1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31.61
controlled by the bayonet. It is that republi-
can government which denies to the people of
those States and has denied to the people of
those States a voice in the enactment of the
laws by which they should be governed. And
what is your republican government to-day
south of the Potomac, when that people have
submitted to the Constitution and the laws,
when under the Constitution of the United
States they have sent their Senators and llep-
sentatives here to participate in your delibera-
tions and to counsel with you in reference to
the public good? I ask, sir, again where is
your republican government there? There is
a territory more extensive than the whole of
Mexico, and a people numbering millions who
are denied a voice in the Government under
■which they live, you holding them in abject
submission to your authority, and yet pro-,
claiming to the Emperor of France and to all
the world that you are so fondly attached to
the principles of republican government that
you cannot bear to see republican institutions
not flourish in the misnamed republic of Mex-
ico. Sir, republican institutions have never
flourished there, and if Maximilian were to
retire from Mexico to-day, there would be no
administration of republican principles there
then.
I rose, Mr. President, simply to say that
while I accord fully with the Monroe doctrine
as understood by Mr. Monroe himself, and as
understood by the legislators and statesmen
of that day I think that this is no -time for us
to undertake to practically enforce it. Better,
sir, restore republican institutions at home;
better open your doors to the Senators and
Representatives of the South, and let them
participate in your legislation and assist in
making the laws by which tiiey and you shall
be governed. Give them a voice in the en-
actment of all the laws which shall conduce to
their welfare. Restore fully the statu quo
ante helium. Give us back the Union which
our fathers gave us. Give to us the practical
enjoyment of the principles of republican gov-
ernment as guarantied to us and guarantied to
fliem by the fundamental law of the land.
Then, sir, you can proudly in the face of the
world proclaim this not only a great but the
model Republic, and you can say, in such a
manner as will command the respect of the
whole civilized world, that these principles
which we ourselves enjoy and the enjoyment
of which we have seen red to every citizen of
our own, we intend to see shall be maintained
and preserved in Mexico ; but until you have
done that, until you have restored the whole
body of American citizens to the enjoyment
of their ancient republican institutions, talk
not even to your own people, much less to
foreign nations, about preserving republican
institutions.
Mr. CON NESS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope not. I think there
will bo no further debate upon this question,
and if so we cau pass this resolution to-night.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator must see that
we cannot come to a vole to-night upon this
question. The disposition is to continue to
debate it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It will be debated fur-
ther.
Mr. CONNESS. • I insist upon my motion.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 11, noes 12.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The vote discloses
the want of a quorum and we cannot do any
further business.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the vote be taken over
again; let us have another division.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthoxy
in the chair.) Another division is called for,
the last vote showing the want of a quorum.
The Chair will put the question again on the
motion of the Senator from California that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, the Senate refused
to adjourn, there being, on a division—ayes 12,
noes 14.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment reported from tho Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. GRIMES. I offered this amendment
in all seriousness for the purpose of bringing
out aiv expression of opinion upon the subject
of the relations that subsist between this Gov-
ernment and the Government of France as
connected with the occupation of Mexico by
the French troops ; and I am,happy to hear ttoe
uniform expression of opinion of condemna-
tion on the part of the representatives of the
States here assembled of the course that has
been .pursued by and the spirit that inspired
the Emperor of France in sending his troops
into Mexico and attempting to establish a
monarchical throne on that soil. Under the
.assurance that has been given by the Senator
from Now York, who is the representative of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and who,
I suppose, speaks from authority—he has cer-
tainly left that impression upon the minds of
Senators here present—I propose, with the
consent of the Senate, to withdraw the amend-
ment which 1 moved. I wish to say, however,
at tho same time, that I am utterly and unal-
terably opposed to the principle of the bill,
and shall vote against it. I believe that there is
no true principle upon which it can be based.
There is no authority in the Constitution by
which we are authorized to make any such grant
of money from theTrcasary; and 1 beKeve that
the whole scheme is gotten up for the purpose
of aggrandizing the Napoleonic dynasty in
France, and is antagonistic to tho spirit of
republican liberty which should be propagated
by the Congress of the United States. With
these views I ask leave of tho Senate to with-
draw inv amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa asks leave to withdraw his
amendment. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none. The amendment is withdrawn.
The question is now on the amendment of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, as amended.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that amend-
ment by inserting at the end of the first section
of it these words :
Nor shall any member of Congress or any person
holding an appointment or office of honor or trust
under the [Jnited Statesboappointeda commissioner,
agent, or offieer under this resolution.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose an amendment to
come in after line fifteen; it is to add the words
"secondly, to provide additional accommoda-
tions in the park, §25,000 in coin."
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire if that is for the
purpose of erecting a bnilding iu Paris.
Mr. HARRIS. It is.
The question was put, and the amendment
to the amendment was declared to be rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. It is absolutely necessary, in
order to carry out this Exhibition decently on
the part of the United States, that thiserection
should be made. It will be better, far better,
for the Government to make some excuse and
get out of the thing altogether, than in a nig-
gardly and cheap and mean way to send our
exhibitors there for the purpose of making an
exhibition and exposing the meanness of our
Government before the other nations of the
world. If you include this item, it will only
make about one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars for the entire expense of it, when other
nations, even small nations, have appropriated
much more. Belgium, for instance, a country
immediately adjoining, has made an appropria-
tion of $120,000 to carry out the expenses of
the Exhibition. Every civilized Government
in the world, except Denmark, has made appro-
priations for this purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. To build houses? _
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, to erect their struct-
ures. Every civilized nation in the world,
exceiJt Denmark, has made appropriations for
this purpose.
Mr. COWAN. Tho Chinese?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes,, even the Chinese and
Japanese. It will be impossible for us to go
through with this matter unless we are per-
mitted to build this erection.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand that each
nation builds its own house?
Mr. HARRIS. We have a certain space
appropriated in the erection built,by the French
Government, and then if a nation wants more
ground for its exhibition, it is permitted .to
erect a structure outside, in tho park, as it is
called. This is for .that purpose. I have a
letter from our agent on this subject. He
says:
"I have received some very pressing dispatches
from Commissioner Beckwith, at, P.uis, urging toy
second report with catalogue; aNo stating iii - sur-
prise and discouragement at the omission of an ap-
propriation for a supplementary building in the
park."
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator how much space is allotted to us.in the
building that is erected by tho French Gov-
ernment for the Exhibition.
Mr. HARRIS. About thirty thousand square
feet, which is, I think, about four acres.
Mr. GRIMES. Four acres allotted to the
United States!
Mr. HARRIS. I think so; I may bo mis-
taken. If I compute the .acres erroneously
others can correct me, but it is thirty thousand
square feet.
Mr. COWAN. About three quarters of an
acre.
Several Sestatoks. Not three quarters of
an acre.
Mr. COWAN. My objection to this bill is an
exceedingly simple one. At a time when the
country is bowed down to the very earth with
taxation, when even the poorest laboring man
cannot get the necessaries of life without pay-
ing what formerly would almost have furnished
him for a year, I am unwilling to expend money
for any such purpose as this, especially when
it is not within our province. It is not our
duty. Wc expose our meanness much more by
making appropriations for this purpose at all
than we should do by making inadequate ap-
propriations. You have no authority to appro-
priate public money to this purpose, not a
particle. You have no more right to give it for
this purpose than you have to take it out of the
pockets of strangers and appropriate it to me.
Nobody pretends to show any authority for it.
It is clearly within the province of ihe States;
and if tlie great State of my honorable friend
from New York desires to go to this Exhibition
and exhibit her products there, there is nothing
in tho world to prevent lier, and let her make
her own appropriation, or let tho States com-
bine. But the General Government has no
such authority.
Apart from that, even if wc had ample
authority, who would think of it at this time,
burdened as we are, loaded down as we are,
and when it requires even a constitutional
amendment to satisfy the world in tho opinion
of some, people that we are going to pay the
public debt at all ?
Mr. WILSON. The men who pay taxes
want this done.
Mr. COWAN. The men we are taxing
are the men who can pay, and if they de-
sire luxuries of this kind let them pay for
them. No one objects to that. _ I know a
gentleman who intends to exhibit at Paris;
but he does not ask to do it at the expense of
the General Government; he does not ask fo
do it at the expense of gentlemen who do not
intend to exhibit there. He intends to piy
liis own expenses, and go there with his own
commodities and put them up at the World's
Fair and let the world see what they are. if
New York wants to exhibit theie there can
be no objection to her doing so: but, ther^ is
groat objection to making California pay for
it when she does not want to exhibit there.
If Pennsylvania wants to go she is able to go,
and she will go, I have no doubt: but why
should Florida and why should Alabama,
whore a hundred thousand people are starv-
ing to-day, be taxed for the purpose of s> ud
