178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
with, truth of the negroes throughout the eon-
federate States. It exhibits a touching exam-
ple of the devotion of an affectionate, patient,
forgiving, and inferior race of men._ But the
race from which sprang these four million con-
tented slaves is not the stuff of which great
commonwealths are made. Who of us would
not rather welcome to our shores that rude pop-
ulation of less than half a million Circassians
who in their mountain fastnesses for more than
thirty years defied the whole power of the Rus-
sian empire ? Such is the difference in the breed
of men—a difference which all your schools
and colleges cannot do away.
Of all men, the negroes themselves are best
contented with their situation. They are not
the prime movers in the agitations wliieh con-
cern them. An examination of the tables of
the last census will demonstrate that they do
not attach much importance to political rights.
It will be found that the free people of color
are most numerous in some of those States
which accord them the fewest political privi-
leges ; and in those States which have granted
them the right of suffrage they seem to see but
few attractions. Tn Maryland there were in
1860, 83,942 free, people of color; in Penn-
sylvania 56,949; in Ohio 36,673. In neither
of those States were they voters. In the State
of New York, where they could not vote cxcept
tinder a property qualification which excluded
the most of them, they numbered 49,005.' But
in Massachusetts, where they did then and do
now vote, there were but 9,602. And in all
New England (except Connecticut, where they
are not allowed to vote) there were at the last
census but 10,084. If the American negro in
his desire and capacity for self-government bore
any resemblance to die Caucasian ho would dis-
tinguish himself by emigration; and, spurning
the soil which had enslaved his race, lie would
seek equality and independence in a more con-
genial clime. But the spirit of independence
and hardy manhood which brought the Puritans
to the shores of a New England wilderness he
lacks. He willnot oven goto Massachusetts now,
although instead of a stormy ocean his barrier
is only an imaginary State line, and instead of
a howling wilderness he is invited to a land
resounding with the myriad voices of the indus-
trial arts, and instead of painted savages with
uplifted tomahawks he has reason to expect, a
crowd of male and female philanthropists, with
beaming laces and outstretched hands, to wel-
come him and call him brother. There will he
iind lecturers to prove his equality, and states-
men to claim him as an associate ruler in the
land. If he cares for these things, or is fit for
them , why does he linger outside upon the very
borders of his political Eden? Why does he
not enter into it—avoiding Connecticut in his
route—and take possession? The fact is that
the fine political theories set up in his behalf
are not in accordance with the natural instinct
of the negro, which in this particular is truer
than the philosophy of his white advisers.
They are but superficial thinkers who imagine
that the organic differences of races can be oblit-
erated by the education of the schools. The
qualities of races are perpetuated by descent,
and are the result of historical influences reach-
ing far back into the generations of the past.
An educated negro is a negro still; The cun-
ning chisel of a Can ova could not make an en-
during Corinthian column out of a block of
anthracite; not because of its color, but on
account of the structure of its substance. Ho
might indeed with infinite pains give it the form,
but he could not impart to it the strength and
adhesion of particles required to enable it to
bravo the elements, and the temple it was made
to support would soon crumble into ruin.
The types of races are transmitted to their
G o vernments. When or where did either the
Mongolian, Malay, or African race, or indeed
any other race than the Caucasian, ever establish
any stable Government based upon the princi-
ples of constitutional liberty? How many cen-
turies of historical training did it not require to
educate even a portion of that most progressive
of races up to the capacity of self-government!
Through whatdarkvicissitudes and bloodyrevo-
lutions did they not pursue in vain the fleeting
vision of democracy! Here at last, in the Uni-
ted States of America, for the first time in the
history of the world, are associated the real
existence of democratic institutions with.the
dominion of a mighty empire. It is certainly our
duty to promote the interests and protect the
rights of all within our borders. But to be suc-
cessful this Government must be conducted and
perpetuated by the race that made it. The
streams of European immigration which have
set with such a ceaseless current upon our shores
have invigorated us with copious infusions of
Caucasian blood, cach converging current laden
with its own peculiar wealth. The sturdy inde-
pendence of the Englishman, the stability and
thrift of the German, the generous enthusiasm
of the Irishman, were all welcome because they
were all ennobling. But what are we to gain from
the negro ? And why will gentlemen persist, for
the sake of mere party considerations, in forcing
his race into unnatural alliances with ours?
There is no political alchemy by which two races,
representing as these do the opposite extremes
of humanity, can be made to unite. Like oil
and water, which have no chemical affinity for
each other, you may mix their particles by agi-
tation, but when left alone they will subside into
separate strata, the one above and the other be-
low. The history of all mongrel races associ-
ated in the government of a country has been
disastrous. Of this, Mexico, Hayti, and Ja-
maica are all examples.
It is claimed that as a reward for the services
of the negroes in our Army the right of suffrage
should be conferred upon their race. I am not
disposed to disparage the military services of
the negroes. They fought creditably, as all men
will fight when well led. And their race has
been rewarded with emancipation. But the
argument for negro suffrage, on the_ score of
military service, begs the whole question of their
fitness. If on account of incapacity or unavoid-
able differences they were not fit to be electors
before the war, the same reasons for tlieir ex-
clusion still exist; and if no such incapacity or
differences exist, or they are entitled by any
natural right to vote, they should vote whether
they fought or not. The fact is that, as a race,
they did far more to sustain the rebellion than
to suppress it. By their patient labor they
sustained and fed the armies of the rebellion.
They rose nowhere in insurrection, and it can
scarcely be said that of their own accord they
struck one blow for their own emancipation.
It is argued that suffrage is necessary to the
black man to enable him to protect himself
against the oppression of the whites. But I do
not think that this has been the experience of
the country. In Pennsylvania we had, at the
date of the last census, a colored population of
50,949, which since then has largely increased.
They are there excluded from the polls; but in
all my experience in the courts of my State,
which has not been inconsiderable, 1 cannot
recall to mind a single instance where justice
was denied to a negro because of his complex-
I ion. I am satisfied that in those localities where
I such prejudice is allowed to corrupt the streams
of justice you would only add force and acri-
mony to its operation by establishing a political
rivalship between the races. The true friends
of the negro race should save them from the
fate which would be sure to follow. There is
much to be done for the negro in which all par-
ties can unite. In his emancipation the whole
country has acquiesced, and a constitutional
amendment enables Congress to secure to him
the full measure of his liberty in all the States.
It is our duly now to provide for his education,
and to encourage and aid him in his efforts at
I improvement. Let the courts be opened to him:
| let his contracts be enforced, his laborproteeted.
' and his rights of property respected. Let pub-
lic schools be provided for him ; and after he
shall have been first developed to the full meas-
ure of his intellectual and moral capacity there
will be still time enough to decide the question
whether he shall be a ruler ill the land.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Mr. Speaker-—•
Mr. HALE. I askthe gentleman to suspend
a moment for the purpose of submitting a
motion to amend.
The SPEA ivEPt. A motion to amend is not
in order pending the motion to recommit.
Mr. HALE. My motion is to amend the mo-
tion to recommit by adding instructions.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is in order.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from. Iowa [Mr. Wilssx] by
adding to that motion an instruction to the com-
mittee to amend the bill so as to extend the
right of suffrage in the District of Columbia to
all persons coming within either of the follow-
ing classes, irrespective of caste or color, but
subject only to existing provisions and qualifi-
cations other than those founded on caste or
color, to wit:
1. Those who can read the Constitution of
the United States;
2. Those who are assessed for and pay taxes
on real or personal property within the District;
3. Those who have served in and been hon-
orably discharged from the military or naval
service of the United States ;
And to restrict such right of suffrage to the
classes above named, and to include proper
provisions excluding from the right of suffrage
those who have borne arms against the United
States during the late rebellion, or given aid
and comfort to said rebellion.
The question then being upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Hale,
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the colored
population of the United States is now about five
millions. That is nearly double the population
of all New England, fully one seventh of the
entire population of the United States, and al-
most double the numbei that can icd this coun-
tiy through a seven years' war with the greatest
military Power in the world.
What shall be done with those five million
people? Colonize them? Where and when?
To Africa? Liberia is the most desirable and
accessible part of that country, but that colony
is now more than forty years old, and its emi-
grant population is only seven or eight thou-
sand. Some ten thousand, in nil, have been
taken there, but from twenty to thirty per cent,
of that number died during the period of ac-
climation. To land five million men, women,
and children upon this miasmatic coast, without
houses, roads or improved lands would be mur-
der by the million. The original kidnapping
and importation of slaves to this country was a
very merciful and Christian business compared
with such an exodus as this. But if we were
wicked enough to embark in such a cruel enter-
prise we could not accomplish it. Calculate
the expense, to say nothing of suffering, of col-
lecting the entire population of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois and taking them to the Atlantic
coast; compute the expense of transportation
for such a nation across the Atlantic, and to
these sums add the cost of houses, roads, clear-
ings, stock. and tempoiarv maintenance in that
unhealthy climate, and you will have a bill loo
great for the resources of the country, even if
we were not in debt. But to gather up and
colonize the scattered and unwilling colored
population, almost equal in numbers, would be
a much greater undertaking.
Colonize them in Mexico, then, it is said.
The expense might be a few million less, but still
far beyond the present resources and strained
; credit of the Government. Other obstacles
would intervene. Mexico has eight million five
j hundred thousand of population now. Where
could you thrust five million more in that un-
inviting land of endless war? Beside, if this
, v<%sl population is as undesirable as is repre-
] sented, they would be nearly as offensive to the
. people of Mexico as it is said they ought to be
i to us, and our unchristian purpose would be
defeated by the kindred prejudices of that na-
tion. Colonize them, then, in some of our
western Territories! The expense and injus-
tice of this undertaking would be consider-
ably less, but it would be just no colonization
at all. They would soon be surrounded by our
advancing millions, and left in the very heart
