3162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
ing men from Pennsylvania there to exhibit
themselves?
Mr. HENDERSON. We propose to let
every exhibitor exhibit his own productions.
Mr. COWAN. Let every exhibitor show
his productions ; I say so.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is not room
enough now.
Mr. COWAN. That is his own lookout.
If he cannot get ground on the thirty thousand
feet allotted to us, that shows the folly of
France in inviting us to such a small space.
I do not know that there will be room enough
for us all. I do not care about that, however.
The progress of the world does not depend on
world's fairs and exhibitions of this kind. The
progress of the world in arts and sciences and
everything else depends upon the wants of
the world; and as it discovers its wants its
genius will supply them.
I have no objection to the Exhibition, and
I have no objection to those who desire to
do so engaging in it; but let them pay for it.
What I object to is, that the people should be
taxed to pay for this, and that the people
should be taxed under these circumstances.
I beg gentlemen to remember that our finances
are not in such a condition that we can afford
to run out into expenditures of this kind. If
there is any cry that comes up from the coun-
try that is more to bo heeded than any other,
it is the cry for retrenchment and reform and
saving in all these things. There was a time
when the nation cared but little about such an
expenditure as this; but now, when it behooves
us to save every dollar, when our credit is at
stake, and when the slightest jostle, the slight-,
est panic, the least difficulty may cause us in-
tolerable suffering and wrong—] say that under
such circumstances, I look upon this as wholly
imprudent, and I protest against it in the name
and in behalf of those who pay the taxes wrung
out of them under adverse circumstances every-
where all over the country, it is well enough
for rich people, well enough for those who
have heretofore accumulated their hundreds
of thousands and their millions to go to world's
fairs and shows of this kind ; but if they do, let
them pay. There is no reason why the labor-
ing men, the poor and the toiling whom wo tax
everywhere and tax upon almost everything,
even the prime necessaries of life, should be
made to pay for this.
1 have nothing to say about the Monroe doc-
trine, nothing to nay about the conduct of
France toward the people ot'the United States
during the late struggle, nothing to say about
the limperor, nothing to say about his son.
France is an independent realm of the earth,
and if she chooses to bo ruled by Napoleon, I
have no objection, none in the world ; and if
sho chooses to consecrate the young Comto de
Paris as succcssor to Napoleon 111, that is her
right and her privilege. If a republican Gov-
ernment is better than the one sho has now
adopted 1 have no doubt whenever she is ready
for it she will find it out. I have no sympathy,
either, for republican Mexico, so called, I must
confess. For the last thirty years of my life, 1
think, I have been a student of the history of
Mexico, and ] believe that in that time she has
had at least forty different Governments.
A iSnXATon. Thirty-seven.
Mr. COWAN. It may be only thirty seven ;
and if so, I beg the pardon of Mexico for sur-
charging her with three. To talk about a
republican Government in Mexico, I think is
only to make republicanism utterly absurd
and ridiculous. There never was such a thing
there, and it is utterly impossible. If I were
to view it as a question of dollars and cents, I
think the United States ought to be very much
obliged to anybody who would introduce into
Mexico law and order and good government,
because if it were introduced therefor a period
of fifteen or twenty years I have no doubt that
the United States would reap the largest ad-
vantages from it of any people upon the earth.
Then, instead of selling to Mexico a mere pit-
tance as at present—! do not know what it
amounts to, perhaps half a million annually—
I have no doubt we could sell to that people'
of our products perhaps two or three hundred
millions.
Are we in danger from the establishment of
an empire there? Mr. President, I have no
doubt that we could settle our difficulties many
a time by removing out of the way any such
obstacles as that; and I should think that an
empire in Mexico, placed there as a foil for the
United States, would be one of the most whole-
«ome things in the world. If we ever differed
among ourselves, we should heal all our differ-
ences by going down and removing the empire
and establishing another Government instead.
I have no fear of the establishment of an em-
pire in Mexico. Thank God, it never will be
in the road of the United States. This Repub-
lic will never find it an obstacle to its progress.
What the people of Mexico want now is a reign
of law, order, peace, where the industrious
man can earn something, and, when he earns
it, keep it. I believe there is not a very strong
desire for effective accumulation among then-
people, but that might be cultivated and rise
to an extent which would make the people
prosperous and happy. As she has been for
the last twenty-five or thirty years in the hands
of desperate politicians, revolutionists, bri-
gands of every kind, her progress has been
directly backward, if there be such a thing.
But apart from all the relations that exist
between us and Franco and Mexico, I am op-
posed to the expenditure of money, now, for
this purpose, because I believe that it behooves
us everywhere, one and all, to curtail our ex-
penditures and retrench our outlay until we are
absolutely certain that with a reasonable press-
ure upon our people we can extract taxes
enough from them to keep the public credit
unstained as we have kept the public patriot-
ism and its credit and fidelity free from re-
proach.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, this Exhibi-
tion is in one respect a novelty; it is unlike
any Exhibition of the kind that has ever been
held before. It is national in its character.
The State of New York cannot go there and
exhibit its products, nor any other State, nor
can individuals do so. The producers, the
inventors, the mechanics, the artisans of the
country can only make their exhibitions through
their Government; and now if the Govern-
ment is to do anything it will cost some money.
We must do one of two things; we must either
back out altogether, abandon the thing, pay
the expenses that havo been incurred, and
make some excuse to the French Government
and to the world why we refuse to appear at
the Exhibition, having in January last accepted
the invitation, or else we must do the thing
well. We cannot afford to do anything else than
cither back out altogether or make the neces-
sary expenditure to do the thing well and cred-
itably. To accomplish this will take some
money, and this appropriation is undoubtedly
nccessary, it is indispensable, and if the Sen-
ate do not choose to make the appropriation
they had better defeat the bill altogether and
then make the best excuse we can and back
out of the whole thing.
We did resolve in J anuary last that we would
accept the invitation. We have gone on and
appointed our officers; we have invited the
producers, mechanics, artisans, and inventors
of the country to make their offerings, and we
have now offered for exhibition vastly more
than all the room we can provide will accom-
modate. If the Senate do not choose to make
this appropriation for the purpose of providing
the necessary room, then let us abandon the
thing altogether.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The statement of the
Senator from New York has taken me by sur-
prise. He informs us that no citizen, not even
one of the——
Mr. GRIMES. I think we had better ad-
journ. We cannot hear the Senator from
Indiana.
[A violent thunder storm was raging, the
rain pattered noisily on the roof, and the ob-
scuration of the sky darkened the Chamber.]
"x
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not want to speak
long.
Mr. GRIMES. We are all anxious to hear
the Senator, but we cannot hear a word in the
storm now going on. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 14, I860.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton'.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
british american trade.
The SPEAKER. At the adjournment last
evening, Senate bill No. "-lO, to authorize the
Commissioner of Patents to pay those employed
as examiners and assistant examiners the sal-
ary fixed by law for the duties performed by
them, was before the House, on which a motion
was pending for the previous question, and also
a motion that the bill be laid upon the table ;
pending which the Chair, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House certain executive
communications. The last of these was a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury
in answer to a resolution of the House calling
for information in regard to commercial rela-
tions with British America. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] objected to the
printing of that communication, and the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wextworth | de-
manded that the communication should be
read. As there has been no vote upon the
question, the Chair withdraws the communica-
tion, and it will lie upon the table until, by a
vote of the House, business on the Speaker's
table shall be reached.
Mr. WENTWORTII. With the consent of
the House I will state my object in calling for
the reading of that document. I was afraid
that my friend from New York had been up
to the Speaker's table and had seen what was
in the communication, while I had not seen
its contents. I withdraw my call for the read-
ing of the communication.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to say that I am very
sorry the gentleman from Illinois should sup-
pose that I knew more than he did. [Laugh-
ter.] My objection to the printing of the com-
munication was based upon information which
I had received that it contained no new intel-
ligence. I have learned, however, that I was
misinformed ; and I withdraw my objection to
the printing of the document.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York withdraws his objection to the printing
of the communication ; and if there be no fur-
ther objection it will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
There was no objection.
bureau 01' insurance.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced, by unanimous consent, a bill for the
creation of a national Bureau of Insurance, and
to provide for funding the indebtedness of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
rieouganization op till-; army.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
House bill No. 3G1, to reorganize and estab-
lish the Army of the United States, with an
amendment in the form of a substitute. I move
that the substitute Jje ordered to be printed,
and that the bill and substitute be recom-
mitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now desire that, by the
consent of the House, some time be fixed
when the committee may report and the bill
be acted upon by the House. I will name to-
morrow after the morning hour, if that will
suit gentlemen of the House.
