1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4123
see if they really are what they are represented
to be. I think it is an expenditure which the
country is prepared to approve, and it is infor-
mation that everybody desires.
Mr. NESMITH. Perhaps no question has
been before Congress of more interest to the
Pacific States and Territories than the meas-
ure proposed by the Senator from California.
I am very glad that he and the committee of
which he is chairman has brought the subject
to the attention of the Senate. There is a vast
mining region there, extending frem the base
of the Rocky mountains on this side to the
Pacific ocean, and from our Mexican border to
the forty-ninth parallel. Its development has
been left entirely to private enterprise. There
has been 110 regular system by which reports
have been made in relation to it, as to its re-
sources, its value, its productions, what has
been derived from it., and what is likely to be
derived from it. It is a source of very great
revenue to the country and one upon which
wo must depend eventually for the precious
metals to discharge our immense annual obli-
gations, and 1 think there is no subject which
comes within the p rview of national legisla-
tion which should so much attract the atten-
tion of the Government, or which is so im-
portant as to get correct and reliable data
relative to the great mining interests of that
country. I trust that the amendment will be
adopted and a commissioner be appointed,
and that we shall have a thorough investiga-
tion on the subject and a report at the next
session of Congress, so that we may have re-
liable information on a subject of such very
great interest to the country.
Mr. STEWAllT. I have opposed the ap-
propriations of $15,000 expended hitherto, be-
cause I could not see any good results from
them ; but I am satisfied that if this appropri-
ation is made we shall have a report that will
give some information, and I hope the appro-
priation will be made.
Mr. SPRAG-UE. I would ask the Senator
from California if he would permit an amend-
ment to go upon his proposed amendment, that
the commission which is to be appointed may
be directed to turn their attention to the bonded
warehouses? [Laughter.] If he will permit
that I should like to move an amendment of
that kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was in the reve-
nue bill a section which we struck out provid-
ing for a Bureau of Statistics in the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury. If that had
passed I think the statistics in relation to min-
ing would be a part of it, but we concluded to
strike it out. The mere obtaining ol' these sta-
tistics is of no more pressing importance just
now than the obtaining of statistics in relation
to matters of trade and other things. The strik-
ing At of that section of the revenue bill has
been disagreed to on the part of the House,
and it is very possible that the section may
finally pass, but probably with some amend-
ments. I do not see why this particular sub-
ject of mining statistics should be taken out
of the general question of statistics as applica-
ble to other things. I see no reason for putting
this in here without putting in a great many
other things. I do not exactly go the bonded
warehouses, but statistics in regard to trade
and agriculture and other matters ought to be
provided for at the same time. I admit that
the obtaining of these statistics is important;
that I have no question of; but I doubt the
policy and good sense of putting on to this bill
where it does not properly belong an appro-
priation for obtaining these statistics, when we
have refused in the Senate to pass any appro-
priation or make any provision for obtaining
statistics upon other subjects.
Mr. CONJTESS. I think I can explain that
to the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think the
Senator can explain it to me, because I believe
I understand it now so far as the position I
take is concerned.
Mr. CONNESS. T am quite aware that I
can throw no light on a subject that the Sena-
ator has investigated, but I can give him a few
words ujion the course this question has taken.
The section relating to statistics that is found
in the revenue bill now pending between the
two Houses, I think, arose and grew out of
communications between the Secretary of the
Treasury and myself in the early part of the
winter. I called his attention in a letter ad-
dressed to him to the necessity and the public
advantage of a central Bureau of Statistics near
the Government which should embrace the
three subjects of agriculture, mining, and man-
ufactures. The honorable Senator from Rhode
Island will perceive that in considering the
subject the question of manufactures was not
lost sight of. I believe that such a bureau
could be established and conducted at a less
public expenditure of means than the present
Agricultural Bureau and be of infinite ben-
efit to all three branches of industry; and I
invited the Secretary to have a bill prepared
with a view to that end. The result event-
ually was the addition of a long section to the
revenue bill spoken of by the Senator from
Maine, but which did not include in any re-
spect statistics concerning the mines. There
is a necessity for beginning the collection of
statistics concerning the mines at an earlier
day than you shall collect them for other
branches of industry, for you have them already
in regard to these branches; they are coming
into your Government from commerce; they
are coming into your Government for manu-
factures, as every single day progresses; but
to begin to collect statistics on the subject of
mines and mining agents will have to be em-
ployed, or a commissioner of great ability, and
lie must necessarily visit every mine and re-
port upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A job for somebody.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not intended, I wish
to say, for any individual on earth. There is
nothing in it or about it that participates of a
job. I would despise the appropriation of
money with such a view ; but if Senators will
remember for a single moment the importance
to citizens in all the States of the Union who
aj-e investing in mines of collecting such sta-
tistical information as I have suggested, and
laying it before the whole people in a finan-
cial report in an authoritative shape, I think
they will concede that it is time to begin and
also concede its value. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. I will make a single re-
mark in addition to what I have already said,
inasmuch^fts the chairman of the Committee
on Finance does not appreciate the importance
of getting this information more than the im-
portance of getting statistical information in re-
gard to agriculture, manufactures, commerce,
or anything else. Other nations do see an
additional importance in statist,istical informa-
tion on the subject., and they have taken some
pains to ascertain what the mineral wealth of
the United States is, for the purpose of pred-
icating their financial operations upon that
knowledge, they being in debt as we are now.
We do not propose to send a commissioner to
Europe to inform them in regard to our mines;
the fact is, they can inform us. There is no
part of the civilized world where there is more
ignorance in regard to our mines than right
here in Washington, where we are called on to
legislate in regard to them.
I think it highly important that we should
get reliable information iu regard to the yield
of the gold and silver mines and its probable
continuance. It is necessary to our financial
calculations. The value of our bonds may
depend very much upon the probable yield of
gold and silver. If it were reliably ascertained
that there would be a continual increase of gold
and silver, so that those metals would be cheap,
so that we should have no difficulty in redeem-
ing our bonds, it might have an important, bear-
ing upon the value of the bonds. I think au-
thentic information with regard to the vast
mineral wealth of this country will do more to
strengthen our credit than anything else we
can do. The only objection to the appropria-
tions heretofore made was, that they did not
produce any result. We think now this can
be so directed as to produce valuable results.
The Secretary of the Treasury, taking special
interest in it with a view to our public credit,
we think it can be so arranged as to get infor-
mation that will be very gratifying to the peo-
Ele of the United States and to the national
ond-holders, and will strengthen our credit
considerably.
In this view, I think the small appropriation
that is asked ought to bo cheerfully granted.
For some years a similar amount was appro-
priated without yielding any result; but now
the Secretary of the Treasury thinks he can
get a report, and I believe he can. I think
when a report is made, and the people of the
United States see the prospect of the yield of
gold and silver upon which to predicate the
payment of our debt, our credit will be very
much strengthened.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to say one
word. The importance of a complete knowl-
edge of our resources in the precious metals
should be understood by every Senator on
the floor. It is a singular fact that France,
Great Britain, Austria, and Russia, through
their agents sent into our country, are now
better possessed of our resources in mineral
wealth than is the Government of Ihe United
Status; they have bestowed pains to under-
stand the value of the respective resources of
the various portions of the world, and particu-
larly in the precious metals. There is 110 work
of authority to which wo can now go to ascer-
tain anything in detail as to what we may rely
upon in regard to the development of the mining
region and its capability of further development.
This lies within the general range as promoting
the general prosperity and enabling the Gov-
ernment to know what it can rely upon. The
amount of the appropriation is trifling. It can
be no job. It cannot more than pay the com-
mon, ordinary expenses of such an enterprise.
If a person fond of science and fond of these
inquiries and desirous of pursuing them can
be employed at SIS,000 to make these investi-
gations and report to the Government, the Gov-
ernment will be a great gainer, and not only the
Government, but the people generally through-
out the United States. I trust the amendment
will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. The special committee who
were directed to equalize the payment of the
employ6s of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives have directed me to offer as an.
amendment the bill they reported on that
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to my colleague which perhaps will be
agreeable to him. The proposition to increase
the pay of the employ6s of the House of Rep-
resentatives has been put. into what is called
the deficiency bill, where this whole subject will
come up. That bill is now before the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I suggest whether he
had not better let this measure come up on that
bill. The extra pay to employes of the House
is already put upon that bill by the House of
Representatives. It will lead to considerable
discussion. I make the suggestion to save time,
because the whole subject will all come up then.
Mr. WADE. I do not know when that will
come up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To-morrow, probably.
Mr. SHERMAN. It must come up. The
question is on that bill now.
Mr. WADE. I have no choice which bill it
is to be in ; but I am directed to offer it to one
of these bills. Perhaps that is the most appro-
priate for it as the House regulation is in that
bill. I withdraw the amendment for the pres-
ent, and will offer it on the other bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I am authorized by the
Committee on the District of Columbia to
move the following amendment, to come in
on page 21, after line four hundred and ninety-
four :
For the National Association for the relief of desti-
tute colored women and children, incorporated under
