1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2203
Mr. WARD. I have had an opportunity to
examine the bill, and I have no objection to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill and substitute were recom-
mitted.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
recommit.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the motion to
recommit, and call the previous question on
the bill and substitute.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the title
so that it shall read, "A bill to facilitate the
settlement of the accounts of paymasters of the
Army."
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed joint resolution H.
R. No. 67, providing for the reappraisement of
the lands described in an act for the relief of
William Sawyer and others, of Ohio.
Also, that it had passed bills and joint reso-
lution of the following titles, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 74) for the admission of Col-
orado into the Union;
An act (S. No. 277) for the relief of William
Cook ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 74) providing for
the acceptance of a collection of plants tend-
ered to the United States by Frederick Pech.
admission of colorado.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent that Senate bill No. 74, for the ad-
mission of Colorado into the Union be taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
daboll's fog trumpet.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into and report on the expediency
of establishing Daboll's fog trumpet at Sandy Hook,
port of New York.
taxation of bank currency.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill declaring certain obligations of
the Un&ed States and national bank currency
subject to taxation under State authority;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The IJouse accordingly proceeded, as the
regular order of business, to the consideration
of the unfinished business of last evening, be
ing House bill No. 414, to secure the speedy
construction of the Northern Pacific railroad
and telegraph line, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes.
The pending question was Mr. wentworth's
motion to refer to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to discuss the details of the bill before
the House; nor is it my object to answer the
various objections which were raised to it yes
terday; nor shall I, as did the gentleman from
Chicago, speak under the apprehension of the
effect my remarks or my vote on the bill may
have upon uninformed constituents on the eve
of an election. My constituents, I apprehend,
know my opinions on this subject pretty well.
It was in 1850 that having met with Asa Whit-
ney's pamphlet, and sought a conference with
him on the subject of a Pacific railroad along
a northern route, T gathered as many as I could
of the people of Philadelphia in a meeting pre-
sided over by the mayor, and urged them to
unite with me in applying to the American
Congress to grant to Mr. VVhitney and his as-
sociates just what is proposed to be granted to
other men by the bill now under consideration.
From that day to this I have never doubted
the wisdom of the proposition; nor have 1 felt
less interest in the subject since a dear sister,
and a graceful girl of rare intelligence, over
whose childhood I had watched with a father's
solicitude, have been laid in that valley which
Bryant, who is yet in the enjoyment of lusty
life, after he had passed life's meridian de-
scribed by saying—
" Where rolls the Oregon,
And hears no sound save his own dashings."'
I still have living kindred in that valley ; and
for the last ten years have been in frequent and
constant correspondence with those who dwell
near Puget sound, and have thus learned some-
thing of the mighty and varied resources of the
north Pacific slope, the region through which
the only river that penetrates the heart of the
country pours itself into the beautiful but
sleeping ocean.
I shall discuss the bill in its broad and gen-
eral relations. The question is, as the gentle-
man from Oregon [Mr. Henderson] well said
yesterday, one of the gravest importance that
has been presented to this Congress. He said
truly it was of national importance. He did
not, however, bound its importance by that
suggestion. It is a question for the world.
From Lake Superior to Puget sound 1 A rail-
road stretching from Lake Superior to Puget
sound, a distance of eighteen hundred miles!
To open to civilization and enterprise an empire
longer and broader than western Europe from
the southern vinelands of sunny Spain and Por-
tugal on the one hand, the hyperborean forests
of Norway on the other. Yes, sir, an empire
equal to England, Ireland, Scotland, France,
the German States, Belgium, Holland, Swit-
zerland, Denmark, Sweden, Spain, and Por-
tugal.
We fail, Mr. Speaker, to understand our
relations to the age in which we live, and our
duties to mankind, because we fail to appre-
ciate the grand dimensions and unimagined
resources of our country. We would regard
ourselves giants did we estimate ourselves in
proportion to possessions so grand in a country
so abounding in multiform resources, so unde-
veloped, and so sparsely settled.
The region through which it is proposed to
construct this road, exceeding in extent the
territory of all the nations I have named, also
embodies more mineral wealth than they all
combined ever possessed. But what is its con-
dition? It is a wilderness. Almost every acre
of it is still innocent of the tread of a tax col-
lector. It yields our country no revenue. Along
the Pacific slope a few thriving villages dot it.
Some of them will one day be great cities, but
they are now on the borders of a vast wilder-
ness.
Sir, I appeal from the constituents of the
gentleman from Chicago [Mr. Wentwokth]
on the eve of an election to posterity and ask
gentlemen to view the proposed enterprise in
the light in which future generations will be-
hold it. They will look beyond the vast empire
I have indicated. There lies the sleeping but
broad Pacific, capable of bearing a commerce
a thousand times heavier than has ever chafed
the waters of the Atlantic; an ocean on which
our flag is seen floating only from the masts of
coasting craft or whalers wending their slow
way to the northern seas in quest of hard-earned
wealth; an ocean which should bear a com-
merce estimated by values in dollars and cents
infinitely transcending any the Atlantic has
known or may ever know.
Sir, so slight is our power upon that ocean
that the recently pardoned rebel Semnies with
a single vessel destroyed nearly a hundred of
our peaceable whalers, giving their cargoes,
gatheredby years of dangerous toil, to the flames
or the waves. It bounds our country for more
than a thousand miles, and our maritime power,
which could not now protect a mile of it, should
be seen and felt upon it, and our flag and white
sails or the curling smoke of our steamers
should shadow its every wave.
That ocean belongs to us, and we should con-
firm our title by the right of occupancy; for
when we cast our eyes beyond its placid sur-
face we behold what is to be our next con-
quest. The Old World is to be awakened by
American ideas. Its unnumbered people are
to be quickencd, instructed, and redeemed by
American enterprise. Some statisticians tell
us that there are 750,000,000 people in the
ancient theocratic countries of the East, which
is the West to which the star of our commercial
empire will next take its way. Others put
the population at 1,000,000,000; and others
at 1,300,000,000. There, where civilization
dawned and the drowsy past yet lingers, the
first impulses of a new cycle begin to be felt,
Japan is yielding to the impulses of our age.
The Chinese wall is crumbling away, ft was
but yesterday that 1 had a letter informing me
that our countryman, Dr. Martin, interpreter
of the American legation at Pekin, under the
employment of the Chinese Government had
rendered into that language our Wlieaton's
Law of Nations. Thus that vast and long
isolated Power is preparing to enter into
commercial connection with the world. The
ancient civilization of Asia is giving way. At
the end of thousands of centuries the doctrine
of sacred castes is about to yield to the sub-
limcr creed of man's freedom and equality.
Muscular labor will soon be done there by the
potent agents we now employ—coal and iron
—and the genius of the buried dead, embodied
in mechanism, will soon relieve their toiling
millions as it now docs ours. Their whole
life is to be quickened by modern enterprise,
and they will swell the numbers of the people
on our Pacific slope.
But the inviting field of the ocean and the
vast field of enterprise and reward open to us
in Asia are not the only considerations that
induce me to support this bill. The laboring
people of every eastern city have an intense
interest in this question. The safety of our
country depends upon the intelligence, the
virtue, the stability of our laboring people.
He legislates not wisely for a democratic re-
public who does not make it the aim of all his
acts to improve the material condition of the
great laboring masses of the country. If we
would perpetuate our institutions we must see
that the wages of labor are so maintained that
the children of the laboring man shall grow up
amid the endearments of home and with the
expectation that their children shall find more
elegance and refinement in their homes than
their parents were familiar with in childhood.
The construction of a road through our north-
ern gold region will open a field that will be a
constant refuge for the surplus labor of our
eastern States. There will be a refuge for those
masses of ingenious workmen who are Jostled
each year by lack of adjustment of their num-
bers to the demand for their branch of labor, or
are deprived of the advantage of the skill they
acquired in youth by the invention of labor-
saving machinery; and instead of finding them-
selves as age gathers on their brow without the
means of livelihood rich fields of enterprise
easily reached will cheer their declining years.
But again, the depression of oar laboring
people springs not alone or chiefly from local
causes. Beyond the Atlantic ocean there are
three hundred and fifty million people in every
community of which laboring men are held as
raw material; and under the grasping influences
of capital and the oppression of despotic Gov-
ernments are held in such bondage that they
