1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3163
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent to fix to-morrow for the consideration
of this bill, becausc the reconstruction bill has
precedence.
Mr. DAVIS. I would like to make a sugges-
tion. This substitute which is now ordered to
be printed will not be upon our files before to-
morrow morning, and if we should at that time
proceed to its consideration, we shall have had
no time to examine it in advance. It seems to
me that it should not be taken up before the
early part of next week.
Mr. SCHENCK. There will probably be
so many questions raised in reference to the
bill itself that I do not wish to raise any ques-
tion in advance. I therefore move that the
bill be made the special order for Tuesday of
next week, immediately after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
CORPUS CIIRISTI COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous conscnt, intro-
duced a bill to create the collection district of
Corpus Christi, and for other puposes; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
CALIFOKNIA LAND TITLES.
Mr. BIDWELL had entered a motion to
reconsider the vote by which Senate bill No.
343, to quiet land titles in California, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
EXAMINERS OV PATENTS.
The regular order of business Avas Senate
bill No. 350, to authorize the Commissioner of
Patents to pay those employed as examiners
and assistant cxamineis the salary fixed by law
for the duties performed by them, which Mr.
Harding, of Illinois, had moved to lay upon
the table.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the Clerk to read
the papers I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, 3). C., January 22, 18GG.
Sir: Having been infoimed of the loss of a letter
I had the honor, as Commissioner of Patents, to ad-
dress to you a year ago, in relation to the compensa-
tion of persons employed in the Patent Office as
examiners and assistant oxaminers of patents, and
having been requested to a?ain communicate the
substance of that letter to you, it gives me pleasure
to do so, especially as I icgard the measure sought to
bo accomplished as warranted by the strictest justice
and sanctioned by the most approved precedents.
Theliumber of applications tor patents in any given
peiiod can never be foretold. Were the number of
examiners and assistant examiners in commission at
any time found to be too great, the occasional reduc-
tion of such force, and even appiehcnsions of such
reduction, it has always been believed, would be at-
tended with depressing and injurious influences. The
policy pursued has therefore been, tor many years,
to limit the number in commission to the probable
minimum required for the service, and to meet the
requirements beyond this standard by detailing ex-
aminers of the lower gradesfor the discharKcofduties
appropriate to the higher, and members of the cleri-
cal force to fill the positions thus made vacant.
This practice received the sanction of Congress in
1856, when, in the law approved August 18, it was en-
acted that "the Commissioner of Patents is hereby
authorized to pay those employed in the United States
Patent Office, from April 1,1851, until April 1, 1855,
as examiners and assistant examiners of patents, at
the rates fixed by law for these respective grades:
Provided, That the same be paid out ot the Patent
Office fund, and that the compensation thuspaidshall
not exceed that received by those dulv enrolled as
examiners and assistant examiners of patents tor the
same period and a^ain in I860, when in the law ap-
proved June 2"), it was enacted that "the Commission cr
of Patents is hereby authorized to pay those employed
in the Patent Office from April l.lSoo, until April 1,1809,
as examiners and assistant examiners of patents at the
rates fixed bv law for thc^c respective grades: Pro-
vided, That flic same be paid out of the Patent Office
fund, and that the compensation thus paid i-Jull not
exceed that received by tho*e duly enrolled as exam-
iners and assistant examiners ot patents for the same
period."
If an argument were needed to enforce the appoal
which I understand is now made for authority to
compensate these officers for the services they have
rendered, it appears to me that it is affoideu in the '
words of the twice-enacted statute I have quoted,
namely, "that the same be paid out of the Patent
Office fund;" that is to say, the officers are to receive
compensation outoi the revenue derived by means
of the services they have rendered in portions above
their respective commissions. I may add. however,
and with great propriety, that a large portion of th<\se
claims arose in the manner recited, and from the
necessity of the case, during my official term ars Com-
missioner, and that it was always my purpose to ask
Congress for authority to discharge them in the man-
ner herein recommended.
1 have the honor to bo yours very respectfully,
D.P. HOLLO WAY.
Hon. Thomas A. Jexckics,
Chairman Committee on Patents.
SrR: At the last session of Congress my predecessor,
Hon. D. P, Holioway, addiesscd to your committee a
letter requesting that ho might be authorized to pay to
those employed as examiners and assistant exami-
ners the rates iixed by law tor the duties performed
by them. I am informed that he has recently re-
newed that request.
Agreeing with him that tho parties referred to are
justly entitled to the pay, they having performed
tho duties faithfully and tally, with the promise and
expectation that they would be thus paid, I hereby
respectfully request that the desired authority be
given to tho Commissioner to pay them tho amounts
due, the funds of the Patent Office now being in such
a condition as, in my opinion, to justify such action,
in this conncetion I desire to say to the committee
that I do not wish this request to be construed as a
precedent to bind me to a similar recommendation
in any future ease of the kind, as, in making appoint-
ments in my bureau, 1 have taken pains to have all
undeistand that, they are not hereafter to expcct any
increase ot pay over that belonging to the position
to which they are appointed.
I have tho honor to be, very respectfully, vour obe-
dient servant, T. C. TilEAKEll,
Commissioner.
Hon. Thomvs A. Jenckes,
Chairman Committee on Patents.
Sir: The undersigned, a committee acting on be-
half of the examiners and assistant examiners cm-
ployed in the Patent Oflice during the pastfouryears,
beg leave most respectfully to call the attention of
your committee toft he following facts in support of
the request made by lion. I). P. llolloway, Commis-
sioner of Patents, at tho Inst <=e^sion of Congress, and
now renewed by lion. T. C. Tiicaker, the present
Commissioner.
Smm alter the breaking out. of the rebellion, the
funds of the Patent Office became so reduced by the
derangement of business all over the country that
the then Commissioner, in order to comply with the
requirements of tho lawmaking the Patent Office a
self-sustaining bureau, felt himself obliged to reduce
the salaries of the cxamineis and assistant examiners
below the amounts fixed by law. In doing this, he
assured us that it was but a temporary expedient,
forced upon him by the unusual eneumstanccsof the
case; and that, it \\c would remain and continue to
perform our respective duties as before, the amount
of our salaiies, as fixed by law, should be made up to
us so soon as the funds of the bureau would justify or
permit its being done.
With this assurance of the head of the bureau, and
with the precedent of similar action on the part of
Congress on t*vo former occasions, wedidiemain and
perform our duties faithfully and tully; working moi e
hours and performing much moie labor than was
ever before perlormed in the bureau.
In Older that you may see and understand exactly
what we did, and how valuable were the .services we
rendered, we bog to call your attention to the follow-
ing comparison ot the labor petioiincd by iij duung
those lour years wilh that of the preceding eight,
years as shown bv the office records.
Daring the prior eight years lrom 1853 to I800,both
inclusive, there weie employed as examiners and
assistants thirty-four men; from 1SG0 to 18i55, there
were twenty-two men, being less than two thirds of
the force. Number ot cases examined from 1852 to
1860, the annual average per man, one hundred and
forty-two: from 18G0 to 1865, the annual average per
mam two hundred and forty; showing nn increase in
the numberof cases examined of eighty-two per cent.
But in 02 dor to appreciate fill ly the actual increase of
labor performed,youreommittcoshould bcarin mind
tho fact that the labor ot examining a case is con-
stantly increasing with every < abided,as every ca^e
filed makesone more to be lookedover in the exami-
nation of future cases; and thus in reality, the in-
crease of labor performed by as was fully <nie hundred
per cent.
Taking the amount of fees received for patents is-
sued as the basis ot the calculation, and the differ-
ence is still greater. The average amount per mat),
of ices received on patents issued during the preced-
ing eight years, was S-,^82. Ditto, dming the past
four years, ^5,230, showing an incieasc of one hundred
and twenty-nine per cent.
Notonly was this greatly increased amount of labor
performed and money earned by us. but it was done
on reduced salaiies, and at a time when the cost of
living was double what it was during the previous
period referred to. Nor is this all: in common with
other employes, our salaries were still further reduced
by the Government tax, whieh we were, not, like cit-
izens not in the employ of the Government, permit-
ted to deduct our house rents from the amount subject
to taxation. Not only were we, like others, subject
to military service and to draft, but some of our num-
ber furnished voluntary substitutes when not actually
liable to drait, while others gave of their household?
to the service of the country, no 1-^s Hum two out of
one family sacrificing their lives in tho service, one
in the Armv, and the other in the Navy.
In view of the^e facts, your petitioners respectfully
ask your committee to present for the action of Con-
gress the nece.-snry resolution or bill authoiizing the
Commissioner of Patents to pay us, out of ihe smplus
funds of the bureau, tho amounts respectively due us
for the services rendered,
On two former occasions, to wit, by the act approved
May 14, 1856, and the act appioved June 25, 1860,
Congress did this same thing. It was done for men
whose salaries had not been reduced as ours have;
who performed not one half as much service as we
have; who received their salary in gold and paid no
Government tax on it; who were not called upon to
furnish substitutes, cither voluntary or otherwise, for
tli o military service; andata time when the cost of
living here was not more than half its present rates.
If such action was just and right then, in their case,
how much more so is it now, in our easel
In conclusion, we beg to remind your committee
that we arc not. asking for any appropriation of money
from the Treasury, but simply that you authorize the
Commissioner to pay us the amount fixed by law as
our salary out of thesurplus Patent Oflice fund, which
surplus has been created by the extraordinary amount'
of service performed by us, Wo have honestly and
faithfully earned it; it is our just due, and we and
our families need it. There is now a large surplus
fund on hand, and there is no reason why we should
not be paid.
In a matter so plain further argument seems unne-
cessary, and wo submit tho subject tor your consider-
ation, hopefully trusting thatyou will afford usspcedy
lehef in the manner asked.
We present herewith copies of the acts referred to:
"Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Patents is hereby authorized to pay those
emploved in the United States Patent Office from
April 1,1851, until Apiil 1, 1855, as examiners and
assistant examiner* of patents, at tho rates fixed by
law for these respective grades: Provided, That tho
same be paid out of the Patent Office fund, and that
the compensation thus paid shall not exceed that
received by those duly enrolled as examiners and
assistant examiners of patents for the same period."
—May 14.1856.
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That tho Com-
missioner of Patents is hereby authorized to pay those
employed in tho Patent Oflice from April 1,1855, un-
til April J, 1860, as examiners and assistant examin-
ers of patents, at the rates fixed by law for theso
respective trades: Provided, That the same be paid
out of the Patent Office fund, and that the compen-
sation thus paid shall not exceed that ieeeived by
those duly eurolled as examiners and. assistant exam-
iners of patents for the same period."—.Juao '13, 1800.
J. M. T5LAXCITARD,
L. J. PAP WELL,
W.C. DODGE.
To Hon. T. A. Jkxokes, Chairman of Committee on
Patents, House of lieprexpntativcs.
Mr. HAUDIXG-, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion to lay upon the table ; and while I
am up I will say a few words.
Mr. Speaker, when this bill was before the
House a few days since for consideration, I
thought then, and 1 think so still, that it in-
volved a new principle. I understand it to be
relatively like a proposition to pay an officer of
a lower grade in the Army the compensation
belonging to an officer of a higher grade when
an officer of a lower grade performed the duties
of the higher position. It is like an orderly
sergeant, on the ground of having performed
the duties of captain on many battle-fields,
asking for compensation as captain. The
principle is piecisely the same.
In this case we have an application from the
officers of the Interior Department to give
them, in addition to their salary since 1861,
which has been regularly paid to them, the
further sum of $700 per year, if I calculate
correctly, because there were times when they
were compelled to perform duties which de-
volved upon officers of a higher grade. I
object, because I believe it is a departure from
former practice. These men were employed
by the (jrovornment, and say that they have
received their pay regularly. In 1803 the
patent fund was found to be insufficient. Con-
gress passed a law that when the patent fund
was realized the Commissioner should pay
them. They all say they have received their
salary from 1SG1, according to their commis-
sions, but inasmuch as heretofore some other
officers have received something additional
we are asked to grant these patties additional
compensation.
Mr. JENCKTCS. Mr. Speaker, an answer
to the objection of the gentleman from Illinois
may be made briefly and conclusively. Laws
pushed previously to 1801 authorized the Com-
missioner of Patents to pay assistant exam-
iners for doing the duty of chief examiners.
These assistant examiners'^ere requested to
perform the duties of a higher grade on ex-
pectation they would be paid additional for
the performance of these duties.
This is not au appropriaiion fiom theTreas-
ury. These men have earned every dollar
they ask for. They earned it at the request
of the chief of the bureau, and the chief of the
