1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1243
any member of tlie House to name another
bituminous coal company than the Westmore- |
land Company that has paid or earned a div- :
idend in the last three years on the eastern
slope of the mountains. Give them protec-
tion equal to the taxes, direct and incidental,
which you impose upon them, and you will find
that instead of the product of 1867 being but
two million tons, as it was last year, _we can
produce ninety-live million tons, as England
did in that same year. Our liclds arc broader
and richer than hers and those of Nova Scotia
combined. They are scattered from the mount-
ain above the clouds, on the brows of which
Hooker and his brave comrades fought, east-
ward anil northward and westward all over our
country.
MESSAGE I'ilOJI THE SEXATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate by Mr. McDonald, its Chief
Clerk, informed the House that the Senate had
passed bill of the House No. 201, to declare
the meaning of certain parts of the internal
revenue act, approved June 80, 1804. and for
other purposes, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ash the concurrence o' the
House.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
TRADE WITH BRITISH AMERICA AGAIN.
Mr. KELLEV. Give them but that meas-
ure of protection which under the weight of
taxation they bear will secure an equal chance
in our markets, and they will give you an ade-
quate supply of coal, and in two or three years
domestic competition, while it will by patron-
izing youi railroads and carrying companies
lia\e rilled your Treasury and enabled you to
reduce your scale of taxation, will bring down
the price of coal in ali our markets.
Pennsylvania, I repeat, has no special inter-
est in this question. Her interest is that the
general prosperity of the country shall be pro-
moted. We want, you manufacturers of New
Englaml to clothe the men who dig and handle
our coal: we want you men oi the Northwest
to feed the men who dig and handle our coal;
and Pennsylvania will rejoice in her share ot
the general prosperity which will then bless
our country.
Sir, I turn to the fortieth page of the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, embodying the
report of the revenue commissioners, and hnd
that in the fiscal year 186-> there wei e imported,
underthe reciprocity treaty, 13,025, -13'-! bushels,
being 405.194 tons of bituminous coal, free ol
duty,from the Biilish Provinces. There were
imported in the same year, paying a duty of
Sl'25 a ton, <j,131,00,S bushels, being 218,080
tons, from England. There were exported of
domestic production, which, as i Iuia e said, was
all or nearly all anthracite. 3,708,204 bushels,
and there were exported of foreign production
25.53(1 bushel^, making nearly 1,000 tons.
Sir, will it be said thaUbe vast coal-beds of
this country cannot supply our ".an,-. and that
we cannot increase our production! Or will any
gentleman say that a duty of Siity cehtsis enough
to protect these embarrassed but, important,
interests? I ask gentlemen to mark the fact,
that though 405,191 tons came in undei the
reciprocity treaty, free of duty, from her Prov-
inces, England Has still able to send in. and
pay SI 25'duty per ton, the enormous amount
of 218,080 tons, fs it not apparent from these
facts that we will bankrupt every bituminous
coal company m the country if we pass this bill ?
Do gentlemen say our demands in this be-
half are exorbitant", or ask why our coal can-
not bo sold cheaply as that of England and the
Provinces? I answer them in part by another
question, which is, do thev wish the American
miner to toil for the wages given to laborers
in Endi<h collieries? Sir, the heartlessness
of the"capitalists of England was never move
fully exposed than by the report of the parlia-
mentary commission appointed to inquire into
the condition of the mining population of the
country. England's shame is nowhere written
in broader or darker colors than in that report,
and I will not permit myself to believe that any
member of this House is anxious that we should
emulate that page of her history.
Our better wages for labor and our heavy
war taxes answer the suggestion thrown out.
How much England and her American Prov-
inces did to protract and aggravate the war is
known to all, and I am not willing they should
derive advantage from .their treachery. On
this subject I quote a few lines from a letter
from an intelligent coal operator :
" It is almost impossible to compute precisely the
amount ol revenue that Government reaps from a
ton of bituminous coal, but tlie fairest way to get at
it wit! bo to take the cost, of putting the article on
board vessel before the war, (or in I860,) $3 -50 per
ion, as compared with the present cost, seven dollars
per ton, making an increase in the actual cost of
j.i 50 per ton. This iimcw is in the main occa-
sioned by the taxes which have been levied in order
to support the Government, (which wo pay cheer-*
fully;! and they touch every article of provisions and
repaiis about the mines and railroads, as well as tlie
two and a halt per cent, upon tlie cross rate of trans-
portation and five per cent, upon the net. earnings
of the cuiryinsc companies, which, when all summed
togethei, amount to very nearly if not quite three
dollars per ton."
Sir, we are in a transition age; and here I
reply to the remark of the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] that coal ought not to be
protected. We are in a transition age in more
senses than one. We arc passing from war to
peace and from the age of iron to the ago of
steel. In a few years, if we foster our industry,
steel will supplant iron in almost all the uses to
which it is now applied. Sir, coal and iron are
the muscles of modern civilization ; and fire—
ignited coal—is the material force that is impel-
ling us onward and upward. Had the southern
States had equal mastery with us of these ele-
ments, 1 doubt whether we would yet have made
conquest over them. 1 query whether the re-
sult might not have been otherwise than it was.
What w ere Vulcan and the, Cyclops to an Amer-
ican mechanic handling a steam-engine or a
trip-hammer? We live in a new age. Old my-
thologies and traditions serve but to hamper us.
We must adapt ourselves to the agencies by
which wc arc surrounded and the exigencies in
which wc are involved.
Sir, when the consular wreath first, graced
the brow of Napoleon he had only conquered
Italv, which, ill the somewhat boastful language
of the historian, extended "from the Alps to
the 1 'apal dominions." And what had he done?
Whv, sir, all that Italy which he had conquered,
( ou'ld it be li fled bodily, could be set down com-
fortably within the limits of the State of Maine
or of South Carol inn. He, had never then com-
manded so many men as Bnrnside marched
through the city of Washington when taking
his single corps to swell the grand army of
Lieutenant General Grant in the Wilderness.
How was it that we could move such masses of
men. light this war over the broadest, theater of
international or civil war known to history, and
conclude it in little more than four years? It
was because wc used coal and iron as our mus-
cles, and fire,— ignited coal—a=- our force. These
gave us New Orleans, and battered down Fort
Fisher.
And I may add that, had there been a well-
stocked railroad from Moscow to tho Kliino, j
Napoleon's retreat would have been marked by i
fewer horrors, and the history of the nineteenth |
century would not probably have read as it does. |
And if the chairman of the Committee of j
Ways and Means desires to secure us a respecta- !
hie posit ion among the nations, he will not strike |
down, disparage, or neglect the coal and iron j
interests of the country, io subserve any inter- ;
e=t of his own, his State, or section. They are l
the primordial elements of our greatness, and j
should be cherished above all others. Look j
at their power. Deltoid a woman with an hon I
machine before her mot ing noiselessly: it is
impelled by coal and iron fashioned into an
engine, and is doing more woik in one day
than one hundred such women could have done
in a week one century ago. Or see yonder
pallid little girl attending such a machine; she
will produce results in one day that would have
taxed the industry of her grandmother fof a
year. The power of those delicate people is
not superhuman; it is coal and iron that pro-
duce these more than magical results.
The gentleman doubts whether the produc-
tion of coal can or should bo stimulated, and
is willing we should depend on our most power-
ful and our nearest enemies for this elemental
substance. The country will not respond to
such purblind patriotism. And the passage to
this bill will reduce us to such abject depend-
ence.
' In eleven' months of 1805—I do not go back
to 1SG1, but take the first eleven months of
1865-, of last year—sixty-six per cent, of the
bituminous eoal consumed in the States'east
of Pennsylvania was mined by the laborers of
Britain or of the British Provinces. Let me
prove this. The amount of bituminous coal
received at Boston and New York from the
British Provinces, free of duty, to the 1st of
December, 1805, was 302,158 tons. The amount
of English coal received at the same points
during the same period,-which paid a tax of
§1 25 per ton, was 103,723; total foreign eoal,
495,891 tons. The amount of coal produced
in the United States, delivered during the same
period at the same points, was but 287,874
tons ; balance in favor of foreign coal, 208,874
tons—one coal company in tho British Prov-
inces declaring dividends of one hundred and
seventy-five per cent, in a year, and but one of
the hundreds of companies in our country able
to declare a dividend of one per cent., making
a contrast, so unfavorable to us that many of
our enterprising people, as was shown yester-
day by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F.
Thomas,] abandoned their country and em-
barked their capital in the coal regions of Nova
Scotia. Can wc strengthen our country by ex-
porting enterprise, industry, and capital?
And is it not marvelous that such an exhibit
against us can be made, in view of the facts
that our bituminous coal-fields are so much
broader and richer than those of England and
Nova Scotia combined, and that we depend for
the support Of our Government and its credit
upon taxes derived in great part from the forge,
the furnace, tho foundcry, tho railroad, the
machine shop, the coal-bed, and iron mines?
Are gentlemen willing to perpetuate the malign
influence that has produced a state of facts so
disparaging to our intelligence, patriotism, and
interests? No; I believe they will agree with
me that the lime has arrived when we should
develop our own resources, foster American
labor, and guard our own interests. One effect
of the reciprocity treaty has been to send^ to
Canada one million five hundred thousand im-
migrants who, but for the ad-vantages it gave
tho" Provinces over us, would have swelled our
population. Let us now, by taking care of our
own people, induce them to comc and share
our burdens and blessings.
Sir, I have, said that I would not legislate
with reference to the Provinces under the influ-
ence of fear or hate. It would indeed be unwise,
for these people will 3~et be our countrymen.
When British free trade, preventing, as it over
does to the people of British Provinces, the
diversification of their industry, shall have
impoverished their soil and repelled lrami-
n-ration from their shores; when that system
of British free trade which keeps those upon
whom it is inflicted at hard labor in the pro-
duction of white crops, has impoverished their
fields as it has those of our old States, and
reduced them to oft-recuning bankruptcy, as
it inevitably must; and when adequate protec-
tion to our labor shall have developed our
boundless lesources, and generous* wages in-
vited to our shores tho skilled laboreis of the
world, the contrast between our condition and
! that of the people of the Provinces will impel
1 them to unite their destiny with ours, and then
I shall, or mv posterity will, be ready to greet
them cordially as compatriots. _
Sir, what do we get m ret urn for the immeas-
urable degradation proposedby this bill? Why,
