1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 7,
sir, we get the right to navigate the St. Law-
rence and to patronize the canals and railroads
of Canada, and the right to cut lumber—mark
you, "the right to cut lumber or timber of any
kind on that portion of the American territory
in the State of Maine watered by the river St.
John and its tributaries, and when floated down
that river to the sea to ship the same to the
United States from the Province of New Bruns-
wick without any export duty or other duty.''
I take it, sir, that these rights will not be long
withheld from us, even if we determine to give
the American laborer a fair field in which to
compete with those of England and her Prov-
inces.
Let me pause for a moment to say to the gen-
tleman that his statement of the amount of coal
imported and exported is more plausible than
candid in a respect not yet noticed. It is ap-
praised at ad valorem prices, which are specie
prices in the land from which it is exported ;
while ours is calculated at currency prices.
This fact must be borne in mind in making the
calculations of relative quantities. -
But to resume and conclude. Sir, to get
these rights we give precisely the same rights
in larger degree and with greater advantage
to the British colonists. We will therefore
get them without this bill. I do not wish to
acquire them by force. I am anxious to see
them granted reciprocally by our country and'
the Provinces ; but not as this bill does it.
It can be done by treaty or by act of Con-
gress ; hut be thht as it may, do not lot us agree
to destroy the fisheries of New England, the
salt-works of West Virginia, the lumber busi-
ness of the Northwest and of Maine, and the
bituminous coal-works of the whole country,
as the price of the privilege of yielding more
specifically and in kind than we get.
No, sir; let us maintain our rights, our in-
terests, and our country's dignity. Lotus go on
our way as (hough there were no British Prov-
inces; and the mere action of British legisla-
tion. constraining their people, as .1 have already
paid, to unrequited agricultural labor, will make
them sigh for our prosperity. And then we
shall find that the American Constitution is as
clastic as it is grand and enduring. It has ex-
panded to embrace immense tracts of territory.
Our liai* has swept from the limits of the ori-
ginal thirteen States to the Pacific, and south-
ward to the llio Grande; and, sir, when the
people of Canada shall, as they will if we pro-
tect our labor, ask to unite their destinies with
ours, the world will rcceivo additional proof
that when Providence impelled our fathers to
the creation of our Government, it gave Ihcm
thi! wisdom to bless us witli a Constitution which
is the lit canopy of a continent, and will yet
crown one.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, 1 more that
the committee rise for the purpose of terminat-
ing debate, unless we can have an understand-
ing, by the unanimous consent of the commit-
tee, that general debate shall close after one
hour, to be divided among some three or four
gentlemen.
'Clio CHATRMAN. Unanimous consent is
asked that debate terminate in one hour.
Mr. DIUOUS. I object.
The motion that the committee rise was not
agreed to ; there being—ayes thirty-one, noes
not counted.
Mr. DRICJGS. Mr. Chairman, I do not in-
tend to occupy the attention of the House for
more than ten or fifteen minutes ; and I shall
confine my remarks especially to the duty pro-
posed to be laid upon the article of Canadian
lumber.
I understood the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morkill] to promise that he would not
call up the bills in relation to the duties 011 salt
and lumber until such members of this House
as were interested had an opportunity to ap-
pear before the Committee of YVaysand Means
to explain the reasons why they deem the du-
ties fixed upon these two articles by Hie com-
mittee are too low. With this understanding,
I confess, Mr. Chairman, that I was much sur-
prised when the bill under consideration was
called up yesterday without such opportunity
having been afforded.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman did speak
to me in relation to salt, and I gave him a
promise that he should be heard before the
Committee of Ways and Means. I am surprised
now that he makes complaint that he has not
been allowed full opportunity of explaining his
views before the committee as to the article of
salt, which is not embraced in this bill, and
which the committee have not considered. When
they do he will have his opportunity; but I
never gave the gentleman any assurance as to
lumber.
Mr. DRIGGS. Then there has been a mis-
understanding. I certainly meant to include in
my remarks the articles of salt and lumber. As
the gentleman explains that he did not under-
stand me as including lumber, I of course ac-
cept the explanation.
Mr. Chairman, the object of my remarks this
mo"rning is with a view of convincing the House
that the duty imposed by this bill upon manu-
factured Canadian lumber is entirely too low
to place the American lumberman on an equal-
ity with the Canadian. The reasons, Mr. Chair-
man, why this is so are very plain and simple.
In the first place the stumpagc, as the lum-
bermen call it, or the cost of the lumber in the
tree, is only about fifty cents per thousand feet
in Canada, while it is from two to five dollars
in the States, in the next place, the transpor-
tation to the entire e.astcrn market is much
shorter from the lumber regions of Canada than
from the forests of Michigan and Wisconsin.
Then the cost of labor in flic, States over that
of Canada, when added to the internal revenue
taxes, makes a diffeience of at least two dollars
per thousand feet in favor of Canada, and all
together a discrimination in favor of Canadian
lumber of at least four dollars per thousand.
The duty fixed by the committee in the hill
under consideration on lumber not worth over
seven dollars per thousand is one dollar per
thousand; on all lumber worth not over twelve
dollars, nor under seven dollars per thousand,
two dollars per thousand; while the duty pro-
posed by the amendment is three dollars per
thousand on all manufactured pine lumber,
liven this will not, as we claim, be a protective
tariff; nor will it place the American laborer
on an equal footing with the Canadian; but
we hope, by the superior skill of our manufactur-
ers, that they will be able to compete with their
Canadian neighbors.
Mr. Chairman, it is well known that a supe-
rior article of white pine east of the Mississippi
in our country is found mostly in the States of
Michigan and Wisconsin, and (hat it is rapidly
diminishing and passing away, never to be again
replaced, it requiring nearly a century for its
perfect growth. It is supposed by many that
the manufacturing of lumber is a very profita-
able business ; but this is a great mistake, the
profits chiefly being made by the capitalists and
speculators, who stand between the producer
atid consumer. And 1 assert, Mr. Chairman,
what I know to be true, that not one half of the
lumber producers of northern Michigan, after
pursuing their business for years, have been
able to meet their notes at maturity, and that
most of them are to-day poor. I am opposed
to an ad valorem duty 011 lumber for the reason,
mainly, that it will be impossible to have such
a duty honestly collected. All the higher qual-
ities imported from Canada will be brought in
mixed with the lower qualities, to be separated
and reinspeeted in the States; and thus all
Canadian lumber will be brought in at one dol-
lar duty per thousand, instead of higher duties,
as proposed by the bill. To prevent this, Mr.
Chairman, it will require a swarm of custom-
house officers along the entire border from Lake
Superior to Augusta, Maine, whoso united sal-
aries would amount to more than the entire
duty collected on importations from Canada.
I willadd, sir, that the district which I repre-
sent is largely interested in the lumber trade ;
and that I am as much in favor as the gentle-
man from Ohio or any other of producing lum-
ber as cheaply as possible. But I promised
not to take up much time, and I will conclude
by offering the following amendment:
Pago 2, lino twelve, after the word " pine," insert
" when manufactured into boards or plank, three dol-
lars per one thousand feet."
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I rise
not to make a speech, in the ordinary accepta-
tion of the term, but to call attention to the
bill and its particular provisions. I look upon
it as the most important bill that will come be-
fore the House at this session of Congress. It
is a sort of twofold bill, a bill carryiag a great
deal more than actually appears upon its face. '
It is a sort of treaty "made with this House,
without asking the Senators to take the re-
sponsibility which belongs to them under the
Constitution.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the consideration which
ought to influence this House is this: whether
there should bo any reciprocity treaty or not.
That is the first thing to be considered. If we
are to have a reciprocity treaty, 1 do not know
any individual to whom I would intrust the
making of it so much as to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. lie under-
stands the subject thoroughly, as thoroughly as -
anybody in the country. Indeed, you can hardly
speak of'tariff without thinking of Mr. Morrill,
or of Mr. Morrill without thinking of the tariff.
Morrill and tariff are synonymous, just like
Lincoln and liberty.
If we are not to have a reciprocity treaty, I
have nothing to say about the details of it.
Every gentleman upon this floor understands
the interests of his constituents, and each one
will cometo conclusions for himself. I will pass
by, then, all that appertains to the tariff proper,
only making this suggestion, if we should con-
clude not to have a recipi-oeity treaty, to refer
this bill back to the Committee of Ways and
Means with instructions to report a bill conform-
ing this tariff to the one now in existence. In
looking over the House, 1 find a great many
gentlemen who would much rather have that
tariff. We would then have a uniformity of
tariff.
There is agreatdealofreasoninwliatthegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [ Mr. Kelley] has
said as to singling out the British Provinces for
our favor. £ think we should treat all nations
alike, and have but one tariff for all nations.
If we are to have a tariff, I will leave the pres-
ent bill in the hands of men who are able to
defend it.
Now, the next reciprocity treaty you find 111
section nine. It roads thus :
Seo. 0. And be it further cnacted, That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to terminate or suspend
the provisions of this? act, or any section or sections
thereof, and as to the whole or part of the 33iitish
North American colonies,-by giving public notice of .
such termination or suspension, when ever in insopin-
lon it may appear just and proper, or whenever tho
following privileges, or any of them, shall not he ac-
corded and secured to tho citi7ons and inhabitants
of the United States, namely, &c.
I do not know what treaty there is behind
this. I' do not know but the Secretary of the
'Treasury, the Secretary of State, and the Brit-
ish embassador here may have a treaty which
will come down flat upon us as soon as this is
passed. It may be a good one, and it may be
a bad one; but as a Representative from one
congressional district here I should like to see
it. If there is to be a treaty the two Senators
from my State can take their proper share of
responsibility. We arc contending about these
small provisions of the bill when they {nay
amount to nothing two hours after the bill is
passed. Who knows how soon the President
of the United Slates will suspend it?
As to the advantages of a reciprocity treaty, ,
I find that depends upon the locality from
which a man comes. Men from one locality say
that it is advantageous, and others from another
locality say that it is disadvantageous. I think
if wc do without a treaty for sixty or ninety.
days it would speak for itself. 'The treaty ex-
pires on the 17th of March. There is no rea-
son why we should hurry in this matter. I
