#124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
an...
to be  
the association.
I hold. In my hand the annual report of the
association in this District that have in charge
the destitute eolore.d women and children. This
association was organized by an act of Congress
approved February 14, 1863. It has hitherto
been supported mainly by voluntary contribu-
tions. General Howard has made a report in
reference to it, from which I will read a few
extracts. The president of the association is
Mrs. Benjamin F. Wade, the vice-president
Mrs-. George W. McLellan, the treasurer Mrs.
Germond Crandell, and the secretary Miss
Eliza Heacock. Among the executive com-
mittee appear the names of Mrs. Lyman Trum-
bull, Mrs. General 0. 0. Howard, Mrs. D. N.
Cooiey, and other ladies of the District. The
trustees are Messrs. A. M. Gangewer, S. J.
Boweri, and Charles King.
A report to General Howard, from the com-
missioner appointed by him, speaks of it as
follows:
" In accordance with your directions I have care-
fully examined the conduct of the National Asso-
ciation, incorporated by act of Congress, approved
February It, 18W. for tlie relief of destitute colored
women and children, and find it favorably situated,
in f,6od condition, savins much suffering, and serv-
ing also aa excellent purpose in triuningforvirtuous
citizenship maaiy outcast children. Sixty children aro
noff in it."
That was true at the time of the report. There
aro more in it now. It goes on to state that
the expenses monthly per capita are about
$11 ID, but the superintendent assures him
that this amount can be reduced to about nine
dollars per capita.
'''They need," says this report to General
Howard, "for annual expenditure not less
than $10,000 to meet current expenses."
A few individuals have hitherto contributed
the sum necessary. One gentleman from Bir-
mingham, iu England, sent £100. That is the
only amount that I know of that has been con-
tributed abroad. The commissioner further
says:
" X bcliove the asylum deserves your indorsement,
and should rcceivo the favorable considera tion of the
charitable public."
This is signed by "John Baton, jr., colonel
and assistant commissioner of the hVeedmen's
Bureau."
General Howard adds:
" I earnestly commend the Georgetown asyluia,
and hope our benevolent friends in the country will
aid the trustees in putting it on a permanent basis."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
from Kansas if this amendment is reported
"from a committee.
Mr. POMEEOY. I stated in the beginning
that I was authorized by the Committee on the
District of Columbia to propose this amend-
ment. I will only add—for I do not want to
take up time—that this institution has been
well conducted and lias been very well sup-
ported during the war from voluntary contri-
butions, but it is one of those cases that does
not come exactly within the law authorizing
the Frecdmcn's Bureau to make any expendi-
ture. The persons for whom it makes provis-
ion are not refugees, they are not freedmen;
they are children picked up by the wayside who
are either orphans or worse than orphans. They
are gathered into this institution and supported
at the expense of charitable individuals. Our
contributions during tho war for sanitary and
other purposes were so great and our appro-
priations by Congress so large, that the trustees
thought they would, if they could, get along
without askingany aid from Congress; but they
have now asked, as the amendment shows, an
appropriation of only one half of the current
expenses this year, leaving the other half to be
collected from charitable individuals. The two
extremes of human life are in this institution,
the very aged who are unable to care for them-
selves, and the very young who have no one to
care for them. Very aged females occupy their
lime in taking care of tho little ones. They
are very useful in that regard, but they cannot
earna livelihood from their labor. I spent last
-Sabbath at the institution, and was deeply in-
terested in the progressthelittle ones had made,
and I think it strongly commends itself for a
small appropriation of $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to report the. follow-
ing amendment:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid
to Donohue, Ryan & Sccor, builders of the iron-clad
monitor Camanche, in accordance with the estimate
and allowances, the sum of $179,993 80 upon the loss
sustained by the parties named in the construction
ot the Camanche, and the Secretary of the Treasury
is directed to pay the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of order
that that is a private claim. It cannot be at-
tached to an appropriation bill. It is not
claimed to be in pursuance of law, but a mere
private indemnity.
Mr. NYE. I think the Senator will see by
looking at the law authorizing the construction
of these iron-elads 
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe these points of
order are settled without debate on the face
of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clakk
in the chair.) They are settled without debate
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no doubt
it is a private claim.
Mr. NYE. I think there is very great doubt
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that it must be regarded as a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. NYE. Then, with great respect to the
opinion of the Chair, I propose to take the
sense of the Senate upon that question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; let us have
the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada appeals from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. NYE. Is that question debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. I suppose the Senator from
Ohio objects to this amendment under the
thirtieth rule, which reads:
" No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be recoived to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be mado to carry out the provisions of
some existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standing or select commit-
tee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from the head of some of the Departments; and no
amendment shall bo received whose object is to pro-
vide for a private claim, unless it be to carry out the
provisions of an existing law or a treaty stipula-
tion."
In February, 1862, a law was passed by Con-
gress authorizing the Secretary of the Navy " to
cause to be constructed, by contract or other-
wise, as he shall deem best for the public ser-
vice, not exceeding twenty iron-clad steam gun-
boats for the use of the Navy of the United
States." I suppose that the law authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to construct these
iron-clads carried with it the power to con-
tract, superintend, and build them ; and it au-
thorized him and made it obligatory upon him
to pay for them.
The Senator from Ohio will remember this
case, I trust. Some weeks ago I had the honor
to report a bill paying all these naval con-
structers twelve per cent, on the contract price
for damages sustained. This claim is a claim
that the Committees of both Houses on Naval
Affairs and all parties concerned raised no
possible objection to the justice of, but all ad-
mitted that it ought to be paid. The distin-
guished chairman of the Naval Committee, of
which I have the honor to be an humble mem-
ber, with all his scrutiny, said here upon the
floor repeatedly of the Camanche, that there
was no question but that this amount was hon-
estly due, and ought to be paid to those who
built her.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the question as
a matter of convenience, whether it is in order
to debate the merits of a proposition on the
mere question as to whether it is a private
claim. I can stay here as well as other Sena-
tors ; wo have to pass this bill to-night if we
mean to adjourn on Saturday; and I ask the
Chair whether it is in order to discuss the mer-
its of the claim, whether it is a just claim or not,
on the question whether it is a private claim.
That is the only point now before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I merely suggested that point to
show the justice of the claim and to appeal to
the Senator from Ohio if there was here a
mere question of technicality interposing to
prevent justice being done to waive it. I hope
the Senate will disregard a mere technicality
that is disregarded on every appropriation bill
everyyear, more or less. It is impossible that
any claim, general in its character as it may
be, does not inure to the benefit of individ-
uals. These general appropriations are all, in
one sense, to inure to tho benefit of certain
individuals.
Now, sir, the law authorizing tho construc-
tion of a certain number of iron-clads—and it
being a conceded fact that the Camanche was
one of the twenty authorized to be constructed—■
it being agreed by the Department and by both
committees to whidh the case has been referred
that there is this amount due upon its construc-
tion, I insist upon it that this amendment is
not to provide for a private claim within the
sense of the thirtieth rule, so as to be excluded.
It is to carry out the provision of the law of
February, 1862, for 1 shall not be told by the
Senator from Ohio, I trust, that it is not as
much a part of the obligation to pay as it is to
construct, and upon that I am willing to take
the sense of the Senate for my rule and guide
of action.
I ought to state one thing, perhaps, that the
action on the general bill passed by the Sen-
ate and sent to the House has been deferred
until next December. Now, I happen to know
that this money thus justly due is crushing and
grinding one of the worthiest men of this coun-
try to the very earth by the interest he is pay-
ing. It is utterly ruinous; and to defer this
on a mere question of forced technicality I in-
sist upon it is not fair. It will cost the Govern-
ment no more, I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio, to pay it here than it will at any other
time. It is acknowledged to be due; the
scrutiny of two committees has declared so;
the Navy Department has declared so; and!
trust that no little technicality here will so
warp the judgment of the Senate as to say that
these men shall be further and totally demol-
ished upon a mere question of what I consider
forced technicality.
Mr SHERMAN. I suppose that in calling
for the enforcement of the rules of the Senate
I simply do my duty. Not to do it would be
to create "confusion worse confounded.''
Here the rule of the Senate plainly denies to
any one, even to a committee, to propose a
private bill as an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill, for the simple reason that whi^g you
are considering general appropriations for
future expenditures you cannot stop to con-
sider all the private claims that may have
arisen in the past. The rule is founded upon
the necessity of the case, upon common sense,
and upon parliamentary law. The Chair has
decided that this is a private claim. The Sen-
ator scarcely disputes that proposition ; but he
asks the Senate to overrule the decision, not
that he disputes that the measure is a private
claim, but because the claim is a just one. It
is to avoid the discussion of that very question
at this period of time on the appropriation
bills that this rule is made ; and wo have no
right, when the question is left to the Senate,
to decide it by saying this is a just claim. The
purpose of the rule is to exclude all private
claims, whether just or unjust, simply because,
while a general appropriation billis pending,
it is wrong as a matter of parliamentary prin-
ciple to encumber that bill with private claims,
whether just or unjust. That this is a private
claim no man can question; and that is the
only question submitted to us for our judicial
opinion. It is money due to an individual for
past services, whether just or unjust is not the
question.
Mr. NYE. Under an existing law.
