ISO.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
acquired from Mexico, the arguments in oppo-
sition -were met by the cry of'1 amalgamation.''
Negro equality was their covering cry, during
their long struggle, through fraud and violence^
to force slavery on the unwilling people ot
Kansas. When slavery was abolished in the
District of Columbia, "Amalgamation and ne-
gro equality'' was bellowed by that party all over
the land. When the great and good President
issued his proclamation of emancipation, they
again screamed " Amalgamation _ and negro
equality; "and the cry came still ag^in in terrible
shrieks when slavery was forever prohibited by
amendment of the Constitution. 1 his is a stand-
ing argument with the Opposition, and is brought
out on all occasions when any legislation is pro-
posed touching the interest of the colored popu-
lation. Even on so trifling an occasion as the
passage of a law at the last session allowing
these people to ride in the street cars of this
city, a cry of horror was sent over the country
■ that I thought would startle the whole Anglo-
Saxon race to its feet in defense of its blood; but
I soon saw that nobody was scared, and we all
now see that nobody was hurt. Let our sensi-
tive friends compose their nerves and try to tell
us how a little enlargement of the elective fran-
chise, over small and purely local matters in
this District, will result in marriage between the
two races. It is fright that makes you mistake
a ballot for a billet-doux. It cannot be possible
that any man of common sense can bring him-
self to believe that marriages between any per-
sons, much less between white and colored
people, will take place because a colored man is
allowed to drop a little bit of paper in a box,
thereby intimating who he considers the fittest
person to be mayor of this city. It is too tri-
fling for argument.
We are again told that their average ability
is below that of the white race. How do you
know that? The colored man has never ex-
hibited equal ability, to be sure, but ho has
never had equal opportunities. The forbidding
statutes of the South attest the capacity of the
negro. If they really believed his mind was so
feeble, why bind it with such heavy chains ? If
he was incapable of learning, why piohibit, it
with the penitentiary? Their theories proved
he was weak, but their legislation acknowledged
he was strong. They debased him by law to
fit him for slavery, and justified slavery because
he was debased. So in this District the with-
holding opportunities of improvement is justi-
fied on the ground of his inferiority, and his
inferiority is shown by his lack of improvement.
But suppose the white race is superior, does it
follow that the inferior race should be deprived
of any authoritative mode of making its wants
known to the Government? If mind is to be
made the test of suffrage, a great many noisy
declaimers against the negro will lose their
votes. As a general rule, the men least fitted
to vote are the warmest advocates of exclusion.
They apprehend, with much reason, that they
may be distanced in the race if the black mail
is not forced to carry weight. Such men should
beware how they advocate a theory that would
jeopardize their own votes if made universal.
But it is further said that whatever their capac-
ity, they are at least uneducated now. That
would be but a short-lived objection if true,
and not solely applicable to people of color.
But it is not true of the largest portion of the
colored people in this District. Is" early all of
them can read, and the scholarship of many
is of a very high order. The whole objection
is easily obviated by an educational qualifica-
tion.
Another objection, very much relied upon, is
that a majority of the white population lierp
are opposed to it. ^ A prominent man charged
with a high crime in Pennsylvania allr-ged that
the hostility and prejudice of the people in the
county where lie was indicted would deprive
him of a fair trial, and asked the Legislature to
grant him a change of venue. The people of
that county remonstrated, and submitted tofho
Legislature that they were the fittest persons to
try him. because they knew he was guilty. If
the people here were generally consenting to
this enlargement of the franchise its necessity
would be less apparent. It is because the negro
is hated in this city, and justice denied him by
prejudiced officials, that his vote is necessary for
his own protection. Every vote against him
at-this pretended election was an argument in
his favor. I know that the prejudices, errone-
ous sentiments, and even vices of the people
should be somewhat regarded in legislation,
and that vested wrongs supposed to be vested
rights should be divested very slowly. But
what less can we do in this direction than is
proposed to be done by this bill, namely, to be-
stow the elective franchise upon a handful of
men, who, as a body, are intelligent, sober,
peaceable, and industrious, and in a District
where only local officers are chosen, and over
which our right to legislate cannot be ques-
tioned. It must be opposed, not upon the
ground that it is going too fast or granting too
much at first, but upon the ground that, in that
direction no step should be taken—nothing
granted now, nor forever; that this is exclu-
sively a white man's Government and the col-
ored man is his slave. This is a rebel heresy
entirely exploded by the war. We are coming
back to the doctrine of our fathers. In the
Continental Congress they asserted that "all
'men are created free and equal." They sub-
sequently made the Constitution to accord with
this sentiment, and for forty years, and as long
as they lived to administer it, negroes were
allowed to vote in all the old States except,
perhaps. South Carolina. Both the precept and
practice of our fathers refute the allegation that
this is exclusively a white man's Government.
If we cannot now consent to so slight a recog-
nition, as proposed by this bill, of' the great
underlying theory of our Government, as de-
clared and practiced by our lathers, we are
thrown back upon that new and monstrous
doctrine that the five millions of our colored
population and their posterity forever have no
rights that a white man is bound to respect.
Who pronounces this crushing sentence ? The
political South; and what is this South? The
southern master and his northern minion.
Have these people wronged the South ? Have
they filled it with violence, outrage, and mur-
der? No, sir, they are remarkably gentle, pa-
tient, and respectful. Have they despoiled its
wealth or diminished its grandeur? No.-sir,
their unpaid toil has made the material South.
They removed the forests, cleared the fields,
built the dwellings, churches, colleges, cities,
highways, railroads, and canals. Why, then,
does the South hate and persecute these peo-
ple? Because it has wronged them. Injustice
always hates its victim. They are forced to
look to the North forjustice. And what is the
North? Not the latitude of frosts; not Now
England and the States that border on the lakes,
the Mississippi, and the Pacific. The geograph-
ical is lost in the political meaning of the word.
The North, in a political sense, means justice,
liberty, and union, and in the order in which I
name them. Jefferson defined this "North''
when he wrote "all men are created equal, en-
dowed by their Creator with certain inalienable
rights, among which are life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness.': This North has no geo-
graphical boundaries. It embraces the friends
of freedom in every quarter of this great He-
public. Many of its bravest champions, like
our still unstolen Republican President, hails
from the geographical South. "Che North, that
did not fear the slave power in its prime, in
] the day of its political strength and patronage,
] when it commanded alike the nation and the
.] mob, and for the same cruel purpose, will not
jj be intimidated by its expiring maledictions
J; around this capital. The North must pass this
| bill, to vindicate its sincerity and its courage.
I The slave power has already learned that the
I North is terrible in war and forgiving and gen-
ii tie in peace : let its crushed and manaled vic-
tims learn from the pas-age of this bill"that the
justice of the North, unlimited bv lines of lati-
tude, unlimited by color or race, sluinberoth
not.
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor,
Mr. STEVENS. If my colleague will yield
to me, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 would be obliged if the
gentleman would permit me to go on this after-
noon.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, certainly; 1 thought the
gentleman would prefer an adjournment,
Mr. KELLEY. What I have to say is un-
written, and 1 prefer to go on while the glow is
on me. Mr. Speaker, in asking the consider-
ation of the House to the bill now before it, I
was actuated by no temporary impulse, no gust
of passion. I did it in view of the responsibil-
ity that rests upon this Congress, and in view
of the gravity of the questions which mark the
era in which w e live.
I n preparing to begin the work of reconstruct-
ing the grandest of human Governments, shat-
tered for a time by treason, and in endeavoring
to ascertain what we should do and how and
when it should be done, I haye consulted no
popular impulse. Groping my way through the
murky political atmosphere that has prevailed
for more than thirty years, I have seated my-
self at the feet of the fathers of our country that
1 might, as far as my suggestions would go make
them in accordance with the principles of those
who constructed our Government. I can make
no suggestion for the improvement of the pri-
mary principles or general structure of our
Government, and I would heal its wounds so
carefully that it should descend to posterity
unstained andunmarred as it came, under the
guidance of Providence, from the hands of those
who fashioned it. Sir, let us ascertain, if we
can, whether they have furnished us guides for
this trying hour. I am denounced as a radical.
Thank God ! the term is coming to be honora-
ble. Men know that he only is a radical who
stands by the eternal principles which God or-
dained, and one such, having the Almighty with
him, is ever in the majority. I come to my
duty, however, with Washington and Madison
to guide me, and 1 find that the term "radi-
cal" did not frighten them.
In the first volume of the Madison Papers,
page 287, I find a letter from Madison, written
at New York, April 16,1787, to General Wash-
ington. Mark the date and consider the duty
in which Madison and Washington were then
engaged, or about to engage. No other era in
American history is so analogous to this of ours
as that, was. Ours is, as I have said, the work
of reconstruction. They were contemplating
or engaged in the work of construction. The
Confederacy had failed, fallen to pieces, was
almost as dead as the late confederacy of the
southern States. The Union did not yet exist;
it had to be created. The principles that guided
those to whom that great work was confided we
may safely adopt. "Dear sir," said James
Madison to Washington,
"I have been honored with your letter of the 31st
March, and find, with much pleasure, that your views
ot the reform, which on '-'lit, to bo pursued by the Con-
vention, give a sanction to those 1 entertained. Tem-
porizing applications uill dishonor the eouaeth vhich
propose them, and may iomeut the intciut;l malignity
of the disease, at the same time that they produce an
ostensible palliation of it. Radical attempts, although
unsuccessful, will at least justify the authors of them.''
I turn now to the Federalist, No. tfO, to a
paper also from the pen of James Madison,
examining "the conformity of the plan of (gov-
ernment to republican principles/5 in which he
says:
"The first question that offers itself is, whether the
general torm u.ndjj>pect of the Gov.'i nmentbe ^tiictiy
republican? It in evident that no other lorm would
bereeoncihible with the senilis of the people of Amer-
ica; with the fundamental principles of the lievolu-
tion; or icith that honorable Jctcr//iiti<.di<j/i xchl^h ani~
motes ever]/ votary r,f fncdom, to r<M nil our political
ej.perimnit<? on the cuf>arit>/ of uianhiwlfor vdj-'fowrn-
mcnt. If the plan of the Convention, therefoie, be
found to depart from the republican charm-tor. its
advocates muse abandon it as no longer defensible/'
<: x * A •<
/'It is mmiinl to «?uch a (xovermncnt that it be de-
rived iron) the great body of the society, not from an
ineon^derable proportion, or a iavoml class of it;
otherwise a haiuliul oi tvianm<*al nobles:, exercising
their oppre^ion^ by a delegation of th'-ir powers,
might ji'-pire to the rank of republicans, and claim,
for their (fovernxnent the honorable title of republic/'
He does not seem to have agreed with my
distinguished colleague fron> the sixth district,
