1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
take it for granted Congress is not going to
adjourn very soon. I have hoard, however, of
a recess being taken; but there is no proba-
bility this Congress will adjourn until after
we shall have seen the practical operations of
doing without a treaty.
The Constitution says that the President shall
make treaties by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. Now, if I had my way, I
would refer this bill back to the Committee of
Ways and Means, to strike out all that relates
to a reciprocity treaty; and after sixty or
ninety days we can judge for ourselves.
As a Representative from the West, I have
sought information of what Canada could do
for us; I have asked men confidentially what
wo could demand, and they have told me she
had nothing to give us.
Now, then, to come to the Welland canal.
I would like myself to have the Welland canal
enlarged, so that vessels loaded at Chicago
might not break bulk until they reach the ocean.
They cannot do it now. And wdien we ask the
Canadians why they do not enlarge their canal
as some compensation for this favor, what is
the answer? They say they are notable to doit.
I do not feel at liberty to repeat private con-
versations which 1 had with distinguished Ca-
nadian gentlemen on this subject, but the near-
est proposition that I could get from any of
them was that they would be willing to nego-
tiate with us and see if we would not enlarge
the canal together, we to own half of it. Now,
I do not suppose that any individual in this
House believes that we are ever to own half
of anything that is in Canada.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. WEXTWORTTI. Ceitainlj.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to coirect what T
think is a misunderstanding on the part of the
gentleman. 1 do not think he fairly represents
the opinion of the Canadians on this subject.
My own impression is—and I need not say how
1 obtained it; the gentleman is cognizant of
the mode of getting knowledge on this subject
as well as myself—my own impression is that
the Canadians would enlarge the.Welland canal
for ship navigation from Chicago so that vessels
need not break bulk, provided there could be a
renewal of wdiat is called the reciprocity treaty.
Mr. WEXTWOKTII. Exactly; that is what
I was coining to. They made a very liberal
offer in lhat respect, and they asked on our
Dart a guarantee to them of our trade. 1 would
ike to see the man that would do it. 1 have
no doubt if it was in the power of this Gov-
ernment to guaranty to Canada for ten years
our trade the Canadians would take hold and
enlarge that canal. But where is the man to
execute the bond? I am as desirous of provid-
ing an outlet for the western trade as anybody,
but I have not despaired of New York yot. 1
hope there are men in that State whose pa-
triotism bears the same relation to that of De
Witt Clinton that the great New York and Erie
canal bears to tile small canal around the falls
of Niagara. I hope that the Empire State will
yet condescend to give us that little bit of a
canal..
My own State has been trying to get a canal
to connect the lakes and rivers. Despairing
of that, she has gone to work and made a eon-
tract to deepen the present canal, giving up for
the present the idea of enlarging it. And when
we have done that we hope to have the aid of
the legislation of Congress, instead of being
driven over to Canada to make a treaty with
them for an outlet, we hope to lie able to get it
from the State of New York, and if the Empire
State cannot do it herself, then we want the
nation to do it.
That is all that can be done for us out West
just now. This treaty, which depends upon
the ipse, dixit of the President of the United
States, is of no real value to us. It secures 1o
us nothing, and even if it did, it is dependent
entirely upon the whims of a man who happens
to be at the head of the Government for a short
time.
Mr Chairman, I think this bill should be
tent back to the committee for the present, be-
Fi
cause I understand the chairman to have inti-
mated to the House that in making the other
tariff bill some local matters were passed over
in relation to Canada in consequence of that
reciprocity treaty. Whatever extra legislation
is now wanted in consequence of the expira-
tion of this treaty I have no doubt this Iionse
would unanimously pass. And when wo have
secured that we could see whether this was
wanted.
I know there is one alarming state of things,
and that is the fisheries. But I take it for
granted that our New England friends will ob-
serve all the laws and treaties of this country,
and when they know that they cannot go upon
those old fishing grounds which they have so
long enjoyed, they will not do anything that will
plunge this country into difficulty on that ac-
count. If our fishermen should go there with
their vessels, I suppose tlicy will take the con-
sequences, and il' those consequences are as
serious as they are represented, then this House
would bo in session , and it will not take us long
to legislate upon the matter.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, in the last
Congress J was with my friend from Vermont,
[Mr. Moiuinx,] the experienced chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, in his in-
cessant efforts to put an end to this miscalled
reciprocity treaty. I believe I voted with him
under all circumstances, led mainly by his en-
lightened guidance, and it is therefore with no
little surprise that J find at this period, before
even the time limited, the 17th of Mareli, comes
round, that gentleman coming before us vir-
tually to renew that treaty in a modified form.
Sir, I object at the present lime to this whole
system of legislation, and the very sensible
reimuks submitted by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. "Wdxtwoiitii] relieve me from the
necessity of an argument upon it. 1 simply
say that 1 can see no reason as yet in the argu-
ment of f he chairman of the Commit tee of Ways
and Means or in the remarks from any other
quarter of the House for making a distinction
between the Canadas and the British Provinces
generally, and any other foreign country, in
regulating our national tariff.
Mr. Chairman, why do we not have a spe-
cial tariff between the United States and the
island of Cuba? That may be claimed with
the same urgency as a special tariff lor the
Canadas. The Canadas arc upon our borders.
The island of Cuba is not a great distance from
the coast of Florida or the coast of Louisiana.
Why not, then, have a special tariff for Cuba,
or for any other portion of the woild with
which we ha\e trade?
Mr. Chairman, I object to this legislation for
the reason that it is not possible—I will not
say probable—it is not possible to afford pro-
tection by specific legislation unless you afford
it to the whole country. Now, I concede to
the learned Committee of Ways and Means,
and especially to the chairman of that com-
mittee, as much disinterestedness as to any
gentlemen upon this floor, and more than I
claim for myself, because 1. know that in our
legislation here I do feel moved whenever it
touches my particular district of country. It
| must be so to some extent with my learned
I ftiend, the chairman of the Committee of
| Ways and Means : and on looking at his bill 1
i find that some of the important interests of
I Vermont are very well taken care of. not per-
j haps so much in this bill as in the general
tariff bill of the country. 1 find, for instance,
that the maibte of Vermont—and I suppose
there is marble enough in their quarries to sup-
ply the whole United States, and I am very
glad that they have that capacity—is protected
against Italian marble to the tune, 1 believe,
I of about fifty per cent. Am 1 not right in this?
i Fifty cents on the cubic loot, and in addition
| thereto twenty per cent, ad valorem. That is
I the tariff now upon Italian marble,
j Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, this is en-
• tirely foreign to the subject before the com-
| mittee. I am really surprised that so good a
; logician as my friend from Ohio should lug
-I extraneous matters into this debate. I am
perfectly willing that he shall do so, however,
if it meets his views of propriety.
In relation to this subject of marble, let me
say that my State is not alone interested in it.
I believe that the States of Massachusetts,
Maryland, Tennessee, and to some extent New
York, are likewise interested in it.
As to the point he makes, that there is a pro-
tection of fifty per cent., let me say that Ital-
ian marble is sold at the present time in New
York for $5 50 per cubic foot. I do not care
what may be its pretended value abroad, you
may estimate it at what you please, but every
man of sense must know that there'is no such
protection as fifty per cent.
Mr. SPALDING. My learned friend, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
will excuse me if in the short time during
which I shall occupy the attention of (he com-
mittee I show myself misinformed. I did not
intend any dispax-agement to the State of Ver-
mont or to the gentleman himself. I was only
illustrating my position that wo are, all of us,
actuated somewhat, not by motives of self, but
by motives which seek to aggrandize the local-
ities in which we live.
Mr. MORRILL. My reply is, that while I
have been jocosely accused by political oppo-
nents of doing what the gentleman suggests, I
have never yet been accused of it before by a
political friend.
Mr. SPA LDING. My friend will pardon me.
I say that he may do it involuntarily.
Now, I will refer to an article of which the
State of Vermont may well bo proud, its Mor-
gan horses. I believe that breed of horses is
veiy nearly peculiar to the State of Vermont.
Those horses are coveted in all parts of the
country; they arc in demand everywhere. Ver-
mont exports a vast number of those horses,
very many of them to my own section of coun-
try and to the far AVest. Now, 1 find in the
general tariff bill that all li\e animals are ad-
mitted free of duty. But in this bill my friend
has taken care to insert a duty of twenty per
cent, ad valorem on all live animals; which
will protect Morgan horses pretty well.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr Si'almxg] will allow me to interrupt him
again, 1 will say that while the reciprocity
treaty was in force of course it was proper that
the same exemptions and the same duty should
be imposed upon live animals from all parts of
the world, because we obtained none, oi very
few, except those which came from the Prov-
inces. If the gentleman will look at the prior
tariff he will find that animals were admitted at
a duty of twenty per cent, ad valorem. This
bill merely proposes to restore the same duties
that existed prior to the enactment of the reci-
procity treaty.
Mr. SPALDING. In the humble district I
represent on this floor the article of grindstones
cut a very conspicuous figure.
Mr. MORRILL. ''There's the rub."
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SPALDING. "Ay, there's the rub,"
says the gentleman; and I may as well rub on
the grindstone as anywhere else, and in time
I may become sharp enough for the gentleman
from Vermont. [Laughter.] Under thegeneral
tariff law grindstones, manufactured, were pro-
tected with a duty of twenty per cent, ad va-
lorem; unmanufactured grindstoues, ten per
■cent. In this bill grindstones, rough or unfin-
ished, are found among the articles free of duty.
Now, sir, it is an established fact that the
grindstones of Nova Scotia can be brought to
, the markets of Boston, New \ork, and Pliila-
jj delphia by sea for three dollars a ton, whereas
: it costs my constituents some eight or nme dol-
i lars a ton to transport to the same markets their
! grindstones. They are left without any pro-
| teelion whatever to compete with this great
interest of Nora Scotia.
Asain, the wheat-growing interest is some-
what extensive in the Avestern country. My
State is somewhat largely interested in it ; and
, the States of Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and other
j northwestern States are even more interested
t in it.
