1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm'
Some years afterward, gold having been dis-
covered in Georgia and North Carolina, there
was a pressure from those States upon Con-
gress in those years to establish branch mints
in those two States. Congress yielded to that
pressure and established one mint in Georgia
and another in North Carolina during the
session of 1836-07, and those mints were
in operation from the time of their establish-
ment down to the outbreak of the rebellion.
Yet the mint in Georgia, during that entire
period of time, some twen-ty-threc years, coined
only about six million dollars j and the mint
in North Carolina during the same time coined
a less sum. The committee believe that those
mints are now no longer necessary, and they
propose to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to dispose of them, and establish
assay olnces in their stead, if he deems it
expedient to do so.
A pressure was mp.de upon Congress at that
time to establish also a branch mint in the city
of New Orleans, upon commercial grounds,
because it took so much time to transfer gold
and silver from that city to the great centers
of commerce, New York and Philadelphia.
A branch mint was established there also by
the same act authorizing mints in Georgia and
North Carolina, but of the whole amount of
gold coined at New Orleans, about twenty-two
million dollars came from California after the
discovery of gold in that region.
By reference to the report of the Superin-
tendent of the Mint in Philadelphia, it will be
seen that notwithstanding we have a bianch
mint to-day at the city of Denver, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado, during the year 1805, of the
amount of bullion transferred to the various
mints and assay offices, but $380,000 wont to
the Mint in Philadelphia, but $375,000 went
to the mint in Denver, and £938,000, or nearly
a million dollars, went to the assay olfice in the
city of New York for the purpose of being
melted and assayed. It is a fact l hat gold dust
has passed by the mints of Denver and San
Francisco to New York. In confirmation of
what I say, I call attention to the following
extract from Mr. Bowles's interesting book,
Across the Continent, in which, among otlier
things, he treats of this subject of the Mint and
its branches, and says, speaking of the branch
mint at San Francisco:
"Of all the Government institutions in San Fran-
cisco, the mint is the most interesting and important.
Alieady it is the gicat manufactory of coin in the
nation, and iU comnnvntivo importance in that re-
spect is destined to increase. It coins now about
twenty millions of gold and silver a year, against live
millions coined at all the other Government mints in
the country, including the parent Mint at Philadel-
phia. The coinage here for June and J uly was nearly
thieo millions a month, and the aggregate for this
year is likely to go up to twenty-four millions. Mints
elsewhere on the Pacific coast, and in the mining
regions, are utterly unnecessary. There is one at
Denver, in Colorado, but it has nothing to do—the
gold of the Colorado and Montana mines goes light
by it, in dust and bar?, to New York and Philadel-
phia. Efforts are making to get mints in Nevada and in
Oregon, but they would only prove a waste ot money.
No local clamor of politicians, seeking home popu-
larity or contractors' jobs tor friends, should induce
Congress to yield to such demands. Two mints are
only needed for the whole country, at New York or
Philadelphia, and at San Francisco. The metals, as
soon as mined, drift at once to the commercial and
financial centers; there only can their true value be
known; there only the use to which commerce may
choosc to put them."
Mr. Speaker, the statement of the writer of
that book is confirmed by the report of the
Superintendent of the Mint at Philadelphia.
This officer, in his annual report of I8G1, depre-
cates the establishment of any more branch
mints in this country, and he says, as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means believe truthfully,
that assay offices will accomplish all that is
required in these new regions for the purpose
of developing their mineral interests. He says:
** Neither public nor private interests, national or
local considerations, require the multiplication of
branch mints for coinage. When located far from our
great commercial centers, the difficulties and expense
necessanlv attending their opeiations greatly out-
weigh every advantage that can be derived from their
establishment. The mints now in operation are suf-
ficient for the coinage ot all the gold and silver that
can be produced in the United_States. San Iruncisco
is the commercial and economical point for the coin-
age of the precious metals produced from the mines
of tlieStatesandTerritories^estof the Rocky mount-
ains. Tho parent Mint hi Philadelphia occupies the
same position in relercncc to the Atlantic States.
These two great cenfrai institutions, mUeir capacity
for coinage, can abundantly meet any fiovcrnmcntal
or commercial demand. These ior coinage, and the
establishment of asswy offices by the Uoverment in
our mining regions for meliiug, lefiniug, assaying,
and stamping bullion, will secure to the mining inter-
ests of the country every facility that can be deMred
and every encouragement that can with propriety be
expected."
I sympathize folly with the gentleman from
Oregon in his desire to secure the development
of his section of country. The Committee of
Ways and Means would gladly have consented
to the establishment of this mint at Portland,
Oregon, if by that means the object which he
seeks could be accomplished. We desire as
much as he can desire the development' of that
region. But in this bill wo have provided
virtually for all that could be accomplished
by tho establishment, of a branch mint. We
have provided that the superintendents of the
assay offices at Portland, and at Boise City,
shall have authority to issue certificates for
the net value of the bullion deposited in those
otlices; and those certllicates are to be paya-
ble either at the branch mint at San Francisco
or at the principal Mint in the city of Phila-
delphia. This, I submit, will accomplish all
that the gentleman from Oregon desires The
gentleman informs us that there is a lino of
steamers running three times every month
between Portland, Oregon, and San Francisco.
Hence this bullion can be transported to San
Francisco at very little expense. Thus by a
system of purchases and exchanges ns provided
for ill this bill, under regulations to be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, the
Government will assume the ri. k of transport-
ing bullion from the assay offices to the mints
for coinage, or to the commercial centers for
sale. This system will not only bonelit tho
hardy miner in the gold regions, but also the
general commercial interests of the counti'3\
aiul will save to the Government a large annual
expenditure which would necessarily be in-
curred if branch mints are to be established
in all the gold-bearing States and Territories
of the Union.
Sir, these mints are very expensive affairs.
The parent Mint, at Philadelphia, costs from
$75,000 to £ lot), 000 annually to the Govern-
ment; and the annual expense of maintaining
the mint at Sun Francisco is about one hun-
dred and forty thousand dollars. The cost of
building a suitable mint at Portland, Oregon,
would be from $150,000 to $200,000, and a
large annual expenditure must be incurred to
sustain it when established. Besides, sir, it
is important that in our mints we should have
the most experienced and best mechanical skill
and labor and the best machinery that can lie
procured for the purpose of coining tho money
of the country. And it cannot be expected
that in every gold-bearing region this expen-
sive machinery and this skilled and experienced
mechanical labor can be procured.
The Secretary of the Treasury has recom-
mended the Committee of Ways and Means to
go beyond what they have proposed to the
House by this bill. It will be remembered
that there is a branch mint now authorized at
Carson City, in the State of Nevada, ns well
as a branch mint at Denver, in the Territory
of Colorado. The Secretary of the Treasury,
concurring with tho superintendent of the assay
office at New York, recommends that be be
authorized to convert these branch mints into
assay offices, believing that in this way will be
accomplished all that is necessary for the coin-
ing of money in those distant regions. The
Secretary of the Tieasury says, in a recent let-
ter to the Senate Financc Committee:
"I concur in the opinion of the superintendent of
the assay office, expressed in his report, that no more
branch "mints should be established; and I should
be glad to have a scction incorporated in this bill
eonvei tin gall existing: branch mints, with the excep-
tion of tho branches at San Francisco and New Or-
leans, into assay offices."
Now, the truth is that money will seek the
business centers, and those centers are to-day
New York and Philadelphia. When'we have-
the Pacific railroad-to San EYancisco; that city
will be the great exchanging commercial center
for all the trade between Europe and America
and Asia, and will be the center of businessfor
the Pacific coast and all the regions west of the
ltocky mountains.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think it perfectly appar-
ent that, as has been urged' by tho chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, wo should
have a fixed policy on this subject. If we es-
tablish a mint at Portland, Oregon, we mast
establish one at Boise City, in tho Territory of
Idaho, because Tdaho to-day produces twice or
thrice the amount of gold that is produced in
the State of Oregon. The Territory of Mon-
tana is a rich gold-bearing region, and will
demand that she also shall have a mint for the
purpose of coining the gold produced in her
mines. Tho policy of the Government, as rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and by tho chief officer of the Mint at Phila-
delphia, is that we shall have two great mints
in this country, one on the Pacific coast and
one upon the Atlantic coast; and that, where
ever convenience requires, there shall be assay
offices, from which the bullion may be trans-
ferred to the mints for coinage. And in this
policy I hope the House will concur.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I am
sorry my arguments did not lnuo a favorable
influence upon the mind of the chairman of
the committee; and I alluded to the fact that
l was only allowed one half minute before the
committee in which to explain this whole ques-
tion, not because I wished to find fault with
the committee, but to induce them to extend
my time here.
I must say the chairman of the committee is
much mistaken when be says that the produc
tiou of gold is decreasing in "Oregon : new mines
are being discovered and developed almost
every day.
'The gentleman from Iowa has read the opin-
ion of the Superintendent of the Mint at Phil-
adelphia to show that we do not need a branch
mint in Oregon. Now, sir, I doubt seriously
whether he could tell, without looking upon a
map, whether Oregon lies noith or south of
the Columbia river, lie has not taken the
pains to inform himself. Again, it is very nat-
ural that he should oppose the establishment of
branch mints in other sections of the country.
Mr. TITAYER. Will tho gentleman from
Oregon allow me a question ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will, sir.
Mr. THAYER. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that the Superintendent of the Mint at
Philadelphia would derive any advantage from
tho non-establishment of mints in other parts
of the country, or that his opinions are influ-
enced by such considerations?
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that if
branch mints should be established in other sec-
tions they will reduce the business of his, and
the necessity for it may ultimately cease. And
as to whether he can be ati'ected by corrupt
motives, I suppose he is no better than other peo-
ple—inclined to look out for his own interest.
I now ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
whether ho wishes to get clear of the Mint at
Philadelphia.
Mr. THAYER. By no means. The neces-
sity for it is too apparent, and will not bo likely
to cease. Philadelphia is a great commercial
center.
Mr. HENDERSON. So is Portland, in
Oregon ; it sustains the same relation to the
valley of the Columbia that New Orleans does
to the valley of the Mississippi; it is the com-
mercial center for the whole valley of that
magnificent river.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I will adu
but one word to what I have already said.
The policy of establishing branch mints all
over the country cannot sately longer bo pur-
sued. The British empire, with all its posses-
sions and the amount of gold it coins annually,
has but one mint for that purpose. I believe
it would be better for us if we had but one;
