1246"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
In the general tariff bill the duty on wheat'is
put down at twenty cents a bushel. It is placed
m this bill at the same rate, twenty cents a
bushel. Now, mark: Canadian wheat can be
brought to Buffalo for two cents a bushel. You
cannot bring wheat from Iowa to Buffalo under
forty cents a bushel. You start from Buffalo
to the eastern market, and under this bill the
Canadians will have an advantage of eighteen
cents a bushel over Iowa. Now, sir, are we,
the representatives of the grain-growing inter-
ests of the West, to be called upon to support a
measure of this sort?
Sir, I have every reason in the world to stand
up for New England and her interests. I was
born in old Massachusetts; I was educated in
Connecticut; but for forty years I have been
a citizen of Ohio. I would not go with my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe,] and
denounce the bounty which has been given to
our fishermen ever since'the organization of
the Government, although that bounty through
these long years may have reached the amount
of $15,000,000. Had that sum been quadru-
pled I would still say that this nation has re-
ceived a full equivalent for it. And I do not
know that the time has yet arrived for us to
interfere with that great nursery of seamen,
the fishermen of our eastern coasts. I do not
regret at all the legislation of days past in favor
of that interest. liut I do not care now to be
made a' party to any bargain to exchange the
fishing bounty for a drawback on salt, taking
from one pocket to put in the other.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Si'.u.nrxn] allow mo one* word here?
. Mr, SPALDINU. Most cheerfully.
; Mi'. PIKli. [ desire simply to say, by way
of explanation in reference to the bounty upon
fish, that the ground we take is, that the fish-
ing interest, instead of having been protected
heretofore, has not received the average pro-
tection accorded to oilier interests in the coun-
try ; that if the fishing interest could receive
the average protection accorded to the manu-
facturers of iron, of wool, of cotton, and other
articles of the same class, amounting, as the
tariff shows, to about forty per cent., wo should
bo better off by throwing the bounty to the
winds. Under the idea that the House had
come to this conclusion, I said yesterday that
wo were desirous of exchanging positions, and
that instead of being apparently mendicants
before Congress and receiving what is nom-
inally bounty, we would rather take our posi-
tion with the average of the manufacturers of
this country. That, in my judgment, would he
much butter and more profitable for the fisher-
men.
Mr. SPALDING. T instanced the fishing
bounty simply to explain my position. 1 do
not occupy an attitude of hostility to the inter-
ests of New England in any way whatever. I
only say that a specific ami special tariff bill,
like this with the Canadas, cannot bo made
without operating favorably to some portions
of our Union and unfavorably to others. With
regard to the general tariff for the whole na-
tion, if we experience inconveniences we must
submit to them ; but we arc not bound to sub-
mit to them in a bill like this.
This hill, corresponding in this respect, word
for word and letter for letter, with the provision
of the reciprocity treaty which is about to ex-
pire, provides that wo shall enjoy the benefits of
the navigation of the St. Lawrence and the
canals of Canada equally with British subjects,
subject to no greater tolls. The provision of
that treaty, which is copicd word for word in
this bill, gives to the citizens of the United
States—
"Tho right to navigate the river St. Lawrcnccand
the canals in Canada used as the moans of commu-
nioatinj; between the front lakes nmi the Atlantic
ocean with their vessels, boats, and crafts, as fully
ami freely as the subjects of her JBritanuic Majesty,
subject only to the same tolls and other assessments
as now arc or may be hereafter exacted of her Ma-
jesty's said subjects."
Now, sir, that is the way in which the treaty
stood when it was made some nine or ten years
ago. We have been cheated by Canada in that
respect, and shall be cheated again though we
make as many laws and regulations as we
please.
A report made by the Committee on Com-
merce of this House in the Thirty-Seventh
Congress contained the following important
disclosure:
" Tho "Wetland canal, connecting Lakes Erie and
Ontario, is extensively used by American citizens.
Under an enactment, of 1860, if vessels and goods,
having paid tolls on the Welland canal, enter the St.
Lawrencc canals or any Canadian port, all except
ten per cent, of the Welland charges is refunded, and
thus is created a discrimination of ninety per cent,
against vessels going to American ports, besides a
free passage through the canals of the St. Lawrence."
Just so soon as that treaty, called a treaty of
reciprocity, was concluded, the Canadian Par-
liament regulated their tolls upon the Welland
canal with •a view to discriminating in this wise:
if one of our American vessels went through
that canal she paid toll to the amount, say of
a dollar per ton ; and if she was bound with
her cargo to Oswego or Ogdensburg, for in-
stance, in the State of New York, that remained
as the amount of duty ; but if she would land
her cargo in the port of Kingston, or any other
Canadian port, ninety per cent, of the duty was
refunded, leaving tho toll only ten cents per ton.
' This was a discrimination made by the Ca-
nadian Parliament in favor of their own ports
—a discrimination imposed upon us after that
treaty had been made. It is now proposed
that we shall renew the same contract, leaving
ourselves subject to the same imposition. We
have men lobbying hero in these Halls for the
passage of this bill to restore that same con-
tract which lias thus been violated year after
year.
Mr. MORRILL. I presume the gentleman
does not desire to do injustice. What ho says
was true at one time; but it is no longer true,
as they have repealed it.
Mr. SPALDING. That is very well. So the
rebels have surrendered. Why do we not re-
ceive them into this House? They have sur-
rendered. The Canadians have surrendered
until they have a chance to do so again. 1 tell
you. sir, they can play that game better than
we ean,-and as soon as we have adopted a treaty
again, without passing an act with this provision
in if. they will meet us with regulations by which
cargoes from American ports shall pay six times
as much duty as their own do.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have no faith in this
tribe. I live near theni. I live upon the south-
ern shore of Luke Uric opposite to Canada. I
happened to be a member of the great com-
mercial conventions at Chicago and Detroit;
and I saw there what they were. They have
been here this winter, and they will be here
incessantly. If they cannot make it by fair
means they will by foul. I tell you our only
true course is to leave this business to the tariff.
I agree with my friend from Illinois. Let the
bill go back to theeonimittee, and there I hope
it will be buried. Let us try them under tho
operation of the general tariff, because, as my
friend says, so soon as tho 17th of March is over
they will come under t he operations of the gen-
eral tariff. If that be not sufficient let the
learned committee wdio have the subject in
charge report a revised bill. But I do most
strenuously object to this special bill for the
benefit of the Canadians, who have never done
anything particularly in our favor.
1 have done, if this bill is to pass 1 give
notice T shall offer a variety of amendments,
and perhaps some of them my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will acknowledge to
be rubbing upon the grindstone.
Mi-. PIIBLPS. Mr. Chairman, in view of
the course the debate on this bill has taken, I
do not propose to go into any extended remarks
in the same lino which gentlemen who have im-
mediately preceded me have pursued, but I
simply wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to a few prominent considerations which
will control my vote in opposition to the pres-
ent bill.
■ Under existing laws the tariff on the article
of bituminous coal now stands at $1 25 per
ton. Under the provisions of this bill it is pro-
posed to admit bituminous coal coming from a
certain locality, very much lower. It is pro-
posed to admit bituminous coal from the British
Provinces at fifty cents per ton. We have the
further feet that, under the operation of this
reciprocity treaty now aboutto expire, for eleven
years the bituminous coal interest of Maryland,
Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Kentucky, and
Ohio has languished, while oil the other hand
the same interest competing with it in the Brit-
ish Provinces has thrived and flourished to an
unprecedented extent, so much sothat, as has
been shown, some of these companies are mak-
ing enormous dividends; as high in one case
as onehnndredandfortypercent. Ithasbeen
said there is not a single company east of the
Alleghany mountains which is making more
than a nominal dividend upon the capital in-
vested in this business. If this thing is allowed
to continue : if the coal from Nova Scotia, with
cheaper labor and facility for transportation, is
allowed to compete under the provisions of this
bill with American bituminous coal, that inter-
est will continue to decline until we have al-
most a paralysis of that branch of American
industry.
I cannot allow this opportunity to pass with-
out raising my voice in protest against the dis-
crimination now proposed to be made. No
such discrimination exists in favor of Eng-
land or other foreign countries, but it is con-
fined to the British Provinces. I ask for what
these people have entitled themselves to our
consideration or our sympathy? On what
ground are they to be allowed to come in and
claim this discrimination in their favor? Is
it because of any sympathy or niateral aid
we received from that quarter during the ex-
istence of the rebellion? I have heard of
our muster-rolls being swelled at least nom-
inally by forty thousand Canadians. And I
remember to have seen a communication from
tho Buffalo Board of Trade which may pos-
sibly furnish some light upon this large num-
ber of Canadian recruits to our Army. I have
seen it stated that a certain city in tho State of
New York, being desirous to fill its quota, pro-
cured as many as thirty-nine Canadians, at
least tlieir names appeared on the muster-roll,
at a cost of $39,000, as substitutes for drafted
men. In less than six months there were but
two of those substitutes to be found, and they
were in, a town in Canada, in a magistrate's
office, quarreling over the distribution of the
plunder. One swore he had enlisted twenty-six
times, and the other only swore to thirteen.
Only two out of the whole thirty-nine, pocket-
ing $39,000, did any fighting, and that was in a
magistrate's office in Canada. So much for
bounty-jumpers. The harbor afforded by the
Provinces to piratical cruisers and the shelter
to rclTel emissaries have already been noticed.
While wc arc legislating for the benefit of
these people we arc striking down and pros-
trating—if this measure is to become a law—a
great and growing interest of a large section of
this country, one which is necessary, in my
judgment, for the continued prosperity of the
city which in part I have the honor to repre-
sent, on this floor.
Twenty-five ' hundred tons of Cumberland
coal daily come to a market in the city of
Baltimore. Half that quantity is consumed
in her manufactories and steamers. Eighty
steamers, with a tonnage of nearly fifty thou-
sand. ply in her waters in connection with that
trade. It is estimated that, with the increased
facilities to be presently afforded, the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad will alone convey over
one million tons from the mountains to the sea
during the current year. This amount is in-
dependent of that transported by canal.
The question is, shall this great interest, with
the immense amount of labor and capital in-
volved in-it, be subjected without protection to
a ruinous competition? Shall that capital be
driven to a more lucrative development on a
foreign soil and the labor be unemployed from
the closing of the mines? Or, on the other
hand, shall immigration be encouraged and the
resources of the country developed by the mod-
