4126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
cannot be received. The Senator from Michi-
gan admits that there is no law to pay it, and
yet he says it arises under an existing law. He
will see at once that that cannot be.
Mr. HOWARD.- The interpretation of the
Senator from Maine seeks to interpolate into
the language of the rule that which it does not
eontain, because he insists in the first place
that the claim shall be a private claim ; and,
secondly, that there shall be a law requiring
its payment. The language of the rule is that
the character of the claim shall be to carry out
the provisions of an existing law; that is, a
statute that is in force.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator refer
me to the existing law which this amendment
is to carry out?
Mr. HOWARD. The law which authorized
and required the construction of these vessels,
the law now in force so far as this contract is
concerned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The contract was made;
and as this does not come under any law au-
thorizing payment, it is necessary to pass a new
appropriation, and therefore it is within the
existing law.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the Senator's re-
ductio ad absurdum; it does not arise from
the rule or from my argument.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The case is simply this:
here was a law which provided for the con-
struction of vessels; the United States con-
tracted with these parties to construct one of
those vessels in a particular way and deliver
it in a particular place ; and when they were
about to do that the authorities of the United
States stopped in because they were the strong-
est, and took certain parts of that vessel and
made use of them in another way. These gen-
tlemen were not carrying out the provisions of
an existing law when they yielded to the force
of the Government any more than the men
whoso property was taken by quartermasters
were ciuTryiug out the provisions of a law to
carry on the war because they gave up their
property to the Army—not a particle.
All that I rose to say was that the day before
yesterday the Committee on Commerce under-
took to get an amendment put on this identical
bill which was precisely parallel to this, and the
Chair ruled with the acquiescence and assent
of the Senate, and with our acquiescence be-
cause we thought it to be correct-, that it was
not in order; and that ease was this: an exist-
ing law required the construction of a light-
house at Capo Canaveral, in Florida; the Light-
House Board or the Secretary of theTreasury,
whichever is the proper authority, entered into
a contract with 11. P. Parrott to build it; he
went on in the execution of that contract until
the war broke out, when the Department stopped
it, so that he was unable to get the pay which
he should have had under the contract. They
recommended the claim to our consideration ;
it was perfectly just, and the Committee on
Commerce offered it as an amendment to this
bill: but the Chair ruled only the day before
yesterday, with the acquiescence of the Senate,
that that was a private claim, and not to bo
entertainedasanamendmentto this bill. Now,
the Senate ought to be consistent with itself,
however strong its wish may be to relieve these
men.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Perhaps there may be
another view taken of this subject in regard to
the rule. There was a law passed for the con-
struction of these iron-clads, and there was
an appropriation made for their construction.
There was then a law and a provision for pay-
ment, with the right to contract for their con-
struction, with the right to alter the plans, with
the right to make any changes, and the right
to do it with the consent of the contractors,
which immediately created an obligation on the
Department and charged them just as much
as the original contract made between the par-
ties in writing. It is just as obligatory, and
the money here claimed could have been paid
out of the Treasury upon the warrant of the
Secretary of the Treasury from the appropria-
tion made for the construction of the iron-elads.
There was a law for the construction of iron-
clads, and a general appropriation placed in
the hands of the Secretary, and he was given
a general discretion. He was authorized to
charge the Treasury with the responsibility of
his proceedings in their construction; and when
he changed the plan of the,vessel, or when he
asked for a different thing to be done from that
which the parties agreed to do, it was an ad-
dendum to the contract, just as binding as if it
had been put in writing, with all the ceremo-
nies of the Department. You can make no
distinction between the contract, the result of
these circumstances, and the written contract,
so far as obligation is concerned.
Here, then, I say, is a contract with an ap-
propriation. There were circumstances that
charged the Government with a positive obli-
gation. Why is that not an exception which
takes it out of the rule relied upon by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance?
Then, Mr. President, the question whether
or not this matter shall be considered is a ques-
tion for the Senate to determine by a majority
vote. The Senate is not, and never has re-
garded itself bound by any technical question
on such a subject. Measures of this kind, pri-
vate bills, have often been placed upon appro-
priation bills, the Senate taking the responsi-
bility of doing it, the Senate thinking that the
circumstansces justified it. Surely, if circum-
stances would justify such action in any case,
this is that ease. I trust, under all the circum-
stances, without raising mere technical ques-
tions, although I believe the technical point is in
favor of the amendment, the Senate will allow
it to be considered on this bill, it being the
universal voice of the body that this*is a just
claim which should be paid, and a denial of this
acknowledged justice will involve ruin to the
parties claimant.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ 1 desire to ask the
Senator who presented this amendment, which
will involve an appropriation of $180,000, iftlie
committee who examined it did not find that a
part of the damages resulting to these individ-
uals arose from the sinking of this vessel. Am
I mistaken or not? I ask, did not apart of the
damages which this amendment is intended to
cover arise from the sinking of the vessel in
the harbor of San Francisco?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator pro-
pounds his question to me, I will state what
the fact was. The vessel was about completed
and ready to be taken round to San Francisco,
it being intended for service upon that coast.
The Government had occasion to use the ma-
chinery in a vessel then at Port Royal or at
Charleston, and took out of this vessel a very
important portion.of the machinery, thus in-
creasing the cost of replacing it, because of
the enhanced prices in the mean time, and
delaying the shipping of the vessel until the
stormy season. Then at the time the vessel
went to the Pacific coast it encountered an
extraordinary storm, being in the season when
storms are likely to occur, and was sunk, and
there was great cost in raising her. A portion
of the cost was in raising and restoring the
vessel after it got to the Pacific coast. A por-
tion of it was because of the enhanced prices
in the meantime.
Mr. HENDERSON. That was my recol-
lection in reference to the damages that this
amendment was intended to cover. The Sen-
ator from Michigan says that this claim grew
out of an existing law. Now, it turns out that
the larger portion of the claim does not grow
out of a law but grows out of the sinking of
the vessel. The damages, it seems, grew out
of the storm ; and if there be any law for the
allowance, it must be the storm itself, for
surely there is none other. It is not pretended
that these parties have not been paid' every
dollar that the law authorized to be given for
building the vessel. My remembrance is that
the contract was made with these parties under
an appropriation to cover the contract price,
and every dollar of that has been paid. But
they say that the Government did not comply
with its part of the contract, and they now ask
for damages that resulted from the sinking of
their vessel in consequence of the failure of
the Government to comply with its part of the
contract.
The latter part of the thirtieth rule of the
Senate is—
" No amendment shall be received Whose object is
to provide for a private claim unless it be to carry
out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty stip-
ulation."
What is the meaning of that? If a contract
had been entered into a number of years ago
to build the Capitol, for example, and appro-
priations were made from year to year, as was
the case, in order to pay for the work that
might be done during the year, this would be
an existing law under which the work would
go on, and an amendment might be offered
making an appropriation to cover the work
that might afterward be done. That is to say,
the work is to be done from year to year, and
the law is an existing law. Perhaps, in such
a case, the appropriations, running through a
series of years—fifteen or twenty years—would
amount to many millions, but only a sufficient
amount is appropriated each year to meet the
work that may be done in the succeeding year.
When the bill for the relief of the iron-clad
contractors was pending I took some part in
the discussion. I did not remember the pre-
cise character of this particular claim, but it
turns out as I supposed, and the facts are such
as to make it unquestionably a private claim.
The thirtieth rule was adopted for a good pur-
pose. The Chair says that this proposition
cannot be entertained under the rule; but Sen-
ators say, submit the question to the Senate
and let us take a vote upon it, and if a majority
wish to violate the rule of the Senate let them
do so. Sir, that ought never to be done; and
why? Are we, under a mere proposition to
make an appropriation to pay a certain amount
of money, to take up and consider the merits
of this claim? I understand that an appro-
priation bill is not for the purpose of consid-
ering the merits of the claims that may be pre-
sented. An appropriation bill is intended to
carry out the existing laws imposing obliga-
tions for carrying on the Government. By
making an appropriation for this claim we ad-
mit its justice. I am not prepared to admit
the justice of this claim, and I apprehend the
Senate is not prepared to admit any such thing.
I know it has been repeatedly said during the
short discussion we have had about it—and
surely that has been long 'enough—that all the
Senate concurred in this claim. I apprehend
not. It is said the committees have concurred
in it. Sir, if this proposition is to be received,
the door will be opened to consider all this
iron-clad business. The Senator from Iowa,
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,'
did not admit the justice of this claim ; but, as
I understand, he only proposed to pay twelve
per cent, upon the contract price.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not upon this partic-
ular claim.
Mr. CONNESS. This was specially excepted
from that rule. All of this claim is to be paid,
and twelve per cent, of the others.
Mr. HENDERSON. Was not this claim in
the original bill?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; but this claim
was provided for in the original bill, by the con-
sent of everybody, at its face.
Mr. HENDERSON. At any rate, I ask if
the Senate is going to violate its rules? If we
want to pay this claim, let us take it up on a
separate bill and pass it; but it is certainly a
private claim because it is founded on unliqui-
dated damages. If this is not a private claim,
there is nothing of that character.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I rise to make a sug-
gestion to the Senate. I hope that by common
consent it may be understood that a bill for
this particular clause of the large omnibus bill
which has been passed by the Senate for the
relief of the iron-clad contractors will be at
once introduced and passed through the Sen-
ate and sent to the other House. I recollect
very well that when that question was up be-
