1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
eratc protection now provided for tills interest
by existing law? ■
I earnestly hope the House will adopt the
amendment proposed by my colleague [Mr. P.
Thomas} to strike out from the first section of
the bill all that relates to a tariff upon coal
of any kind, leaving the whole subject to be
regulated by the act of 18G4.
Mr. HOGAN. This subject, Mr. Chairman,
has elicited a great deal of discussion and ex-
cited a great deal of attention. I had not
apprehended that so much \.ould be said in
reference to a question of this character. But
it seems that almost, if not every gentleman
that has spoken upon the subject, has had some
peculiar system of advancing taxation to insist
upon. Now, I think it high time that wc were
beginning to inquire whether we are not run-
ning protection into the ground; and whether
the people of this country have not the right to
some little protection against the monopolies
and systems fostered by legislation in the inter-
est of the few and against the many.
This bill, as reported by. the committee, is as
far as possible an equitable adjustment of duties
on that class of articles which the reciprocity
treaty, now about to empire, admitted free.
The committee, with- a view to attainment of
revenue and the relief of the consumer, but not
to the detiiment of any of the interests con-
cerned, have pioposed the duties in this bill in
the hope of making it satisfactory to all; but
from the remarks of gentlemen it seems very
clear that they do not get such prohibitory du-
ties as they wish, and hence they propose amend-
ments and seek to change those parts of the
bill which even in so slight a degree look to the
protection of the consumer; indeed, to the
masses of the people.
A great deal of attention has been given to
this subject by every member of .the commit-
tee, who have investigated it in detail, with a
view to the establishment of such principles as,
while producing a revenue, would afford inci-
dental protection to the consumers, those whose
necessities we should look to in part at least.
Gentlemen come forward and demand an in-
creased duty on fish, others upon wool, others
upon coal, and others upon lumber. All these
things are sought to be protected, while nobody-
has called upon the committee or upon this
Congress to make any provision ai ali for the
people who are to consume all these products
and pay all these enormous duties.
I speak of the article of coal. 1 have no
objection to the development of the eoal-lields
of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia,
but 1 cannot understand liow it is that just now
every coal-dealer ill the country is about to be
ruined unless you give him a dollar and a quar-
ter a ton protection. "Why. sir, have, not these
coal-fields been developed in the last ten years,
and all that time the eo.il of Nova Scotia has
come in free? Does anybody pretend to say
that the coal-men of Pennsylvania and West
Virginia and Maryland have not been making
money all that time?
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. F.
Thomas] informs us that these men have sunk
S:iO.()( 10,0110, and that unless they can get. a pro-
tection of a dollar a ton, or three quarters of a
dollar a ton, more than this bill proposes, they
will have to cease the development of the coal-
fields entirely. Why, sir, in reference to all
this matter let me say that these coal-men liave
made more money during the last few years bv'
the enhanced \alue of coal than they ever made
before; and yet the people who have to con-
sume and pay for the coal, what protection do
you give them? This bill proposes a duty of
liftv cents per ton on coal. Butgentlenieiisay
that is not enough; you must make it 2'i at
least. The heavy coal-owners, if the amend-
ment be adopted, will, by the operation, put
into their pockets seventy-five cents per ton,
wKich the consumer will have to pay in the price
of the eoal, yi t tin' Governim at will -:iin noth-
ing bv the operation. Is there an}' protection
proposed to the men who dig it, to the men who
mine it, to the laborers who do all the work?
Sir, have they not had to strike for higher wages
in view of the fact that they could not make a
living by the prices that were allowed them?
And yet you propose to protect the monopolists,
so that they may then bring their power to bear
upon the men who do the work, and grind them
down.
Mr. WHALEY. I wish merely to ask the
gentleman from Missouri what particular local-
ity he is speaking in behalf of, the Northeast,
or the West? After the able speeches made
yesterday by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. P. Thomas,] and to-day by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ivelley,] and the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wenworth,] and
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spaldixu, ] I
want to know what portion of the United States,
or what locality the gentleman thinks is going
to be damaged by this proposition.
X, sir, represent a coal aud salt region; but
this question has been so ably discusscd by the
gentlemen to whom. 1 have referred, tiiat.l do
not think it necessary or worth while for me to
add anything to what they have said.
Mr. HOGAN. In reply to the inquiry made
bv the gentleman, 1 have to say that f am a
Representative in the American Congress to
advocate the interests of no locality, but to look
to the interests of the people everywhere; their
interests are my interests, and my interests are
theirs. I Jo not propose to do anything, if 1
can help it, the tendency of which shall be to
raise up a tremendous moneyed aristocracy in
this country, to crowd down the masses of the
people, when we have been fighting tor four
years past to put down, as was said .so often, ail
aristocracy ill another portion of the country.
I ask again, what protection do you give to
the man that digs out the coal? You put him
under ground to delve, for it, and you hardly
pay him such wages as will enable him to sup-
port his family.
Mr. STltOlJSTC. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Missouri where he gets bis in-
formation that the miner is oppressed, and does
not get adequate wages for his labor, and has
to go under ground nml delve for coal without
being properly paid for his services.
Mr. HOG AX. Why, sir, 1 derive it from
this source: 1 find that all over the country, in
Pennsylvania, as well as in other States, the
eoal miners have been compelled to rise en
mux.se in order to secure fair wages from the
men who employ them, and who gel a very
large price lor their coal.
Mr. STltOUSK. Let me say, for the infor-
mation of the House,.as well as of my friend
from Missouri, that ho is misled by exagger-
ated stories in the newspapers. 1 believe it is
pretty well under.-.tood that I have the honor to
repieseut upon this floor the largest eoal-lields
in the State of Pennsylvania. The county of
Schuylkill, in my district, shipped during the
vear iSOo upward of four million tons of anthra-
cite eoal. And because occasionally a band
tif men, or a few men, may not be satisfied with
the very high wages which we paid tbem, it is
heralded out through the press that the whole
miningpopulntion of Pennsylvania are up in re-
vollbecause they do not receive adequate pay.
[ denv it. It is simply not true. 'J here is not
a more liberal class of employers in the whole
country than the coal operators and owners
in Pennsylvania, which is the great coal-pro-
ducing region of the country.
Again, sir, we have very few corporations
in the Stat" of Pennsylvania. The majouty
of the coal operations are carried oil bv indi-
viduals, by individual capital and individual
euteipiise, and the wages.of the miners now
range from three, to five dollars a day.
The only objection I have to this bill at all
is, that the duty which it proposes to impose
upon coal imported from Xova Seotia and the
other British Provinces is entirely too low.
Sir, the gentleman says teat lie is a member
of the American Comnv-j. So am I. But I
am iri favor of legi-lalimr for 1hc American
people before 1 legislate for foreigners. _
Mr. HOGAX. I am not used to this kind
of running debate in the House. As was said
by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Dem-
ing,] I have not yet quite got the hang of this
school-house, [laughter,] and these interrup-
tions disturb me somewhat; but I would ask
my friend from Schuylkill county one question
right liere, and it is this : did you ever know
a laboring man in the coal fields of Pennsyl-
vania who made much money?
Mr. STltOUSK I did. I have known
thousands of them who have owned houses and
lands, the fruits of their own labor.
Mr. HOGAN. I am very glad to liear it;
I wish there were more of them.
Mr. G KIS WOBI). Will the gentleman yield
to mo for a moment?
Mr. HOGAN. Well, I am speaking on a
question that I feel a groat interest in, namely,
the protection of the people against class legis-
lation for the benefit only of the rich, and as
no one else seems to think of their condition,
no one as yet having spoken for them, and as
1 speak without any notes, I prefer not to bo
interrupted.
Mr. G1USW0LD. I desire to interrupt the
gentleman for a moment, merely to give him
some information.
Mr. HOGAN. Very well; I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. GillSWOLD. I desire to state to tlie
gentleman, as a matter of information—for it is
evidently a subject to which lie has given some
attention—that if there are any such effects of
monopolies as those to which the gentleman has
so eloquently referred, there is no more signifi-
cant instance of it than in the very laborers in
the coal-fields of Pennsylvania and other local-
ities. I desire to inform tiie gentleman that
throughout this broad land there is no class of
men who have, been so exorbitantly paid as the
laborers in the coal-fields, where they have
earned from five to ten and fifteen dollars a
day.
Mr. HOGAX". Good for them. T am very
glad of if. All 1 have got to say in reference
to that is, that if these accidental benefits have
resulted to the laborer, I rather take it, it has
been from the enormous price of coal. These
capitalists were anxious to get labor in order to
make the enormous profit on the coal. You
have put thousands and thousands of dollars
into the hands of these moneyed men. They
might well say, we can get a dollar or two dol-
lars more per ton lor our coal; if we pay these
poor fellows a few cents a ton more for picking
ii, v\ e will get the dollar or two dollars and they
will get the few cents. That has been the oper-
ation of the whole thing from the beginning.
Now. I have no opposition, no feeling of an-
tagonism, to this great coal interest; I am in favor
III'it: 1 admire it. But while lam forit. I want
to see soinethingflone that will benefit thegreat
mass ofthoi>eopleand not increase the already
exorbitant, price of this necessary article.
Let me say a word or two to the gentleman
on the other"side [Mr. Pike] who wants an in-
crease of duty upon fish. A great cry is raised
here that we must increase the duty on fisli;
the fishermen of Maine and Massachusetts will
bo absolutely ruined, will be crushed to death,
if you do not put another dollar of duty on fish,
and the Provinces will make this a fisli country
it you do not stop the introduction of their fish
here. Now, I want to ask how it is that during
the last ten years, when all this was free, they
still made nione> ? Look at the price of fish
now, and compare it with what it was teu years
ago, before Canadian fish was allowed to come
in free. The priccof fish has been increasodal-
mo.st three times what it was before this treaty
allowed fish to come in free, andthesemon have
gone on increasing the production of fish, have
gone everywhere hunting fish, and^ yet ah this
time they have been absolutely nearly ruined.
If is strange how long these men can stand be-
ing ruined in this way. Ten years ago tiicv did
not begin to get the prices for fish that they
| have been getting for the last ten years while
j fish have been coming in freeyet now. when
1 it is proposed to give them halt a dollai, a dol-
j lar, and two dollars per barrel in the way of
■ duty, they say they will be absolutely driven off
! the water, and we will have no fisli unless we
