1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4127
'ore, gentlemen upon the committee who ex-
amined the subject, and who were very crit-
ical in their objections to most of the claims
comprised in that bill, conceded that this ought
to be paid, and upon the face of that bill it w as
made an exception, or, at all events, it was pro-
vided for in a peculiar form. I am satisfied
that the examination then given to the subject,
both in committee and in the Senate, was suffi-
cient. to warrant us in assuming it as a just and
a good claim. But, sir, it will not answer for
us to put it on this bill. This precedent, if es-
tablished, can be quoted during the remainder
of the session, and I presume that if you are
to apply the precedent to other cases which
will be introduced you will have to extend the
session. There are an innumerable number
of claims floating through the two Houses of
Congress, and the wisdom of the existing rule
cannot be questioned by any member, whether
he be recent in service or has prolonged ex-
perience. As this is a case of unusual merit,
my suggestion would be that in order to pre-
vent any possible violation of the rule or any
question about the rule, the maintenance of
which is indispensable to the purity of our legis-
lation, and in fact to our having our legislation
transacted in propertime toward the end of the
session, the present amendment be withdrawn
and that we provide for the case in a separate
hill.
Mr. NYE. I withdraw the amendment with
that understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer this amendment
as an additional section:
And be it farther enacted. That the sum of $2,000 is
hereby appropriated to enable the Commissioner of
Public Buildings to cause the chamber of the Su-
preme Com L to be painted, and to make such need-
ful repairs therein as the Chief Justice may deem
necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a provision
in regard to the Supreme Court room 011 the
deficiency bill, which I shall report to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For this same purpose?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not precisely the same,
but with reference to the same room.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw my amend-
ment if it is provided for elsewhere.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not say it is pro-
vided for, but there is a provision there on the
subject, and this would come in appropriately
on that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I offer this amendment,
to come in on page 24, after line five hundred
and sixty-four of section one:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Ne-
vada, S3.000.
F'or compensation of clerks in his otHco, 3">,000.
For ofaco lent, me^en.<*er, furniture, books, fuel,
stationery, and incidental expenses of the olficc,
§3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does this come from
the Land Office?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Lands to offer this
amendment, based on the recommendation of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I offer another amend-
ment, to come in on page 25, after line five
huudred and eighty-four of section one:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Mon-
tana, S3,000.
For compensation of the clerks in his office, $5,000.
For office rent, messenger, lurniture, books, luel,
stationery, and incidental expenses of the ofliec,
$3,000.
1 will state that these amounts are the esti-
mates of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and I was instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer the amend-
ment. A bill creating the office of surveyor
general for Montana has passed both Houses,
but has not yet been signed by the President.
It is now pending before the President. Of
course the appropriation will not bo used un-
less the bill is signed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that the usual amount?
Mr. STEWART. Itistheestimatedamount.
Mr. JOHNSON. Eleven thousand dollars?
Mr. STEWART. This is for starting the
office. There is $1,000 extra put in for fixing
up the office. In other respects it is the usual
estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. I am instructed by tbe
Committee on Agriculture to offer this amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That to enable the Com-
missionerof Agriculture to purchase for theuse of the
Department of Agriculture, from Townsend Glover,
Esq., his collection oj insects, birds, models of fruits,
See., as per his schedule thereof of May 13,1866, the
sum of £10,000 is hereby appropriated out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not
be put on this bill.
Mr. CRESWELL. I desire to say a very few
words in support of this proposition. This col-
lection lias been on exhibition for the benefit
of the Agricultural Department for more than
ten years past, and at the session of 1855-50 an
appropnation of $10,000 was made to pur-
chase but a portion of it, that portion of it
which includes the birds.
Gentlemen seem to regard this appropria-
tion as something entirely unworthy of the
consideration of the Senate. On the contrary,
I have a very different opinion. It is not a
collection of two-headed calves and monstrosi-
ties generally, but it is a scientific collection,
arranged with the utmost care after a protracted
life of hard work. Mr. Glover is a gentleman
of acknowledged high position as an entomolo-
gist. He is acting in that capacity in the em-
ployment of the Agricultural Department. He
was for many years preceding his engagement
there employed in the Agricultural College of
Maryland. He has devoted all the active years
of his life to making this collection, and it is
of the utmost practical utility, in my estima-
tion. He arranges all substances that come
within the scope of his investigations in a
maimer that will lead to the dissemination of
the most valuable information. For instance,
he takes up the subject of flax; he collects
every specimen giown in the United States or
elsewheie ; he arranges them aecordingto their
proper names, and then he accompanies each
with a card giving all the information he has
been able to collect upon the cultivation of
flax, its application to certain climates, the
effects of certain soil upon it; he then gives
all the products from flax and all the practical
uses to which it can be applied.
The object of his collection is that, upon ap-
plication to the Department., any person who
may desire information upon any subject can
be immediately referred under his arrange-
ment to the matter upon which he desires to
become conversant, and can there find in a
very few moments all the information which
the Department has been able to collect on that
subject.
During the last five or six years his colleclion
has been of great use in that way, and gentle-
men.-have derived from it certain information
that they could not collect, perhaps, underyears
of labor elsewhere. His collection now occu-
pies two rooms of the Agricultural Bureau.
It is designed to form the nucleus of a grand
museum of agricultural and economic subjects ;
and I think, with my limited knowledge of the
question, that no more appropriate expendi-
ture could be made with reference to that De-
partment. It seems to me that it is only a
modicum of what is due to the great interest
of agriculture.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we can hardly,
at this period of the session, pass an appropri-
ation to meet the convenience of every gentle-
man who has devoted his time and his talents
and his tastes to a particular pursuit. This is
one of them, and I do not know what occasion
we have to appropriate §10,000 for this pur-
pose. It strikes me as very singular that there
is no proposition of any kind or description
that the good nature of some Senator may not
be pievailed upon to offer to the Senate, and in
that way we spend a good deal of time. I really
hope the Senate will not adoptthis amendment.
Mr. CRESWELL. I claim a good deal of
credit for being amiable, hut I am sure that in
offering this amendment the Senator will not
find an instance of that. I offer it not for the
convenience of Mr. Glover or any other scien-
tific man, but I offer it with a view to the in-
terests of the agriculture of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was a member of the
committee that authorized the amendment to
be mov„ed, and while I am not anxious that the
Senate shall agree to it, and while frommy rela-
tion to the bill I am rather inclined to keep it
off this bill, I feel bound to state some facts
that have come to my knowledge. Mr. Glover
is a man who has devoted his life to the col-
lection of specimens of fruit, birds, plants,
and all the various branches of the different
sciences connected with these subjects. He is
a very learned men. He took the highest prize
at the recent exhibition at Paris, the gold
medal, which is now in the possession of the
Government, because he being an employ^ of
the Government could not hold it himself. Ho
has a collection of specimens of fruit, birds,
plants, &e., very beautifully and wonderfully
arranged. He has spent a whole lifetime at it.
For instance he takes the curculiain its various
stages, shows how it is destroyed, what its effect
is, and then he represents the fruit and shows
how it is affected by it.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture if
this Mr, Townsend Glover has discovered any
way by which the ravages of the curculia can
bo remedied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If lie has. let him take
the prize which has been a standing offer for
years, of £5,000, by the English agricultural
societies.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope Senators will not go
off at a tangent, because although Mr. Glover
has not discovered everything he has discov-
ered a great many things, and his collcction
is of great interest and immense value. Ail
appropriation was made some years ago to buy
this identical collection, I think about eight
years ago.
Mr. CRESWELL. In 1855-56.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ten thousand dollars was
then appropriated for the purchase of this col-
lection which he had collected as a private citi-
zen. He was then, however, in the employ-
ment of the Government, and was ordered by
Mr. Mason, the Commissioner of Patents, on
some other duty, and the money was misap-
plied, applied to different purposes. There is
with the papers a letter of the Commissioner
of Patents, and also a letter of Mr. Ilolloway,
the late Commissioner, explaining the matter.
This property has been in the custody of the
Government and in the sole use of the Govern-
ment from that time to this. It has been there
in the office of the Department of Agriculture.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the use of it?
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been of great use.
As to whether it is prudent or wise for the Gov-
ernment to buy it, 1 leave every Senator to judge
for himself. I have no doubt that if we pay
this man 810,000 he will devote the whole of
the $10,000 to the pursuit of this very business.
That, he has been a useful man, I do not think
there can be any question about; a very useful
man in his way.
Mr. GRIMES. These models of fruit are
very pretty things to look at, but as 1 have been
in the fruit business somewhat, I will state to
the Senator from Ohio that they are of no pos-
sible use to a man from his region of country
and mine.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes, they are.
Mr. GRIMES. I have had a little experi-
ence on that subject, and a good deal of obser-
vation. Take the Rhode Island greening and
the lloxbury russet, which he has taken as a
model from which to manufacture his speci-
mens, raised in Connecticut or New York, and
transplant them to^Ulinois and Iowa, and they
become an autumn fruit, an altogether differ-
ent kind of apple.
Mr. SHERMAN. This gentleman has speci-
