I&4
THE COjNt(tEESSION"AL GLOB&
January 11,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 11, I860.
Prayer by Rev. Dr'. Gillette, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction of the journal.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I believe there is an error in the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings in this: it does not
contain in the order for printing the message of
the President in answer to the resolution of the
Senate of the 21st of December, which I had the
honor to submit, an order also to publish the
documents accompanying the message. The
motion was to print both the message and the
accompanying documents, and I observe that
the Journal does not contain that latter part of
the order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
was entered to print the communication and the
accompanying documents. Generally, it is un-
derstood that an order being entered to print a
message covers the accompanying documents;
but if it is not so, it will be so extended as to
cover tbciu.
Mr. HOWARD. If that be the usage of the
Senate, very well.
The PRESIDENT pro icmpore. The Jour-
nal will be corrected to comprise them, if it does
not already.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro icmpore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 8th instant, information in
regard to the appointment of commissioners
under the twenty-fourth sect ion of I he act of Feb-
ruary 24, 1804, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled ' An act for enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and for otherparposes,' "ap-
proved March fi, 1HU3, and the awards made
by those commissioners, and why payments on
awards have been suspended; which was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
i'etitions and memorials.
. Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
citizens of Michigan, remonstrating against the
renewal of the so-called reciprocity treaty with
the British Provinces; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of John Prid-
geon. ownerof the steam-tug \V. K. Muir, pray-
ing for the passage of an act permitting that tug
to be enrolled and licensed as an American ves-
sel ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also presented the petition of John Prid-
geon ami Willi,un K . Muir, owners of the steam-
tug Michigan, a foreign-built vessel, praying for
the passage of an aet granting enrollment and
license to that tug as an American vessel; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of John A.
Sloan, owner of the steam-tug Dispatch, nrny-
ing for an American register for that tug :'which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
lie also presented a, petition of eiti/ens of
St. Joseph, Michigan, praying for an .appropria-
tion for the repair of the harbor of St. Joseph,
on Lake Michigan, and the extension of the
south pier of that harbor ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 offer the petition of the
officers and members of the American Baptist
Missionary Convention of the colored Baptist
churches of this country. represeiitingfifty-live
ministers and lifreen "thousand members, in
annual convention lust August. They set forth
at, length various arguments in favor of orjual
rights and justice to the colored race, and
conclude by asking Congress to secure the ex-
tension of the right of suffrage to all the citi-
zen;. ol our common country without resoeetto
eo'or. not only on the ground of essential and I
acknowledged right according to the Deelara- !
tion of independence, but also because they
believe there is no other way in which we can
be protected front the subtle power of our com-
mon enemy. I move the reference of this pe-
tition to the joint committee of the two Houses
on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAJIIIIS presented the petition of John
Aliern, praying for compensation for board and
rations furnished to United States soldiers and
recruits at Albany, New York, in the years
1803 and 18G4 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of sol-
diers of the United States Army, who enlisted
in the years'lSfil, 1802, and 1803, praying an
equalization of bounties; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of
Townley ancl Denman, on the tiles of the Senate, be
referred to ttio Committee oil Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Court of Claims in
favor of the claim ot Sarah Weed be relcrfed to the
Committee 011 ltevolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
' Ordered, That Lemuel "Woister have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers from the files of
the Senate.
reports from committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. GO) to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. (51) to protect all
persons in the United States in their civil
rights, and furnish the means of their vindica-
tion, reported it with amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ] desire to give notice
that when these bills shall have been printed,
with the amendments, I will call the attention
of the Senate to them at an earty day.
hills ixthoduc'ed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 08) to carry into elfectthe fourth article of
the treaty of Washington, concluded between
. Great Britain and the United Status on the 0th of
August, 1812: hiclmas read twiec by its title,
and referred to the Committee 011 Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
lesohuion iS. K. No. lli) to refer tlin claim of
Gustavus A. Bal/.ei to the Court of Claims;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee 011 Claims.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 1:11 respecting the three months'
extra pay to officers of volunteers when mus-
tered out of service ; which was read twice bv
its title, and referred to the Committee 011 Mil-
itary Alfairs.
mljxtoan coruespoxdcxcb.
Mr. NESM1TII submitted the following res-
olution ; which «as considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
That the President he requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if in liis opinion not incon-
sistent with the public interest, anv correspondence
in possession of ttle Government in regard to a nego-
tiation carried oil with the icpublican Government
of Mexico in lofjlfor the imrpo< e of maretimo- a body
of United .States troops from Guaymas to Arizona,
through ."Mexican territory.
oefioial advertisements,
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
llnotvfd. That the Committee on Printing he in-
strueted to inquire and report, tor tile information of
the Senate, the amounts paid, or acrecd to be paid,
to each of the Tiewspapers ot the city of \Va-h11W0n,
suiee the ith of March,18do, andthehiw^undcrwhioh
tne amounts were paid; and to report if anv legisla-
tion ;s nee.'is.iry in regard to advertisements 111 the
public press of the country.
messagk from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr, Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced ,
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. It. No. 3:>) for the relief of Charlotte
Bonce, widow of Philip H. Bence, late captain
of company F, thirtieth regiment Jowa volun-
teer infantry.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Sneaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No. 7) for in-
creasing the bond of the Superintendent of
Public Printing: and it was signed by the Pres-
ident pro icmpore.
assistant assessors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to take
up, if the vSenato please, and have acted upon,
the little bill that I reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance yesterday. It is House bill No.
58. I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 58) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to appoint assistant assessors of internal
revenue.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment, to
insert at the end of the bill the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That alt such persons, before entering
upon the duties of assistant     and before be-
ing entitled to the salary or other emoluments thoi eof,
shall take and subscribe the oath of office prescribed
by tko act of July 2,1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. It is simply reenacting
what is clearly now the law. The law already
requires that the officers shall take that oath ;
and this amendment merely proposes that we
shall pass a new law to the same effect. 1 can-
not see what the object of the honorable Sena-
tor is in reenacting it.
Mr. SUMNElt. I will explain what my ob-
ject is. We have on our table a report (which
1 think is one of the most extraordinary doc-
uments ever laid on our table) from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in which he sets forth that
he has undertaken to disobev the act of Con-
gress proscribing the oath. He makes this re-
port deliberately. In the course of it he says:
"Even if the offices were desirable to any but res-
idents, 1 have not supposed that it would he the pol-
icy of Congress to subjcct the people of the South to
the_ humiliation, or thcrevenue system to the odium,
which would he the result of employing northern men
to collect Federal taxes in the southern States; and I
have not doubted that Congress would so modify the
oath that this Department would be sustained in em-
ploying m the collecting of the revenues those who,
ny ciieum*tanccs which they could not control, had
been forced into the rebellion, but of whoso present
loyalty there is no question,''
lie then proceeds to report that James M.
Matthews entered upon the duties of collector
ot the customs at Tappahunnock, Virginia;
William S. Croft upon the duties of collector
atGeorgetown, South Carolina; Gordon Forbes
the duties of surveyor at Yeocomico, Virginia;
William Y. Lcilch the duties of surveyor at
Charleston, South Carolina: F. M. Robertson
the dut ies of special examiner ofdrugs at Charles-
ton, South Carolina; Edgar M. Lazarus the du-
ties of appraiser at Charleston. South Carolina;
J. F. W. Walter the duties of appraiser at
Charleston, South Carolina, without taking this
oath; and he adds, by way of supplement to his
report, the form of the oath which they did take,
being an alteration of the oath prescribed by
Congress. Now, if this had been in 0110 case
or two eases, it might, have been an accident;
but it is not an accident; the Secretary7 ac-
knowledges it all; he avows it as a system on
which he entered. He then goes on and fur-
nishes a li-t of some—I have not counted them,
but I should say there must be some twenty-live
names of officers who have entered upon their
functions without taking this oath, in addition
to the list which I have already read.
Now, it seems to me that this course on the
part of the Secretary ought to be coi rented. I
know no way in which it can be readied except
through the action of Congress. It scorns to
me. therefore. Congress ought, in the most
formal way to remind the Secretary of the aet
which he has chosen to set aside. Nobody here
of course recognizes his power to set aside an
