2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
compliance with the grant. But no man in
business would accept such security.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am glad my col-
league has interrupted me for the purpose of
making the observations which he lias and
calling my attention to the fact he has stated.
Sir, it does strike me that this is the coolest
and most impudent proposition that has ever
been made to Congress. We granted this rail-
road company a strip of land forty miles wide
in order to build the road, and now they
come back and-say, " If you will give us money
instead of land with which to build it we will
give you the security of one half of the land
which you gave us or rather, one half of the
proceeds of the sale.
Well, now, it strikes me, as I think it must
strike every member of the House, that it is a
very cool and impudent proposition to make to
the Government of the United States, that we
shall take one half of the gift wo made them
as security for money necessary to build the
road; for it amounts to the same thing. If
■vve pay the interest on the stock, we build the
road ; we pay the stock itself, for money can
always be procured upon interest; and if the
Government will assume to pay six per cent,
interest for twenty years on the money used in
building the road, it might as well build the
road at once, and much better, if the road is
to be built in this way, is it not better that the
Government itself, through its own agents,
shall build, own, and control the road, rather
than leave its benefits to an irresponsible com-
pany?
Mr, Speaker, I have occupied more time in
discussing this question than I intended when
1 rose. Sir, I am a, western man. J represent
a large western constituency, engaged in agri-
culture and manufacturing pursuits. They
are certainly as much interested in all the
great lines of western communication as are
the constituents of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. WoomiiuDCE.) Wo are not here
as western men to oppose the opening of com-
munication to the Pacific coast by railroad ;
by no means. But we are here to defend the
Treasury of (lie United States from these reek-
less assaults that are made; upon it. 1 yield
the residue of my time to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall. |
_ Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
time allotted to mo is so short that it will be
impossible lor me to enter into any argument
in reference to this bill. 1 shall therefore
content myself with calling the attention of the
House to one or two matters which, it seems
to me, should command their consideration.
We have here a project of immense impor-
tance; and 1 wish to know of those gentlemen
who mean to vote for this bill, where in the
Constitution of the United States, from one end
of it to the other, they find the power to spend
money or to make appropriation of the money
raised by taxation for such purposes as are here
proposed.
Sir, the greatest latitudinarian construction-
ist of the Constitution can find no warrant in
it for the expenditure of this $.">7,000,000 of
the people's money. I am sure that any man
who-was educated in the school of strict con-
struction will not for a moment entertain the
thought of voting for this project. Sir, this is
not within the terms of the powers granted to
Congress by the Constitution, nor is it within
the spirit of that grant.
Now, let me call the attention of the House
to the question of the necessity and propriety
of this measure, of this expenditure of money.
I his bill comes here at a most unfortunate
time ; at a time when our Treasury, as was so
beautifully described by my colleague, [Mr.
Keller] is in a depleted and almost exhausted
condition. He tells us that by adopting this
measure we shall pour into the Treasury untold
Bums of money. Why, sir, he killed his argu-
ment with his own words. He admits that our
Treasury is exhausted; and yet he is willing to
Jtliciw these people to put their arms still deeper
|nto the Tt cusury,
ijow; 1 would not object so much to this
measure if we were not so overwhelmingly in
debt. But, as was so ably and so eloquently
said on yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Delano,] our debt to-day will approach
§4,000,000,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DONNELLY obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. X hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
will have five minutes more time given to him.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will yield five minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
obliged to the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Donnelly] for his courtesy.
Now, I ask the majority of this House, I ask
you gentlemen on the other side, who will be
responsible for the passage of this hill, where
you mean to stop in this expenditure of the
money of the people. Where do you mean to
halt in this system of expending the money
taken from a people already overburdened by
taxation ?
This expenditure is not for any legitimate
purpose. I have failed to hear any argument
which would warrant such an expenditure at
this time. We are told that we are to get
something back. They coolly propose to mort-
gage to us one half of our own lands which we
have heretofore given to this company to secure
the payment of what we are called upon to
guaranty. How flimsy a security! How bold
an argument I
Moreover, wo are told that twenty-five per
cent, of the receipts of the road, during the
twenty years for which we are asked to guar-
anty this money, is to be paid into the Treas-
ury of the Government. Does not every busi-
ness man, who has ever had any connection
with railroad matters, know that no such profits
will be realized? And when you come to ask
plainly and pointedly this question of the friends
of this project, whether they believe that any
such profits will ever come from this road, they
toll you that they hope they may. Sir, there
is no such probability.
Now, sir, 1 am not a little surprised that my
distinguished colleague, [Mr. Khjxby,] a gen-
tleman from tin1 very same city which 1 repre-
sent in part, should come hero and deliver a
beautiful essay upon this great subject. ]t
reminded me very much of some sermons I
have heard. They were beautiful in language;
they were filled with flights of fancy ; they
contained many castles in the air, but when
I went home and began to consider upon them,
I found that I could not remember anything
that was in them. Now, 1 have listened to
the argument of my colleague; 1 have heard
about his castles in the air, his railroads in
fairy land with golden tracks, yet in his whole
argument he did not present us with a single
fact, nor did ho advance any reason whatever
in behalf of this work. Does he not know that
he is trying to force upon the people of his
district, as their share of this expenditure, the
sum of about three hundred thousand dollars?
Have his constituents asked him in any public
manner to vote for this expenditure ? So far
as I know they have not. Surely no such
instruction has been given to me.
I say again to the majority on this floor,
where do you mean to stop in these nefarious
schemes of public plunder? How soon will
you realize that the people of this country are
overburdened with taxation ; that our debt is
immense, reaching an amount which in no other
country of the world would be so cheerfully
paid? Recollect that wo must not heap too
much on an already overloaded people. We
should go back to the strict economy of former
days. Why, sir, in the earlier days of this
Republic, such projects as this were never heard
of, or, if proposed, were promptly frowned
down. Let any man read the veto messages
of Mr. Monroe and General Jackson, and he
will see how those great men viewed such
schemes as this.
I hope, sir, that the House will not pass this
measure. I hope that, if it should not be laid
upon tha table, it will at least be referred to the i
Committee on Public Lands, so that, we can
have a report which will explain fully the effect
of this bill, which will show us to what extent
we are involving the Government in an expend-
iture of money. I hope that the Committee
on Public Lands, if the bill should be referred
to that committee, will give us a full and satis-
factory report, which the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad has failed to do.
The SPEAKER. The time allowed to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania by the gentleman
from Minnesota has expired.
Mr. DONNELLY resumed the floor.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman from Min-
nesota yield to me that I may offer an amend-
ment ?
Mr. DONNELLY. I prefer not to yield
any further at this time.
Mr. Speaker, the bill now before the House
is of so much consequence to the people of
the entire nation, and more particularly to thei
States known as the northwestern States, and'
especially to the State which I have the honor
in part to represent here, that I should con-
sider myself false to my duty toward my con-
stituents if I did not occupy a brief period of
time in its advocacy.
The proposition contained in this bill is a
very plain and very simple one. It is in effect
that the United States shall indorse, for a
limited period of time, a limited portion of
the stock of this company. It is that, the
United States shall guaranty the stock of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company upon the
gross amount of $57,000,000, or an average
amount of aboutthirty-two thousand dollars per
mile, for the period of twenty years. I hope it
is distinctly understood in the House that this
guarantee does not in any case extend beyond
the period of twenty years, nor does it in any
way extend to the principal of any part of
the bonds of the company.
The whole question, then, for this House to
determine is whether the United States Gov-
ernment will be safe in making such a guaran-
tee, because it must be apparent to all that if
the United States can build this great road,
reaching from the head of Lake Superior to
Puget sound, through a distance of eighteen
hundred miles, and do it without incurring any
loss to itself, it should by all means give the
aid which is asked. This matter, then, resolves
it self into the simple question, is the United
States safe in taking such a step ?
Now, we have had presented here by the
opponents of this bill quotation after quotation
from pamphlets and from speeches to show
that the land grant already made to the com-
pany is of such enormous value that it alone
ought to enable the company to build the road;
that in any event it is of sucli great value that
when the road shall have been constructed the
land adjacent to it and already granted to the
company will be equal in value to the total cost
of the road itself.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if all these statements
are true then this Government runs no risk
whatever in giving the guarantee which is
asked for, because the property of the com-
pany, when the road shall have been built,
will be worth all that will have been expended
upon it, and will therefore most assuredly be
ample security for the interest upon a limited
portion of the stock.
We were told yesterday by the gentleman
from Ohio upon my left ["Mr." Sfalding] that
the land grant already made to this company
is abundantly sufficient to build the road, and
to prove it he read to us an extract from a let-
ter of Hon. John Wilson, Third Auditor of
the Treasury. I ask the Clerk to again read
that extract.
The Clerk read as follows:
"I have not the figures, nor would I now be able
i w°rk thorn up if I had, but comparing this with
the Illinois Central railroad grant, 1 think it a small
estimate to say that if this grant is propel ly managed
it will build the entire road, connecting with the pres-
ent terminus of the Grand Trunk, throus'h to Puget
sound and head of navigation on the Columbia; fit
oat an entire fleet for the China, East India, and
coasting trade of sailing vessels a.nd steamers, and
leave a surplus that will roll up to millions."
