1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
mm
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of New Jersey, praying for an equalization of
bounties of the soldiers who served in the late
war; which was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to wham were re-
ferred three memorials of Norman Wiard, in
relation to contracts for furnishing vessels to
the War and Navy Departments, asked to be
discharged from theirfurtherconsideration, and
that they be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
WEIGHING OF EXPORTS.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred a
bill (H. R. No. 480) to provide for and to reg-
ulate the weighing of exports, and for other pur-
poses, to report it back without amendment. I
ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that tyson all weigh able
articles hereafter exported, upon which a draw-
back or return duty is allowed, and upon all
weigliable goods withdrawn from bonded ware-
houses for export, there shall be levied and
collected, by the collectors of the several ports,
three cents per hundred pounds, to be deter-
mined by the returns of the weighers.
The bill further proposes to abolish the office
of measurer at the port of New York, and pro-
vides that the duties heretofore performed by
them shall be performed by the weighers. The
weighers at the port of New York are to receive
an annual salary of $2,500; but the increase of
compensation over and above their present sal-
ary is not to exceed, in any fiscal year, the
amount of fees earned by them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ANN E. SMOOT.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a little bill that
was in charge of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Chagin,] who is sick, which will
take no time, and he wanted me to call it up.
It is House bill No. 422. I move to proceed
to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. li. No. 422) for the relief
of Mrs. Ann B. Smoot, widow of Captain
Joseph Smoot. It proposes to extend the
benefit of the sixth section of an act to
amend an act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy, approved January 16, 185!), to Mrs.
Ann E. Smoot, widow of the late Captain
Joseph Smoot, of the United States Navy,
and to direct the proper accounting officers of
"the Treasury to pay her the amount her hus-
band was receiving at the time he was placed
on the reserved list on furlough pay, to the
date of his death, deducting therefrom what-
ever amount he may have received in the mean
time on account of pay.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
an amendment to the bill in lines nine and ten
to strike out the words "amount her said hus-
band was receiving" and in lieu thereof to
insert " waiting orders pay of his rank which
her said husband would be entitled to receive."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
.in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the joint resolution for the
relief of the builders of the Camanche. It
will only occupy a moment.
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 259.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. I insist on the
regular order of business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There will be no debate
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The bill
(H. R. No. 737) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1807, and for other
purposes, is now before the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the pending question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] on page 10,
after line two hundred and eighteen, to insert:
For a light-house at Grand Portage, mouth of
Pigeon river, Minnesota, $6,000, subject to the ap-
proval of the Light-Houso Board as to tho necessity
of this light.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will be passed
over until the Senator comes in. He was giv-
ing some information about it at the time of
tli6 recess
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over for the present.
Mr. MORRILL. I call the attention of the
Senator from Ohio to the sixteenth page of this
bill, where is this item, "to grade East Capitol
street $3,000." I move to strike it out. There
is some misapprehension about that, I pre-
sume. The Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia reported a bill to appropriate some
$15,000 for grading East Capitol street and
fencing Lincoln square at the end of that street,
and it has been passed. This item ought to
be stricken out, undoubtedly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend on page
15 by striking out lines three hundred and
forty-nine and three hundred and fifty, namely,
"for taking care of the Circle on Pennsylvania
avenue, $1,000." Unless the Finance Com-
mittee have information which I have not, I
cannot understand how that can be possible.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is in the regular
estimates.
Mr. MORRILL. But I cannot conceive that
it is very regular. How taking care of the Circle',
which is a little plat of ground entirely fenced
in, should involve a cost of $1,000, seems in-
conceivable. I move to strike it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I call the attention of the
committee, on tho same page, to another item,
in line three hundred and fifty three, "for re-
moval of nuisances, $10,000." I move to strike
out those words.
Mr. SHERMAN. This was the estimate of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings and was
allowed by the House of Repiesentatives ; was
in the bill when it came from the House. I
am not sufficiently informed about it. ^ I think
the chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds ought to understand about
this.
Mr. MORRILL. It is clear enough that
somebody ought .to be responsible for these
improvements, and I am led to criticise this
from the fact that I know there are a good many
items in this bill which ought to have been
submitted either to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds or to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOR1ULL. I move further to amend by
striking out, on the same page, lines three hun-
dred and forty-one, three hundred and forty-
two, and three hundred and forty-three of sec-
tion one, namely, "for repairs ot Pennsylvania
avenue, and sprinkling the same, and keeping it
clean andfree from dirt, $10,000." We make
appropriations for that avenue, but they are
always submitted either to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds or to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. There are
some specific appropriations here for Pennsyl-
vania avenue, but it will bo seen by reference
to this item that it is impossible to tell what
it is for. '' For repairs of Pennyslvania ave-
nue" 
Mr. SHERMAN. The repairs of the pave-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, "And sprinkling the same,
and keeping it clean and free from dirt, $10,-
000. _ Wo have boen in the habit of cleaning
it, but it is inconceivable that it is the duty of
the Government to sprinkle this street when
we have boen to an expense of over three mil-
lion dollars in bringing water here, and there
is an abundant supply of water, and we have
put down main pipes everywhere, and it is only
to be let on. Now, thattho Government should
be called on to incur the expense of sprinkling
the avenue it seems to me is absurd. I move
to strike it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought not to be
stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL. On the same page, lines
three hundred and forty-four, three hundred
and forty-five, and three hundred and forty-
six, I find this item;
For public reservation No. 2 and Lafayetto square
m addition to the sale of hay which may be raised on
tho former, $3,000.
If the Finance Committee have any informa-
tion in relation to that, I will not move to strike
it out; but it seems to mo the very statement
of the thing shows the absurdity of it. "For
public reservation No. 2" 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the reservation east
of the President's grounds.
Mr. MORRILL. "And Lafayette square,
in addition to the sale of hay." It will be seen
that there is an item of S500 for repairing tho
iron gates on Lafayette square, and then° si ill
further a specific appropriation, and then comes
in this general appropriation, for tho square,
accompanied with the public reservation. It
is impossible for anybody to know when we
have got done appropriating, if appropriations
can be made in this way, and these parties are
not required to come before the proper com-
mittees and state specifically the necessity for
these appropriations. I make these proposi-
tions as a whole for tho purpose of calling the
attention of the Committee on Finance to them
so that wo may have some understanding how
these appropriations are to bo made and on
what basis.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds is not
here. He would probably be able to give the
Senate more information on these matters.
Mr. MORRILL. These propositions should
properly go before the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not. There has
boen always since I have been a member of
Congress an appropriation varying from ,->1.000
and upward for the repair of Pennsylvania
avenue.
Mr. MORRILL. Sometimes much larger.
Mr. SHBKMAN. Then there is Ik ,v aiTap-
propriatiou for public reservation No. 2 and La-
fayette square. Lafayette square is in front of
the President's House, and reservation No. 2 is
immediately east of it, and I have no doubt a
considerable sum of money is required to keep
it in repair. We generally have allowed Ihese
appropriations for public buildings and grounds
to rest with the Committee onVublio Liuildin< s
anil Grounds, .and usually have added to tiieTn
rather than taken away from them. I will slate
that all these appropriations are in the regular
estimates submitted to us by the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, and he is continually ask-
ing for an increase.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt that is so;
but I do not understand that the Commissioner
of Public Buildings is the organ of the Senate,
through whom the Committee on Finance
should be informed.
Mr. SHERMAN. But these items come to
us in the regular estimates from the Treasury
Department. They ax-e here in the printed
estimates.
Mr. GRIMES. Then it results in this sim-
ply, that the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, who makes this estimate, is the author of
our legislation, inasmuch as whatever lie does
the Committee of Ways and Means and the
Committee on Finance incorporate into their
financial bills and pass through Congress,
