1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1249
not want lobe interrupted, and though I did
not try to interrupt him, I will follow his ex-
ample, and for the reason more especially that
I am a now member and am not very familiar
with this matter, and I do not want to get my
head wool-gathering, for I am not in the wool
business nor in the iron business. And as I
have neither notes nor yet a written speech, as
those I follow mostly had, I would now prefer
not to be interrupted.
Now, sir, let me say, if notwithstanding the
large duty imposed upon iron, there can be
some little iron introduced, having more duty
upon it you will prohibit entirely the importa-
tion of it, and then you will derive no revenue
from that source. Now, I would be willing to
say that we should lxave nothing but internal
revenue duties but in that ease have no tariff. I
would be willing that we should have nothing
but an internal roveuue taxation. But while
we have this complex system of internal and
external duties, and an apparent idea is held
out to many that goods may be introduced
into this country by paying a large tariff', and
while by the system of duplex taxation, first
upon the commodity and then upon the people
who consume it, paying the internal revenue
duties thereon, we are crowding the people to
death, the time is not distant when, if this sys-
tem is carried on, the people of this country
will wipe out your tariff entirely, andsay, "Let
every tub stand on its own bottom."
By our tariff we invite from all the world
articles we need for use; but yet, while the hope
is held out to the people that by these duties on
imports wo are to pay the interest in great part
upon our public debt, yet by the high duties
you impose you virtually prohibit importation,
thereby precluding you from getting any or but
little revenue from the tariff', and yet you en-
hance the price to the consumer, and enable
the manufacturer to add the duty to his goods
and thus put money in liis pocket. Sometimes
he crowds the price up so that the foreign com-
modity can afford to pay the duty and come
into the country, thus allowingtlie people some
competition; but instead ol'reducing his profits,
he comes at once to Congress and will be
ruined unless you give higher duty, more pro-
tection. Where, where will this stop?
Mr. Chairman, I caution gentlemen to beware
in reference to this matter. This thing has gone
on, and gone on, and gone on, and the more
you have given the more has been demanded
of you. At every session of Oonaress there
has been a demand for increased duties. You
have propositions made in every Congress to
increase the duties upon commodities manu-
factured by men who are counting up their
hundreds of thousands of dollars annually as
income from manufactures that do not pay any-
thing and yet need to be protected ! I tell you,
Mr. Chairman, and I tell this committee, that
unless they think more of the demands of the
people and less of the demands of the manu-
facturers and monopolists, they will put on that
feather which finally breaks the camel's back,
and the people will crush out this thing of
protection eutiiely.
Mr. GRISW OLD. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. HOGAN. Well, yes.
Mr. G-IUSWOLD. I desire to state, by the
permission of the gentleman, for his informa-
tion and that of the House, that T am author-
ized to state positively and unqualifiedly, that
the report which we shall have in a very few
days from the board that has been investigating
the industrial interests of the country, will prove
that upon the capital invested in manufactur-
ing for twenty years past the average profit has
not been two and a half per cent.
Mr. HOGAN. Well, that will be a great
curiosity. I would really like to see that report.
While I have been lor twenty years a purchaser
of commodities, and have been in the habit of
dealing with large manufacturers, 1 have not
found any of them in all that time who have
pursued their business and have not made very
large amounts of money.
Now. I would like to ask the gentleman from
39tii Conu. 1st Se.^.—Mo. 79.
New York if thatinformationwas derived from
manufacturers.
Mr. GiUSWOLD. Why, yes.
Mr. HOGAN. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. GiUSWOLD. It is the result of the
evidence drawn from manufacturers all over
this country. What I have stated is the result
of absolute figures. If hereafter it shall ap-
pear that I am wrong, I will acknowledge it
frankly.
Mr. IIOGAN. I know that these singular
facts are alleged. We know how terribly these
manufacturers hate to tell about these things,
that they are absolutely going to ruin. They
want, of course, to stand fair before the com-
munity. They would like to ride in their car-
riages very finely; to drive fast horses ; to build
lovely palaces; but all these things are but a
figment of the imagination to induce the peo-
ple to believe that they are rich. When a
revenue commission summons th em before it to
draw the facts out of them—and it is like draw-
ing eye-teeth—they are compelled to say "Wo
haven't made a red [laughter]—not a dollar;
we have not been making a dime for the last
ten years; we have been patriotically running
large mills and increasing the productions of
the country solely for the benefit of the country;
of course we had no interest in it; we had better
have quit five years ago, and then we would not
have lost the immense sums that we have lost
during these last five-years of terrible strife and
war.!'
No, sir, no; the gentleman cannot present,
such facts to me as coming from a source that
would challenge my own unqualified belief.
Not that I would doubt his word for a moment,
but "facts are stubborn things," and all these
men have shown that they arc rich ; they have
been growing rich and liavcbeen fattening upon
the very life-blood of the American people,
sucking the blood out of the people of this
country, who are not protected by your laws.
Why, sir, these men are constantly here ask-
ing for more protection—constantly. There is
scarcely a day passes that somebody does not
come here asking increased protection, in-
creased protection for anything, for everything.
The man who makes five thousand a year as a
manufacturer knows perfectly well that he can
double his money if you will only give him a
dollar's additional duty on the article he man-
ufactures; he will kneel tor it, beg for it. urge
it before the committees of Congress ; and it is
said that such men can afford to pay a little
money to get these things done. I do not know
how that is. I have seen nothing of thai kind
myself, but that is the allegation in the country.
1 know one thing, that plenty of men can afford
to leave their business, and to leave all their
affairs in 1he hands of others, and come here
to log-roll before Congress in order to get ad-
ditional protection to put money into their
pockets at the expense of the people.
Now, Mr. Chairman. 1 have said a grent deal
more than 1 intended when 1 rose, and 1 leave
the subject with the Ilnuse.
Mr. MOl'IULL obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Moiirill] yield to me for about
ten minutes?
Mr. MORRILL. I will yield to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] presently.
Mr. Chairman, 1 perceive from the temper
exhibited by this committee in regard to this
bill. that, it will very likely be amended and pos-
sibly be lost. But 1 desire to fully discharge
my own duty in the premises.
I was an earnest and an early advocate of the
termination of the reciprocity treaty. I perceive
that members here have advanced \ery much
perhaps beyond my standard. For one I desired
that we should terminate that treaty in order
that we might obtain revenue from those arti-
\ cles which, were locked up in the reciprocity
I treaty. I desired also that we might terminate
' that most unreciprocal of reciprocal treaties
J which the wit of man ever devised, because it
was an unequal bargain. I hoped that we
I might obtain all that we had obtained under the
i reciprocity treaty, and also obtain a very con-
siderable sum of revenue for ourTreasury. But
it seems that the present committee is not ready
even for that. And I fear that they are disposed
to take_ no action on this bill; to defeat it by
laying it on the_ table or by recommitting it.
The distinguished gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. F. Thomas^ never rises in this House to
address us but I feel the most profound respect
for the statesmanlike manner and the dignity
and the ability with which he discusses a ques-
tion. And yet when he announced in his re-
marks of yesterday that his State had invested
$12,000,000 in a canal and $18,000,000 in a rail-
road to bring coal to the tide-water, it did strike
me that he had not observed that in the course
of the remarks which I had the honor to sub-
mit I gave the intimation that there was to be
some compensation even in not allowing but
fifty cents per ton duty upon provincial coal. I
suggested that the Committee of Ways and
Means might very possibly, and at an early day,
report a hill by which the present internal duty
on coal would be remitted, and also that the
present tax upon the gross receipts for freight
upon railroads might be remitted. Let me
say to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. F.
Thomas] that that amounts to twice or thriee
as much as the specific duty on coal, for all of
our coals have more or less to be transported
a considerable distance before they reach a
market.
Then the coals that we receive from the Prov-
inces are not a majority of the coals that wo
receive from abroad. Wc rcccivc much more
coal from Europe than we do from the Prov-
inces, all of whiehpays, and will still pay, $1 25
duty. That seemsnotto have been considered
by the gentleman from Maryland.
Now, it strikes mo that if these millions of
dollars of capital invested in the canal and in
the railroad could have their voice here, they
would be quite ready to compromise as wo pro-
pose, and to say that if they could be relieved
from the tax upon their j ross receipts they
would run their risk of finding a market for tho
coal they mine as well as that of any diminution
of freight.
A remark was made by tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. ICei.t.kv] winch I will notice
briclly. I know it was not said in any unkind
spirit; but lie made a remark intimating that
the returns which I took from our book*of com-
mercial relations represented a falsehood to
this House. What were those returns? That
we sent into the Provinces $■555,000 worth of
eoal in 1804, while we received from the Prov-
inces §883,000 worth. Now, is not that true?
Then the gentleman represents that there is as
much difference between bituminous coal and
anthracite eoal as between chalk and cheese.
1 do not so understand it. I understand that
for most purposes bituminous coal can be used
as well as anthracite coal, and anthracite coal
as well as bituminous coal. For gas purposes
anthracite coal cannot be soused.
Mr. KELLKY. I desire simply to say to
the gentle man that if he understood any lan-
guage of mine as attributing to him a con-
scious misstatement, or if the House under-
stood me as making any such intimation, then
my language did great injustice to my feelings.
Mr. MOIUIILL. I did not so understand
him ; but 1 understood him as saying that fig-
ures might sometimes convey a very stupen-
dous falsehood. If I had understood him of-
fensively, I might have retorted upon him
by quoting one of our profoundest moralists,
who says that a man who makes a declara-
tion, not knowing it to be true, utters a false-
hood. The gentleman did not know whether
this coal that we export to the British I rov-
inces was bituminous or anthracite, because
there is no return that shows the tact one way
or the other. It was as impossible for liim to
know as it was for me.
Mr. KELLEY. I he collateral facts, Mr.
Chairman, all demonstrate the correctness of
the statement which 1 made. It is not custom-
ary to prove a negative j and the gentleman
cannot prove the affirmative to the contrary of
what I stated.
