1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3160
to vote with traitors? Ah, sir, is not that a
novel mode of punishing traitors which rein-
vests them atonco with all their former powers,
'and as a premium for treason gives them an
additional political power equal to that exer-
cised by six loyal States? If the eleven rebel
States were admitted now they would have
twenty-two Senators. The other five States
■which belonged to the slaveholding class, name-
ly, Kentucky, Delaware, Maryland, Missouri,
and West Virginia, would doubtless add five
more, giving them twenty-seven Senators.
It will be seen by reference to the census of
1860 and the apportionment of 18G1 that the
eleven confederate States have fifty-eight Rep-
resentatives. Giving them one half the rep-
resentation from the five Slates just named,
(they are reasonably certain of a much greate'r
proportion,) and they will have seventy-one.
Add the thirteen Representatives which they
will receive, as just shown, by reason of the
abolition of slavery, and they will have eighty-
four members and twenty-seven Senators, mak-
ing at least one hundred and eleven votes in
the Electoral College. They will thus have
more than one third of both the Senate and
House, and more than one third of the votes
for President and Vice President of the United
States. This power will be in the control ot
a white population embracing less than one
sixth of the whole population of the country.
So that the effect of this policy will be to give
to less than one sixth of the people (a large
majority of whom are disloyal,) more than
one third of the political power of the whole.
If by any means they can secure one sixth
more of the representation they will have a
majority iu Congress and in the Electoral Col-
lege, and will of course elect their own Presi-
ideut and make laws to suit themselves.
■Does any one who has given the least atten-
tion to the working of political parties in this
country believe for a moment that a compact,
well-drilled organization at the South, which
needs only one sixth of the representation from
the Xorth to give it control ot the Government,
will have any difficulty iu obtaining that sixth?
I think not? That party at the North which is
now willing, for the sake of political alliance
with rebels, to thus disfranchise its own sec-
tion and inflict so wicked an injustice upon the
loyal people, may well be trusted to go far
enough to reap the fruits of such an unholy
alliance. If by such combination a majority
could be secured in Congress, the southern
wing of the party would have so largo a pro-
portion of that majority that they would of
course insist, as they always have done, upon
controlling the organization of the House and
dictating the formation of its'coinmittees. This
being done, what may we reasonably expect?
First, cither the assumption of the rebel debt
or the repudiation of our own. No man not
totally blinded by partisan zeal can for a mo-
ment beliovc that the representatives from the
South, with the control of Congress in their
hands, will meekly, year after year, vote appro-
priations and tax their constituents to pay inter-
est on a debt contracted, as they affirm, in
waging an unjust war upon them, unless the
people of the North reciprocate by taxing them-
selves, to pay the debt of the South, incurred,
as they contend, in self defense.
The next thing we may 'certainly anticipate
will be a demand for compensation for the loss
of slaves, amounting to a sum far greater than
the entire cost of the war. This demand we
' will have no more power to resist than the
former, and it will be either paid or compro-
mised by a consent to reenslave by some other
name their negroes.
Then will be presented the question of boun-
ties to our soldiers and pensions to the dis-
abled and the widows and orphans of the dead.
With such a majority controlling the Govern-
ment, how will this question bo met ? Precisely
as we have seen in the case of the national and
rebel debts. They will refuse to appropriate
money to pay pensions and bounties to our sol-
diers and to their widows and orphans unless
similar provisions are made for theirs. They
3'Jtji CoNtt. 1st Sr??.—No. I1,);)
will demand, and the demand will be conceded,
that those who fought iu the ranks of treason
shall be placed upon an equality with the pa-
triot heroes who bore the flag of the Republic
through so many bloody battles. And why not?
If the " lost cause" was so commendable that
we are willing to confer upon the South thir-
teen additional Representatives as the reward
of her efforts, will it be very difficult to show
that the men who were disabled in defending
that cause should be provided for as well, at
least, as those who endeavored to overthrow
it? But 1 am told that the South would be in
a minority, and that none of these things could
be done without the aid of the North, and that
such aid could not be given. Away with this
delusion, sir! I repeat that the party which
to-day, for the sake of power to be gained from
rebel alliances, is clamoring for a basis of rep-
resentation so flagrantly unjust and so obviously
exposed to the dangers suggested, may for the
same reason be implicitly relied upon to give
all the aid that will be required. The same men
who sympathized with rebellion throughout the
war, whose indignation was never stirred by any
of the atrocities committed by the rebels, whose
patriotism could rejoice at Union defeats and
mourn over Union victories, who conspired
with foreign Governments against their own
country, and who denounced the noble Lincoln
as a tyrant and our soldiers as his hirelings,
will not be slow to obey the behests of their
southern masters when they are once more
installed in their places of power.
But I must not dwell longer upon this much
talked of "policy.I have endeavored only'
to suggest some of its more prominent features,
and to point out some of its inevitable results.
If anything more than its mere statement be
needed to secure for it the reprobation of all.
loyal men, it will be found iu The character of-
its suppuitcrs. I do not deny that some good
men, who have not taken the trouble to thor-
oughly investigate it, approve it. But 1 can-
not doubt that such men will soon awake in
utter astonishment at the company in which
they find themselves ; and that when the Pres-
ident looks about him and finds that in this
House not a single man amsng all those who
supported him for the Vice Presidency indorses
it, and that the House truly rcllects the loyal
sentiment of the country, he .will be induced
to reconsider and reject it. While it is true
that some good men approve it, it is equally
true that there is not an enemy of republican
institutions, at home or abroad, who does not
eulogize it and glorify its author. Every promi-
nent rebel whose hands are yet red with the
blood of our murdered defenders extols it.
Every keeper of southern prison-pens, whose
ears were dca{. lo the supplications of starving
prisoners, commends it. The happy possessors
of drinking-cup3 made of the skulls of our
fallen heroes drink to ics success. Lee, Beau-
regard, Moseby, Forrest, Semuies, A. 11. Ste-
phens, and a host of other like woililies, pro-
nounce it the only proper theoiy of restoration.
Every aristocrat in Europe, who during the
war conspired with our enemies and poured
contempt upon our cause and our efforts, praises
it. Northern sympathizers, who traduced and
maligned Mr. Lincoln and his Administration,
are in ecstaeies over it.
Why such commendations from such men?
Is there nothing in their unanimous and enthu-
siastic indorsement to arouse the suspicion of
the thinking and patriotic that some great mis-
chief, some imminent danger, may lurk beneath
it? When traitors praise, let patriots beware.
It promises peace, immediate restoration, uni-
versal harmony, but beneath are concealed
injustice, cowardice, treachery, and ruin.
Antagonized to this is the policy of the Union
party, sometimes called the "congressional
policy." xVs enunciated by the measures al-
ready passed and those now pending, it declares:
1. That tho secession of a Stale and the
rebellion of its people "deprives it of all civil
government'' and abrogates"all its rights and
privileges in the Union, but does not in any
wav affect its obligations to the Union.
2. That such State can be restored only ~ti?
the act of the loyal people, expressed through
their representatives in Congress, and until
such restoration takes place its people have no
right to demand representation.
3. That it is the duty of Congress to first
ascertain whether or not the people of the South
are in a condition to .participate, safely, in
administering the Government. If they are,
to restore them at once. If they are not, to
provide, as conditions-precedent to their admis-
sion, snch irreversible guarantees as will insure
the safety of the Republic and prevent future
rebellious.
After a full and careful investigation, believ-
ing that the people of the South are not in a
condition to safely participate in the Govern-
ment without additional guarantees, and that
amendments to the Constitution have become
imperatively necessary by reason of the changed
condition of affairs, Congress proposes to sub-
mit to the people of all the States, for their
ratification or rejection, the following amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States :
Aktici.12 —.
Resolved hv the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing article bo proposed to tho Legislatures of tho
Severn) States us an amendment to the Constitution
of the United stales, which when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures shall be valid as part of
the Constitution, mynely:
Aktici.e —.
Sue. 1. All persons born or n.itui alized in the Uni-
ted States, and subiect to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens ol tile, Tinted States and of the State wherein
tliej reside. No Slate shall make or enforce any law
wh'eh hh::ll abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United Slates; nor shall any State
deprive any per.Mi'i oi lile, hbert\, or piopevty With-
out due im>ce=* oi' l.iw, nor deny to ai.y pel .-on within
its iuti-dictioii tiie euual nioteciion ot tin; laws.
Sue:. lieniv..en lanvi^shall bo apportioned among
the ,scv ei al Siaks aceoriling to titeir respective num-
bers, eouutin tiie whole number ot petrous in each
State, extending Indian* not taxed. l>ut when the
right to vote at any el"oiion lor Um choice ot electors
for President ami Vkc President of the United States,
Representatives in ConKros.-,, the executive ami judi-
cial otficeis of a State, or the niembeis of the_ Lcgis-
latuie tbeieof, i> denied lo anv ol (tie male inhabi-
tants of sivlt Slate, being twenty-one years of ago,
and citizens of the United St.ites, or ill any way
abridged, except tor participation in rebellion or
other crime, the basis of representation.therein .shall
be reduced in the proportion which tiie number of
such malecitizous .shall bear to the whole number of
male citizen* twenl> -oneyeai^ot a ice in such State.
Sec. Ko poison sliali lie a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any oilice, civil or military, under
the United States or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oatli as a member tt Congress,
or as an officer of the United Slater, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an exeeulive or judi-
cial oflieer of any Slate, to suppoit tho Constitution
of tho United States, shall have engaged ill in.sunec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
eomfoit to tho enemies thereof lint Congicsrs may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability. 1 T
Skc. !. The validity of the public debt of the Uni-
ted States authorized by law. including doijts ineurred
for payment of pen-ions and bounties for servieu m
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned, lint neither tho United State; n_.r any
SLale shall assume or pay tiny dt ft or obligation in-
curred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the
Unded Stat e-, oi any claim for tiie lo:-, oi emancipa-
tion of anj slave, but all such debt*, obligations, and
claims shall be held illegal nriil void.
Sko. n. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the piovisiona ot tnis
article.
These ai'O the only changes proposed to the
Constitution. Are tlioy not all^ generous and
just? The injustice, if any, of the first sec-
tion consists in not including political as well
as civil equality among its guarantees. The
freedman who saved the life of the Czar _of
Russia was at once raised to the dignity ot a
nobleman. Tho freedman who helped us to
save the life of the great Itepublic is still lo
remain a political pariah, without even the
power to defend himself at the ballot-box.
And yet when it is proposed to say to the baf-
fled parricide, who has forfeited life, liberty,
property, and citizenship, " Your life shall be
spared, your liberty shall be unabridged, your
property shall be protected, you may again
enjoy the rights you have renounced and for-
feited," he complains of severity aud want of
magnanimity, because he is required to respect
the life, liberty, and property of the freedman.
