3170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Is it not the negro rather than the_ rebel who
has reason to complain of this section ?
Is, there anything unjust or ungenerous in the_
second section, which provides a basis of rep-"
resentation equitable to all sections, and cor-
rects the glaring inequalities which we have
seen will otherwise exist? The propriety and
necessity of this sectipn are so apparent that
its mere statement is the strongest possible
argument in favor of its adoption. It does not
propose to humilitate the South or deny her
a single right. It demands only that she shall
stand on ah exact equality with ourselves.
Nothing more and nothing less. I would like
to see the man who can stand before a loyal
constituency and contend that a southern rebel
shall be clothed with twice as much political
power as a northern loyalists
Let our Democratic friends who voted
against this section go home and tell their
constituents the plain truth, that under the
Constitution, and by reason of changes effected
by the war, each and every rebel vote counts
as much in the election of President and mem-
bers of Congress as the votes of two northern
soldiers, and that they refused to let the peo-
ple have an opportunity to amend the Consti-
tution in this respect. Tell the working men
of the North that they are to be robbed of
thirteen Representatives in Congress in order
that the "chivalry" may have that mueh ad-
ditional power as a reward for their treason,
and that you would not consent to a remedy
for this injustice. Tell them these sim-ple,
obvious facts, and that you desired to confer
as much power as possible upcin the South, to
the end that, by combining with traitors, you
may attain political pow'er, and I apprehend
tho next Congress will not see you here to
combine with any party. Tho people are des-
perately in earnest on this question. They
see the existing injustice and the impending
danger, and are determined to remedy the one
and avert tho other. Woe to him who attempts
to hinder them in the execution of their right-
eous will!
The third section, providing for the exclusion
from office, State and Federal, of certain classes
of prominent, perjured, and dangerous traitors,
meets my unqualified approval. 'Clio test it
applies seems to me to be an eminently proper
one. The assertion that he who has once taken
an oath to support the Constitution and volun-
tarily violated that oath is not to be trusted,
challenges -tho assont of every right-minded
man. Its propriety is seen also in the class of
persons whom it disfranchises. It strikes at
those members of Congress who plotted and
instigated the rebellion ; those oflicers of the
Army and Navy who were educated by the
Government forits defense, but who in the hour
of danger basely betrayed their ilag and coun-
try j those members of State Legislatures and
other officers who led the misguided masses
into treason. It is just what the true men
North and South demand, and yet I doubt not
it will be assailed by tho Opposition with the
most intense malignity. It touches a tender
point. For if leading rebels are to be excluded
from office, Slate as well as Federal, there is a
reasonable probability that, the loyal men of
the South will control it, and in that event tho
long-anticipated political miilenium, in which
the secession lian and the Democratic lamb'shall
lie down together on downy bods of power, will
be as for removed as ever. But notwithstand-
ing this opposition it will prove the -most pop-
ular amendment proposed. Its justice, its
safety, its propriety, as well as its generosity
toward tho misguided masses of the South,
will commend it to all who have the interest
of the country more at heart than the interests
of a political party.
These men who are to bo thus disfranchised,
have justly forfeited every right they once pos-
sessed. In any other Government on earth
they would be hung or banished, and their
property would be confiscated. We only pro-
pose that, having attempted to ruin, they shall
not now rule. They may remain in the coun-
try, retain their property, and enjoy with us
the equal protection of the laws, but they shall
not govern loyal men. Here, as in every other
proposition contained in thisamendment, noth-
ing is demanded for vengeance, but everything
for security. Public safety and national honor
require their disfranchisement. Conscience
and the common sense of mankind approve it.
But observe with what care this section is
guarded to avoid unnecessary severity. If at
any time their good conduct shall prove that
they have repented of their treason, and can
safely be trusted with the exercise of power, it
is provided that this disfranchisement may be
removed by a two-thirds vote of Congress. At
present they are to be required, in the language
of Andrew Johnson, " to take a back seat in
the work of reconstruction;" but if hereafter
they bring forth the fruits of repentance, they
may be permitted to " come up higher."
The fourth section is designed to prevent a
repudiation of the Federal debt, and to. insure
tho payment of pensions and bounties to our
soldiers and sailors. It also prohibits the as-
sumption or payment of the confederate debt,
or of any claim for compensation *for the loss
or emancipation of any .slave, thereby guard-
ing the loyal people against taxation to pay the
expenses of an effort to destroy them. 1 will
not insult the intelligence of this House or of
my constituents who may be good enough to
read my remarks, by discussing the propriety
and justice of this section. Its necessity 1 have
already shown. The finances of the country
demand not only that the payment of those
debts and claims shall be made impossible, but
that the question of possibility shall be put
beyond the reach of discussion. The mere
agitation of such a proposition will prove ruin-
ous to our credit. A very large portion of the
rebel indebtedness is held by our enemies in
Europe, who will take especial pleasurein using
it to cripple and embarrass onr credit abread,
and who will also cooperate powerfully with
our enemies at homo in the effort to compel
its assumption by the Government. Hence, I
desire to place tho prohibition where it will be
forever beyond the reach of agitation.
In addition to these proposed constitutional
amendments, the -bill reported by the recon-
struction committee and now pending declares
that whenever the constitutional amendments,
before referred to, shall have become a part
of the Constitution of the United States, and
any State lately in insurrection shall have
ratified tho same and shall have modified its
constitution and laws in conformity therewith,
tho Senators and Representatives from such
State, if found duly elected and qualified, may,
alter taking the required oath of office, be ad-
mitted into Congress as such, and that such
State may assume its proportion of the direct
tax under the act of 1801, and the payment
thereof may be postponed for a period not
exceeding ton years.
This is simply an enabling act expressing the
terms and conditions upon which Senators and
Representatives may be admitted, and is de-
signed to hasten as much as is possible and
consistent with public safety, the return of those
States to their places in the Union. I regret
to learn that there is a disposition anywhere to
postpone action on this bill. Having agreed
upon the constitutional guarantees which we
deem essential, let us now give to the country
a completed plan of reconstruction. Lot us
declare boldly and unequivocally upon what
terms tho insurgent States may return. Believ-
ing, as I do, that the amendments we have pro-
posed are eminently proper and indispensably
necessary, it seems to me that this bill, which
makes their ratification a condition-precedent
to full restoration, is equally proper and neces-
sary. In this measure, as in the others to
which I have alluded, the generous spirit of
the Government is manifested toward the peo-
ple of the insurgent. States. The loyal people
of the North, carrying all the heavy burdens
of the war, have paid their share of the direct
tax^uiider the act "of 1801. But the South is
poor. She has made herself so by trying to
destroy the Government, and yet the Norti
says to her, " Come back and enjoy the protec-
tion of the same laws which protect us, and
your burdens shall be made as light as possi-
ble ; your share of taxes, long since due, shall
be postponed for ten years. Not only shall
there be no confiscation of your property, but
fearing your just debts maybe too burdensome
we will postpone their payment to suit your
convenience." Again, I ask, under what other
Government on earth was generosity like this
ever exhibited to traitors?
Radical as is the difference between these
respective policies of the Union party and that
of the Executive, it is, after all, not so much
a disagreement in regard to the powers of
tho Government as in regard to the extent to
which those powers shall be exercised. At the
close of the war the President held that the
relations existing between the insurgent States
and the Union had been disturbed and that
those States had been ''deprived of all ciri)
government'' by secession and rebellion. Act-
ing upon this opinion ho required, as a condition-
precedent to their restoration, the ratification
of the great anti-slavery amendment, and the
repudiation by State action of the rebel in-
debtedness. He still holds, I believe, that the
Government had the constitutional power to
exact those terms. But having done this much,
and thereby conceded to the fullest extent the
power of the Government over the subject, he
now contends we shall go no further. I ap-
prove of what ho has done in this respect, but
claim that it falls far short of what is neces-
sary, and insist that the safety of tho Republic
demands other conditions and guarantees.
The last six months have furnished indubi-
table evidence that a majority of the southern
people are quite as disloyal at heart to-day as
they were at any time during the war. Witness
their lamentations for tho lost cause their
insults to the national flag; their toasts and
public demonstrations in honor of the most
obnoxious leaders of the rebellion ; their osten-
tatious honors to the rebel dead, exhibited by
processions bearing flowers and strewing them
upon their graves ; their mobbings of black
loyalists who attempted to bestow similar tokens
of respect to the memory of our fallen heroes
who sleep in southern graves; their violent
efforts to drive out the few Union people who
remain among them ; their murders of Union-
ists, and destruction of their dwellings, seliool-
houscs, and churches, and their almost uni-
versal expressions of hatred, made in every
form and in every place, of the men who have
been most active and prominent in crushing
tho rebellion. They have demonstrated to us,
also, by the reenactment of vagrant laws and
slave codes for freedmen, with how much sin-
cerity they agreed to the abolition of slavery,
and how readily that institution, abolished in
name, may be reestablished in fact and with
increased cruelty. They have by State laws
repudiated the rebel indebtedness,'hut we all
know that the same Legislatures, or State con-
ventions, which repudiated them, may to-mor-
row wipe out that act of repudiation and tax
the loyal people to pay them. In fact they
have given us timely notice of their intentions
on this subject as well as on many others. Mr.
Simons, a prominent member of the Goorgia
convention, which the President convened for
the purpose, among other things, of repudiating
this debt, said:
"Let us repudiate only under tho lash and tho
application of militaiy power, and then, as soon as
we arc an independent sovereignty, restored to our
equal riaiits and privileges in the Union, lei us imme-
diately call another convention and assume the rebel
debts."
In nearly all of the conventions held in those
States the same feeling prevailed. They said,
" Let us under the lash" abolish slavery and
repudiate the confederate debt, and then, as
soon as we "get our rights in the Union," we
will, by legislative enactments, restore sub-
stantial slavery and assume those debts. Under
this inspiration the President's propositions
just mentioned were accepted by them. All
these things, and a thousand others with which
we are sadly familiar, attest the premnt spirit
