2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
I
of railroad, all springing from the impulse given
to such works by that magnificent enterprise,
the Illinois Central railroad.
Look, sir, at the cfFect this measure will have
upon the future of the country through which
the road is to pass. In I860, the total popu-
lation of that country, including the States and
the Territories, was 240,127. In 1805, five
years after, it had increased to 550,000. Why,
sir, in my own State we have increased in popu-
lation in spite of the war—war with the sav-
ages and war with the rebels—in the face of
all obstacles, we have increased from about
170,000 to 300,000 ; and we, who in 1858 bought
our breadstuff's from Illinois, produced last year
between eight and ten million bushels wheat.
And, sir, may we not look for similar effects
along this great line of railroad ? I have made
a calculation in reference to one of its effects.
There have been granted to this company, in
the Territories through which the road will
pass, forty sections of land per mile, being
twenty sections on each side of the road. Be
it remembered that the Government retains the
alternate sections; so that there are open for
settlement forty sections lo the mile along the
road. Now, docs any one doubt that if the
road is built that country will set tie rapidly?
There are four quarter sections, or four farms
of one hundred and sixty acres each to each
section, and taking the estimate, which holds
good throughout the country, of six persons to
every head of a family or voter, and we shall
have one thousand persons to the mile, or for
the whole length of eighteen hundred miles,
1,80^,000 person", and thin irrespective of the
population of towns and cities and rivers and
branch roads tributary to the main road. But
if in live years that country has doubled its
population without this road, what will its pop-
ulation be when you infuse into it the life that
will flow from such an enterprise as this?
Rir.it will quadruple, it will quintuple; it is
wilhin bounds to say that in twenty years there
will be eight million people along the line of
the road. And if they conlribiite as liberally,
as gallantly, as heroically to the defense of
this great nation with men and money and
intellect, as the noble Stale of Illinois hasdone,
the country will have wisely invested the paltry
amount asked lor, even though it should lose
every dollar of it.
Why, sir, look at the immigration from
Europe, which is greater this spring than it
has ever been before. This very company are
already making contracts, in anticipation of
the passage of this bill, with steamship lines to
bring to our slnues thousands of hardy laborers
to help to build this road, few, if any of them,
will return lo Europe. They will settle down
along the line of this road, and become the
nucleus of a new population, the foundation
of new Cotnmonweallhs.
Why, sir. the London Times complained the
other day that, the skilled artisans of Kngland,
its mo.,t nlnable workers, are leaving its shores
in in i paralleled numbers in search of plenty and
liberty in the I'nited Stales. The immigration
which has already arrived this spring far ex-
ceeds that of any previous year, and we learn
that the harbors of England and Ireland are
crowded with hundreds of thousands wailing
for vessels to carry them to our shores. Sir,
war is imminent in Germany, and thousands
upon thousands of the thrifty and intelligent
people of that country will seek our shores.
We do not want them to cluster in our cities.
'We want to be able to point out to them those
great natuial savannahs along the Missouri, the
Yellowstone, the Columbia, and the Saskat-
chewan, where they may find all the conditions
for prosperity and happiness. From northern
Europe, too, a population hardy, industrious,
and temperate, the Norwegians and Swedes',
the identical stock which overran Europe and
overwhelmed the Roman empire and gave shape
and feature to the new civilization which was
built upon its ruins • these races are seeking
our shores in large and steadily increasing num-
bers.
And now, sir, I ask the Clerk to read the last
speech ever made upon earth by our martyred
President, Abraham Lincoln ; a speech made,
sir, upon the very day, ay, sir, upon the very
night on which he fell before the bullet of the
assassin ; a speech made to you, Mr. Speaker,
at your last parting with him as you were about
to start "upon your journey to the Pacific. I
want it read by the Clerk and received by this
House as the last utterance of that great and
good man, and as an indication of the view his
liberal intelligence would take to-day, were he
alive, of this and all kindred measures.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mv. Colfax, I want you to take a message from
me to the miners whom you visit. I have very large
ideas of thorainerel wealth of our nation. I believe
il practically inexhaustible. It abounds all over the
western country, from the lioeky mountains to the
Pacific, and its dovelopinontlias scarely commenced.
Dunns the war, when we were adding a couple of
millions of dollars every day to our national debt, I
did not care about encouraging the increase in the
volume of our precious metals. We had tlio country
to save lirst. But now that the rebellion is over-
thrown, and we know pretty nearly the amount of
our national debt, the more gold anil silver we mine
weniake the paymentot thafdebt so much the easier.
Now," said he, speaking with more emphasis, "I am
going to encourage that in every possible way. We
shall have hundreds of thousands of disbanded sol-
diers. and many have feared that their return home
in such groat numbers might paralyzo industry by
turnishing suddenly a greater supply of labor than
theie wilt be demand for. Iam going to try to attract
them to the hidden wealth of our mountain ranges,
where there is room enough for all. Immigration,
which even tho war has not stopped, will land upon
our shores lmndrtds of thousands more per year trom
overcrowded Europe. I intend to point them to the
gold and silver that wait for them in tho West. Tell
the minus for me that t shall promote their interests
to the utiuobt of my ability, because their piosper-
ity is tho prosperity of the nation: and," said he,
: his eye kindling with enthusiasm, "we shall prove
i m a very tew years that wo are indeed the treasury
of tho voitd."
AMENDMENT OK TETttllTOTtTAIj ACTS.
Mr. ASHLEY", of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] yield to ine
for a moment, as 1 must soon leave the Hall on
account of indisposition?
Mr. DONNELLY. Certainly; with pleasure.
Mr. ASIILMY. I am instructed bytheCom:
niittee on Territories to report back House
bill No. 508, to amend the organic acts of the
Territories of Nebraska, Colorado, Montana,
Washington, Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and New
Mexico, and ask that the same be printed and
recommitted.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a House joint
resolution of the following titles when the
Speaker signed tho same :
Joint resolution (II. It. No. 07) providing
for tly3 reappraisemcnt of the lands described
in an act for the relict'of William Sawyer and
others, of Ohio.
NOILT1IEHN PACIFIC R ULItOAD AGAIN.
Mr. DOXNELLY. There is one other objec-
tion that has been urged with peculiar force
and eloquence by the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio on my right, [ilr.DELAXO.] The
objection was that wo had no right to-do this
thing, because we would thereby impair the
credit of the United States. Now, let me
call the attention of the House to the fact that
this payment, of money is only to be stretched
through a period of twenty years ; that the lia-
bility ends at the expiration of twenty years ;
that none of it can be paid save only as the
road is constructed; and that the whole of it
is not to be paid until after the road is entirely
completed. If there is any man who can prove
to me that the building of this mighty road of
eighteen hundred miles in length, the transpor-
tation over it of the commerce of China, Japan,
and the Indies, the growth of popular States
along its line, and the general prosperity it
will infuse into the entire nation will impair
the credit of our Government bonds, then
indeed, sir, I have read the history of our
country to little advantage.
Why, sir, the total product of the mines in
the Territories along the line of this road was,
during the last year, S35,000,000. Build this
road and it will be $350,000,000. _ Why, sir,
tho discovery of gold in California and the
production of $800,000,000 from its mines
saved our people from bankruptcy and has
affected the commerce and the prosperity of
the whole world. Build this road, give facil-
ity of access, and you set to work hundreds of
thousands of miners with abundance of ma-
chinery, and who can calculate the production
of the precious metals that will follow?
I remember when, in the last Congress, we
were in almost the darkest hour of our great
struggle, when it seemed as if the bark of
the nation would go down amid the storm,
an honorable and gallant gentleman from the
city of New York, sent here by the votes of
the Opposition, (Mr. Stebbins,) arose in his
place, and in an able speech demonstrated
that the resources of the country were equal
to the debt it was contracting ; and I do not
forget that his strongest argument was based
upon the history of our growth in the past
and tho certainty of our continued growth in
the future.
Our credit rests not alone upon what we are,
but what we are certain to be. Why, sir, if
we double the population of this country, we
reduce our debt one half. Are wc to sit here
and, following the niggardly, miserly policy
which some gentlemen seem to favor, permit
a great wilderness to remain a wilderness for
half a century longer, or shall we encourage
that tide of emigration which is now breaking
all bounds in the Old World and flowing to our
shores with an unparalleled abundance?
Sir, I am sorry to see the course taken by
the opponents of the bill. We have heard
little of real argument. One gentleman has
told you that there is no report here, and that
wo do not know who are the corporators. Sir,
that is a matter of no moment. Thismoney can-
not be drawn until the road shall be built; and it
is ofno con sequence whatever who builds it. The
object is the road, not tho corporators. Give
us a road, and wc care not who owns it, pro-
vided only that with a proper national fore- -
sight we so guard the enterprise that it shall not
pass out of the hands of our own citizens; and
for one, 1 shall cheerfully vote for an amend-
ment to require that two thirds, three fourths,
or, if you please, all of the corporators shall
be American citizens. That is all that we need
ask. We shall not be called upon to pay the
money unless the road is built; and if we secure
the construction of the road, no gentleman can
deny that the money has been well invested.
Why, sir, the hand of nature itself points out
the route of this road as the natural highway
of tho continent. Starting from the mouth of
the St. Lawrence and proceeding westward in
almost an air line, you pass over the surface
of the great lakes, the mightiest system of fresh-
water navigation in the world. Passing across
seven hundred miles from the head of Lake
Superior, you strike the Missouri river; and
from tho head of navigation on that river the
distance is but three hundred miles to the head
of navigation on the Columbia river. So that,
when this company shall have built three hun-
dred miles of road, we shall have built three
hundred miles of road we shall have secured
the means of steam communication between
the Atlantic and the Pacific by way of the Mis-
souri; and for this the Government risks .
$750,000 annually. And, building seven hun-
dred miles further to the head of Lake Supe-
rior, and we have, with a road of one thousand
miles, a very large share of all the results to be
derived from a Pacific railroad.
Why, sir, we were told by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] at the very moment that
he was lighting this bill, that we must prepare
