.1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
system. I move to strike out "ten thousand"
and insert "two thousand.''
Mr. ANTHONY. If this was an original
question before the Senate, and the question
was whether we should print ten thousand or
two thousand copies of this diplomatic corre-
spondence, I am certain that the Committee on
Printing would recommend two thousand ; but
the order to print ten thousand copies for the
use of the Department has not been made by
the Senate, but by the President of the United
States under a statute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot help that.
Mr. ANTHONY. That includes nineteen
twentieths of the whole correspondence. Now
comes in an additional twentieth, and this res-
olution proposes to print the same number of
this as the other, so that the whole maybe put
together.
Mr. SUMNER. That clearly ought to be
done.
Mr. ANTHONY. The cost of this will be
$500 ; what the cost of the other is I do not
know, because as it did not come before the
Committee on Printing it has not been esti-
mated for. The Committee on Printing never
make an extravagant appropriation. It is the
only economical committee in the Senate, I
believe, [laughter;] and when the question is,
whether we shall send out, at a large expense,
an incomplete edition of this diplomatic cor-
respondence, or whether we shall send ,out a
complete edition at an additional expense of
$500, I think the Senartor from Illinois will
agree that it is best to make it complete.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would remind my
friend from Illinois that if his experience is lil^e
mine, the demand for the "diplomatic corre-
spondence is very great throughout the coun-
try, and I think it would be no more than
safe to say that every member of Congress will
be asked for fifty copies of the diplomatic cor-
respondence. Multiply the number of members
of Congress by fifty or even by thirty, and you
will find that it will amount to very near ten
thousand copies.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin had listened, he would have ascertained
that he will not get any of these copies. It is
not proposed to publish any copies for Senators
to distribute. This is a proposition to publish
ten thousand' copies of the diplomatic corre-
spondence for the use of the State Department.
If the Senator from Wisconsin is troubled by
his constituents who want to read these docu-
ments, ho must get up another resolution ; this
has nothing to do with that. This is simply a
proposition for ten thousand copies for the use
of the State Department.
Mr. CONNESS. For the benefit of the
Chinese. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend from Califor-
nia suggests that it is for the benefit of the Chi-
nese. I do not know how that may be. I am
willing to admit that the chairman of the Print-
ing Committee is a very economical person, and
I am only surprised, with his sense of economy,
that he should have reported this resolution.
I understand from him that the original pub-
lication of ten thousand copies, which might,
possibly, have been extravagant, lie thinks, was
ordered by the President of the United States,
and that the Committee on Printing had nothing
to do with it. With his views of economy, why
not let the President of the United States pub-
lish this additional ten thousand if he wants to
do so? Why did he bring it here at all? If he
could publish the first ten thousand, I suppose
ho could publish this.
Mr. ANTHONY. Shall I explain ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. The President is author-
ized to publish whatever number he _ sees fit of
the diplomatic correspondence that is commu-
nicated to Congress with the President's mes-
sage : but he is not authorized by law to publish
any other diplomatic correspondence. The vol-
ume will be incomplete without this. He has
no authority to print it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will this go into that
volume ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire,
for information, whether the volume has not
been already made up and published?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; the volume of
diplomatic correspondence is not yet printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is the case I will
not object. If it is to go into that same volume,
and ten thousand copies are now being printed,
and this is to be a part of it, I will withdraw the
motion to strike out1' ten thousand '' and in-
sert "two thousand;" but it really seems to me
that the law that allows the publication of ten
thousand copies of this work for the use of the
State Department ought to be changed. It must
be attended with very large expense, and I
really do not see the necessity of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Although the amendment
is withdrawn, I wish to explain, in defense of the
Committee on Printing, that the committee are
not at all responsible for the number of copies of
this document ordered. The President, in his
discretion, which I certainly have no doubt is a
wise discretion, has fixed upon this large num-
ber, owing to the peculiar relations of our for-
eign affairs, and this resolution is merely to com-
plete flie volume, just the same as 1 hough this
correspondence had been sent in the day after
the President's message. It was sent in in obe-
dience to a call from one of the two Houses;
I think from the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Illinois as with-
drawing his motion to amend the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the amend-
ment, after the explanation of the Senator from
Rhode Island that this is to be a part of a vol-
ume which is now being published.
The resolution was adopted.
housj3 bill referred.
The bill from the Hpuse of Representa-
tives (II. R. No. 83) for the relief of Charlotte
Benee, widow of Philip II. Bence, late captain
of company F, thirtieth regiment Iowa volun-
teer infantry, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
industrial exposition a1 pa1us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As the
morning hour will expire in a few moments
more, the Chair will call up the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 11) in relation to the organization
of provisional governments within the States
whose people were lately in rebellion against
the United States, upon which the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Jonxsox] is entitled to the
lioor.
Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of my
friend, the Senator from Maryland, I desire to
call up, before he proceeds, the joint resolution
which was under consideration yesterday, on
which I desire action. It cannot take more
than two minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, the resolution before the Senate will
be laid aside temporarily, and the question will
be on taking up the resolution referred to by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 28)
in relation to the Industrial Exposition at Paris,
France.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] called my^ attention
yesterday to the case of the agent at New York.
With regard to his compensation there is no
provision in the resolution, and I promised to
make inquiry at the Depaitment of State as to
his relations to the matter and what the under-
standing there was. I find that, in the absence
of the head of the Department, who, as is well
known to the Senate, is now on a voyage out
of the country, there is nobody there fully pos-
sessed of the precise relations of that gentle-
man to this business: but it is known that he is
an employe of the Department of State, hold-
ing a post which is not an office known to the
law, called dispatch agent, which brings him
in particular, confidential relations "with the De-
partment, and it is supposed that on that ac-
count he has been intrusted by th^Riead of that
Depai-tment with this agency in New York.
Nothing is known at the Department with re-
gard to any understanding as to his compensa-
tion. If he is to have additional compensation,
it may be paid out of the contingent fond for
foreign relations, out of which he is" paid, as I
understand, as dispatch agent; or it maybe that
the Secretary of State expects to come to Con-
gress hereafter with a request for some appro-
priation in his behalf; but with regard to that,
there is no information at the Department.
The resolution then stands in this way: noth-
ing is said with regard to the compensation of
the agent at New York; that is left open; Con-
gress is not pledged in any way with regard to
him; but the provision is simply with regard to
his clerks.
And now, sir, with regard to the necessity of
immediate action. I was told at the Depart-
ment that every day's delay is at this moment
productive of serious embarrassment. The
articles must be received at Paris before some
day in the coming month of March. That
leaves but a very short time for the agent to
act, and it is important that he should be pro-
vided with the clerks and -assistants which this
resolution secures to him as soon as possible.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that anything
can be done in the way of fixing this salary for
the general agent, because I suppose the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and other Senators are
as much at a loss about it as I am. But I do
not agree with the Senator from Massachu-
setts that Congress will have no responsibility
in regard to this matter, because the second
section of this joint resolution approves of the
doings of the Secretary of State, and he has
appointed this person the general agent; and
therefore he becomes the general agent under
the authority of Congress, and Congress will
have to pay him undoubtedly. But I do not
know that anything can bo done now, and I
shall not oppose the passage of the joint reso-
lution.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate was informed
by the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations yesterday that in a few days there
would bo another bill introduced upon this
same general subject. I desire to be informed
by the Senator from Massachusetts, if he knows
and will inform the Senate, what is the char-
acter of that bill that is to come before us. I
should like to see this whole question before us
at once, and not bo called upon to vote for or
against it by piecemeal. I sec it stated in the
.newspapers that the French Government have
constructedbuilding for this exposition and
assigned the room to be occupied by the dif-
ferent nations, and among others there is a
small space allotted to the United States, but
not near enough, and that it will be necessary
for this Government to erect a building in Paris
in which the articles that may be sent from this
country will be exhibited. If the passage of
this resolution is going to lead to the necessity
of the adoption of any such measure as that, I
want to know it, and' I think the members of
the Senate desire to know it. I understand
that the Government of Belgium or the people
of Belgium are in like condition with the peo-
ple of the United States or with this Govern-
ment; that is to say, that there has not been
room assigned adequate for the exhibition of
articles from the kingdom of Belgium in that
exposition, and that that Government lias made
provision for the erection of a building that"
will be adequate. I apprehend that Congress
is not prepared to enter upon the construction
of buildings at Paris.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that we are
acting on this measure entirely in the dark.
The Senator from Massachusetts says they can-
not tell him at the State Department what has
been done there in connection with this officer
to whom reference has been made. The Sec-
retary of State has departed from the country,
carrying all the information with him, and the
organ of' this Senate, who has applied at the
