1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41^1
jjage 18, after line four hundred and twenty-
live :
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the
persons employed by the Committees on the District
of Columbia of the two Houses of Congreb?. under
the provisions of thejoint resolution approved June
18, 18G4, entitled "A resolution to provide for the
revision of the laws of the District of Columbia,"
the compensation provided in said resolution, &2.000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary for that pur-
pose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MO RRILL. I offer another amendment
to go in connection with that:
For the payment in part for the purchase of sites
and the erection of school-houses in the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, payable to
the board of commissioners of primary schools of said
county, the sum of §10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
an explanation of that.
Mr. MORRILL. Itwillbeseenbytheamend-
ment that it applies entirely to the country quar-
ter of the District; and I will say. for the in-
formation of the Senate, what I think will
astonisli them, that in all that region of coun-
try which embraces the entire District outside
of the cities of Washington and Georgetown
there never had been until within three years
a school-house of any description, and there
never had been a school maintained in that
entire section of the District, fn 1804 the
people of that section of the District were
authoiized to establish and maintain primary
schools, taxing themselves for the support and
maintenance of the schools. They have built
seven school-houses, and are erecting seven
more, at a cost of $"2,000 each. They have
established seven schools for^white children
and five for colored children. The counlrj'
quarter of this District has never had the ben-
efit, 1 believe, of a single dollar's appropria-
tion for any public object whatever.
As we had authorized these people to levy
this tax on themselves, and they had gone for-
ward in this spirit of enterprise and established
these schools throughout the country quarter
of the entire District, and incurred the large
expense of some twenty-five or twenty-eight
thousand dollars for these school-houses, which
is to be assessed upon their polls and estate,
it seemed to me that the Senate would, on these
facts being called to its attention, be willing to
aid tliem thus far, particularly as this District
is entirely under the supervision and control
of the Congress of the United States ; and con-
sidering, moreover, that during the war there
has been thrown into this District a floating
population who are upon the hands of these
people, more or less. I hope there will not be
any opposition to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer this amendment to
come in on page 20, after line four hundred
and sixty:
The Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
to grant the superintendent of the Government Hos-
pital lor the Insane a J cave of absence for six months
to enable him to visit institutions for the insane in
America, and TCurope, the salary of saidsuperintend-
ent to be continued in the mean time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why is that?
Mr. MORRILL. The Secretary of the In-
terior addressed a note to the committee on
the subject, saying that this officer had been a
very faithful officer; his duties during the war
had been particularly onerous; his health had
been a good deal impaired; and he thought it
but just to a faithful Government officer to let
him go abroad at his own expense, his salary
to be continued in the mean time, for a period
not longer than six mouths. As another rea-
son why the Government should be thus in-
dulgent. this vacation will allow the superin-
tendent to visit different institutions in other
countries as well as in our own, and thus he
will be better enabled to discharge the duties
of his office on his return. The Secretary as-
sures us in his letter that the institution will
suffer no detriment in the hands of the assist-
ant superintendent in the absence of the super-
intendent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is just as well that
thismatter should be definitely understood. Dr.
Nichols, the superintendent, is a very valuable
officer; none more so in his line. 1 give him
credit for discharging his duties well and faith-
fully and most devotedly. I have no doubt ho
is perfectly competent to the management of
the institution. He erected it, and has man-
aged it with ability. But this is nothing more
nor less than a proposition to give a public
officer an opportunity to travel in Europe or
elsewhere for six months at the expense of the
Government, rendering no service; and we must
have somebody in his place while he is gone.
If Congress thinks it worth while to establish a
precedent of that kind—we are establishing new
precedents of all kinds nowadays—with refer-
ence to public officers, it should be properly
understood.
If Dr. Nichols, the superintendent, was out of
health, if he was a sick man, I should not hesi-
tate. When I was in authority in a different place
I took the responsibility of giving leave of ab-
sence for six monthsjto one of the officers of my
Department for the'purpose of allowing him to
go to Europe and see if he could reestablish
his health. I allude to Professor Bache. Un-
fortunately he did not reestablish his health,
and I am afraid we shall have his services but
a very short time longer. In a similar case I
would do the same again. I suppose the Sec-
retary of the Interior has the same authority in
this case, if he deems it proper to give leave of
absence to the superintendent of the asylum, if
the circumstances of the case are such as re-
quire it. I think the responsibility should be
upon the head of the Department. He can
exercise the power if he sees fit, he being.re-
sponsible for the exercise of it. I sec no reason
why he should not take the responsibility that
I took and that the head of a Department ought
to be willing to take under proper circumstances.
1 think, therefore, this amendment is unneces-
sary. I believe it is unwise for Congress to
begin to legislate in this direction willi regard
to public officers.
Mr. MORRILL. The view the committee
took of it was that it was simply a proposition
to allow a leave of absence. To be sure his
salary is not suspended ; but in the mean time
I think it not unreasonable to suppose that the
officer will be qualifying himself for a more
satisfactory discharge of his duties on his re-
turn ; so that the Government will lose noth-
ing by the permission.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We need not give per-
mission. Cannot the Secretary do it?
Mr. MOIIUILL. lie thought not.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MOllRILL. T have one more amend-
ment to offer, to come in on page 18, after line
four hundred and twenty-nine :
For suppoi t uf the Columbia Hospital for Women
and Lying-in Association, $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
some explanation of that.
Mr. MORRILL. This is one of the cla°s
of charitable institutions of a private character
to which 1 invited the attention of the Senate
when they were about to make an appropria-
tion to one of the class; and I have no hesita-
tion in saying, from the examination the com-
mittee gave it, that it is as meritorious as any
of its class ; and in some sense it has a much
higher merit than any of the class which have
been presented to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It has a board of very high
professional skill, and it deals with a class of
cases which are in themselves a specialty, and
which involve the very highest skill of the pro-
fession. Its title in the amendment sufficiently
discloses the character of the institution. If
any institution in the District of Columbia of a
private character is entitled to consideration,
either by its object or by the skill and care
with which the institution is conducted and the
high reputation and character of the persons
under whose charge it is, this is the one above
all the others that I have become acquainted
with in the city of Washington. The appro-
priation is only $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, I believe, has succeeded in knocking_ off
some four or five thousand dollars for sprink-
ling Pennsylvania avenue, &c., and I uo not
know how many $20,000 he has put on by way
of showing how much more economical the
Committee on the District of Columbia is than
the Committee on Finance!
Mr. MORRILL. The balance is more than
$10,000 in my favor. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment to
insert after the word "dollars," at the end of
the sentence in Hue five hundred and twenty-
three, page 22, making an appropriation for
the erection of a fire-proof brick building for
the Treasury Department, the following':
Provided, That tho Scerctaiy of the Treasury be,
and ho hereby is, authorized to remove and sell at
auction or otherwise, a.ny portion of tho presses, ma-
chinery, and apparatus employed iu tho Treasury
building, which, from the diminution of the volume
of business or otherwise, ho may from time to time
find to be no longer required.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I renew the amendment on
the bill that I offered some time ago, and with-
drew for reasons which I need not mention
now. It. is to insert as additional sections the
following:
Sec. —. And be itfnrtherenacted, Thatfrom and after
the 4th day of March, 1805, the following salaries be
paid to the different, officers, clerks, messengers, and
others receiving an annual salary or compensation in
tho service of the Senate, namely: Secretary of the
Senate, SJ3.000; otlicer charged with disbursements of
the Senate, $1,800; chief clerk, $3,200; principal legis-
lative clerk. £3,000; principal executive clerk, $3,000;
nine clcrks in ottico of the Secretary of the Senate,
$2,500; keeper of the stationery, $2,500; one temporary
clerk, $1,800; messenger in stationery-room, 5.1,500;
messenger in Secretary's otxicc, £1,500; page in sta-
tionery-room, $1,000; page in Secretary's ot\iee,$t,000;
Sergeant-at-Anus and Dooikeeper, S3,600; assistant
doorkeeper, S2,16D; clerk to Sergeant-at-Arms, SJ,800;
Postmastei to thcSenate.£2,160; assistant postmaster,
$1.710: two messengers in charge of mails, $1 .'110 each;
two mail carriers, $1,200 each; snpcrintcndontofdocu-
ment-rooui, &2.100; two assistants in document-room,
^1,500 each: superintendent of folding-rooin, $2,160;
threcactmg.ifsistaiitdoorkeepers,$1,710 each; seven-
teen messengers, at $1,500 each ; two messengers in
lieu of superintendent and assistant supcrintondout
of furnaces, who have been acting as messengers,
$1,500 each; and nine laborers, a.t S2 50 per day each.
Six. —. And he it. further eiwtud, That the sum of
money requited by the provisions of the foregoing
section be, aud the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
pi iated.
Sec. —And le.it farther enacted. That the chief
engineer of tile heating and ventilating apparatus
shall be paid £3,7f>0; two assistant engineeis, 61,500
each; captain of the Capitol police, S2.175; lieuten-
ant of the Capitol polioc,$1,875; twenty-nineCapilol
policcmen, St,650each; page to the Vice President,
the same emnpensat ion as is paid to tho other perma-
nent paTcs of tlie Senate ; one special policeman iu
the oihee of (lie Secretary of the Senate, SI,000; threo
laborers in the oIUlc of tile Seeietaiy of the Senate,
$2 50 per d.iy each ; clerk of printing records of tho
Senate, $2,500; the publioffardoner, with the force em-
ployed under hiin, a,n additional increase of twenty-
five per cult, to the compensation now received by
thom.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know
how much in the aggregate that will increase
the appropriations.
Mr. WADE. I am not able to say what the
aggregate of the proposed increase is. I do
not know how much it will amount to. I have
never summed it up. This proposition adds
to all these employes about twenty-five per
cent, on their present salaries, the object being,
according to the instructions of the committee
at the time they prepared it, to equalize the
salaries of the Senate employes with those of
the House. What we have added will vary but
little from twenty-five per cent, on their present
salaries, except perhaps in the case of the Ser-
geant-at-Arins, to whom we give a greater in-
crease than that.
Now, Mr. President, if we go by the princi-
ple we have already laid down in this bill, if
we increase our own salaries over sixty per
cent., I think these employees might well be
increased to the amount of twenty-five per cent.
I cannot imagine what argument Senators will
make, after voting to increase their own sala-
ries to the amount of about sixty per cent,
against increasing the salaries of the employes
at least twentv-five per cent. I do not think
there is anything extravagant in this proposi-
tion for the equalization of these salaries. The
