1866.
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1258
gress alone harl tho power and was charged with the
duty to "suppress''it.
3. Wh ether the insurrection, thus organized in these
eleven States has been suppressed or not, is to bo
determined by Congress, and not by the Executive
alone. It is for Congress to decide not only whether
armed resistance to the national authoiity yet exists,
but whether the causes of the rebellion have been
removed; and if not removed, it is for Congress to
adopt such constitutional measures as will remedy
existing evils, and prevent, if possible, the recurrence
of'such wars in the future.
4. In this attempted .secession, the people of these
eleven States suffered the political connection estab-
lished by their State governments with the Federal
Government to be severed: and in this condition of
things the States themselves are without such repub-
lican forms of government as are contemplated in the
Constitution, and it becomes the duty of the United
States, and not of the Executive, to "{ruaranty ''such
iorms. The people ot these Sratcs who voluntarily
abjured their allegiance to the Federal Government,
and willingly transferred that allegiance to a hostile
"clefactoGovernment, have, as far as they are able,
become alienated aud denationalized, and it is fur
Congress to determine to what extent lliey have suc-
ceeded in such eftorls at alienation, and what rights
they are now entitled to claim as citizens of the Uni-
ted States^
5. The Union is not restored until State govern-
ments in these State, republican in form, shall have
been established and recognized by the Federal Gov-
ernment; and itis thcopinion of the Senate thalsuch
governments should at once be organized upon the
true principle of republicanism—the consent of the
governed. That while we reeoiamo, in tuli force, the
great, troth that the people < f these States should not
be taxed without representation inCongress, we can-
not forget that we are now asked to accept, as repub-
lican inform State constitutions which deny repre-
sentation to nearly one half their entire people and
yet inflict upon them the burdens of taxation.
6. That fchecornmittoc on reconstruction areherebv
required to inquire at once into the propriety and
expediency of providing bylaw for the reorganiza-
tion and reestablishmentof Scatcgovernmmts in the
seceding States on the principles contained in these
resolutions.
PKTEft ANDERSON.
Thft PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tf there be
no further morning business, tho Chair wiil call
up the special order for one o'clock, being the
joint resolution (II. 11. No. 51) proposing to
amend the Constitution of the United States,
upon which the Senator from Maine [Mr- Mor-
rill] is entitled to the floor.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. My colleague is not in
liis seat at present. I suppose he expected it
to come up at one o'clock.
Mr. POMEIlOY. I thought there was a
special order for half past twelve o'clock to-
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is not ad\ ised of an}7 special order for thi.* day
at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. POMEJIOY. I thought the resolution
of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. IJayis] for
tlie appointment of a committee to investigate
cotton frauds was made a special order for this
morning.
The PiiESIDEN J? pro tempore. There is a
special order for Friday at half past twelve
o' clock.
Mr. ORESAVELL, If the gentleman from
Maine is not quite ready to go on, I will call
the attention of the Senate to a bill which f
think will take but veiy little time, and will
give him a few moments to prepare his papers,
if he desires U.
Mr. MORRILL. I am ready to go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order can be laid aside informally by com-
mon consent.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection, if the
Senator desires to pass a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. CRESWELL, Then I move to take
tip Sennte bill No. 79, for the benefit of Peter
Anderson.
The motion was acrreed to : and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the "Whole. It directs the Secretary
of tho Treasury 10 pay to Peter Anderson
$1,128, being iii full for back pension, at the
rate of six dollars per month, from the day_hc
received his wounds to the day his pension
commenced, under the award of the Commis-
sioiv" (d Pensions, thai is to^ay, trom Novem-
ber . 1;'i/, to only lu, lebd.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
report in that case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised (hat, no report has been made.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will state, for the in-
formation of the Senator from Ohio, that this
is a measure that was submitted to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions in the other House
during the last Congress, and I being a member
of that committee during that Congress, exam-
ined this bill myself and prepared a report
upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN". If there is a report from
the other House let that be read.
Mr. CRESWELL. 1 have the report which
was prepared and presented to the Ilouse last
year, containing the facts, which facts I know
to be correct, because the report was drawn by
myself after investigation. If the gentleman
desires it. I will read the report myself, or send
it to the Clerk. 1 will read it:
The. Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was
refmed tho petition of Peter Anderson, respectfully
report:
1'iom the e\ idcnce adduced in support of the pe-
tition, it appears that thopetitionei served as a seaman
on board the United {States innate independence, in
the Pacific ocean, during the Mexican war, and that
he was wounded several limes verv severely while in
a boat action between the boats'crews of the Inde-
pendence and the Mexican forces atUria^.on the rtli
oi November, IS 17; that in consequence o I'tho wounds
thus received he has lust the ineof his right arm, ami
hps been compelled to submit to the amputation of
his left leu:; ami that a competent board of naval sur-
ge ons, alter due examination, has reported that his
disability h total and peimanent. These facts having
been established to the satisfaction of tbc Pension
13ureau, a naval pension, <o i he rate ot six dollais per
mouth 'w a1-* awai ded him tin tier the act of Congress of
April li'i, 1S0P, to date trom J idv 3.'>,
The petitioner now asks that he may receive his
back pens-ion fiom November 7, 1817, the day he was
wounded, to July V), 1SG3, the day of the commence-
ment of his present pension, and explains Ins delay
m making application loi hit. pension in the follow-
ing mannor: ho states that it was not originally his
intention to ask the<«overnmentof the United States
to grant him a pension; hut that, havingdetermined
to maintain himself as long a.-? he could, he settled,
after the AJ ex k an war. at Mobile,where he succeeded,
with the assistance of his in ends, in earning a decent
suppoit unlildriven on! bv the lebels, who piescnted
to him tho alternative of iieeing the South or foi-
swearing his eountiy; that by his compulsory flight
he lost all that he had saved out of the hard earnings
of seven .\cais; and that, beinc without adequate
means of support, and unable to gain a livelihood by
manual labor, he was compelled, after placing him-
self under the protection of the <j<o\ ci nuuait of the
United States, to claim the bounty which it tenders
to those who have been disabled m its service.
Your committee are < 1 tho opmiou that the appli-
cation of the peulioix r is meiitoiiou.-, and that hi<
prayer should be granted; andto that 'Mid report the
accompanyingbili, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The committee in the other House last year
were entirely salistied that this was a merito-
rious ease, and there is this particular feature
about it: although entirely disabled in the ser-
vice of his country, under the old act ot'lWIt) this
man recei\es but six dollars a month, whereas
the piesent rates of pension far exceed that.
Senators know that tho present rale is very
considerably more, nearly double that. \Ve
thought it a meritorious ease and one that es-
pecially presented itself by reason of this man's
patriotism and sufferings during the rebellion,
and we believed that lie should receive his back
pension from the time he was actually disabled
in the service of his country. The committee
so recommended.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I -wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Maryland whether my colleague who
is at the head of the Committee on Pensions,
but whom 1 do not see in the Chamber at pre-
sent, has examined and reported in favor of
this bill. Have the committee of this Senate
reported m favor of the bill ?
Mr. CUE.SWELL. They have. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mi. Davi.s] made the
report, and at his request, being intimately ac-
quainted with the facts of the case, I asked that
the bill should be taken up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Itis a departure from
the established precedents.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inform the honorable
Senator from Indiana that this ca«e was very
carefully i on.-idured by the Committee on Pen-
sions. They examined allthefactsandthought
if an exceedingly meritorious case. The com-
mittee agreed harmoniously and heartily in favor
of the bill as it has been reported. I hope it
will pass.
Mr. GRIMES. There is just one question
presented by this hill. I believe I am. a little
familiar with it, as the person who asks this pen-
sion claims to be a citizen of my State. The
rule heretofore prevailing has been that the pen-
sion should not go back anterior to tho time at
which the application was made. In this cage
the Committee on Pensions have recommended
that the pension shall go back anterior to that
time, and as I understand it, principally for
the reason that this party was wounded some
years ago, during the Mexican war, and has lost
his property during the rebellion. The ques-
tion is whether the Senate will establish a new
rule or will make this an exception to the gen-
eral rule which has heretofore prevailed, that
pensions shall not run prior to the time at which
the party asking the pension made the appli-
cation.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely remark that it
appeared satisfactorily to the committee that
in consequence of these wounds this man An-
derson was utterly disabled from performing
any labor for his own support. His services
were very meritorious; his disability was com-
plete ; and he had been in that condition for
many years; and the committee, without any
hesitancy, and unanimously, thought ho ought
to have"this pension", and reported the bill pro-
viding for his relief.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The facts of this case
are very peculiar. I did not recognize the name
when it was first, called up, but in the absence
of the chairman of the committee T will state
that this man was in the Mexican war, and in
doing some boat service—I think in the harbor
of Vera Cruz—lie was wounded several times,
so that lie has not the use of cither one of his
limbs. While they remain attached to his body,
be has not the fuil use of either arm or either
leg. Notwithstanding he was in that condition,
alter the Mexican war ceased, he did not apply
for a pension. On the contrary, he went into
a little business, keeping a fruit and cigar store
inthe city of Mobile, and had actually accumu-
lated one or two thousand dollars' worth of prop-
erty at tho time the rebellion broke out. lie
was employed by some of our authorities to oou-
vey some information to the troops at New Or-
leans, and was suspected of having done so, and
in consequence of that he was driven out of that
place. He had converted about a thousand dol-
lars of his property, if 1 recollect rightly, inte
tobacco. That he also losi. IIo came here and
was before the Pension Committee last winter,
a perfectly helpless man. Jn his patriotism he
disdained to ask for his pension, notwithstand-
ing he was so severely cri ppled, but went on and
supported himself, and his family also, by his
own industry ; but now being deprixed of every-
thing. being much older than when that thing
occurred, unfit for anything like manual labor,
utterly helpless, he comes here and asks simply
that the arrears of pension which his patriotism
induced him to relinquish may be paid to him.
This, I believe, is about the outline of his story.
Mr, BUCKALKW. 1 think the Senator
front "West Virginia is speaking of another ease.
There seems to be a question as to the identity
of this man. The name in this bill is Peter
Anderson. The name of the person to whom
the .Senator from West Virginia refers is C. P.
Johnson.
Mr. CRESWELL., Tho Senator from Penn-
sylvania is entirely mistaken. This is precisely
the case stated by the Senator from West vir-
ginia •
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to ascer-
tain that fact before I consent to vote for this
bill and break down the rule that has been here-
tofore established.
Mr. POMEliOY. The facts stated by the
Senator from West Virginia are very familiar
to me. I have heard of those facts before, but
I supposed they applied to another man.
Mr. J3UCKALJGW. I think so.
Mr. CRESWELL. Those were precisely the
facts put in proof before the Committee on
