1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4133
1 to the clerk of the Printing Committee,
that is an office established by law. The chair-
man of the Committee on Printing can explain
better than I can the duties that the clerk of
his committee has to perform. He is employed
necessarily pretty much the year round.
Mr. ANTHONY. . His duties as clerk of the
Committee on Printing are the smallest part
of the duties that he has to perform. He has
to prepare indexes and other things, and is
compelled to remain here in the vacation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This whole subject was
very thoroughly discussed some years ago, and
it was decided by the Seriate that the business
that those three clerks performed was such that
it was absolutely necessary that they should be
made permanent clerks at fixed salaries, and
that the same reason did not apply to any other
clerkship of a committee of the Senate. The
duties of the clerks of committees are not so
difficult to learn but what any young man of
intelligence can perform them without any very
great deal of scholarship.
It may be that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts has for clerk of the Committee
on Foreign Relations an accomplished gentle-
man. W e cannot afford to pay for the perform-
ance of those duties any more to a man because
he is an accomplished gentleman and scholar
than we can to anybody else who is competent
to perform the duties. We cannot make that
distinction. We do not pay for scholarship or
accomplishments in a clerk: and the duties, as
everybody knows, ofthe Committee on Foreign
Relations are not so extensive that I he clerk
should be, necessarily, a permanent officer. A
clerk for that committee can easily be found
from one session of Congress to another ; and
so with regard to the other committees gener-
ally. Hence I have deemed it unwise to attempt
to extend these salaries, because when you
once attempt it, there is no knowing where you
will end.
Now, my honorable friend proposes to make
all the committee clerks permanent and give
them a salary of $1,850. Take the clerk of
the Committee on Agriculture ; I do not sup-
pose that he knows that he has anything to do
from the beginning to the end of the year.
Take the clerk to the Committee on Manufac-
tures, which, I suppose, never meets at all.
Take the clerk of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. I have not heard of a bill
being before that committee this session.
There may have been one.
Mr. RAMSEY. Wo have considered a great
many matters and reported upon them ad-
versely, and thus saved large sums to the
Treasury. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; some few old
claims reported upon adversely. The idea is
ridiculous to establish permanent committee
clerkships at $1,850, when they are mere sine-
cures now, except to the extent that the clerks
do the necessary work of dispatching docu-
ments for the chairmen of the committees and,
perhaps, others. That is substantially all the
duty that a great many of them have to per-
form. The pay now is ample, and you can get
any number of men that are perfectly compe-
tent to discharge the duties for the present pay.
Now, sir, from the way gentlemen seem to
be going on  ith regard to salaries at the pres-
ent time, I think it would be much more simple
to try another plan ; and that is, to decide (for
that seetns to be the principle) that if there is
any surplus left in the Treasury, after paying
the expenses absolutely necessary for carrying
on the Government, it shall be divided up
among the members of Congress and the clerks
at the Capitol, clerks of committees. &c. That
would be a much more simple way of disposing
of it, and there would be just about as much
principle in it as there is in the manner in which
we seem to be going on in voting the public
money. Sir, I cannot prevent it; I can only
enter my protest against it and vote against it.
I have no doubt—I do not want to be unrea-
sonable about it—that some of these salaries
ought to be raised. I have no doubt, as I said
the other day, that the salaries of some officers
of the Senate ought to be increased. I think
the simplest and best way is to have a system,
fix it from beginning to end, and let it rest
there. I never will consent, so far as I am
individually concerned, to the style of mana-
ging these matters adopted by the House—that
is, in the face of the law of the land to vote a
percentage and then try to legalize it by put-
ting the amount on an appropriation bill, and
telling ns, "Take that or not take the bill." I
do not like that mode of legislation. _ I think,
therefore, these things ought to be directed in
the mode that my honorable friend from Ohio
suggests—I do not say I agree with the bill,
but in the mode lie suggests—and by having
a proper provision made. I understand tho
Committee on Contingent Expenses have with
great care prepared a bill, which they think to
be just and right, to be moved upon this.. Per-
haps that would be the best way of settling
it. If that is the case, we can see what the
whole is.
As to the idea of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, of putting up all the clerks
of committees who do not remain here except
during the session of Congress, a great many
of whom have nothing in tho world, or very
little to do, except to wait upon the chairmen,
the more just way, really, as the matter has
gone, would be to say that every member of
the Semite should have a clerk, to be paid out
of the public Treasury, to dispatch his docu-
ments, &c. That would equalize it much better
than it is equalized now..
Now, sir, if we are going to do this, let us
do it with some understanding and with a due
and proper discrimination; understand what
duties are to be performed, and pay a reason-
able sum according to the performance of those
duties and the nature of them. My honorable
friend from Massachusetts could not certainly
have understood exactly what lie was about in
making so sweeping a provision as he has made
in this ease. I cannot agree with him that, the
quality of the man ought to make any differ-
ence in tho amount of salary. We cannot
afford to legislate in that way. Otherwise,
my honorable friend would have a salary of
$100,000, while 1 should only have $5,000.
[Laughter.] The Government cannot afford
to make those discriminations; and I should
not like it either. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER, f can assure the Senator
from Maine that the Senator from Massachu-
setts was not quite as ignorant of what lie un-
dertook to speak about as the Senator imagines.
I have in m}r hand the bill which is under con-
sideration, and 1 find in that that tlie keeper
of the stationery is to have $2,500. Then I
find that the assistant doorkeeper is to have
S2,1G0, and that the clerk to the Sergcant-at-
Arms is to have $1,800. I find these provis-
ions in this bill, and I say this is a bill which
is to equalize the salaries of public servants
here connected with the Senate. Does it equal-
ize them when it undertakes to give _ these sal-
aries and leave the clerks of committees with
their present salaries ? I say that it does not.
I say that if you undertake to pay the keeper
of the stationery $2,500, you cannot make, a
mistake if you give to any clerk of a commit-
tee of this body what I have proposed, $1,850.
The Senator from Maine says that many of
these committees have very little to do; but it
is perfectly well understood that the clerk of
the committee represents to a certain extent,
the labor of the chairman. He aids the chair-
man in his work; he is his private secretary;
and I remember perfectly well when the sys-
tem of clerks of committees was first established
in this Chamber. When I first came here, I
think there were only one or two committees
that had clerks. Afterward the.system was
greatly extended, one by one, and it was always
with the understanding that tlie clerk was
needed by the chairman of the committee in
the discharge of his public duties, in the copy-
ing of papers, in drawing bills and resolutions,
and in aiding him in reports. He might not
have work, perhaps, to do in the committee-
room; but he was to accompany the chairman
to his own home, and to be there his private
secretary. That was the understanding when
this system was inaugurated some twelve or
fourteen, years ago. If any one chooses to refer
to the Globe, he will find those reasons assigned
for its introduction. I remember them per-
fectly well., as they were expressed on this floor.
Now, sir, the system has gone on. Our
committees are provided with clerks. They
had not them at first. When I came into this
Chamber there were only one or two that had
clerks. Now all the committees have clerks;
and the question is, whether we arc going to
degrade those servants of this Chamber below
the keeper of the stationery, below the clerk
of your Sergeant-at-Arms. I do not see how
you can do it. I think, if you insist upon that
degradation, you cannot pretend that your bill
equalizes the compensation of the employes
of the Senate.
I do not know that the clerks of committees
may not, as the phrase is, be graded. There
may be certain committees that may be justi-
fied in having a clerk who shall receive a higher
compensation than another. I am not able to
enter into that discrimination. In the motion
that I have made, I have attributed to them all
an equality. I went upon this idea, that if they
were not, all engaged to the same extent in com-
mittee services, they would be engaged equally
in the service ofthe chairman of the committee,
whom they would bo aiding in the discharge
of his public duties. It is oil that account
that I have made this motion. I make it in
good faith, believing that if you are going to
remodel these salaries and compensation, you
ought not to neglect this other class. I be-
lieve that this other class is as deserving as the
classes that are already protected by this bill.
Mr. YATES. Some of them are men of
families.
Mr. SUMNER. Some of them, I am re-
minded by ray friend, the Senator from Illi-
nois, have families. That is not the case with
all of them. I do not go into that. It is enough,
however, that they are appointed as clerks of
cortain specified committees, and as such, it
seems to me that they are entitled to an ade-
quate compensation according to the scale
adopted for other officers ofthe Senate. That
is my ai'gument, sir. I do not originate this
proposition. I should not have thought of
originating the proposition. 1 should have
allowed the clerks to continue on their present
pay; but you are now undertaking to remodel
the compensation of all the employes of this
Chamber, and as you are undertaking to do
that, I insist that you shall not neglect a class
that ought to be as well paid as any other.
I think the Senator from Maine rather dis-
parages what is required of a clerk of a com-
mittee. He thinks that any one may come on,
almost by the accident of a journey, and find a
place here ; that he may drift here as by high
tide, and find himself in a committee-room and
discharging those duties. That may be so; but
I think that the duties of a clerk of a com-
mittee are in themselves important; and_ espe-
cially if he becomes attached to the chairman
ofthe committee in that other capacity to which
I have referred as his assistant and secretary,
it is almost impossible to measure their impor-
tance, because he naturally enters into the
labors of tho Senator with whom he is associ-
ated ; and, as I have already stated, when this
system was originally commenced it was with
a view to aid the chairmen by supplying to
each a secretary.
Mr. HENDERSON. This whole matter
was referred to the Committee on Contingent
Expenses, and we took the trouble to go to the
Clerk of the House of Representatives and to
the Secretary of the Senate and get the amount
of compensation that is allowed by law to eactt
employe, with the extra compensation allowed
in the House of Representatives, and we have
examined the whole contingent expense ac-
count of the Senate, and we have prepared a
bill which we believe to be important. It has
been reported, and is Senate bill No. 443. 1
hope the Senate will vote down the proposi-
