1866.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2213
of the said proceeds of the sales of the public lauds
as aforesaid.
I ask gentlemen again and again, and in all
earnestness and in entire good faith, where
is the security which the Government gets ? By
the terms of the charter (he company, as I
have stated, when it shall have constructed
twenty-five miles of road, receives a patent for
the lands, and under this bill the company will
have at the same time the interest paid on their
stock. That is what the company receives,
and the Government has no authority, no
power to get a single dime from the company.
X ask my friend from Iowa, who in his own
private business as a banker is so vigilant in
regard to his securities, where is the security
which he, as a Representative of his constitu-
ents, has demanded from this corporation for
the faithful performance of any obligation? The
appointment of an "inspector" which is pro-
vided to examine the books and accounts of
the company is simply a farce. If this bill be
passed we are at the mercy of this corporation,
and utterly powerless in their hands.
Sir. SMITH. W ill the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
Mr. SMITH. That I may ask him a ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
Mr. SMITH. It is provided, as I under-
stand, that this land shall not inure to the
benefit of the company until after a certain
number of miles of road are completed. The
Secretary of the Treasury is directed to take
control of this matter, and the treasurer of the
company is required to pay the proceeds into
the Treasury of (lie United States in April and
October of each year. Now, I ask whether
the road itself is not, bound to the Government,
for that amount of monev.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
there is nothing in the existing law and
nothing in this bill which furnishes this Gov-
ernment any security of the kind. Yet it was
proposed that this section, monstrous as it is,
should be put through in this bill.
Now, let gentlemen look a little further. I
ask them to look at the third section of the
bill.
Mr. SMITH. I call the gentleman's atten-
tion to the twenty-seventh line in the second
section where there is a provision to reimburse
the Government for any moneys paid for inter-
est, and also security foi the future payment
by the Government of any intei est, accruing
under this pledge until the Government shall
be fully reimbursed for the payment of the
interest.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What
security does the gentleman mean? There is
no mortgage on the road. These parties get
their title to the land after they have built
twenty-live miles of the road. They get the
guarantee of their stock. You have no power
of interference and no power reserved to make
them do anything.
Let us look a little further, at the third sec-
tion, which I denounce in behalf of the people
of the Territories through which- this road is
to pass. I will read it:
Sec. 3; And bt> it further enactfd. That the paients
for or lists of lands granted to this company shall
convey the fce-snnple ot said lands to said company
in the most full and complete manner, and that none
of the lands granted to said company shall be sub-
ject to any general or local tax, for any purpose
whatever, till alter two years from date ot said con-
veyance. .
Here, sir, we take a strip of land forty miles
wide through these Territories and give every
alternate section to this railroad company,
we permit them to hold this land indefinitely,
for that 1 undertake to say is the effect, "if
not the object of this section, free from tax-
ation. Two years after conveyance! It is to
prevent the lands being taxed in these new
Territories in order to support, their govern-
ments. I undertake to say that under this bill
these lands could be held without being taxed
for an indefinite time. If the conveyances are
not made the lands could not be taxed, for it is
provided that none of the lands granted to this
company shall be subject to any general or
local tax for any purpose whatever till after
two years from the date of the conveyance.
Mr. STEVENS. Do they not become sub-
ject to taxation after the Government conveys
them?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
"On none of the lands granted to said com-
pany." What does that mean? "None of
the land, granted to said company shall be sub-
ject to any general or local tax for any pur-
pose whatever." I say there can be no doubt
as to the meaning and intention of the act.
For one I protest against it in the name of the
people of these Territories, against this injus-
tice. The people should have the right to tax
all the lands to support their government,
maintain their schools, build their public build-
ings, roads. &c.
Mr. STEVENS. When the gentleman un-
dertakes to say that under this bill this com-
pany may hold these lands indefinitely free
from taxation he is mistaken. That is not the
reading of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
from Pennsylvania says that it is not the read-
ing of the bill. Let gentlemen read for them-
selves, and determine the question between him
and myself. I say, in my judgment, nothing
can be plainer than that.
Now, let ns go a little further. I come next
to the fifth scetion, because I am criticising the
bill. It has already been alluded to by my col-
league [Mr. Wkxtwoutii] and others, and it
will be necessary for me only to say a word.
These parties to whom this munificent grant
was made, according to their own showing a
grant of land of vast value, vastly more than
enough to build the road, were to commence
their work under the charier within three years,
and yet, as 1 have already said, up to this time
they have not struck a spade into the ground.
They undertake, in this indirect way, to de-
clare, what? That the commencement, not
of the building of the railroad and telegraph
line, but that the commencement of the survey
of the railroad and telegraph line shall be con-
sidered the commencement of the work.
Mr. STEVENS. The substitute which I have
offered provides for one year of extension.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. That shows
what was the nature of this bill as introduced
by the Committee on the 1'acific Railroad, and
which it was determined to put through under
the gag of the previous question. Sow, since
the thing has been opened up for discussion,
they propose to change these flagrant and glar-
ing provisions of the bill, which would have
become a law if it could have been put through
under the previous question. I am speaking
of the bill as.it came from the committee,
and which they undertook to force through the
House.
It further provides—
That thesaid company may from time to timcaltcr
and chantgc the location ot its line whenever such
change will the better carry out the purpose-? set
forth in the act of incorporation, by filing m the
office of the Secretary of tho Interior a description
of the new line adopted.
Then this is to become a sort of migratory
road, which the parties can locate here anil
there—here a little and there a little, just
as they please—allowing us no control what-
ever, and leaving the country entirely uncertain
where the line is to run, making it a foot-ball
for all kinds of outrageous speculation along
the line where they expect it to be located.
Those are the provisions of this bill which
we arc called upon to put through. Well, sir,
I do not know but the bill will go through this
House. But I wish to say a word to gentle-
men on this side of tho House in regard to this
matter of the public expenditures of the coun-
try. We are held, and justly held, responsible
for these expenditures. We are the majority.
The country holds ns responsible, and it is just
to hold ns responsible, and 1 tell my friends
that when we go before the people at the com-
ing election we will have to look at our records.
I tell you that the people will demand of ns a
strietaccount of our stewardship when they look
at these stupendous appropriations of their
money for objects of this character. It may
be a matter of very little interest to my distin-
guished friend from New York, [Mr. Dodge,]
or to his constituents, to the men who live in
their gilded palaces, and roll in wealth in that
magnificent, city, how much they have to pay
as taxes; but if he will go with me to the hum-
ble homes of my constituents, into the lowly
cabins which dot the prairies, and see how this
taxation is grinding them to the earth, how
they groan under the oppression of railroad
corporations and monopolies which are devour-
ing their substance, how they have to pay a
dollar a pound for their coffee, two dollars for
their tea, and thirty to fifty <j?nts a yard for
coarse cotton fabrics—when he sees all this
and reflects that these railroad monopolies
have put sueli a tariff upon the products of tho
farmer that he cannot get his corn to market
but burns it for fuel, he may think a little
differently in regard to taxation.
Sir, all my sympathies are with the masses of
the people, the "mudsills" if you may choose
to call them such. Sir, they are the men who
by their strong arms and patriotic hearts have
upheld and sustained our country in our late
struggle, and upon whom we must ever rely to
support and uphold its honor and glory in all
coming time.
Now, let mo ask my friends to go home to
tlicir constituents on this question. I under-
take to say that this proposition placed squarely
before the voters of any congressional district
of this country would not get a thousand votes.
It is well for us to look a little to those con-
stituents and see how they would probably act
if this question was to be determined by them.
I saw recently a veto message of Governor
Fenton, of New York, in which he used this
argument: that the constituents of the mem-
bers who had passed the measure would, if
it were placed before them, refuse to give it
their support. And permit mo to say, 1 glory
in the spirit which that honest and incorrupti-
ble Executive has shown in putting the knife
of the veto into the very heart of the schemes
of legislation of the State of New York. He
deseives a monument, in my judgment, at the
hands of the people of his State for resisting
legislation oppressive to tho great masses of
tho people. And let me say here that if our
Executive would stop vetoing such measures
as the Freed men's Bureau and the civil rights
bill, and would reserve his veto for some, of
these legislative schemes which are likely to
pass Congress, lie would to that extent receive
the gratitude of the American people.
Mr. WENTWORTH. He is going to do it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to say that nine tenths of my own
congressional district would vote for the bill
now under consideration?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
think I ought to make an exception in belialf
of the gentleman's constituents. It is not
strange that they want this railroad, and I bear
cheerful testimony to the zeal and ability with
which my friend has supported this measure.
A Member. So would the people of Mon-
tana.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. of Illinois. Montana
is not a State ill the Union, and it never will
be so far us my vote is concerned if it requires
me to vote away this $(H1.000,000. I think the
millions of people this side of the mountains
have some claims upon Congress as well as the
other side. As my colleague [Mr. Farxs-
worth] well said, it would be well for us to
get some means of communication across the
country between the Mississippi river and the
Atlantic. Not only that, but we more directly
upon the mighty Father of Waters want the
obstructions to that great highway of commerce
removed so that our products can go ' unvexed
to the sea." ,
You do not do that. You do not provide
the means bv which the people of Illinois and
