4134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, so that
we can offer that bill as an amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, or,
rather, as a substitute for it. I intended to do
so, but the Senator from Massachusetts got
the floor ahead of me. That bill, I think, cov-
ers the whole question ; and if any measure is
to be adopted on this subject, my impression is
that it is the best measure that can be adopted.
It is the unanimous opinion of the Committee
on Contingent Expenses that something of this
sort ought to be done at once.
Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps he will withdraw
his amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his amendment
for the time being, and allow mo to offer this,
he can renew his amendment afterwards. This
bill covers the question of the clerks of all the
standing committees.
Mr. SUMNER. I have looked over the
proposition of the Senator, and I certainly do
not think it practicable.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope, then, that the
Senate will vote down the amendment to the
amendment.
Air. HENDRICKS. I ask for the reading
of the amendment to the amendment.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. IIENDtUCKS. The latter part of that
amendment, 1 like. As to the first part, I do
not know whether the salary proposed would
bo too high or not. It has come to be the fact
that the clerks of committees are clerks simply
to the chairmen. Since the war every Senator
has so much private matter to attend to here
that it is almost impossible for him to get along
unless he cm hire a clerk. Now, if the prac-
tice or the law can be so changed that the clerks
of the eoumiiltees will he clerks for all the gen-
tlemen of the committee, wo shall get along
very wet! ; ami that part of (he proposition I
like i believe in view of the whole matter
thai I -.hall vole for it, because I think it in-
troduces one desirable reform.
Mr. ISUCK ALE\V. I desire simply to sug-
gest that under the amendment proposed by
ilie■Senator from Massachusetts, the compen-
sation o[ all the clerks of the committees of the
Senate each alternate year, that is the year of
the shoit session, will be over eighteen dollars
per day. An amendment that leads to a re-
sult of thatMui, 1 suppose, is scarcely to be
indorsed by a majority of this body.
1 will repeat what has been already stated
by the Senator from Missouri, that the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses have reported
a bill covering ail the officers and employfis
of the Senate, and they have also drafted in
blank a section which can be filled up by the
Ilouse ofliepresentatives, ifthatHouse choose,
in connection with our proposition, and bear-
ing throughout a somewhat similar character.
We have alto attempted to introduce some re-
fovnih and improvements in our present system
ol outlay as it obtains in the respective Houses
of Congress.
I'or the present, on the motion made by the
Senator from Massachusetts, I suppose the
Senate^ will have no difficulty as to what de-
cision is to be come to.
There is great inequality between the differ-
ent committees as to the necessity for clerks,
and a great inequality as to the amount, of
labor lo be performed by clerks of committees.
Wo have thought it most convenient and most
proper to proude additional compensation to
the clerks of committees by extending their
time ot service, paying them for one month
after the expiration oi our regular session. This
will enable them to perform such duties as
have been suggested by the Senator from In-
diana, in sending off documents, to conclude
and close up the business of their committee-
rooms, and to get the matter which goes over
in a state of oider and preparation for the next
session. Ho«"e\ er, I shall not discuss that
point, as the amendment is not yet before the
Senate,
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomekoy
mtheehair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachusetts
to the amendment moved by the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer Sen-
ate bill No. 443, with some few changes, which
Senators can discover as the bill is being read,
as a substitute for the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Ohio.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the first section of the
amendment of Mr. Wade, and to insert:
That the officers and employ6s of the Senate, to-
gether with their compensation and pay for services
shall be as follows:
A Secretary of tho Senate, who shall be charged
with the disbursement of the contingent fund of the
Senate, y 1,080 per annum ; ono chief clerk, $3,000;
one princil>a.l clerk, &2,500 ; one principal executive
clerk, $2,500; eight clerks $2,200 each; one purchasing
agent of too Senate,63,000 ; and one clerk at 4,1,800 ;
and ono messenger, at SI.200, for service under the
purchasing agent, and to bo appointed by him; two
laborers, to be employed by thoSecretary in bisoffice,
50 per diem; one Serjeant-at-Arms and Door-
keeper, $3,000; one assistant doorkeeper, $2,200; one
Postmaster, $2,200; oncassistantpostmastcrand mail
carrier, §l,7oU; two mail boys, SI,200 cach; two mes-
sengers in charge of mails, $1,400 cach; one superin-
tendent of document-room, S1.S00; two assistant su-
perintendents of document-room $1,400 each; one
superintendent of folding loom, $1,800; one assistant
superintendent of folding-room, 81,400 ; one chief
engineer, for heating and ventilating apparatus.
Si, (00; three assistant engineers, Ssl,400 each per
annum ; six firemen and laboiers at $2 50 per diem;
ten laborers at 82 50 per diem; three aetingassistant
doorkeepers,$1,GOO cach;seventeen messengers,$1,400
each; oneseerctary to the VicoPresidont,!;l,7o2; ono
clerk of printing records of tho Senate, who shall
act as clerk to Committee on Printing, S2.150; one
clerk of Committee on Finance, $1,85U; one clerk of
Committee on Claim.-, il.oOJ per annum; two tempo-
rary cJei'ks lor tiio Secretary of the Senate, $150 per
month each—clerks ol'the standing; committees of the
Senate not provided tor, $0 per day each, during" the
sessions ot tho Senate, and l'or ono month thereafter.
Sec. 1. Ami be it j art her enacted, That the pur-
chasing agent j)f tile Senate shall be elccted as the
oecretaiy ot the Senate is now elccted, but on the
nomination ot the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses thereof. Suoh purchasing
agent shall, within ten days after his election, take
ou oath that ho will truly and faithfully discharge
the duties of his office to tho best of his knowledge
and abilities, and shall also take the oath of loyalty
required by law of Government- officers, and within
the lime aiorcsaid he shall bo required to execute a
bond payable to the United States, with two or more
securities, each possessing property valued in amount
not le-s than tne penult} of the bond, and to be ap-
proved by tho Secretary of the Senate; such bond to
be m the penal sum ot £20,000, and conditioned that
said agent will Jrom year to year contract for all
necessary printing, and cause to bo purchased and
procured, on the most reasonable terms he can oh-
tain, tor the use oi the Senate, all stationery, furni-
tuie, wood, coal, iuc, and other articles now author-
ed by luw, mid tho orders of the Senate, or which
pi ay be hereatter so authorized, and that he %vill
cause t>uch articles to be delivered only oil the writ-
ton requisition of the proper officer or pcr&on, au-
thorized by law or the resolutions of the Senate to
receive them. Said bond shall be filed with the Sec-
retary of the Senate before said agent shall enter
on the discharge of his duties.
fritte. 2. And be it further cnncted, That the said
agent shall have the same power to advertise propo-
sals for printing and for supplying necessary arti-
cles as tne Secretary of the Senate now has byiaw,
but all bids rcecived by him, and a ll contracts made
thereon, or which may be based on private purchase,
shall bo laid before tho Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses. Said agent shall also
contractor the carrying of mails, documents, or
other printed matter, and for all other carrying or
transportation needed by the Senate, and no pay- ,
mont shall bo made by the disbursing oificcrs of the
Senate on account of purchases or contracts of said
agent until authorized by the committee controlling
its contingent expenses.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the agent
aforesaid shallmako and keep in his office a complete
record of all contracts made by him and of all aiti-
des purchased,from whom purchased, the price paid,
therefor, and also of the articles delivered to officers
and members of the Senate, showing the quantity
and value of articles delivered on the requisition of
each^and at the beginning of each session of Con-
gress ne shall lay betoro the Senate a report, show-
ing a detailed statement from his books of all the
purchases and appropriations of property made by
him. Said report shall show all printing contracted
lor, all btahouery obtained, and the persons to whom
delivered, the quantity nf fuel purchased and used, all
iurmturc purchased andfor what purposes obtained
all expenditures ior repairs and preservation of fur-
niture, and all expenditures authorized for hoxr.es
and hacks used in the service of the Senate and all
other items riot herein specified; said statement to
give the names ol persons connected with each item
<>1 purchase and expenditure. Said agent shall, in
each report, make an estimate of expenditures for
the succeeding year, and shall recommend such
measures for economy in the expenses of the Senate
as he may deem proper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest- whether it is
worth while to read the next section, as it is
merely an enumeration of the officers of the
House, with no salaries fixed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to dispensing with the reading of that section,
but the following sections ought to be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the fifth section of the amendment to the
amendment will be omitted.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendment to the amendment, as follows:
Seo. —. And be it further enacted, That the follow-
ing shall bo the officers in charge of the Library of
Congress, and the compensation of each, to wit:
One Librarian, $2,500; three assistant librarians,
32,100 each; one assistant librarian, $1,800; one as-
sistant librarian, authorized by act approved April5f
1868, to provide for the transfer of the Smithsonian
library, §1,200; one assistant librarian authorized by
same act, $1,000; three messengers, in lieu of laborers
now authorized, $900 per annum each.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be one superintendent of the botanical garden, with
an annual salary of SI,400; four assistants to super-
intendent, with a salary of $900 per annum each; six
laborers in the botanical garden, at two dollars per
diem ; public gardener, $1,440 per annum.
Sec. h. And be it further enacted, That no officer,
clerk, agent, orotheromploy6 named in the foregoing
sections of this act, and no officer or employe in any
branch of tho public service, whose salary, pay, or
emolument may have been fixed by law or regula-
tion, shall receive any extra allowance, pay. or com-
pensation for the disbursement of public money, or
for the performance of any other service whatever,
unless such extra allowance, compensation, or pay be
authorized by law. No allowance or compensation
shall bemadeto anysuch clerk, agent, or employe for
the discharge of duties which belong to any other
clerk, agent, or cmploy6 in the same or any other
department. And it shall not bo lawful for either
House of Congress to incrcaso the salary, pay, or com-
pensation of any clerk, officer, agent, or other person
m its service or employment, or to authorize from
any fund whatever, or in any manner, tho payment
of any such increase, or of any additional sum for
extra services, or for services rendered outside of the
prescribed duties ot such persons; and the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury and the disburs-
ing oineers of the Governmontshallin no ease audit,
pay, or allow any claim or demand presented for any
such unauthorized increase of compensation or extra
ly'y, nor unless an oxpress appropriation therefor
shall be first made by law.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the chairman of the
Committee on Contingent Expenses will accept
an amendment—I suppose his amendment can-
not be amended but with his consent 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand this to be
a substitute, which is amendable.
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. The substi-
tute is in the nature of an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But may not the substi-
tute 'qe amended before it is adopted, or the
original proposition either?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order first to amend the portion proposed to be
stricken out, if that is the question of the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But can you not amend
the substitute offered by the Senator from
Missouri ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that that is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I will ask the Sen-
ator from Missouri whether he will accept a
suggestion that I wish to make to him. In
looking over this proposition as a whole, look-
ing at the harmony of the system, it seems to
mei that the compensation provided for the
assistant sergeaut-at-arms and doorkeeper does
not correspond with his position. I think it
should be 32,500.
Mr. JOHNSON. What doesheget now?
Mr. HENDERSON. Twenty-two hundred
dollars by our bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator
from Missouri to make it $2,500. I think that
will make the gradation correspond with the
others.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand the other
members ot the committee are willing to con-
sent to that. We thought that Mr. Bassett's
position and his services demanded that com-
pensation, and at one time agreed upon that
sum, bat reduced it to $2,200 because we were,
