1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4135
unwilling to make an increase in the case of a
very meritorious officer, as we did not know
how soon we might have one that was not
quite so meritorious.
Mr. JOHNSON. You can reduce it again.
Mr. HENDERSON. But as Senators say,
we can reduce it when the mau does not suit
well, I will accept that suggestion and change
the amendment in line twenty of page 2 by
striking out "two" where it last occurs aud
inserting "five;" so that it will read, "one
assistant doorkeeper, $2,500."
Mr. BROWN. Do I understand that the
substitute offered by colleague is now open to
amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; you may make a sug-
gestion and he may adopt it.
Mr. BROWN. I might as well state now,
then, what 1 propose to offer as an amend-
ment. I like the character of his hill in some
respects, and particularly those sections which
set out the manner in which purchases shall be
made for the use of the Senate, in which books
shall be kept, aud in which issues shall be made
upon requisition. I think that is all very proper
and very well set forth ; but I think there is one
defect in the bill; certainly it seems a defect to
me; and that is, in creating another officer
called the purchasing agent of the Senate. 1
see no reason for creating that office. The
great object that we have in view is to sepa-
rate the purchasing from the paying, and that
can be done just as well without creating another
officer callcd the purchasing agent as it can by
that process, and the accounts can check each
other just as perfectly without the addition of
this oiiice. Now, sir, I shall propose to strike
out so much of section one as reads, " one pur-
chasing agent of the Senate, S3,500."
Mr. HENDERSON. Three thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. BROWN. It is $3,500 in the copy I
have; and in the second section I shall move
to strike out all after the word "that," in the
first line, down to and including the word
"will," in the fifteenth line, and to insert
"the Sergcant-at-Arms shall be the purchas-
ing agent of the Senate, and as such shall;"
so that the section will read:
That the Serjeant-at-Arms shall be the purchasing
agent of the Senate, and as such shall from year to
year contract for all nceessary printing, &e.
Putting him under all the regulations of this
bill in regard to the contracts which he shall
make, and devolving that duty upon him spe-
cifically. I think that will make an improve-
ment to the bill. I think it will accomplish
what is designed; and I think it will save just
that much in useless expense, and, besides,
afford all the check that is necessary between
the two accounting officers of the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. If my colleague will
examine this bill carefully, he will find that so
far as the expenses are concerned, we have
curtailed expenses.
Mr. BROWN. Well, I would curtail them
still more.
Mr. HENDERSON. He will find that really
we have fewer officers under this proposition
than there were before. We have stricken off
the stationery clerk. If he were left in, he
would have to be paid according to the system
adopted here for paying clerks, $'2,200. We
have stricken off the superintendent of the
furuaoes$l,7(10,and an assistantat $1,200, and
two drivers of Senate carryalls at SI,440 for
both as now fixed, making SO,040 per annum.
We appoint a purchasing agent at §3,000; a
clerk at SI,800, and a messenger at SI,200,
■which makes just S(>,000; saving $540 a year
over the present system as it now stands. In
addition to that, I may say that we get rid of
several other messengers, pages, &c., making
an actual saving of three or four thousand dol-
lars more.
One word in regard to the bill that is now
pending. The Senator from Ohio. I suppose
with a view of having the Sergeant-at-Arms do
this business of purchasing, proposes that there
shall be a clerk to the Sergeant-at-Arms, which
is a new office, and he fixes the salary at 1,800.
He proposes also to retain the stationery clerk
at $2,500, and to give to the Secretary of the
Senate an additional clerk. There are now
but eight clerks in the office of the Secretary
of the Senate, and he proposes Mine, which is
S2,500 more; making altogther an increase of
$t>,800; and the Senator's bill will cost the
Government $800 more than the bill we now
propose to substitute for it.
One word in regard to another point: it is a
delicate question, and I dislike very much to
refer to it. It is this—we might as well be plain
about the matter—the Secretary of the Senate
claims that, under the laws as they now stand,
he is entitled to do this work, and you will
recollect that under the act of 1842 the Secre-
tary is required every year to report to the
Senate a statement of the expenses from the
contingent fund. The honorable Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, | Mr. Bcckalew,] aud my-
self are upon the Committee on Contingent
Expenses. We called upon the Secretary of
the Senate to furnish us a report of the expend-
itures from the contingent fund, which has not
been made since 18G4. The law requires that
these reports shall be made at the end of every
year. We know but little about the contingent
expenses of the Senate. If the Senate are to
require us to pass upon the bills, I desire, as
my colleague says, to have sections specifically
setting forth the duty of every office* of the
Senate. The Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses are not particular who shall do this
work, whether the Secretary of the Senate or
Mr. Brown, the Sergeant-at-Arms, or a new
officer to be appointed for the purpose. We
do not care who does it, provided the officer
gives a bond in a largo sum. I have no doubt
that either of these officers can do that; but
we want him to give a bond, and we want liiin
to keep books so that wo can understand the
exact condition of the contingent expense ac-
count every month, or every two weeks if wc
desire, during the year.
That is the wish of the committee; and I
will state that it is useless to have a Committee
on Contingent Expenses unless we can have
these facts before us. Who is at fault about
this thing, I do not know. The Secretary says
he knows he is required by law to make this
report; but he says, " I cannot make this re-
port because I do not make the purchases; I
do not know what Mr. Brown pays for articles;
I cannot tell all the contracts that he makes;
I know nothing with regard to them."
Mr. GRIMES. The Secretary is authorised
by la\v to make them.
Mr. HENDERSON. The committee have
had that matter under-investigation. We ex-
amined it, and examined it with a great deal
of care. Mr. Brown claims that he has the
right to make purchases, and the Secretary of
the Senate claims that he has the right to make
purchases, and the Secretary insists that he
must do it in order to comply with the law;
and there is very considerable justice in his
claim. We referred the mat ter to the honora-
ble Senator from Pennsylvania to investigate
it, and he reports to the committee that under
the law as it now stands the Secretary of the
Senate is entitled to make the purchases. That
is the condition of affairs; and the majority of
the committee have come to the conclusion
that under the law the Secretary is entitled to
make them. As 1 stated before, we do not
care who makes these purchases. All that wc
desire is, that the officer making the purchases
shall keep a set of books and Unit we shall know
exactly what he pays for every article that lie
purchases, and that lie shall be enabled at any
and all times to tell us to whom he has distrib-
uted them. But, sir, I believe I cannot proceed.
I shall not be able to speak in this storm.
[At this moment an unusually violent storm
of hail and rain was raging. The pattering of
the hail upon the glass roof rendered it impos-
sible to proceed with business for some time.]
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I believe the question
now is whether we shall change the roof or
not. [Laughter.]
Mr. WADE. The amendment which I have
offered contains no more offices, or but one
more, I believe, than we have lia.d in the Sen-
ate heretofore. It gives the Sergeant-at-Arms
a clerk, and the reason was that as lie performs
his duties now, he is performing the duties of
several officers. I have not examined the law
to see whose duty it is to make these pur-
chases ; but I conclude, from ttie very fact that
there is a dispute on that subject, and that it
is claimed by both these officers, that the law
is not very definite about it, and it is not very
certain, perhaps, whose duty it is. There has
never been a complete code on the subject of
the duties of these employ6s that I know of;
they are not very well specified; but their du-
ties arc well enough known by prescription
and the manner in which they have been done
heretofore. J do not think there is any great
difficulty on that subject. I believe the Ser-
geant-at-Arms has made most of the purchases,
and I am not aware that there has ever been
any complaint about the manner in which the
purchases have been made.
As to the keeping of the stationery-room,
whose clerk this bill endeavors to dispense with,
I believe I can truly say that the same force is
now provided in that room that always has
been there. I know that the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Eessexdex] the other day said he
believed that under Mr. Clubb it was very dif-
ferent from what it is now ; but I have made
some inquiries upon that subject, and 1 find
that it is the same now as it \sas then. Sena-
tors all know the officer who presides over that
department, Mr. Jones. I believe there is no
Senator who will say he is not an exceedingly
faithful and obliging man. lie attends to all
the disbursements of money for Senators, I
believe, and no man here has any lault to find
in him. He is faithful, prompt, eager, ready
always to perform his duties ; and his duties
take him out of that room a very considerable
part of the time; but then he has clerks there
and Mr. Clubb had clerics there, to deliver to
Senators whatever they callcd for. 11'there is
any fault in that, regard, it is not so much in
the manner that your clerks perform their duty,
as in the fact that there is no limitation upon
the powers of members of the Senate to gel
whatever they please there.
The Committee on Contingent Expenses say
they want a rigid account kept, and that for
everything you get you must give an order, or
sign a receipt every time you go there. I be-
lieve this bill provides for that. It is a very
good way for doing business, and if you want
to bo exact about it, it is all well enough ; but
the Senate of the United States did not believe
originally that it was necessary for them to
come down to these minute particulars that
shopkeepers resort to in carrying on their busi-
ness. It has been the habit of the Senate from
the earliest times not to do that; and it was
the habit of the House not to do it for a great
many years; but they have finally changed
their entire system of stationery, and instead
of being furnished in kind, each member is
furnished with a certain sum of i.'.oney to select
his own purchases with. 1 am not prepared
to say that we ought not to adopt the same
system; but until we do that it is idle to talk
of reducing things to anything like an absolute
certainty of account-keeping in that room. I
do not believe that any Senator has ever abused
the privilege he had of going there and getting
whatever iie wished to have. 1 never heard
of any such thing, nor do 1 believe it. ^ It is
not insinuated on the other side: but it is said
there is not that rigid account-keeping that
would bo desirable by those who administer
upon those accounts. I have no doubt that is
so ; and the reason is because we have not got
ourselves down to that rigid way of keeping
these accounts.
1 do not think we arc prepared now to make
a code on this subject, at this late period of the
1 session. I do not think this bill is prepared
for it. It seems to me to be a very cumber-
some thing. Here is a clerk for purchases to
be established; and who is be? Why, sir. the
