2216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Mr. CHANDLER. To avoid discussion I
will move that the Senate non-concur in the
amendments, and ask for a committee of con-
ference, if the Senator will give way for that
purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say what I was
proceeding to say at the present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not occupy long.
I was stating, sir. that at the present time the
cost of telegraphing from Washington city to
the Pacific coast by the Overland Telegraph
Company is for every ten words about seven
dollars and eighty cents, a very high rate of
charge, as we who pay it happen to know from
day to day and from hour to hour.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from California that the rate is ten
dollars from here to Portland, in Oregon, for
every ten words.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no doubt it is,
going by California. My purposes, however,
was only to call attention to that as a high
rate but this is a higher rate slill, three dol-
lars for a distance of a hundred miles, which
may be the means of communicating with the
European continent, and the only means in
case of the continued failure of the northern
ocean line. As I understand, the French
Government are now taking steps to construct
a line by the Cape De Verde islands. Mv
purpose, however, is only to call attention to
the fact,and J do not want this question dis-
posed of by being committed to a committee
of conference.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, let it go.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the honorable
Senator will allow me to proceed for a mo-
ment. 1 was about to say that [ did not want
this question disposed of by being referred to
a committee of conference which shall agree
to this rate. 1 notice, now, that the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. KiikkmaxJ is in Iiis seat, who
icels some interest in (his subject; find wluit*
over course is taken, I desire lo civil the atten-
tion of the SenMo to (lie fact that the rate fixed
hcie is a rate that ought not to be permitted,
31) lny opinion.
iMr. MORRILL. The Senate is undoubt-
edly siifheiently aware of the opposition to
tins bill—-
Mr. CONNESS. I wish the honorable Sen-
ator to understand that I voted for the bill on
its passage, and opposition lo the bill is not
my purpose now ; but I am utterly opposed to
adding to the exclusive privilege granted to
this company the right to make this extraor-
dinary charge.
Mr. MORRILL. Of course I did not pro-
pose to refer to (he Senator particularly as
"the opposition" to which I adverted.
Mr. 1 RUM BULL. Mr. President—-
_ Mr. MOUltlLL. Docs the Senator wish to
interrupt?
Mr. ri'UMDULL. I was going to ask the
Senator having charge of this bill, who 1 be-
lieve is the Senator from Michigan, as it is
going to give rise to debate, to let it go over,
and let us proceed with the bill which wo had
up in the morning hour the day before yester-
day, and which was partially discussed and
postponed. I hope he will allow that bill to
come up as there seems to bo a disposition to
debate this matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think it will
lead to any debate. It has been thoroughly
discussed heretofore.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the
senator from Maine give way?
Mr. MOIUllLL. Not yet. I do not propose
to lose sight of this bill just here if I can help
it. 1 his bill had the consideration of the Sen-
ate, I believe, fully. I he question now is upon'
concurrence in the amendments of the House
of Representatives. I have not the slightest
objection to the bill taking the direction which
the honorable chairman who has charge of the
bill has suggested, and to its going to a com-
mittee of conference where it can be adjusted,
as the Senator from California, I am disposed to
believe, very properly suggests. The bill, so
far as it has been amended by the House of
^Representatives, has been in derogation of the
interests of the corporators. It was thoroughly
discussed in the Senate, and I believe the Sen-
ate will bear me witness that the judgment of
the Senate was favorable to the bill. On this
question of the exorbitant character of the
charge, I am not now in a position to judge.
I am half inclined to believe with the honorable
Senator from California that it maybe so; but
I suggest to him that the power to amend this
charter in all particulars, including the subject
of charge, is reserved in the bill, so that if the
charge is found to be exorbitant hereafter it
can be reached.
If it is the judgment of the Senate that this
bill ought to pass, why not pass it now? We
have had the deliberate judgment of the Senate
once oYi this measure. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] thinks it ought not to pass with-
out consideration. We have had consideration.
That Senator is opposed to the bill in toto, and
the opposition he makes to it, I dare say, is the
opposition of the other day renewed, the bill
having once had the sanction of the Senate,
unless it is obnoxious to some such charge as
the honorable Senator from California raises
in this one particular, I object to its receiving
the go-by, and ! insist that its friends ought to
give it a direction which will facilitate its pas-
sage at an early day. It should not be forgot-
ten that it was said on a former occasion that
time was essential. I suggest, therefore, to the
honorable Senator from California to allow the
bill to take the direction suggested by the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me to iniomipi him for n moment?
Mr. MORRILL Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. My object is not to delay
the passage of the bill 1 finally consented
to vote for it in the Senate when it passed.
My opposition to it cea.sed then, as a matter
of course, lint 1 ask the Senator, in whose
judgment I have great confidence, whether,
in his opinion, the limit fixed by the amend-
ment ot the House ot Repi esentatives to the
company's right to charge does not preclude
"" from acting on thai subject hereafter under
the genetril clause placed in the bill by the
Senate originally reserving to Congress the
right to alter and amend it. My impression
was that it would have that cffcct as to that
point. If it does not, as a matter of course
the naming of th, amount to be charged in
the House amendment does not make the bill
any more obnoxious than it was before, be-
cause as I voted for it they had a right to make
what charge they pleased. But it occurred to
mo that if we agreed to the amendment of the
House fixing this sum as the limit of the charge
to be made by this company it would bind us
hereafter in any action that we might propose
to take on this subject.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the-honorable Sen-
ator will sec, on a moment's reflection, that
it cannot _by any possibility have that effect.
The provision is simply that they shall not
charge exceeding that amount, and of course,
within that limit, it will be under the control
of Congress.
9t °>l]y change made
by the House was, first, making this line free
to the Government of the United States in
time of peace and war; second, putting in a
proviso that they should not charge over so
much for ten words, because the House were
not willing to give to this company the great
scope which they deemed to be contained in
the original bilL But the same powers are
reserved in the bill now that were in ft before
it went to the House. The amendments that
have been inserted are simply against the com-
pany. I hope the vote will'be taken on con-
curring in the amendments.
Sir. SPRAGUE. I trust that this measure
will go back to the Committee on Commerce
and receive more consideration than it lias
already received. The Senator from Missouri
LMr. Brown] has suggested a measure to the I
Senate whereby the United States will take the
exclusive control of the telegraphing of this
country. The Senator from Oregon and the
Senator from California feel the full force and
weight of the exorbitant demands of these
great monopolies, and the business of the coun-
try every day suffers from the exclusiveness of
this great interest. It strikes me that there
should be an amendment to this bill providing
that the privileges and the rights granted by it
shall cease when the United States shall have
taken possession, as they have a right to do
undoubtedly under the Constitution, of the tel-
egraphing of the country. Give us a clause to
that effect; amend your bill; let us understand
that the policy of the country is to prevent
those exclusive monopolies which now embar-
rass the business interests of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
has very correctly stated that I was opposed to
the passage of this bill when it was under con-
sideration before, and that I have not changed
my mind. I have no objection to the character
of the company who undertake this enterprise
On the other hand, I think the gentlemen
engaged in it are men of capacity and have
ample means to execute, their purpose. My
idea is that within a very short time—I hope
within a year or two—there will be an entire
revolution in the system of telegraphing. As
it is now, it is only a luxury for the rich. A
dispatch of ten words to my own State costs
$1 75 to the citizen who sends it, while prob-
ably the real cost to the companies does not
exceed from one to two or three cents a word
at the outside. The receipts for telegraphing
in the United Slates annually are probably
equal to the entire cost of all the telegraphic
lines. That this system cannot continue, that
some change must take place soon, I believe
every man engaged in business is thoroughly
convinced. Private enterprises will, even at
a disadvantage, compete with existing lines,
unless they aie linally bought up as 1ms been
the case in very many instances. There must
be some way of reducing the cost of what is
now an absolute necessity in modern exist-
ence, telegraphing. 1 have no doubt that the
same history of progress in the reduction of
telegraphic charges will exist and continue for
a few years to come as we had in the post
office system. Within my recollection, a letter
from New York to Ohio cost twenty-five cents.
It is now reduced to three cents, and that is
the price for conveying a letter to California.
I have no doubt the same system will exist
as to telegraphing. It is the cheapest mode
of transit, and requires the least capital of
any mode of transportation. Railroads, stage-
coaches,^ turnpikes, canals, all require a vast
outlay of capital, but telegraphing is the cheap-
est possible mode of communication ; the least
capital is required to be employed for the
length of line, and therclore the price of tele-
graphing will gradually go down, with the
improvements of the age, with competition,
probably with the assumption of telegraphing
by the Government of the United States. I
have no doubt that that will occur in a short
time.
My objection to this bill was not to the enter-
prise itself -for I was in favor of it—but it was
to the monopoly character of the project, the
granting to a private corporation in the Stale
of INew York of a sole privilege. It is tiuo it
was answered that this was somewhat modified
by the right of Congress to repeal or change
Jt seems that it is always a
difficult thing to change such a law. After men
have embarked in an enterprise of that kind,
there is always an appeal, at least, to our mag-
nanimity and liberality, not to deprive them
of a franchise under which they have invested
their money. I do not know whether any cases
have occurred where Congress have changed or
modified a private charter of this kind. There
may be many such cases, but I know of none;
and I am sure it will he very difficult indeed to
change and modify this law.
The only objection I had to the bill was to
the exclusive character given to this corpora-
