41.36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
committee will not trust even the Senate to
appointhim. They preserve in theirown hands
the nomination of the man that is to be the
clerk of purchases, and he is to ,be a new offi-
cer with ail additional salary. If you are to
change this system, I do not think this is neces-
sary. I think that either the Secretary of the
Senate orthe Sergeant-at-Arms may do as they
have done heretofore, make all these purchases
and make them well, and be charged with the
duty of doing it; and if gentlemen want them
to give bond for the rigorous accountability of
what they do, I have no objections to that. But
I do not think we have time to go into all these
things now. I think we ought to begin it ear-
lier in the session and reduce it to a perfect sys-
tem. I think it would bo well to do so ; but I
do not think this bill does that any more than
the amendment I have offered. It certainly
does devolve the duty of making these pur-
chases upon a new officer instead of the old
officers who have been heretofore making them.
If it is necessary, let us charge one of our
present officers with this duty and then lay him
under such responsibilities as you please; but
at this stage of the session I do not think it is
necessary to do this. All that is necessary to
do now is to take the old employes, who know
their places, whom we do not displace, where
wo leave no gaps, try no experiments, and go
on in the way we have been going on hereto-
fore during the session, and at the next session
let the Committee on Contingent Expenses get
up a perfect codp, reduce it to a system, which
they certainly have not done now.
The amendment that I have offered follows
the old line of business, and barely undertakes
1o give an additional compensation to the em-
ployes as they formerly existed. I think it is
the safest way now; and that if we undertake
to get up a new system we shall not perfect it
so that il, will work well, and wo shall not bo
perfectly sure that in skipping over or leaving
out some of these officers their duties will be
as well peiformed as they have been. I pre-
fer the amendment that I have offered to this
amendment, because I understand what I have
done bettor. They have attempted to reduce
if to a system, but it seems to me they have
failed to perfect it.
Mr. GRIMES. Very much against my will
I have been for the last three or fonr months
a member of the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses, and I desire to state, in a word or two,
why 1 assented to the introduction of the bill
which has been proposed by the Senator from
.Missouri as a substitute for the proposition of
the Senator from Ohio.
In the first place I understand that the office
of Sergeant-at-Arms is as chief executive of
this body. He is the head of the police of the
Senate. His place is there, at the right hand
of the President of the Senate, [pointing to the
chair of the Sergeant-at-Arms,J and we used
to sec him there as regularly as we saw the
President of the Senate in the Vice President's
chair. We were in the habit of seeing him
there; and I suppose the reason why we are
not now in tb<?lhabil of seeing him there is be-
cause he has encroached, as I undertake to
iiiy, upon the jurisdiction of other officers of
the Senate, and drawn to himself an authority
which was not exorcised before he became the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
I speak thus plainly because all these officers
are my personal and political friends, and it is
due to them and to myself that I should state
what are my honest convictions upon the sub-
ject. I am satisfied from all the investigation
that f have been able to make, that up to the
ki-t live years the Sergeant-at-Arms did not
wake purchases. That business was confided
to the Secretary of the Senate. During the
illness of Mr. Dickins, the former Secretary,
the l;>te Vice President gave the Sergeant-at-
Arms, as I understand, authority, which he
had no right to give, to make purchases ; and
out of that authority bestowed by Mr. Hamlin
has grown the practice of making purchases
on the part of the Sergeant-at-Arms. I do not
say that there is an express, absolute declara-
tion- of statute saying that nobody shall make
these purchases except the Secretary of the
Senate ; but such had been, as I am informed
by those who are familiar with the practice,
the invariable custom up to within the last four
or five years.
But when I became a member of the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses I found that
there were four or five different persons who
made purchases, each of whom certified to
the bills as being correct, and we were called
upon .to indorse and order the payment of
those bills, certified to by four or five different
persons. We found that the same kinds of
articles were purchased; as an illustration we
found that since the 1st of January there had
been purchased by the Sergeant-at-Arms and
Doorkeeper of the Senate, and by the Secretary
of the Senate, somewhere from seventy to ninety
hair-brushes. I only allude to this one article
as an evidence of the variety of articles pur-
chased and the method in which they were
purchased.
What was the remedy for such a condition of
tilings as this? And mind you, Mr. President,
our purchases are not made on such terms as
you and I would make if we went to buy for
our own individual purposes.
Mr. WILSON". Why not?
Mr. GRIMES. Because everybody who sells
to the Government expects to get a larger per-
ceutage,#br whatever he sells to us than when
he has a purchaser in a private individual I
think that is the reason why.
Mr. WILSON. Cannot our agents buy as
cheap as anybody else ?
Sir. GRIMES. Well, I do not think they
do. That is my opinion. Now, what was the
remedy? The Committee#on Contingent Ex*
penscs believed that it was their duty to furnish
some remedy. They believed—and I think I
was the first one that proposed it, and I there-
fore am willing to take all the responsibility in
that connection—Ibelieve thatitwasourinterest
to do exactly as I would do under similar cir-
cumstances. If I was the proprietor of a large
institution like this, in which there was an ex-
penditure of $300,000, or $400,000, or $500,000
a year, I should employ some one man to make
all the purchases for me—some man in whom
I could place implicit confidence, and not allow
the purchases to be made by Tom, Dick, and
Hurry, and half a dozen agents of mine, some
with express authority and some with no au-
thority at all. The committee concurred with
me in that opinion, and hence it is that we
have proposed that there shall be one purchas-
ing agent.
Now, I understand that the- amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Brown] would change this provision which we
recommend and allow these purchases to be
made by the Sergeant-at-Arms, whose office was
created for no such purpose ; who has enough
to do to look after the police of the Senate;
who is required in some instances to leave this
body entirely and go away in order to execute
the processes of the Senate; sometimes to ac-
company committees of the body, and there-
fore cannot attend to business of this kind j and
who ought not, under any circumstances, in my
opinion, to be the man employed for the dis-
charge of any such duty. His business is, as
I say, as the executive officer of this body, and
he should be occupying the seat which we have
selected for him, and which his predecessors
have occupied for the last seventy years.
I have not got the bill before me, and I am
not able to go through it and analyze it, as the
Senator from Missouri and the Senator from
Pennsylvania are far better able to do than I
am. It will be observed that the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio, for which
the proposition of the Senator from Missouri
is a substitute, is based upon the House sala-
ries. As an example, he proposes to give the
Sergeant-at-Arms $3,600. There is not the
slightest analogy between the organizations of
the House and the Senate. The Sergeant-at-
Arms in the House is the disbursing officer of
the House. He keeps the money; he gives
bonds; he pays the compensation and mileage
of the members of the House ; and hence it is
that in the House of Representatives a larger
compensation has been awarded to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms than probably would have been
awarded to him if he had merely the authority
to discharge the same kind of duties that are
devolved by law upon the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. Ho has three or four clerks
to assist him.-
Mr. GRIMES. Very well; he is paid that
extra compensation, this §600 additional for
the responsibility of handling a million dol-
lars of money, for the requirement which is
imposed upon him of executing a bond, for the
responsibility of having those very clerks, and
being responsible to the House of Representa-
tives for their good conduct and behavior.
So in regard to some of the clerks. The prin-
cipal clerk in the House of Representatives is
Mr. Barclay, an old employ^, an excellent
parliamentarian.
Mr. WADE. He is dead.
Mr. GRIM-ES. No, sir; he is not dead; I
saw him to-night. He is alive and well. He
is the man who wrote a book on parliamentary
law. He has been employed in the House of
Representatives for, I suppose, twenty-five or
thirty years. They give him a larger compen-
sation than they assign to any other officer of
that description; and why? Because of the
personal qualifications of the man. Now, it
will be observed that the Senator from Ohio
selects out our principal clerk, who is Mr.
Smith, and attaches to him the same compen-
sation that is attached to Mr. Barclay in the
House. It may be that Mr. Smith is entitled
to more than anybody else; but it may not be
that he is as well qualified to discharge the du-
ties of a clerk as somebody else is here. It
appears, therefore—and I only allude to this
to show the way in which the Senator from
Ohio has drawn his bill—that in order to make
it correspond with the House of Representa-
tives, he takes the same titles and attaches the
same salaries to the titles, without having re-
gard to the principle upon which the House
bill was drawn; and the House bill is drawn
more in relation to the qualifications and char-
acters of the employes of the House than to
anything else.
Mr. President, I have no idea that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri is going to
be adopted ; among others, for the reason that
was stated by the Senator from Ohio. The
Senate will not be disposed to consider it at
this late hour of the session, and there is a dis-
inclination always in bodies of this description
to m'ake reforms. In my opinion, this is a very
important and salutary reform, and will work
vastly to the advantage of your contingent ex-
penses. I believe that if the purchases for this
Senate were concentrated in the hands of one
man, and that a judicious man, a man who
was not extravagant, a man who would man-
age the affairs of the Senate precisely as he
would manage his own, there would be from
fifty to seventy thousand dollars saved every
two years. That is all I have say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President. I was
somewhat surprised at a statement made by
the Senator from Missouri in regard to the
contingent expenses of the Senate. My atten-
tion hasnot been very specially turned to them;
I have not been a member of the Committee on
Contingent Expenses, and I am not familiar
with the details of these matters; but I was
astonished when the Senator from Missouri
said, as I understood him, that we had no de-
tailed account of the contingent expenses of
the Senate; and! understood him that the Sec-
retary of the Senate could not make a report
because he did not purchase everything, that
he did not know the cost of the articles that
were purchased by the Sergeant-at Arms, and
it was impossible for him to make the report
showing the facts. I believe I understood the
Senator correctly.
Mr. HENDERSON. I stated that in inves-
tigating the law I found that it was the duty
