192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
to all the proceedings of the Legislature and
the Executive and the Judiciary to show that
ill the opinion of each department these States
are considered as existing States, and in the
Union as such. All that I further propose to
' do on this occasion is to call the attention of
the Senate to a passage or two in the opinion of
the Supreme Court in the prize cases, and to
some general remarks as to the authority of the
United States to bring about the end which the
honorable member supposes has been brought
about by the hostilities or in consequence of
the hostilities.
A passage in the opinion of the court in those
cases has been over and over again relied upon
in this Chamber and elsewhere as maintaining
the doctrine that whatever may be accomplished
by war in the case of an international war,
hasbeen accomplished by means of the hostili-
ties which we have been carrying on in these
States, and consequently that whatever rights
are incident to a state of war, and may bo
acquired by either of the belligerents in an in-
ternational war, are incident- to and might be
acquired by the United States in the hostilities
which the United States has carried on; and
that as one of those rights is to obtain title by
conquest that title may be obtained in our case
by the United States as well as if the war had
been an international one. Now, before i take
up the ease, permit me to change the order in
which I propose to consider it, and let me state
the proposition bo that I may very fairly try
conclusions with my friend from "Wisconsin.
Supposing him to maintain the doctrine which
I ain about to state, (he does it, as I think,
necessarily, as one of the results of his view, if
he does not do it in terms,] we have obtained,
says the honorable member, as one of the con-
sequences of the war, some right that we had
not before. What is that? A right to legislate
for the people and for the territory within the
States that have been in insurrection as people
of Territories and as Territories. We have got
that how? By the result of the war. What
result of the war? Because of the victory
which wehave achieved over the rebellion. We
have won it by force of arms; we are the con-
querors, they are the conquered. We, there-
fore, by virtue of the conquest, have a right over
the territory of these States which wc did not
before possess. Wo have an authority over the
citizens of those States which we did iiot before
possess, Conquered! In the first place we are
to consider what authority is there in the Con-
stitution of the United States which gives to the
General Government—if there shall be enough
left of that Government to accomplish it—the
right to conquer the States. 1 have, in a meas-
sure anticipated the argument. The authority
delegated is an authority not to conquer people
or territory, but to conquer in the name of tlxe
Constitution and laws of the United States, and
thereby, by force of such conquest, to bo able
to hold them up and declare to the insurgents,
" This is your Constitution and your laws, and
you are bound by them as you were before you
attempted to resist their authority."
Can anybody doubt that? Wo went into the
conflict to maintain both the Constitution and (ho
laws. What gave rise to the conflict? What was
the conflict? Are the States and the people of
the States in or out of the Union ? We have tried
that question by ordeal of battle. What has
been the result ? Have the insurgents succeeded,
or have we succeeded ? They wanted to get out
of the Union; we wanted to retain them in the
Union. That was the issue between us. We
said that, notwithstanding their acts of seces-
sion and hostility, they were still States, and
their citizens were bound to obey the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States. They said
they were not States of the Union, and* that
their citizens were not bound by the Constitu-
tion and laws of the Ijnion. The struggle has
been made, the issue ha^ been tried, the verdict
has been rendered, and it is in our favor. Suc-
cess i- ours. Well, success how? Succeeded
to what extent? Succeeded in keeping in the
Union men who were endeavoring by force of
arms to escape from the Union.
The proposition of the honorable member is
that we have succeeded only in part; we have'
put down the insurrection, but we have lost the
States to retain which was our objoct in carry-
ing on the conflict. If so, it can be hardly
called a victory at all. Preservation was the pur-
pose ; preservation was the duty; the countless
lives that have been lost, and the still more
countless treasure that has been expended,
have served, to be sure, the purpose of putting
down forcible resistance to the execution of the
Constitution and the laws, but leave the Union
a Union only of some twenty-one States instead
of thirty-three or thirty-four. Tim victory, ac-
cording to that theory, is but half achieved:
the object is but half accomplished. We wanted
to bring them where they were when they
started. Thcv said they would not return to
where they were when they started. We have
put it out of their power to take themselves out
of the Union individually, but we have not
been able to retain the States. They are hope-
lessly, absolutely gone, according to the theory
of the honorable member. Can that be so,
Mr. President? Is it possible that it can be
so? If it be, I am by no means prepared to
say that the object accomplished compensates
at all for the sacrifices which have been made
to accomplish it—a dissevered Union, brought
about, not by our consent; we protested against
it; but if the honorable member is right in his
theory, brought about because wo could not
prevent it. Practically, he comes to the same
conclusion that the former President of the
United States came to, as announced in the
message which he sent to Congress announcing
the existence of the insurrection, that there
was no right to secede, but that there was 110
authority in the Government to prevent it. It
makes very little difference whether the want
of authority is acknowledged as a want appar-
ent in the Constitution, or whether it is main-
tained as a fact which cannot be avoided if the
insurgents think proper to carry on the war for
any length of time—not to bo avoided if tlioy
pursue a certain course of conduct. Now, Mr.
President, what difference in principle does it
make as far as concerns the question which I
am now discussing, whether there are twenty-
one Stales resolved upon standing by the Gov-
ernment and eleven only in hostility against it,
or whether there bo eleven who stand by it
and twenty-one against it, and the eleven suc-
ceed?
Massachusetts and Virginia, perhaps, at one
period in the history of the Government, might
by uniting their forces have escaped the obli-
gations of the Union. The States upon whose
shoulders rested for support the arms of Wash-
ington, during the revolutionary struggle, were
then all-powerful; and one of those States
would have been perhaps the most powerful
State now in the Union but for the existence of
involuntary servitude. 1 mean Virginia, ffthe
remaining States had thought proper to resist it,
those two States might by their physical power
and patriotism have put down the insurrection;
and. according to the theory of the honorable
member, then the Union, which our fathers
thought consisted of thirteen States, the States
that had carried us sueec-jsfully through the
revolutionary struggle, would be reduced to two.
What sort of a Congress would yon have? Two
Senators from Massachusetts and two Senators
from Virginia, and a larger number in the other
House. I)o you think that would be a consti-
tutional condition of things?
Mr. HOWE. What is the clause of the Con-
stitution which condemns it?
Mr. JOHNSON. Condemns what?
Mr. IIOWIC, Condemns that state of things
in the ea^e supposed.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no particular
elai .se condemning it, because, 1 was about to
say, 110 man in the Convention ever thought that
such a proposition would be contended for.
Mr, HOWE. J presume not. «
NIi*. JOHNSON. It is not provided asrainst
in express terras, but ir is provided against by
the whole spirit of the (-on- titution. The (jrov-
ernmentformedby the Constitution cannot exist i
unless the Stales are represented. The theory
of the honorable member would, in the case I
have supposed., constitute Virginia and Massa-
chusetts despots, armed with the power of doing
whatever they might think proper toward the
other States or the citizens within those States,
But again the honorable member says that con-
quest extinguishes these States, or that what has
been done extinguishes tliem. Does the hon-
orable member recollect what the decision of
the Supreme Court was in the case of the Uni-
ted States vs. Rice, reported in 4 Wheaton? I
have no doubt liis memory can easily be re-
freshed when I call his attention to the case.
The honorable member told us yesterday that
j he could not imagine a State suspended that
could be revived without some congressional
legislation. Suspension in such a case, accord-
ing to him, is death. The ease to which I al-
lude presented this question: during the war
of 1812, sometime in 1814, the British obtained
the undisputed possession of Castinearid of the
territory of Maine lying on the other side, a
territory, 1 believe, constituting about one third
of that State. From the time they got posses-
sion up to the ratification of the treaty of peace
ofFebruaiy, 1816, they had undisputed posses-
sion ; the authority of the United States was
gone for a time; the authority of Maine was
gone for a time. Is that part of the State of
Maine out of the Union now? I do not think
my friend whom 1 see. one of the Senators from
the State of Maine, would admit that. J. rather
presume'that he thinks that Castine is a part of
the State of Maine, and he thinks that all the
rest of the territory of that State that came into
the actual physical possession, by force of arms,
of (Treat Britain in 1814, and remained there
until the ratification of peace in 1815, still is a
part of the State of Maine. But what was it
in the interval? Dead, if my friend from Wis-
consin is right now as to the effect of State sus-
pension ; dead, becausethcauthority ofthcS;ate
| and the authority of the United States during
the whole ot'that period wassuspended. This is
not my own word; it is the word of the Supreme
Court itself. The decision arose out of this
state of facts : while the port was in the exclu-
sive military possession of England a cargo was
imported, and England imposed, herself, upon
the cargo whatever duties she thought proper
to exact. The cargo was landed, the English
duty paid. The authority of the United States
afterward was reinstated. The collector ofthe
United States insisted upon the importer pay-
ing the duty which the cargo would have been
liable to under the laws of the United States if
Castine had been in the possession of the Uni-
ted States at the time of the importation, and
he made him give a bond for the payment of
such duty. The case was tried, and the Supreme
Court by a unanimous decision decided that the
bond was void. Now, how came they to decide
so? I will read a few sentences fioni the opin-
ion of Mr. Justice Story, in 4 Wheaton. }>age
253. He says:
" The si node question arising on the pleadings in this
case is, whether (roods imported into Cast mo during
its occupation by the enemy are liable to the dunes
imposed by the revenue laws upon goods imported
into the United State?. It appears, by the pleading,
that on the 1st day of September, 3811, Castine was
captured by the eneiav, and remained in his oxclu-
1 sivo pocses.-ion, undrr the command ant! «. onliol of hid
military and naval forces, until after the ratification
oi the treaty 01 peace, in February, 1°>15. During this
period theJiriiishGovernment exercised all civil and
military authority over the place, and established a
custom-house, and admitted sroods to be imported, ac-
cording to regulations prescribed by itself,and,among
otheis, admit ted the goods upon which duties are now
demanded. These p.nods remained at Castine until
after it was evacuated by the enemy; and upon the
reestablishment of tlie American Government the
collector of the eu-'toms, claiming a right to American
duties on the <?oo<K took the bond in question from
the defendant for the security of them.
" ruder ihobe circumstances, we are all of opinion
that tin* claim for duties cannot besustained. By the
coniiiio&t and military occupation of Castine the enemy
acquired that firm possession which enabled him to
exercise the fullest rights of sovereignty over that
place."
That is, as long as it continued. Now he
goes on to say how long it continued :
"The sovereignty of the United .States over the
territory was ot course suspended, and the lawioftho
United States could no longer be rightfully enforced
