1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
that thing to be done. Does it not permitthe
rebellions States to exclude from tlie right of
voting and to disfranchise entirely the freed-
men?
Mr. WILSON. I answer emphatically, no I
In my judgment—and I have tried very hard to
think the other way, andlbave heard and read
a good deal on that subject—this amendment
permits nothing, nothing whatever. I have
never seen or heard or read anything yet that
convinces me that the .adoption of the consti-
tutional amendment making free these people
gaye the Congress of the United States any
po wer to settle the question of suffrage in Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, Indiana, or anywhere else.
Mr. YATES. The honorable Senator does
not understand the last question which I put to
him ; and that is, whether by the constitutional
amendment now proposed the State of South
Carolina or any other of the rebel States may
not disfranchise (he freedmen entirely. Does
it not give the States the right to say that col-
ored people shall not vote, or that a certain
portion of them shall not vote? Is not that
the spirit of the pending amendment ? Does
it not give constitutional sanction to that doc-
trine? ,
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the Senator
by saying that I think this amendment leaves
the matter with t£e States just precisely as it
is now ; there is no implication in it, no com-
promise in it, no surrender by this Government
of any power whatever. This amendment does
not touch the question of suffrage at all; this
"amendment" simply proposes a penalty for
denying to freemen the right of suffrage. It
proposes that free persons, as now, shall con-
tinue to be the basis of representation; but
that if any portion of them, on account of color
or race, are denied, in any State, the right of
suffrage, they shall not bo counted in the basis
of representation.
If it is true—and who can doubt it—that the
States possess the power of prescribing the
qualifications of electors, how can it be main-
tained that by implication this amendment con-
cedes to the States the power of denying the
right of suffrage? This amendment conccdes
nothing whatever. It yields nothing whatever
of the powers now possessed by the Federal
Government ; but itaoes say to every State, " If
you deny suffrage to any man on account of color
or race the whole of that class or racc shall bo
excluded from the basis of representation."
There is no compromise in this, iio concession,
no surrender of any rights now possessed by
the Government.
Mr. YATliS. Let me state to the Senator
the position which 1 assume. Before the adop-
tion of the constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery and giving Congress power to enforce
that abolition by appropriate legislation, the
States had a right under the Constitution, ac-
cording to the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States, to disfranchise the colored
people. They wore considered a subject race,
they were not considered a part of the people,
a part of the sovereignty, a part of the citizens
of the United Slates. l!ut by that constitu-
tional amendment they arc free, as free as the
Senator from Massachusetts this day; and now
the question is whether, with this amendment
staring us in the face, we shall proceed to insert
in the Constitution a new clause by which the
States may disfranchise these persons alto-
gether. That is the question—an entirely dif-
ferent question from any that was presented
before the adoption of the anti-slavery amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I hold that the amendment
neither yields, gives, or surrenders any power.
It simply imposes a penalty upon the States for
continuing to do what they are now doing. I
have in my hands an opinion given by Attorney
General Bates, and I think a few paragraphs
from it might be advantageous to the Senator
from Illinois to hear, and I will read them to
him. Mr. Bates says:
. ' discussing this subject, it is a misleading error
to tail to mark the natural and characteristic distine-
H?n between political rights and political powers.
3.&0 iormer belong to all citizens alike, and cohere
in the very name and nature pf citizenship. * The lat-
ter participation in the powers of government by
voting and exercising office does not belong to all
citizens alike, nor to any citizen, merely in virtue of
citizenship. His power always depends upon ex-
traneous facts and superadded qualifications; which
facts and qualifications are common to both citizens
and aliens."
And Mr. Bates says further:
"The Constitution of the United States, as I have
said, does not define citizenship; neither does it de-
clare who may vote, nor who may hold office, oxcept
in regard to a few of the highest national function-
aries. And the several States, as far as X know, in
exercising that poweract independently and without
any controlling authority over them, and hence it
follows that there is no limit to their power in that
particularbuttheirown prudence and discretion, and
therefore wo are not surprised to find that these fac-
ulties of voting and holding office are not uniform in
the different States but are made to depend upon a
variety of facts purely discretionary, such as age, sex,
race, color, property, residence in a particular place,
and length of residence there." * * * *
"And as to voting and holding office, as that privi-
lege is not essential to citizenship, so the deprivation
of it by law is not a deprivation of citizenship. No
more so in the case of a negro than in case of a white
woman or child."
Mr. President, if we had the power by lcgis-
tive action to regulate suffrage in the States I
should vote for extending the right of suffrage
to the black man with all my heart, soul, and
reason. I had hoped to be able to deduce the
power from the provisions of the Constitution
so that I could vote for it according to my
judgment and cJJhscienee; but I cannot do so.
If the Senator from Illinois or any other Sena-
tor has come to the conclusion that he has the
power I cannot object to it: and if the Senate
and the country arrive at that conclusion I shall
not complain. I have labored in public and in
private life for thirty years for the emancipa-
tion of this race and for their elevation and im-
provement. I believe that suffrage to them is
a weapon of self-protection and that it ought
to be granted. If after having called one hun-
dred and eighty thousand men of the colored
racc, native-born American citizens, to fight
our battles, after the aid they have given us,
after they refused to take the musket for the
defense of the confederacy when the confed-
eracy appealed to thorn to do it, if we refuse to
extend to them the suffrage, the weapon of pro-
tection, it will bring upon this nation, as slavery
brought upon it, the curse of an offended God.
1 believe in the years to eomo wo shall be pun-
ished for it as we have boon punished for four
weary years with fire and blood and death for
two centuries of oppression. I will go as far as
he who goes furthest in every practical meas-
ure that can bring about negro suffrage. I do
not see the power in the Constitution as it now
stands; 1 do not believe that Congress or any-
body in Congress thought, the power was given
when wo adopted the anti-slavery amendment;
I do not believe the States thought, so when
they adopted it. 1 do not find the power there.
I abandon, then, all hope of accomplishing the
object by legislation of Congress, at any rate
for the present.
Sir, we have various propositions for the
amendment of the Constitution. A proposi-
tion is made by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
HnjfDERSONJ that in suffrage there shall be no
distinction on account of color. I am wedded
to that idea as a principle, and I would vote for
that amendment and send it to the people if I
believed the people would adopt it. I cannot
think, however, there is any hope for its adop-
tion after the indications of the last six months-r-
after what has been done by enlightened Chris-
tian States. These States summoned the black
man to fight the battles of the endangered
country, put the musket in his hands, gazed
with beaming eye upon his glittering steel, and
heard the inspiring music of his trjnnp as he
moved away to fight, bleed, die, that the nation
might live, and saw those men come back
maimed and wounded. These States know that
thousands of them are in their graves, forwithin
five miles of where we sit sixty-two hundred
black soldiers sleep in their graves. And yet,
after all the fidelity and heroic conduct of these
men, prejudice, party spirit, and conservatism,
and all that is base and mean on earth com-
bine to deny the right of suffrage to the brave
soldier of the Republic. God alone can forgive
such meanness; humanity cannot. After what
•has taken place, is taking place, I cannot hope
that the constitutional amendment proposed by
the Senator from Missouri will receive a major-
ity of three fourths of the votes of the States.
I therefore cannot risk the cause of an eman-
cipated race upon it. In the present condition
of the nation w.e must aim at practical results,
not to establish political theories, however beau-
tiful and alluring they may be.
In regard to that question I feel as I do in
regard to the question of legislation by Con-
gress. I do not believe the cause ought to be
risked upon that uncertain proposition. I care
too much for this question of enfranchisement
to risk it on any theory whatever. I choose to
meet it on the practical facts that are before me
to-day. I have to answer to God for my vote,
and 1 cannot justify myself on any man's theo-.
rics; but I must act on the facts as presented
to me in the exercise of the best judgment I
have on those facts.
Then there is a constitutional amendment
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin. [Mr.
Doolittijo] basing i-eprescntation upon voters.
I do not commit myseff against it, but let us
look at it for a moment and see what it really
is. Suppose it were adopted, it leaves the black
men in theSoutbjust where the pending amend-
ment leaves them. They are there at the mercy
of those States. .There are no differences be-
tween the two propositions in that respect. I
know no objection against the pending amend-
ment that does not apply with equal force to
this amendment so far as giving suffrage to the
black man is concerned.
But suppose, Mr. President, the rebel States
give the negro the right of suffrage, then they
would stand in power just where they stand
now. IIow is it with the loyal States? It
throws out of the basis at least two and a half
millions of unnaturalized foreign-born men and
women, and by this we lose at least fifteen
Representatives in the other House and fifteen
presidential electors ; and they do not go from
the East to the West, but from the North to
the South. Under that system Massachusetts
would lose one or two Representatives, not
because of her excess of women. The western
States would gain, perhaps, in the aggregate not
to excecd three or four Representatives from
Now England and the central States, by hav-
ing more males than females; but that is a
trifling matter. A great result of this proposi-
tion would be to east out of the calculation of
the basis of representation two and a half mil-
lions of persons who are now included. In
1860 there were in the loyal Slates 8,850,628
unnaturalized persons of foreign birth, and ire
the rebel States 233,051. I estimate that Mas-
sachusetts would lose one Representative cer-
tainly, and probably two, by this change ; that
New York would lose at least four, Pennsyl-
vania two, Ohio two; and other States would
lose in their representation.
It maybe best to make this sacrifice, to take
fifteen Representatives from the loyal States
and add them to the strength of the rebel
States; you may be able to go before the people
and prove that it is right; you may go to the
great Stale of New York and get her to agree
to a constitutional amendment basing repre-
sentation on the number of voters by which she
will be unable to count half a million of un-
naturalized foreigners for whom, she now has
four Representatives iu Congress; but I appre-
hend that it will lead to discussion, to division,
to opposition, if it ever passes; and if it is done
I apprehend it will be whispered in the ears of
the immigrants from the Old World that for the
sake of the negro we have counted them out of
the basis of representation.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire of
the Senator how he makes it out that under that
proposition New York would lose four Repre-
sentatives as compared with the rest of the
country.
Mr. WILSON. I will answer in this way: that
New York to-day has four Representatives in
the other House who are there by reason of her
