isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there, or be obligatory upon the inhabitants who re-
mained and submitted to tho conquerors."
* -g. £ $ *
"The subsequent evacuation by the enemy,and re-
sumption of authority by the United States, did not,
and eould not, ehange the character of the previous
transaction."
Did anybody suggest that before the authority
of the United States, after the British evacuated
Castine, could be reinstated it was necessary
for Congress to legislate? Did anybody sug-
gest that the suspension of the authority of the
United States during the period of the posses-
sion of Castine by the enemy operated to put
an end to the authority^ of the United States,
and so completely that it could not be reestab-
lished except by subsequent legislation? Un-
questionably not. The moment the place was
abandoned the authority of the United States
bccamc reinstated proprio vigore.
Now, to apply it to the case under considera-
tion, the effect of the occupation of Castine was,
according to the language of the court, to suspend
the Constitution and laws, and the authority of
both, within the limits of that possession. The
possession terminates, and the court say that
upon the termination of that military exclusive
possession the authority of the United States
is revived at once without any legislation. It
never occurred to the court or to anybody else,
and my friend will look in vain at tho statute-
book for the purpose of showing that there was
any legislation extending again the revenue
laws of the United States to the port of Cas-
tine. It revived just as animal life revives in
certain cases after temporary suspension.
Suspension, then, according to the doctrine of
the Supreme Court, is not what the honorable
member from Wisconsin supposes suspension
to be ; it is not death: it is temporary paralysis
of which the cure becomes absolute and effect-
ual by removing the causc of that temporary
paralysis, and that ended, the States stand as
they stood before the disease assailed them:
they stand perfect, with all the health of living
and vital and powerful States, and entitled to
the benefits of the Constitution and the laws, for
the same reason that the people of Castine and
that part of the territory of Maine which was
held for a time by the armies of England be-
came at once by the termination of that posses-
sion reinstated in all tho rights which belonged
to Castine and that part of Maine before its
possession by the enemy.
We hear of the right of conquest. What is
to be conquered ? Only what you have a right
to demand. And what have you in such a case
as this a right to demand? Submission to the
authority of the Government, and that you have
got. To maintain that, under the authority to
enforce by force of arms submission to the au-
thority of the Government you can destroy the
States, is to say that Government can accom-
plish that by arms which it has no right to raise
an arm to accomplish.
There are many other observations, Mr. Pres-
ident, with which I might trouble the Senate,
and may perhaps do so at some future day and
on some other question; but I have said as
much and more than I intended when I rose.
I conclude, therefore, with saying and with
hoping, as I think every patriotic man in the
country does hope, that our ancient harmony
.will be restored; that our ancient Union of
States, as they existed when the insurrection
commenced, will be reinstated; that we shall
forgive and try to forget the horrors through
which we have passed during the last five years;
that we shall come together as a band of
brothers, and present to the nations of the world
a Government in which there is an actual union
of obligation and of hearts sufficient to protect
us against foreign foes, powerful enough and
willing and resolved to guard against all perils
to its continuing existence arising from insur-
rection at home, and capable of making us one
of the freest and most prosperous and most
renowned nations upon the face of the earth.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, having occu-
pied so much of the time of the Senate yesterday
I should not feel authorized to claim a moment
of its time to-day, but for the fact that tho hon-
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 13.
orable Senator from Maryland has in many very
important particulars, as I think, entirely mis-
conceived the scope and force of the opinions
I expressed to the Senate yesterday.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Howe.) Youean
go on to-morrow;, let us adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senate desires to
adjourn I have no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 11, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday • was read and
approved.
pay of mail contractors.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Postmaster General, transmitting, in compli-
ance with the act of July 2, 1836, a report of
all fines and deductions from the pay of con-
tractors during the year ending June 30, 1805,
for failures to deliver the mails ; which was laid
on the tabic.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the
law passed at the last session, this communica-
tion will not be printed.
representatives fkom south carolina.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the credentials of James Farrow and
John D. Kennedy, claiming seats as Represent-
atives from the State of South Carolina.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
one of those documents be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
state or soutii Carolina,
By his Excellency James L. Orr, Governor and com-
mander in chief in andovor the Stato aforesaid, to
Jamcs Farrow:
Whereas-in pursuance of an ordinanco of the peo-
plo of this State, entitled "An ordinance to divide the
State into four congressional districts," ratified the
27th day of September, A. D. 18(35, and also in pursu-
ance of joint resolutions of the General Assembly of
this State providing for the election of four members
of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the
United States for this State, passed the 31st day of
October, A. D. 1865, an election has been held for a
Representative in the Congress of the United States,
to represent the fourth congressional district in this
State, composed of the judicial districts of Anderson,
Pickens, Greenville, Laurens, Spartanburg, Union,
York, and Chester: and upon examination of the re-
turns which have been received, it appears that you,
the said James Fanow, have been duly elected by a
majority of votes to represent the same:
I do therefore, by virtue of the powers in me vested,
commission you, the said James Farrow, to represent
tho people of this State as a member of tho Ilouso of
Representatives in the Congress of tho United States
of America, for two years irom the 4th day of March,
A. D. 1865.
Given under my hand, and the seal of the State, in
the city of Columbia, this 1st day of Decam-
r _ -i ber, in tho year of our Lord 1865, and in the
LL. s.j ninct,icth year of the independence of tho
United States of America.
JAMBS L. ORR.
By tho Governor:
William It. IIuntt, Secretary of State.
The SPEAKER. The credentials will be
referred, under the rule, to the joint committee
on reconstruction.
compensation for slaves enltsted.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in response to a resolu-
tion of the House requesting information rela-
tive to the appointment, if an}-, of a commis-
sion in each of the slave States represented in
Congress, to award compensation pursuant to
the twenty-fourth section of the act of February
24, 186-1, to loyal persons to whom colored vol-
unteers may have owed service.
Mr. STE VENS. I move that this communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs ; and on^that motion I demand the pre-
vious question. *
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Stevens was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the communication was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The communication, with
the accompanying papers, will be printed,
personal explanation.
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to a question of
privilege. I find, on looking over the Globe
of yesterday, that a very absurd sentence has,
through some inadvertence, been put in my
mouth as having been uttered during the collo-
quial debate that occurred between the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] and myself on
Tuesday last. I would not notice the matter
but for the fact that I am represented as assert-
ing a principle the very contrary of that for
which I was contending. In speaking of the
ordinances of secession I am made to say, "I
consider all those States that passed ordinances
of secession as dead to this Government.'' That,
of course, is not my position. It places me in
an attitude entirely opposite to that which I
assumed.
I had no opportunity to look over the report
of those remarks which were made by me in
the course of the speech of my friend from Ohio,
but I would have been very glad if he had stricken
out that sentence, as I have no doubt that he
would have done if he had observed it.
Mr. BINGHAM. .1 did not read that part of
the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
corrections of the Globe are not questions of
privilege, but are in the nature of personal ex-
planations, although tho Chair always hears
them, unless objection is made.
charlotte bence.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the reception of reports from com-
mittees.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the*Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, with an amend-
ment, the bill (II. R. No. "3) for the relief of
Charlotte Bence, widow of Philip H. Bence,
late captain of company F, thirtieth regiment
Iowa volunteer infantry.
The report accompanying the bill, which was
read, states that Captain Bence, while in the
military service of the United States, was oil
the 12th of October, 1864, killed by guerrillas
from Missouri, he being at that time at his
home in Davis county, iowa, oil leave of ab-
sence. The committee lecommend that the
bill be passed with the following amendment:
Strike out the words " from the 1st day of October,
18G1," and insert in lieu thereof the words " from and
after the passage Of this act."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
Clerk to read the letter of the Commissioner of
Pensions.
The Clerk read5 as follows :
Pension Office, December 13,1865.
Sir: I have the honor to report in regard to tho
case of Mrs. Charlotte Bence. In my judgment her
case was properly rejected, her husband havinffbeCn
killed while lie was at home on furlough, and conse-
quently not on duty as a soldier.. Under the circum-
stances of the ca^e, however, I think the case one that
should receive the favorable consideration of Con-
gress.
V cry truly yours,
JOSEPH H. BARRETT, Commissioner.
Hon. J. F. Wilson, M. C.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, T de-
sire to submit a remark in regard to the amend-
ment reported by the committee. I think that
does injustice to this claimant. If her husband
had been killed in battle of course the commence-
ment of her pension would have been prior to
tho date fixed by the proposed amendment. I
think it nothing more than justice to this widow
that her pension should begin at the time fixed
by the original bill. That is all I desire to say;
and I think that the case appeals to the House
as one of great hardship not to permit this
widow's pension to commence at the date fixed
by the amendment of the committee.
Mr. ING ERSOLL. Was that at the date of
her husband's death?
