1866;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413?
of the Secretary of the- Senate at the beginning
of every session to make a detailed report, the
items of which the Senator will find in the
statute I have just given him—the act of 1823,
and subsequently the act of 184*2.
Mr. THUMBULL. I have the statute, but
I wish to know as to the statement of fact.
Mr. HENDERSON. I called on the Sec-
retary of the Senate to know why no report
had been made since 18G-1; and he stated to
me- that it was almost impossible for him to
comply with the law. The report that was
made iu 1864 does not comply with that law by
any means. He said (hat the purchasing had
been usurped and taken out of his hands, and
that he was unable to make the report as re-
quired by the law. The Senator can read the
law to the Senate. I intended doing so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not sec any diffi-
culty in makingJthis report. The law of March
1, 1823, provides:
'*That the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the llouse ot Representatives bo, and they are
hereby, required to lay beforo the two Houses, re-
spectively, at the commencement of each session of
Congress, a table or statement showing the names
and compensation of the clerks employed in their
respective ollices, and the names and compcnsntion
of the messengers of the rcs-pccfcivo Houses, together
with the detailed statement of tho items of expendi-
ture of the contingent fund of the respective Houses
for the next immediately preceding year; in which
statement the di^bursemcntssball be arranged under
the following bend', to wit: firsr, printing; second,
stationery, and distinguishing under this head the
articles furnished tor use of the members from those
furnished for the offices of the Secretary and Clerk,
and specifying tho number of reams of each kind of
paper; third, book-binding; fourth,fuel; filth,news-
papers, specifying under this head the amount of
orders given nt the preceding session, as well as the
payments made; sixth, the post ollices; seventh, tho
repairs and preservation of tho furniture; eighth,
services ofme^en^erd and hordes; ninth, miscellane-
ous items not included under the preceding heads.
Which statements shall exhibit also the several suras
drawn by the said Secretary and Clerk, respectively,
from the Treasury, and tho balances, if any, remain-
ing in their hands."
The subsequent law of 1846 provided:
"That it shall be the duty of tho Secretary of tho
Senate, at tho commencement of every regular ses-
sion of Congress, to report to the Senate, and of tho
Clerk of the House ot Representatives to report to
the House, and of the head of each Department to
report to Congiess, a detailed statement of the man-
ner in which the contingent fund i'or each House,
and of their respective Departments, and for thebu-
reaus and offices therein, has been expended, giving
the names of every person to whom any portion there-
of has been paid; and if for anything furnished, the
quantity and piice; and iffor any services rendered,
the nature of such service, and tho time employed,
and the particular occasion or cause, in brief, that
rendered such services necessary."
There is more of the law ; I will not read it
all. That was the law. Under that law, 1
have- here the printed report of 1804, which
the Senator from Missouri says is the last one.
It. gives all these items. I cannot read it;
there are some eighty-three pages of it. I open
it on page 43. and I iiud on this page:
" E. L. Barker, service? as clerk to the Committee
on Manufactures, from April 14 tu May 30, inclusive,
twenty-seven days, at six dollai s per day, $162."
I find on the same page:
''Two reams extra heavy note and ruled, to order,
ten dollars. One ream letter, eight dollars/'
Again:
"One poekct-wallet for money messenger, three
doll.us.
"Atfendance ns a witness before joint, committee
on^the conduct of the war," &c. •' * * *
"Hack hire for Committee on Enrolled Bills, nine
dollars."
There are a variety of items which are ex-
tended, as I have said, through eighty pages.
Xow. sir, here is a report of everything pur-
chased and what it cost. Here are the hair-
brushes and the wisp-brooms. "Three wisp-
brooms, sixty cents." All these items are
heie, and I should like to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Contingent Expenses
if every one of these bills, before it is paid, is
not approved by the Committee on Contingent
Expenses; whether the purchases made by the
Sergeant-at-Arms are ever paid for by the dis-
bursing officer until the bills receive the appro val
of that committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does the Senator want
an answer now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that to be
the fact, that they are always approved.
Mr. HENDERSON. I can state that ac-
counts are brought, before us, as the Senator
from Town, says, perhaps a purchase by Mr.
Bassett, perhaps a purchase by Mr. Brown,
perhaps a repair of furniture by the carpenter,
and perhaps a purchase of furniture by some-
body else. We do not know anything about
them. We send for the officer, and he tells us
that it was needed; and we are bound either
to pay it or to- reject the claim upon our knowl-
edge of the matter, and it is a past transac-
tion. In fact, accounts have-come before us
since I have been on the committee—and I
have only been upon it for two months—of two
or throe years' standing, and it is utterly impos-
sible for me to go back now to ascertain whether
those accounts were just at that time or not.
It resolves itself into this, that I am a mere
recording clerk; 1 amount to nothing; and I
think if that system is to be pursued the Sen-
ate had better abolish tho Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses. My idea is to know some-
thing about every transaction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wanted to
know the fact whether the bills are approved
by the Committee on Contingent Expenses
before they are paid. Now, I understand they
are. This is the important matter to be had
in view 
Mr. SHERMAN. I served on that commit-
tee once, and T want the Senator from Missouri
to say whether or not purchases are not always
made before the accounts are submitted for
approval, and the contract completed and the
property delivered.
Mr. CRIMES. Certainly they are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand all ac-
counts pass through the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses; arid the important matter to
be observed is, that the same person shall not
disburse and purchase. If you want a check,
one person must buy and the other must pay
the money. It will never do to put into the
same hands the money to pay for the articles
and the purchase of them; because if y<Ju have
a dishonest officer—I hope we have no such
officers; I am only speaking by way of illustra-
tion—ho may give more than he ought to give
for the article, and may in some way keep part
of the money himself; but if he purchases the
article and another third party pays for it, it
requires collusion between them all; no money
can go to the purchasing agent.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is just what we
are aiming at now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand, so far as
the Sergeant-at- Arms is concerned, that ho does
not handle a dollar and never has handled a
dollar of the public money. I was somewhat
astonished, and I confess to a little feeling
when tho Senator from Iowa rose iu his place
a few moments ago and made this attack—I
undertake to say unwarranted attack—upon the
Sergeant-at-Arms. I have known that gentle-
man for a quarter of a century.
Mr. fiRIMES. What attack?
Mr. TRUMBULL. You assaulted liimhere
as not being in his place and not doing his duty.
Mr. GRIMES. I repeat that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say ho does do his
duty. I undertake to assert that, he does his
duty as faithfully as any officer I ever knew ;
and I undertake to say here to the Senator
from Iowa that tho assault was unjustified, un-
called for, and unwarranted by the fact. Sir,
who is your Sergeant-at-Arms ? I have known
him for a quarter of a century; and he is as
honest a man as any in this Chamber. He has
never handled a dollar of the public money.
Ho has no money to put in his own pocket.
The purchases he makes are not paid for by
him.
It is said that his duty is to be seated at the
right hand of the President of the Senate. I
deny it. It is no more his duty to bo there
than it would be the duty of a general of an
army, instead of being in a position where he
could take charge of the whole army, to march
with a gun upon his shoulder, or than it would
be tho duty of a contractor with one hundred
hands under him to take a shovel and go to
shoveling dirt. It is his business, as the execu-
tive officer of the Senate, to see that tlie men
employed under him do their duty. How many
men has he under him? The Senator from,
Iowa prdbably knows; I do not; perhaps forty;
and having charge of all your committee-rooms,
having charge of all those pages, having charge
of all these messengers, seeing that order is
preserved throughout the building, seeing that
all these persons discharge their duties, seeing
that the messages sent out by Senators are
attended to, and yet it is his duty to sit there t
Sir, it is his duty to be in and out of the Cham-
ber, to be about the building, to be wherever
duty calls him ; and the idea of his sitting there
would, as a necessity, take from him the abil-
ity to superintend what was going on.
Sir, 1 can sec through tho bill. What favor-
ite officer is it that tho Scnatorfrom Iowa wants
to make a purchasing agent, with a salary of
$3,500?
Mr. HENDERSON. Three thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it has been altered,
for tho printed bill before me gives him a salary
of $3,500.
Mr. GRIMES. Who is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
who it is, with a salary nearly double that of
the Scrge«mt-at-Arms, the officer here who has
discharged the duties of three or four men, who
has purchased all the articles for your commit-
tee-rooms, purchased tho articles that are fur-
nished this room, purchased the articles con-
nected with all this wing of the Capitol. He has
not paid for them ; but he has rendered the bills,
which have been certified to by the Committee
on Contingent. Expenses, and paid by the dis-
bursing otiicer.
Now, sir, why is such an assault made upon
him? Why is he singled out here as not being
in his place? Will the Senator from Iowa tell
me why he is singled out here? Docs not the
Senator from Iowa see the Sergeant-at-Arms
as often as ho sees other officers of tho Senate?
Why is ho held up before the country as neg-
lecting his duties ? Sir, I deny it. I say he is
as faithful an officer as ever was Sergcant-at-
Arms in any legislative body.
In regard to his purchases, I will say this
much further of Mr. Brown: he is a gentleman
of taste; a gentleman who always purchases a
good article; and it is ceonomy to purchase a
good article. In furnishing chairs, carpets,
and whatever else he is required to furnish, lie
gets a good articlc. That, is characteristic of
him. It is in keeping with the building which
we occupy ; it is proper ; it is economy in the
long run. Sir, I cannot sit here, I confess,
and see the Senator from Iowa rise in his place
and single out the Sergeant-at-Arms as neg-
lecting his duty in this body when such duties
have been devolved upon him as he has had to
perform, charging him with usurping author-
ity, and admitting, before he sat down, that
under the direction of tho Vice President the
Sergeant-at-Arms had performed these duties.
I have not examined the law; but from what
the Senator says I understand it is very doubt-
ful as to whose duty it is to make these various
purchases; but one thing I know, that propri-
ety requires that the same person who makes
the disbursements should not make the pur-
chases.
Now, sir, I think there are some very excel-
lent features in the bill which the Senator from
Missouri has reported; but I think there are
some features in it that this Senate would never
agree to. Let me read a section of this bill
that the Senator from Missouri has introduced
and which he is indorsing, and see how we shall
get, along. This purchasing agent, who is to
have a salary almost twice as large as you ever
gave the Sergeant-at-xVrms, who has done all
j our purchasing and everything else—
Shall also contract for the carrying of mails,doc-
uments, or other printed matter, and for all other
carrying or transportation needed by the benate.
He is to let out a contract to bring up a mail
to your house; to let out a contract for taking
your documents to the post office. No articles
