1-866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221%
iion; but that objection is made worse now, by
on? of the amendments proposed by the House
of Representatives. By that amendment they
have the right—that is the limit, andjdiey will
undoubtedly exercise it—to charge $-3 -30 for
ten woriis, from Florida to Cuba—one hundred
miles of submarine telegraph. Gentlemen are
1?eli informed as to the cost of this submarine
telegraph; how much it will cost per mile. It
is'manufactured in the United States, and an
estimate of the cost can be readily obtained.
. It should be remembered that this line may
become the only mode of communicating with
Europe. It is probably the most feasible lino
that is now proposed ; and if the projected line
between Ireland and Newfoundland should fail
again this summer, this probably will be the
only interoceanic telegraph. We know, also,
that the French Government are now engaged
in pressiug their lines along the African coast,
and expect to connect the French possessions
in the West Indies by oceanic telegraphs, and
then this line would connect with those. In
view of the importance of this enterprise, it
seemed to me that it was not wise to grant this
sple and exclusive privilege, and especially to
put a limitation which is an invitation to charge
$3 50 for every message sentacross one hundred
nyles. As a matter of course the cost of the
message from the connect.inglinesto the south-
ern coast of Florida will be added to the cost
of the message from Florida across to Havana;
bfyij the cost of communication will be in the
hands' of a single conijwny without any rivalry
or competition. It seems to me this oijghtnot
to be granted. I therefore felt myself justified
in opposing this measure in all its various
stages, and I think now the best disposition
will be to send it to the committee that has
charge of this matter.
I will state that that committee is now pur-
suing its investigations. It is in correspond-
ence with all the existing companies with a
view to get the basis of the cost and expeuses
of communicating telegraphic information. 1
do not, however, wish to have this referred to
that committee, although I believe it would be
better to let it lie on the table until the com-
mittee report and the subject is disposed of.
I think that if the majority of the Senate are
still of opinion that this bill ought to pass, the
better way would be to have a committee of
conference and have, if possible, a reduction
of* the maximum rate.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know but that
the good time is coming, and very suddenly,
■when the Government will take possession of
all the telegraphs in this country ; yet 1 am a
little incredulous on that subject and do not
see exactly how it is to be dune. I suppose
we shall have the millennium prophesied some
time; but the question is whether we had
better suspend all enterprise on these big hopes.
It is this kind of enterprise that heralds the
millennium if ever it comes; precisely this.
Now, Mr. President, I was not mistaken, I
think, in my suggestion as to the opposition of
'my honorable friend from Ohio; and T cannot
understand exactly how it is that a bill has
been made obnoxious by an amendment which
is itself a limitation on the power of the com-
pany. "When this bill passed the Senate the
power^q charge was unlimited and unre-
strictca.' The House of Representatives have
limited the power of the company to charge
beyond a specific sum. Now, I do not under-
stand the force of the argument which renders
that obnoxious to the charge of being exorbi-
tant. It seems to me it is a limitation, to say
the least of it; and to that extent, as I said
when I was up before, it is against the interest
of the company.
I do not wish to protract debate, and do not
intend to do so, but I simply repeat that the
question when up before on its merits was dis-
cussed at large and the judgment of the Senate
was that the bill ought to pass. All that has
taken place in the other House, I submit, does
not change the attitude of the bill as it was
before the Senate on its passage. It has all
been in restraint of the interests and the rights
of the corporators. I submit, that having been
the judgment of the Seuate, whether the con-
currence in this action, as moved by the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, who has
charge of.this bill, is not reasonable.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Maine whether
this amendment coming from the House of
Representatives, fixing the price of messages at
$3 50, is in such form as to prevent Congress
reducing that price hereafter if they think it
necessary to do so.
Mr. MORRILL. It does not change the
character of the bill in that respect, except,
that it prevents them from charging beyond
that price, leaving the bill entirely within the
control of Congress.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question in my
mind is whether, if Congress assumes to specify
a given sum, Congress may not feel itself bound
by that, so as not to interfere; whether the
amendment ought not to be amended so as to
embrace in dircet terms a provision that Con-
gress retains the power at any time to reduce
this price if it is regarded as exorbitant.
Mr. MORRILL. Congress now retains in
its hands the power to alter, amend, or repeal
the act; and of course that necessarily includes
the power to change this provision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I know it was so argued,
and perhaps that is the true construe!ion ; and
yet it would do no harm whatever, and would
relieve it of all possible doubt, to insert the
words that Congress should have power at
any time to fix the rates if these should appear
to be exorbitant. 1 hope it will go to a com-
mittee of conference, and they can arrange it
between themselves.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the two amendments
together unices a division is asked for.
Mr. MOIMHLL. ] wish to say to the hon-
orable chairman who has chaige of this bill
that I have not the slightest objection that it
should go to a committee of conference, as I
understood him to suggest.
Mr. CHANDLER. That was to avoid de-
bate. I am content to take the bill as it is, or
let it go to a committee of conference. The
amendments have had the approbation of the
Committee on Commerce. I think we had better
vote on the question now.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan that, in my judgment, it had better
go to a committee of conference. It may be
that this limit is right.; it may bo that it, is not
right. It may be tliat it, is too high. The Post-
master General has promised the committee
on this subject to furnish them with some in-
format'on in regard to the price of telegraph-
ing, and in regard to the investment of capital,
and the rates at which it may be done. 1 think,
peihaps, that if wo have a committee of con-
ference they can confer, and determine what,
is best to be done, for 1 have no idea but that
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
desires to have it at the proper rate, and they
can aet, perhaps, more intelligently in that
way than if we at once concur in the amend-
ments.
Air. CHANDLER. I withdraw my motion
to concur, and move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendments, and ask for a
committee of conference.
Mr. SPRAG UE. I have but one remark to
make on this question, and that is with refer-
ence to a suggestion which fell from the Sen-
ator from Maine as to the millennium. If the
millennium can be as easily reached as the estab-
lishment by the Government of the United
States of telegraphlinesbetweenitspost offices,
I confess that it will be very easily readied. It
seems to me as much the province of the Gov-
ernment of the United Slates to establish lines
of telegraph between its various post offices
throughout the country as it is to establish the
post offices themselves.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
now is that the Senate non-concur in the amend-
ments proposed to this bill by the House of
Kepresentatives, and ask a conference with
that House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How sball
the committee be appointed?
Several Senators. By the Chair.
By unanimous consent the President pro
tempore was authorized to appoint the com-
mittee ; and Messrs. Ciiaxdlbh, Morrill, and
Coxxess were appointed the committee on the
part of the Senate.
PETITIONS AMD MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
Joshua Jones, of St. Marv's county, Maryland,
claiming damages for properly of his, of which
forcible possession is alleged to have been
taken by the Freedmeivs Bureau : which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON presented additional
papers in relation to the claim of Washington
Croslandfor compensation for property belong-
ing to him situated in St. Louis, Missouri, which
was seized by order of General John C. Fremont,
and used for Government purposes ; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM. COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom wei e referred various
petitions playing for the construction of arail-
load from the south line of Kansas to the north
line of Texas, and also for a railroad across
the Indian Territory from the south line of
Kansas to Red river, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Colorado in relation to the location of the Pacific
railroad, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred thepetition of Mary .1 ohn-
son, praying for compensation for property
destroyed by the rebels under the command
of General Longstreet, near Suffolk, Virginia,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. KIRKYVOOD. from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (II.
It. No. 85) for the disposal of the public lauds
for homestead actual settlement, in the States
of Alabama. Mississippi, Louisiana. Arkansas,
and Florida, reported it with amendments.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a Dill (S. No. 290)
to incorporate iho National Life and Accident
Insurance Company of the District of Colum-
bia; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
USE OP IIAT.L.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration :
linolvd, That tiio use of the Senate Chamber be
gran It'll tn James B. Murdoch, Esq., oil Thursday
cvenins. May 3, for the wurposcof savins; a rending
for Ui e benetit of the fair to be held in this tity Un-
til t'. National Home for the orphans of soldiers and
sailors.
I will simply say that there is being held at
the present time a fair for the benefit r f the
orphans of soldiers and sailors. Mr. Murdoch,
who has devoted almost all his time during the
war to the cause of the soldiers, has offered to
give a reading for the benefit of their children.
If such a privilege is ever granted for any pur-
pose it ought certainly to be for this.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 am in favor of the object
of the resolution of the. Senator from Massa-
chusetts, but 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire if there be any objection to the
present consideration of the resolution.
Mr. RIDDLE. I object, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over.
