3178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
IN SENATE.
Fmdat, June 15,
Prayer by R?v. William T. Johusoit, of
Washington.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Jour-
nal of yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN. I present the memorial of
George A. Bohrer, Columbus White, R. M.
Combs, Donald McCathran, and six hundred
and fifty-six others, citizens of the sixth ward,
Washington, remonstrating,against the passage
of the bill depriving the city of Washington of
its charter. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I also present the remon-
strance of Thomas Thompson, John D. Bloor,
Frederick L. Harvey, and one hundred and
sixty others, citizens of the fourth ward of the
city of Washington, of the same import. I ask
that it bo referred also to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
It was so referred.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the remonstrance
of William Bennett, John W. Usher, John Si-
monds, John W. Tucker, and one hundred and
thirly-four others, citizens of the second ward
of Washington city, against depriving the city
of Washington of its charter. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer a remonstrance
from J. W. Kimms, D. 1<\ Cissell, C. B. Greer,
and one hundred and four others, citizens of the
third ward ol^the city of Washington, against
depriving the city of Washington of its charter.
1 :>sk to have it referred to the Committee tin
the District of Columbia.
It was so referred.
Mr. COXNISSS. T have a remonstrance of
the same kind, and it appears as though they
have been very equitably distributed this morn-
ing by the citizens of Washington, [laughter,]
against depriving that city of its charier, which
I present as requested ; and 1 move that it lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMIiliOY. I have a memorial simi-
lar to the one described by the Senator from
California, signed by Mr. Samuel Herman, and
a large number of other citizens, which I move
to lay on I lie table, as this subject is to be con-
sidered to-day, 1 suppose.
The inolion was agreed (o.
Mr. SPItAGUK. I have a remonstrance of
U. V. li. Boswell, II. K. Cray, J. K. Uaven-
ner, and two hundred and ninety-seven others,
citizens of the seventh ward of the city of
Washington, against depriving the city of
Washington of its charter. 1 move that'it lie
on th c table.
The motion was agreed to.
J\lr. SPRAGUK. I also present a remon-
strance. of Thomas Ilntchingson, Martin King,
W. 0. Wheatley, and eighty-four others, citi-
zens of the filih ward, against depriving the
cily of Washington of its charter. 1 move that
it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIAb'HlS. I present the remonstrance
of the mayor, the board of aldermen, and the
board of common council of the city of Wash-
ington. remonstrating against the same thing.
I move that, it Ho on the table.
The molion was agreed to.
Mr. 1ATES. I present the remonstrance
of John Chapman, 'Thomas A. Richards, and
one hundred and eighty other citizens of the
fifth ward, against depriving the city of Wash-
ington of its charter. I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I present a petition numer-
ously signed by the people of Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, praying that the act of retrocession of
that part of the old District of Columbia may
be repealed. I move that it be referred to the.
Committee on the Ju'dieiary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present a remonstrance
against depriving the city of Washington of its
charter, which I move to lay on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I present a remon-
strance from citizens of the fourth ward of
this city of like import. I move that it lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I presentthe remonstrance
of Joseph H. Bradley, T. J. D. Fuller, Edward
C. -Carrington, Walter S. Cox, Nathaniel Wil-
son, William II. Philip, W. Y. Kendall, J. C.
Kennedy, J. Carter Marbury, Walter D. Dav-
idge, William B. Webb, and the other members
of the bar of the city of Washington, against
depriving the city of ite charter. I move that
it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 3!)) to refer the claim of the ad-
ministrator of Richard W. Meade, deceased, to
the Court of Claims, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 6G) for the
relief of Joseph R. Morris, reported it with an
amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph R. Morris,
praying that the Commissioner of Patents may
be authorized to issue" to him a patent for a
new and useful improvement in furnaces, asked
to be discharged from its farther consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 302) for
the relief of the Mercantile Mutual Insurance
Company of New York, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of Henry Eagle, a commodore in the naval
service of the United States, praying to be re-
imbursed for moneys alleged to have been stolen
from him on the !2d of June, 18-18, while act-
ing purser of the United States bomb-vessel
Etna, at t'rontera, in Texas, reported adversely
thereon.
lie also, from the same committee, to wliom
was referred the memorial of Edmund P. Brown,
a notary public and United States commissioner
of Washington city, praying for the payment
of a balance alleged to be due him for services
rendered in taking depositions of witnesses in
the ease of the Great Falls Manufacturing
Company against the United States, reported
adversely thereon.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to
print five thousand add^ional copies of the
message of the President of the United States
communicating the report of the Board of Vis-
itors to the United States Naval Academy, re-
ported it, with an amendment to strike out "five
thousand1' and insert "one thousand."
The amendment was agreed to: and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
benaxe, 111 addition to the usual number of copies,
°ny thousand copies of the message of the President
ot the United States communicating the report of
the JJoard oi \ lsitors of the Niiviil Academy for the
year 18t o.
lUhl INTRODUCED,"
Mr. rRLMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 073) releasing to Francis S. Lyon the
interest of the United States in certain lands;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This matter has been
considered in committee already, and I move
that the bill go on the Calendar and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
COAST DEFENSES.
Mr. GPJMES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
transmit to the Senate copies of the preliminary re-
ports submitted to him by the mixed board of Army
and Navy officers on the subject of coast defenses.
MESSAGE 3?lt03I THE HOUSE.'
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPheeson", its Clerk, announced
that the House of'.Representatives had passed,
without amendment, a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 87) to provide for the payment of bounty
to certain Indian regiments.
The" message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. E. No. 674) to establish additional offices
for the assay of gold and silver, and for other
purposes, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolutions ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 350) to authorize the .Com-
missioner of Patents to pay those employed as
examiners and assistant examiners the salary
fixed by law for the duties performed by them ;
A joint resolution (II. li. No. 127) propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) making
an appropriation for tlie repair of the Potomac
bridge.
HOMESTEADS IN SOUTHERN LAND STATES.
Mr. KIRKWOOD submitted the following
report:
The committee of confcrencc on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the hill (II. It. No. 83) for
the disposal of the public lands for homestead actual
settlement in tlio States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida, having met, have,
after full and tree conference, agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to the respective Houses as fol-
lows!
1. That the Senate recede from the first amend-
ment of the Senate, striking out on page 1 all alter
the words ' Mxty-four" in line eight to the word
and" in line twelve, and that the words thus
restored bo amended by inserting on page 1, line
eight, after the word "that" the words "until the
expiration of two years from and alter the passage
oi this act/'
2. That the Senate recede from the second amend-
ment of the Senate.
3. Tha.t the Houso agree to the third amendment
of the Senate with an amendment, as follows: that
at the end of the second section of the bill, as the
same passed the Senate, shall bo added the following
proviso: ' Provided, That until thelst day of January,
1867, any person applying for the benefit of this act.
shall, in addition to the oath hereinbefore required,
also make oath that he has not borne arms against
the United States or given aid and comfort to its
enemies." S. J. KIRKWOOI),
HENRY WILSON,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on thepart of the Senate.
GEORGE W. JULIAN,
JOHN If. ltlt'E,
S. E. A NOON A,
Managers on the part of the House.
_ Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
bill read, in order to understand the report.
Mr. IvIRKWOOD. I can explain, in a very
few minutes, what the report of the committee
conference is. It will be remembered by
the Senator from Nevada that the bill, a.s it was
passed by the Houseof Representatives, lim-
ited the homestead in the States named to
eighty acres. When the bill was under con-
sideration in the Senate that provision was
c.ianged so as to extend the homestead to one
hundred and sixty acres. That was one of the
points of disagreement between the two Houses.
The committee of conference have agreed to
permit the restriction of eighty acres to remain
