-1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
and give their votes for the country that enfran-
chised them, and for the men who advocated
and maintained their rights and interests.
Sir, it is for that reason that I support this,
and for this reason besides, that if you put that
question to the people of Kansas, of Pennsyl-
vania, of Indiana, New York, or any of the
New England States, I should like to meet the
man and like to see any man in the Senate or
elsewhere go before that people and oppose it.
It would go like a prairie fire, sweeping every-
thing before it, for there is deep down in the
minds of the men who saved the country in
the field, and of the people generally, a feeling
that we at any rate are man for man equal to
the men in the rebel States, and will not per-
mit a settlement of this question making one
rebel in South Carolina, Mississippi, or Louis-
iana, the equal of two loyal soldiers in Indiana,
in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Kansas, or anywhere
else.
Sir, this original amendment would have no
prejudices to encounter in the loyal States. It
would have no prejudices against negro suf-
frage to encounter, no disputes about power.
It is plain upon its face, a clear declaration
that the Constitution shall stand as it is in re-
gard to the basis of representation ; but if the
States exclude any ctass of men on account of
i-ace or color, they shall pay the penalty of
diminishing their basis of representation and
their power; and it would carry the people as
no other question that has been propounded
from your chair, sir, for the last lour years
carried them; stronger than the anti-slavery
constitutional amendment itself. There is no
doubt about that. Pass the amendment to-
day and the Legislatures that are now in ses-
sion in the loyal States will adopt it. If we
had passed it three weeks ago, twenty States
would already have adopted it. Either of the
other amendments—the oue of the Senator
from Wisconsin to base representation on legal
voters, or tlie one of' [.lie Senator from Missouri
foi bidding any distinctions on account of color
or racc—would have to encounter in several
States debate, resistance, opposition. This
amendment would sweep over the loyal States
with the resistless force of a squadron of Sher-
idan's cavalry in the valleys of the Shenan-
doah.
Mr. NESMITII. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wished to take the
floor upon this question, but 1 was waiting for
a moment, to see if there was any other Senator
who desired to address the Senate.
Mr. NESMITII. I withdraw Ihe motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber from Maine yield me the iloor for a mo-
ment?
Mr. NESMITII. It is late in the day, and I
presume the Senator from Maine would prefer
to speak to-nioriow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot ask any in-
dulgence of tiie Senate for myself personally.
I am perfectly willing to go on, and close the
debate to-night. I am very desirous that this
question shall be taken.
Mr. SHERMAN, There will bo amend-
ments to be acted on before we reach the final
vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume so.
Mr. SHEIIMAN. Perhaps we had better
procecd to act on them now, and let the Sen-
ator postpone his remarks until the proposition
assumes a more definite form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am unwilling to let
the matter stop here for to-day, unless we have
a definite hour fixed for taking the vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to propose,
with the consent of the Senator from Maine,
that we should come to an understanding to
begin to vote to-morrow at three o'clock, so
that the Senator from Maine may address the
Senate to-morrow. It is nearly four o'clock
now.
Mr. STEW ART. Why not name a later hour
to-morrow, so as to give the Senator from Maine
a chance to get through?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there are other Sen-
ators who propose to speak we had better go
on further now. If, however, there is nobody
to speak on the main question but myself, I
shall not require all the time between one and
three o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. There are amendments
to be disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON. My suggestion was that we
begin to vote at three o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In fact I do not pro-
pose to make any very extended remarks on
the subject; but if Senators think it would be
more convenient to take the vote to-morrow at
three o'clock, and are willing to indulge me for
awhile in the morning, I shall then occupy a
short time. I think I shall not take up any-
thing like the time that will elapse between one
and three o'clock. But if it is understood and
assented to all around that the vote is to be
taken at that time, and that I retain the floor,
I shall not object to the postponement.
Mr. JOHNSON. I make the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to know first
whether 1 understand the Senators on the other
side, as well as on this, to agree that the vote
is to be taken to-morrow at three o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. That we begin to vote at
three o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That that is the end of
the debate?
Mr. J OIINSON. I think that that is agree-
able to Senators on this side.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is considered
an honorable understanding 011 the part of
Senators. I shall not object to postponement.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is "honorable" on this
side.
Mr. FESSENDEN- I presume it is, if on
any. I referred to both sides.
Mr. CLARK. * I am very desirous to leave
the city to-morrow, and I hope that wo shall
be able to get a vote before I go.
Mr. NESMITII. I renew my motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
HOUSE BILTj REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(II. li. No. I3!-J4) to fix the number of judges of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
to change certain judicial circuits, was read
twice by its title, anil referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Oflice, to whom was referred the
annual report of the Commissioner of Patents
for the year 1SG-5, reported the following reso-
lution ; which was, on his motion, referred to
the Committee 011 Printing :
Rcxolved, That tlicrc be printed for tho use of the
Sonato ten thousand enpip- of the iuinual report of
the Commissioner of the Patent Office for the year
1SG5.
TIU50D0H G. HISWAI.D.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 150. It will create 110 discussion, and
will not (jpcupy two minutes. I have been wait-
ing a good while for an opportunity to call it
up. The Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Nor-
ton] has the bill in charge, but it is very short,
and will explain itself.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 150) for the relief of Theodor G. Eis-
wald was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
and pay to Theodor (5. Eiswakl, of Provi-
dence, in the State of Rhode Island, two Uni-
ted States coupon bonds, known as the denom-
ination of seven-thirty bonds, of $1,000 each,
with coupons attached, in lieu of two seven-
thirty bonds of the United States, issued under
an act of Congress, partially destroyed by fire,
the charred remnants thereof being now de-
posited in the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and numbered respectively 104,152
and 104,153 ; but Eiswald is to execute a bond
in the penal sum of $5,000, to be approved by
the Solicitor of the Treasury, indemnifying the
United States against any loss, cost, or damage
on account of the issuing of the bonds.
Mr. NORTON. I move to amend the bill
by inserting before the proviso, in line fourteen,
the words "dated June 15, 1865, and issued
under the act of March 3,1865.'' After the case
was examined by the committee and the bill
reported the exact description of the bonds was
ascertained ; and for the sake of greater cer-
tainty in the description I move to insert these
words.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota, as this is an important question,
whether there is anything on file in the Treasury
Department showing theidentity ofthesebonds?
Mr. NORTON. There is. The charred re-
mains of the bonds are at the Department, and
sufficient is left to identify the numbers and
dates. I have here a letter from the Treasurer
giving the dates and numbers of bonds.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading; was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 8, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botnton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MISS CLARA BARTON.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from
the table Senate joint resolution No. 36, pro-
viding for expenses incurred in searching for
missing soldiers of the Army of the United
States, and for tho further prosecution of the
same. It appropriates money to Miss Clara
Barton, a lady who has been engaged in collect-
ing the names of missing soldiers, to enable her
to continue that noble work. It has already
passed the Senate, and I hope will pass this
House.
There was 110 objection ; and the joint reso-
lution was taken up, and read a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
The joint resolution provides that, whereas
Miss Clara Barton has, during the late war of
rebellion, expended from her own resources
large sums of money in endeavoring to discover
missing soldiers of tho armies of the United
States, and in communicating intelligence to
their relatives, the sum of $15,000 bo appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
Otherwise appropriated, to reimburse her for
the amount so expended by her, and to aid in
the further prosecution of the search for miss-
ing soldiers; and the printing necessary in the
furtherance of the said object shall hereafter
be done by the public printer.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and road a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TENNESSEE.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted a statement from a minority of the
committee on reconstruction in reference to the
