4138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
are to be delivered except on a written requi-
sition :
The articles to be delivered only on the written
requisition of the proi>er officer or person authorized
by law or the resolutions of the Senate to receive
them.
Why, sir, if you should happen to want a pen
or a sheet of paper, you must make a written
requisition before you can get either. This is
a very small business, in my judgment. The
purchasing agent is to hire your hacks; he is
to do all the business; and I believe a penalty
is inflicted upon anybody else for doing any
of it. You had better make your purchasing
agent the Sergeant-at-Arms at once and let
him do all the-duty. Suppose a committee is
ordered to go to the President to inquire whether
he has any communication to the Senate; you
must go and hunt up the purchasing agent and
let him make a contract for a hack. Where
would you find him? The Sergeant-at-Arms is
forbidden to do it. You had better dispense
with the Sergeant-at-Arms at once and call
him a purchasing agent and let him do it.
Now, sir, I am for all proper checks and bal-
ances. I hope this bill will be so arranged that
the same'person shall not be purchaser and dis-
bursing agent. Do not let the man who makes
the purchases handle any money, but let the
money come from some other party; and strike
out. of this bill all such provisions as this of
making a contract for carrying the mails to
Senators, and all such provisions as require a
written requisition from a Senator. Tt is very
likely that there have been abuses connected
with the stationery-room. I have not inquired
into it. Whether Senators have abused their
privileges or not, I will not undertake to say;
1 do not know; but let an account be kept of
every article that each Senator gets; let him
be charged with it; let the account be seen;
and if there is a disposition to draw improp-
erly, I would limit the amount as they have
done In the House of Representatives, so that'
no Senator should bo permitted to take from the
stationery-room more than a certain amount.
But, sir, I would not clog it with this sort, of a
provision requiring a written requisition for
every article that he got. I would not put in
a provision here that, this agent should con-
tract, for carrying the mail and for the hiring
of a hack to take a committee to the Presiden-
tial Mansion.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Sen-
ator, if he pleases, how the mail is now carried;
whether it is not done by contract, and whether
the law does not require it to be so done?
Mr. TIUJMBULL. I suppose it is done
under the direction of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. HENDERSON. How is it done?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose he is paid a
certain amount; I do not know how much;
but I know he has control of it. I know it is
sent around by messengers that are employed
by the Sergeant-at-Arms, by one of our officers
of whom we have control, and not a purchas-
ing agent who is not under our control at all,
a purchasing agent to be appointed by the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Iowa gets up here and
charges usurpation on one of the officers of
the Senate who cannot defend himself, and at
the same time modestly asks the Senate of the
United States to confirm his nomination of a
purchasing agent! When did the Contingent
Committee of the Senate become the execu-
tive of the Senate to nominate to us whom we
should confirm? This bill provides that the
Senate shall be permitted to elect a purchas-
ing agent, provided they elect one that, is nom-
inated by the Senator from Iowa; and he talks
about usurpation! Was there ever such a
thing as that, heard of before? T take it, the
Senate is capable of electing its own purchas-
ing agent, if it thinks best to have one. We
should listen with very great respect to the gen-
tlemen who have framed this bill, in making
that selection, I have no doubt; wo shall be
very glad to hear from them as to who is the
proper person ; but the idea of putting it into
a law that the Senate of the United States is
merely to confirm or not the nominations of
this committee is an anomaly in this body.
Sir, if I have been betrayed into making any
excited remarks or saying more than I intended,
it was because of an unjustifiable assault upon
a friend of twenty-tive years ; and I will not sit
still when an attack is made upon a faithful
public servant which, in my judgment, is un-
warranted and without excuse.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very well, Mr. Presi-
dent, that issues are not to be decided in the
Senate of the United States by the positiveness
of the man who addresses the body or by the vol-
ume of sound which proceeds from his lungs.
If it were so I would acknowledge at once that
the judgment should go against me in this case.
Sir, whom have 1 assaulted? When did I
assault the Sergeant-at-Arms of this body?
What did I say of him? Did I charge him
with dishonesty? Is the Senator from Illinois
correct in making such an issue or attempting
to make such an issue as that with me ? Have
I charged him with usurpation? I said this:
I said that during the sickness of Mr. Dickins,
as I understood, authority was given by the
President of the Senate, without having any
warrant of law to do it, however, conferring
upon the Sergeant-at-Arms the power to make
certain purchases, and that he has continued
to make purchases since, and drawn to him and
enlarged his jurisdiction. That is what I said.
I said nothing more than that. I did say that
his place was in that chair, at the right hand of
the President; and when I gave that utterance
I heard responses from all the Senators to the
rearof me, the men who have been the longest
in this body, both the Senators from Massa-
chusetts, and others, and it has been a univer-
sal remark among the older members of this
body, that the Sergeant-at-Arms was not per-
forming his full duty in this regard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not hoard it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator has not heard
it, perhaps. The Senator was not the man
whom they would approach. The Sergeant-
at-Arms was brought here as the friend and
henchman of the Senator from Illinois, from
that State, and Senators did not choose to go
to him and lay their charges against the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, or make any complaints against
him to the Senator. But 1 have heard it. I
have heard it on the floor of the Senate, since
this discussion began, from both the Senators
from Massachusetts. I say, sir, I have made
no charges against the Sergeant-at-Arms. I
said he was my personal and political friend,
but I chose to speak frankly on this subject,
and to say that I did not think he was perform-
ing his full duty to the Senate. Ho is the ex-
ecutive arm of this body. He is the chief of
our police. His business is here, not down
on Pennsylvania avenue or in Wall street
making purchases for this body. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms never attempted to fulfill such
duties until within the last few years. The
Senator makes a great deal of sport of the
bill that has been introduced. My colleagues
on the committee will bear me witness that I
was opposed to that provision that conferred
on the Committee on Contingent Expenses the
power to select this officer. They insisted
that that power should be conferred upon the
Committee on Contingent Expenses, and over-
ruled me, and I consented to the proposition.
But the Senator says that this Contingent
Expenses Committee have authority to make
bargains by which the mails are to be deliv-
ered. Who delivers the mails now? Mr.
Brown, the Sergeant-at-Arms; and ho v much
does he get for it? Does the Senator suppose
that it would be impossible for the Committee
on Contingent Expenses to make arrangements
with somebody to deliver the mails to Sena-
tors at a less price than Mr. Brown gets for
the hire of his horses?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say a word
about the Committee on Contingent Expenses
making a contract; I spoke of the agent mak-
ing the contract.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well; the agent mak-
ing the contract. Could not the agent selected
by the Committee on Contingent Expenses
make the contract just as readily as Mr. Brown,
and upon just as favorable terms? Does the
Senator from Illinois know that we have paid
to Mr. Brown upward of six thousand dollars
per annum for the use of horses, by which our
mails are delivered—I have the bills upon
my table—and that we pay a portion of the
expense of keeping the horses besides ?
I beg the Senator from Illinois to remember
that this committee have given some slight
attention to this subject. They have not any
pique against Mr. Brown. They have desired
to reconcile the difficulties that are existing
between our various servants on this subject,
and they thought that the safest and best way
was to select a new man and confer upon him
the authority to make these purchases. I
should not have alluded to Mr. Brown if it had
not been forthe effort that I knew the Senator
from Illinois was making through his friends
here to confer upon him the exclusive power
to make all the purchases for the Senate, arid
I did not think that that power should be united
with the duties which he is called upon and
should properly perform for the Senate. I say
that wc should have a man perfectly independ-
ent of the executive officer of this body; that
a new man should be selected.
The Senator says that the Senator from Iowa
wants to select some friend. I wish he would
name him. I wish the Senator from Iowa had
some friend^o designate for the place, if such
a place is to be created. I can tell the Sena-
tor that the name of no friend of mine ever
entered into my mind. I am prepared, if this
duty is conferred upon me as one of the mem-
bers of the Contingent Expense Committee, to
act perfectly independently, and to accept the
man selected and nominated to me by the Sena-
tor from Illinois if he will present a man whom
I believe to be worthy and capable of dischar-
ging the duties. There is no man from my State
in this city or about it that 1 would consent to
appoint to that place who I believe would de-
sire to take it, or who would be likely to come;
nor is there any man here who has been men-
tioned to me that I have the slightest desire to
fill any such place.
Mr. President, I certainly—and I think I need
not say it here—have had no feeling in this
matter. I have had no desire to attack Mr.
Brown. I have told Mr. Brown himself ex-
actly what I thought about his occupying his
place here. I have told him that it was not
his business to be running over this city, or to
be sitting up in the Sergeant-at-Arms's room.
I told him that there were complaints against
him because of his not occupying his seat in
the Senate; that his predecessor was invaria-
bly to be found, in it; and the Senator from
Illinois knows it. I have been told by men
who have been here for thirty and forty years
about the Senate that that seat was no more
frequently vacant than was the seat of the
Presiding Officer of this body. I did desire
that we should return to the old tradition on
this subject; that the Sergeant-at-Arms should
perform the duties that he was originally selected
to perform; and I told Mr. Brown so. I have
only repeated here in the presence of the Sen-
ate what I told to him privately in the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses.
I have no purpose to accomplish in connec-
tion with this subject. It has been an exceed-
ingly disagreeable position for me to occupy
on this Committee on Contingent Expenses.
I think that my colleagues have found it about
equally disagreeable, and I think my prede-
cessor, the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] found it about as disagreeable as we find
it. _ There has been and is now a constant
collision on this subject of purchases. We
wanted to get rid of it. We did not know any
better way to settle it than to appoint an agent
to make these purchases. The committee dis-
agreed—and I think I am permitted to say that—
as to the manner in which this agent should be
selected. I was overruled on that subject,' I
am prepared to act with the committee in their
suggestion if the Senate see fit to adopt it.
