2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
NEW YORK AND MONTANA IRON COMPANY.
Mr. WADE. I move now ro take up Sen-
ate bill No. 203, the unfinished business of the
morning hour of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 208) to enable
the New York and Montana Iron Mining and
Manufacturing Company to purchase a certain
amount of the public lands not now in market;
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Pomeroy to the first section of the
amendment reported as a substitute for the
bill by the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to withdraw the
amendment that I moved yesterday, which was
to add the proviso at the end of the original
bill to tlio first section of the substitute re-
ported by the committee, and to offer another
proposition which will better secure the object
1 have in view. No action having been taken
upon it, I suppose it is competent for me to
withdraw it, which 1 now do. and in lieu of it
I propose to insert in the tenth line of the first
section of the substitute, after I ho word " pur-
poses'' the words "or in any other preemp-
tion or homestead settlementmy object being
simply to make secure any settlement that may
have been made against the location to be
made by this company.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will allow me,
I will slate that the Senator from California
[Mr. Confess] has shown me an amendment
that he has prepared which I believe covers
the whole ground, and to which I have no
objection.
'Mr. POMEUOY. Very well; I will with-
draw my amendment and listen to the amend-
ment of the Senator from California.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Kansas wilhdraws his amendment to
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I have prepared a few
amendments to this bill with a view of perfect,-
in,"- it or making it unobjectionable, and at the,
panic time, of course, carrying out the purposes
that its friends have in view. In the thirteenth
line of the (irst seel ion of the amendment of
the Committee on Public Lauds, I propose to
insert after the word ''be" the words "made
under regulations from and," and in the four-
teenth line, to strike out the words "Secretary
of the Interior" and insert, " Commissioner of
the General Land Office;" so that the clause
will read:
Three of which sections may be selected of lands
containing iion ere axul eoal, an<i tile remaining sec-
tions of timber lands near the said select ions contain-
ing ore and coal, which selections shall iunnado under
regulations troni, and subject to the approval of, the
OommisMoner of the General Land Ollioe.
That is the only amendment f propose to
that section. The amendment reconciles it to
the practice of the Land Office.
Mr. WADEt 1 do not think there is any
objection to that amendment; but the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. llnxniucKs] has had great
experience 011 this subject, and 1 should rely
more on It is judgment than on my own, in
regard to this amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My only objection is to
the latter part of the amendment, inserting
"Commissioner of the General Land Office"
instead of the " Secretary of the Interior." It
has been the custom to submit the question
of important selections of the public lands to
the Secretary of the Interior. Railroad lands,
swamp lands, and other selections are submit-
ted to his judgment as the head of the Depart-
ment. Of course, before they go to him they
pass the supervision of the General Land Office,
and the bill as it now stands secures the exam-
ination both of the Commissioner and of the
Secretaiv. I do not see any propriety in cut-
ting off the Secretary's revision of the judgment
of the Commissioner, as is customary on all
such questions. I do not object to the first
part of the amendment, and therefore shall ask
for a separate vote on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be taken 011 each amendment pro-
posed separately. T1 8 question now is on the
amendment of the Senator from Calfornia,_ to
insert in the thirteenth line of the first section
of the amendment reported by the committee,
after the word "be," the words " made under
regulations from and."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from California, to strike out in the fourteenth
line of the amendment of the committee the
words "Secretary of the Interior," and to
insert "Commissioner of the General Land
Office."
Mr. GONNESS. If there be any objection
to that amendment I have 110 objection to its
withdrawal.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose to insert at the
end of the second section of the amendment
of the committee the words "for the period of
thirty days; " so that it will read:
Sec. 2. Andbe it further cnacted, That the said com-
pany may acquire immediate possession thereof on
the selection of the said lands by permanently mark-
ing their boundaries and publishing a description
thereof in any two newspapers of general circulation
in the said Territory for the period of thirty days.
Mr. WADE. There is no objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was-
agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now propose to amend
the fourth section of the amendment of the
committee liy striking out all after the word
"coal," at the end of the second line, in the
following words:
Or to any lands held by right of possession, or by
any other title, except, 1 ndian title, valid at thetimo
of the selection of the said lands.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Nor to any lands lying within any grant for rail-
road purposes heictotbro made, nor to any lands held
by possession for mining or agricultural purposes,
nor, should minesof the prceious metalsbonereafter
discovered upon said lands, shall anyeilizenof the
United States be prevented tiom entcnng thereon
and mining for the same, nor from us'ms, free of
charge, so much limber as shall be necessaiy forsuch
mining purposes.
So that the section will read;
S1. And be it further cnnctcd, That the said pat-
ents shall convey no title to any mineral lands ex-
cept iron and coal, nor to any lands lying within any
grant for railroad purposes heretofore made, &c.
Mr. WADE. On reflection I am disposed
to think that that is an unnecessary precaution.
It will certainly throw a cloud over the title
that this company will acquire by purchase
from the Government. Of course they will
have no right to any gold that may bo discov-
ered on the land by anybody, for under this
bill they have no right to take gold and silver
or anything lout iron and coal. But if persons
are to bo permitted to go searching upon that
laud and they should find gold somewhere
upon it, and are then to be permitted to cut
the timber belonging to this company, it would
render the whole grant very uncertain. I think
when we expressly reserve in the bill all mines
except those of iron and coal, sufficient cau-
tion has been had. I think it is anticipating
what will not probably take place, and it will
throw, as I said before, a cloud over the title
that this company will acquire; because, after
they have purchased and taken possession of
the land, it will reserve not only the mines
upon that land, hut will reserve the privilege
to strangers of going on there and using the
timber on the land of this company to work
the mines that may be discovered. I think
there is no necessity for that.
And here I desire to say that this hill has
been submitted to the most critical and search-
ing examination of the Committee on Public
Lands, and especially of the gentleman on that
committee most competent to make this exam-
nation, who himself, perhaps, is as much a
master of this whole subject as any gentleman
in the Union. I think we have submitted to
about amendments enough. 1 am afraid this
amendment will involve the title, or cloud it so
that it may, perhaps, defeat the grant. I think
the hill is sufficiently clear without this amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the objection
of the honorable member from Ohio is to the
latter part of the amendment, not to the first
part.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me to explain the amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. The question involved here
is whether you will grant twenty miles of land
in a mining region which may contain the most
valuable mines of gold and silver, or whether
you will not. I know there is an exception
made in the bill of non-conveyance of lands
containing these precious metals; but it is im-
possible, as this company are authorized to go
into the forests, into a new country, to deter-
mine before they obtain the title to the lands,
whether valuable mines of the precious metals
are contained in these lands or not. They will
therefore get the title and the patent of the
United States to the lands before those discov-
eries can be made. Suppose that by the hill,
although the patents issue, such lands are re-
served as shall be found to contain valuable
mines; I apprehend that without a provision,
as a condition of the title, allowing persons to
enter those lands, no person would have the
right to go on them, and the mines would be
practically reserved to and subject to the will
of the company to whom we give title to the
land.
The next point is as to the use of sueh tim-
bcr as shall bo necessary to work those mines.
In the first place, you will remember that all
the timber on those twenty miles of land goes
with the land to these parties. It is said they
want the timber in order to work the iron. So
they do; but they are not prevented by my
amendment from having all the timber that
they will require. But if the lands be valuable
for the purpose for which we are about to make
this grant, as to give this company the right to
make this selection and purchase, certainly the
lauds are also valuable if they shall be found
to contain valuable mines of the precious met-
als to the public; but they will he valueless
unless they are permitted to be worked, and
they cannot be worked without timber.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order.
Mr, CONNESS. Let it lie over informally.
Mr. WADE. I hope that the spccial order
will be passed over informally, so that we may
be permitted to take a vote on this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall only occupy a few
moments in explaining this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent, the special order may be laid
aside if there be no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let it be laid aside
informally, so that it shall bo the business in
order as soon as this bill is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No ob-.
jection being made, that will be considered
as the understanding of the Senate. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. If you shall subject all
the timber upon this twenty miles of land to
the will of the parties to whom you now con-
vey the land, you practically subject the val-
uable mines that may be discovered there also
to their use; for they may put such a price
upon the timber as will make it utterly im-
practicable for anybody but themselves to
work the mines, and it may be totally imprac-
ticable to obtain timber from the contiguous
territory ; for twenty miles of timber may
embrace all that there may be within a very
large district; and thus we come back to the
original proposition. If the purpose is to
make the grant complete, then 1 have nothing
to say, because the Senate will understand
when they vote that they vote upon that prop-
osition. If the purpose is really to reserve the
mines, remembering at the same time that, the
owners of this land and this iron-working com-
pany will have a right to become miners them-
