1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
consent of the House to offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury Tie
directed to report tor the consideration of this House
the aggregate amount of money appropriated and ex-
pended upon the establishment of the navy-yard at
Philadelphia, from its foundation to thepresenttime,
including, under their respective heads, the cost of
site and additions thereto, the expense of shops,
docks, buildings, machinery, and walls, dredging and
piling, and all the items which ijertain to its estab-
lishment as distinguished from its current and civil
expenses.
The SPEAKER. This being a resolution
calling for executive information, it requires
unanimous consent for its consideration to-day.
Mr. THAYER. I will not object if thegentle-
man will accent an amendment to include in the
inquiry also the present estimated value of the
property.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I do not know that the
Secretary of the Treasury has any information
on that subject.
Mr. THAYER. I suppose he can give it.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Allow me to state in
explanation that there is a proposition before
the Committee on Naval Affairs to inquire into
the expediency of selling the present site of the
navy-yard at Philadelphia for the purpose of
establishing a new yard at League Island.
This resolution merely directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to report, for the information
of the House and of that committee, the whole
expenditure of the Government upon the pres-
ent yard at Philadelphia. It is merely a res-
olution of inquiry for the information of the
committee.
Mr. THA YER. I do not suppose the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Braxdeuee] will
have any objection to the modification i ..have
suggested. Otherwise 1 must object to the in-
troduction of this resolution at this time.
Mr. STROUSE. I desire to move an amend-
ment to this resolution, so as to call for infor-
mation as to the number and character of the
ships built there.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. It seems to me that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strouse]
who last spoke evidently misapprehends the
scope of the resolution I have offered. It calls
upon the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish
information that is upon the files of his Depart-
ment. I do not understand that the Secretary
of the Treasury has information concerning the
character and value of the vessels constructed
at the Philadelphia navy-yard. I will not ob-
ject to the amendment suggested by the other
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer.]
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
clerk to committee on the militia.
Mr. SMITH. I was just entering the Hall as
the Committee on the Militia was called. 1 ask
consent to submit the folio wing resolution, which
I have been instructed by the committee to sub-
mit to this House.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be al-
lowed a clerk, who shall receive the usual salary.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like the gentleman to explain what particular
necessity there is for this clerk.
Mr. SMITH. The Committee on the Militia,
considering the amount of work already before
them, and that which will probably be added
hereafter, have deemed it necessary to ask for
a clerk. The Secretary of War has recommended
that the militia throughout the United States
shall be reorganized; and upon that recommen-
dation, and also after a consultation which I
have had with General Grant upon that subject,
we have concluded that there will be an amount
of labor that no one or two members of the
committee can be expected to do; and we have
thought it but fair and right that the House
should give us the assistance of a clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask, what would be the labor to be done by such
a clerk? -
Mr. STEVENS. I have not been able to
hear the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Smith,] and to understand what necessity
there is for a clerk, beyond the ordinary re-
cording in a journal the proceedings of the
committee.
Mr. SMITH. 1 will state again the neces-
sity there is, in the opinion of the Committee
on the Militia, for a clerk. I know that here-
tofore the Committee on the Militia has been
looked upon by this House as a committee with
but little to do. But in consequence of the
past four years' war, the difficulty experienced
in 1801 in getting out forces to defend the Gov-
ernment, and in ascertaining what was the real
fighting strength of the country, the Secretary
of War has recommended a complete and thor-
ough reorganization of the militia throughout
the United States, in order that there should
be a uniform militia system among the several
States. General Grant, the commander-in-
chief of the Army, has recommended the same
thing. In conversation witljmethe other day,
he informed me that it was very important that
should be done, and he has interested himself
as far as he can to give us whatever informa-
tion was possessed by him and-other distin-
guished generals under his command.
There has also been referred to the commit-
tee a resolution instructing us to find out the
number of a certain kind of arms in the coun-
try, for the purpose of making a fair distribu-
tion of them among the loyal States, not includ-
ing those States in the South that now claim to
be loyal. The committee propose to collect all
the militia laws of the several States, in order
that we may have the information necessary to
prepare a system which will be general, and
by moans of which the President of the United
States and the generals under him may know
exactly what is the force subject to the call of
the Government at any time, for any given
length of time not exceeding six or twelve
months, as the case may be.
Wow, having these important subjects be-
fore us, and understanding, as wo think we do,
their great importance, we consider that no one
committee can be expectcd to be willing to en-
ter upon this investigation and correspondence
without any assistance; and therefore 1 am in-
structed to ask for a clerk, that he may take a
portion of this labor off' our hands. I think it
but fair and just, under the circumstances. that
the House should give us this assistance.
Mr. BANKS. We have been trying for more
than a quarter of a century to organize the mi-
litia of the country. It is ono of the most im-
portant interests in this country. When the war
of the rebellion broke out, almost every State
was unprepared, because there had been no at-
tention given to a proper organization of the
militia. For the last twenty-live years nearly
every bill or proposition of a law that has been
proposed in Congress for a reorganization of the
militia of the country has been defeated. Now,
if the Committee on the Militia shall undertake
the work of reorganizing that ann of the Gov-
ernment power as it ought to be reorganized, it
will render ono of the most important services
to the country which can be rendered by that
or any committee, and it will have one of the
greatest labors imposed upon any committee of
the House, and I think it ought to be allowed
the services of a clerk if it undertakes that duty.
The question was upon agreeing to the res-
olution; and there were — ayes seventy, noes
not counted.
So the resolution was agreed to.
ekrolled bill fionei).
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported thai they bad examined aad
found duly enrolled a joint resolution of the
following title:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 7) for increasing
the bond of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing; when the Speaker signed the same.
army appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending 80th of June, 1867; which was read a
first and second time, referred, to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and made the special order for January 18,
after the morning hour, and from day to day
until disposed of, and ordered to be printed:
JOHN BECKER.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of John Becker for payment for damages
by United States troops to private property in
Wisconsin; which was laia on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
IIANDOLPII BENNET.
Mr. DELANO, also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely upon the memorial
of Randolph Bonnet, contractor for furnishing
rations to the troops raised by the provost mar-
shalof the twelfth district of New York; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
FRANCIS A. GIBBONS AND F. X. KELLEY.
Mr. BARKER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a joint resolution, with a
report in writing, referring to the Court of
Claims the papers of Francis A. Gibbons and
F. X. Kelley, praying for reimbursement for
money advanced and material furnished in the
construction of light-houses in California and
Oregon.
The joint .resolution was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar, and the re-
port ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE CLEKK.
Mr. ITIGBY, from the Committee on Mines
and Mining, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing- be authorized,to employ a clerk, and that he re-
ceivo the compensation already fixed by the House
for clcrks of committees.
Mr. HIGBY demanded the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. IIicisyj will consent to withdraw
the call for the previous question. T desire to
offer an amendment that each committee of the
House, not now having a clerk, be authorized
to employ a clerk at the usual pay.
Mr. lilt!BY. I insist on the call of the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PIKE. Then I hope that the House
will refuse to sustain the call.
Mr. HIGBY. Understandingthatthegentlc-
man from Maine proposes to submit an amend-
ment in good faith, and not to break down the
proposition which I have submitted, I withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out all after the word resolved,"
and inserting in lieu thereof these words:
That each committee not now having a clerk be
authorized to employ a clerk at the usual compensa-
tion.
I make this proposilion in good faith. It is
exceedingly convenient to members of any com-
mittee to have a clerk. We all understand the
duties of a clerk, and how useful a clerk is to
a cofiimittcc. It may be said, I know, that only
important committees should have clerks. 3Jnt
I submit that the committeesareall important.
Of course, the rules would not provide for a
committee unless there were important business
for such a committee. If there be any com-
mittees that have not important business to pre-
pare and present to this House, let those com-
mittees be abolished.
Mr. CONKLING. T suggest to the gentleman
to modify his amendment so as to give a clerk,
not only to every committee, but to every mem-
ber of a committee. That will be very much
more convenient.
Mr. PIKE. I presume that the gentleman,
as a member of a committee, has now a clerk
at his convenience. Other gentlemen may
not bo so favorably situated. I speak now for
the general convenience of the House. More
than one half, I suppose, of the standing commit-
tees of the House now have clerks. I under-
stand that in the Senate all the commilteeshave
clerks, irrespective of the amount of business.
It would be invidious for me, Mr. Speaker,
to attempt to designate the committees of this
House that could dispense with clerks, did they
