1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3.259
State of Tennessee; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
bridge over tiie mississippi river.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill declaring a
certain bridge over the Mississippi river a
postal route of the United States.
Mr. HARDIN G, of Illinois. I ask that the
bill be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. MOOEHEAD. I object.
EIGHT OF WAY.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced an act granting the right of way to ditch
and canal owners in the State of California
over the public lands ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
additional clerk.
Mr. ROLLINS. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee of Ac-
counts a resolution that the Sergoaut-at-Arins
be allowed to employ an additional clerk in his
office during the present session of Congress
at a salary of S12o per mouth.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT; by unanimous conscnt, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate all orders issued from time to time by
the assistant commissioners of the Bureau of Kreed-
mcn in their districts, and of the Commissioner of the
bureau, and such other papers and information as to
the condition of freedmen not herclotoie communi-
cated as may be in the possession of the bureau.
state intercommunication.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back House bill No.
11 to facilitate commercial, postal, and military
communication among the several States, with
an amendment, and demanded the previous
question.
The Clerk read the bill. It provides that
every railroad operated by steam shall be au-
thorized to carry passengers, troops. Govern-
ment supplies, mails, and freight, on their way
from any State to another State, and to receive
compensation therefor.
The amendment reported is as follows:
Provided, That this act shall not affect any stipu-
lation between the Government of the United States
and any railroad company for transportation or lares
without compensation, nor imiian ot ciiangc the con-
ditions imposed by the terms of any act ?ranti uplands
to any such company to aid ill the construction of its
road.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then engrossed for a third read-
ing ; and being engrossed, it was read the third
time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on its passage.
Air. HARDING, of Illinois. I desire to say
that by the provisions of this bill unlimited
permission seems to be given to the railroad
companies to charge whatever rate they please
for all future time. They acquire a national
character and national authority, and are not
subject to any limitation or control by law.
Now, I object to this provision, although I am-
anxious to vote for the bill. I wish the power
to be reserved by which Congress may limit or
abridge that authority if it should be exercised
to the extent of extortion upon the public.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. This bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary for
the purpose of having an amendment prepared
to prevent it from operating so as to release
the land-grant railroads from the conditions
imposed upon them to transport troops and
property of the Government free of toll or
charge. The committee have not deemed it
necessary or proper, under the circumstances,
to go into an examination of the general piin-
ciples involved in the bill. The judgment, of
the House was had on that before the reference
to the committee.
This is the bill, it will be recollected, which
passed the House and went to the Senate, and
upon a suggestion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachussets [Mr. Baldwin] was recalled from
the Senate in order that an amendment, such
as has now been reported and adopted by the
House, might be prepared by the committee.
We therefore considered but that one question,
taking for granted that the judgment of the
House was made up in regard to the general
principles involved in the bill. And I do not
think that the bill will have the effect suggested
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harding. ]
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] allow me to ask whether it is
certain that the bill will not repeal the provision
of the law in the State of New York, which
limits the amount of charges for passengers
upon railroads at two cents per mile? My own
State is about taking action for the purpose of
limiting charges for passengers and freight, and
[ think it is important that that question should
be considered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I tlo not think it
possible that that construction can be given to
the bill. They may charge and receive such
compensat ion, of course, as may be regulated by
law. if the States do regulate that compensation.
Mr. SLOAN. Has the chairman of the com-
mittee any objection to amending the bill so
as to place that beyond doubt?
Mr. WILSON, of fowa. I do not know but
the bill has passed the amendment stage. 1
certainly have no objection to such an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may at-
tain his object by moving to reconsider, oi
by obtaining unanimous consent to allow the
amendment to be made.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will ask unanimous
consent to allow the gentleman to offer his
amendment.
Mr. I5EIIGEN. 1 object.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I would like to make a
request of the gentleman from Iowa. Is there
any objection to allowing this hill to be printed
with the amendment as it stands?
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the House will take
that course.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 have no objection
to its going over until the next morning hour
if it will not lose its place, and in the mean lime
let it be printed.
The SPEAKER. The next morning hour
when it will come up again will bo next Tues-
day, unless it is interrupted by some other
question.
Mr. MORRILL. I object to any special
order.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. Will it come up again
then ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state
whether there will be any morning hour on
Tuesday next.
The motion to postpone until Tuesday next
in the morning hour, and also that the bill be
printed with the amendment, was adopted.
message from the senatk.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of ihe House:
An act (S. No. 0-1) to incorporate the Great
Falls lee Company of Washington, District of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 113) for the relief of A. T.
| Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard;
! An act (S. No. 125) granting aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the town of Folsom to the town of Placerville,
in the State of California; and
An act (S. No. 180) for the relief of A. J.
Gy.
.TintKME court of tiie united states.
Mr. W1LSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, bill of the
House No. 334, to fix the number of judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and to change certain judicial circuits.
'Ihe bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that hereafter the Supreme Court of the
United States shall consist of one chief jus-
tice and eight, associate justices.
The second section provides that the first,
second, and third circuits shall remain as now
constituted: that the districts of Maryland,
Delaware, Virginia, North Carolina, and South
Carolina shall constitute the fourth circuit;
that the districts of Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas shall con-
stitute the fifth circuit; that the districts of
West Virginia, Ohio, and Michigan shall con-
stitute the sixth circuit; the districts of In-
diana, Illinois, Kentucky, and Tennessee shall
constitute the seventh circuit; the districts of
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, Kan-
sas, and Arkansas shall constitute the eighth
circuit; and the districts of California, Oregon,
and Nevada shall constitute the ninth circuit.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill proposes
to make the number of the judges of the Su-
preme Court the same as it was prior to the
passage of the act of March 3, 180S. At that
time the Stales of California and Oregon me-
morialized Congress to establish a circuit court
of the United States for those two States. It
was found upon an examination of the question
thai those Stales were so distant from the other
States of the Union that it was impossible to
associate them with any of the States oil Ihe
Atlantic side and at the same lime secure to
them the benefit of a court presided over by a
judge of the Supreme Court of the United States,
that so much time would be occupied by the
judge in traveling to and from the different
portions of his circuit that it would practically
result in leaving those States just where they
were, without a circuit court in order to ob-
viate that difficulty, an additional judge was
placed upon the supreme bench of the United
Slates, constituting the court of ten judges.
It was urged at the time that the increase in
the number of judges would be rather detri-
mental to the business of that court than other-
wise, and I know that some of the members
of that court are conlinned in that opinion that
the court is too large.
We have now an opportunity to reduce it to
the old number of nine, and I am satisfied that
the business of the court and of the country
will be promoted and benefited by a still fur-
ther reduction. There is now a vacancy on the
supreme bench. The purpose of this bill is
to avail ourselves of that event so as to reduce
the number of judges and again constitute the
court of an odd number, and parcel the vacant
circuit out among the remaining circuits. That
is the solo object of this bill.
I should be in favor myself, from information
I have from some of the members of the court,
of still further reducing the number if another
vacancy now existed ; and I think that in the
judiciary amendment act it might be well to
provide for a further reduction if vacancies
should occur.
[ have stated the objcct and scope of the bill,
and unless some gentleman desires some further
explanation I will ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
collection of soldiers' claims.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, bill of the Senate
No. 88, to restrict the expenses of collecting
soldiers' claims against the Government.
