4140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
•we'have compared the various duties critically
and carefully, and if vou are going to adopt
atiy bill on the subject of increase, you might
as well adopt this.
Now, in regard to the purchasing agent; we
have drawn off the clerks and agents enough
to make up for the purchasing agent. I have
nothing to reflect against Mr. Brown, nothing
to reflect against Mr. Forney, nothing to. reflect
against anybody; but if the Senate want me
and the other members of this committee,
or any other member of this committee, that
may hereafter bo appointed to be of any ser-
vice to them in auditing claims, I beseech of
them to do something upon this subject. I
believe it is the duty of Mr. Forney now by
law to make the purchases; the committee
came to that conclusion, and we do not feel
like taking it away from him and turning it
over to Mr. Brown. I have no feeling against
one or in favor of the other. I believe con-
scientiously the Secretary has tho legal author-
ity to do it; upon an examination that is my
opinion, and 1 do not desire to take it away
from him and turn it over to Mr. Brown.
Senators ought to be aware that there is a
good deal of feeling about this matter. Mr.
Forney gives as an excuse for neglecting to
make Lis reports to us that he does not adver-
tise those proposals. Tho Senator from Illi-
nois I know can make a great deal of fun of a
reported bill; he can say that this is parsi-
monious ; but if ho knew something about the
contingent expenses of the Senate he would
feel a little parsimonious, I apprehend. Let
him take the last report made in 1804 and
glance over it. I do not wish to comment
upon it, and I do not intend to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON". What is the amount?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is lying here be-
fore me; I have not footed up the figures; it
would take me too many days to do it. I have
not had an opportunity to do it. The honora-
ble Senator from Illinois asks whether the
Committee on Contingent Expenses cannot
know what is going on. I want to say to the
honorable Senator from Illinois that I do not
know, I cannot know, and I will tell him why.
Tin; law which ho just now read requires that
in the purchase of stationery, for instance, the
Secretary of the Senate shall advertise, and he
shall purchase the stationery from the man
who makes the lowest bid. Is there any mem-
ber of the Contingent Expenses Committee
that ever saw a bid ? I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. SnuttM.vjr,] who used to
be upon that committee. Did tho Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Brown,] who served upon
it, ever see one of them? I never saw ono of
them. I never saw a bid for any article.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are there no bids?
Mr. HENDERSON. We pay for the adver-
tising, but I never saw the bids. I know noth-
ing about them. We pay three or four hundred
dollars for advertising every year, and I never
saw one of tho bids.
Mr. BROWN. 1 have seen bids.
Mr. HENDERSON. Where are they 5*
Mr. BROWN. 1 do not know where they
are now.
Mr. HENDERSON. They are not there
now. I have never seen one of them. The
coal is purchased by Mr. Brown, and I have
no doubt honestly purchased; I have never
seen anything to the contrary; and he purchases
the wood; but I never saw an advertisement
for bids for those articles. I have audited the
claims for advertising in the newspapers here,
but I never saw a bid. Whether the bid accepted
was the lowestor the highest bid, ldonotknow.
Now, I beseech the Senate, if they have any
use for a Contingent Expense Committee, to
modify the law so as to make it the duty of
these officers to report to us the amount of their
purchases and how they expend the money.
I know nothing about it, and no Senator in this
body does know now. If you want to give the
mailing of purchases to Mr. Brown, do so ; if
you want to give it to Mr, Forney, do so; all
I ask is that you shall adopt some provisions
of law which shall require them-to report to
the Contingent Expense Committee, so that we
shall know what is going on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is proper.
There is no objection to that.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator has no
objection to that, let us adopt the measure I
have offered. So far as the clerks are con-
cerned, it is carefully graded.
Mr. BROWN. Adopt it with that amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have already demon-
strated to the Senate that if you make a pur-
chasing agent you diminish instead of in-
creasing expenses. If Mt, Brown makes the
purchases, he must have a clerk; if another
man makes them, it only amounts to employ-
ing a clerk. Mr. Brown cannot make the pur-
chases and make to us the reports we require
without additional help, and every Senator
knows it.
Mr. HOWE. On the question of cost, as I
read the proposition submitted by the Senator
from Missouri, it provides for a purchasing
agent of the Senate with a salary of $3,000,
with a clerk at §1,800, a messenger at $1,200,
and a page at $750.
Mr. HENDERSON. Only three officers,
the purchasing agent, a clerk, and a messen-
ger; the rest is stricken off. We strike off the
stationery clerk. We have stricken off the
superintendent of the furnaces, and assistant
superintendent, and various other officers.
The Senator from Ohio proposes several clerks
which we have stricken off. The cost is no
more. If the Senate has any confidence in
the committee, of course they can take the
assurance of that committee that the cost is
less. I state it upon my responsibility, I state
it from an examination of the facts, that, the
cost under our bill is less than it is now. We
have cut off various supernumerary officers,
and we shall get along a great deal better. If
you wish to put Mr. Brown under bonds and
require of him to make these purchases and re-
ports, if you wish to take it away from the Sec-
retary, to whom it now lawfully belongs, be it
so. I do not desire to make that difference
between the two officers. I do not desire to
reflect upon Mr. Forney. I know he has feel-
ing about it. I do not desire to reflect on Mr.
Brown ; but we thought to avoid the difficulty
by decreasing the expenses of the body and
making an ollicer who would be responsible to
this body under his bond.
Mr. BROWN. If my colleague will permit
me, I will ask him right there how he makes
it out that the striking out of a purchasing
agent at $3,500 would not reduce the expendi-
ture under his bill just that much. Suppose
you devolve these duties on the Sergeant-at-
Arms and strike out this additional pay of
$8,500, does it not reduce the expense under
your amendment just that much?
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator tell
me why this anxiety to have the Sergeant-
at-Arms perform this duty when his duties, as
the committee supposed, wore to serve the pro-
cesses of tho body and to remain in the Senate?
Mr. BROWN. That is another question.
We are talking about the question of expense
now.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have stated again
and again the offices that we have gotten rid
of by virtue of this bill.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I wish tho Senator to
state once more what officers are got rid of
who are now employed in making these pur-
chases.
Mr. HENDERSON. We got rid of the sta-
tionery clerk, to begin with.
Mr. HOWE. He is not employed in mak-
ing purchases.
Mr. HENDERSON. The stationery clerk
does make purchases of stationery, as I under-
stand, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Very well. Now, what is the
salary of the stationery clerk?
Mr. HENDERSON. The salary now is
$1,750, but of course if we retain him we have
got to increase his salary with the rest of them.
Mr. HOWE. You get rid of $1,750.
Mr. HENDERSON. No,$2,200._ If you
retain this man you must increase his salary
nearly in the neighborhood of the purchasing
agent.
Mr. HOWE. Wrhat else?
Mr. HENDERSON. You get rid of the
superintendent of furnaces.
Mr. HOWE. Is he engaged in making
these purchases?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not. I am
not talking about the expense of the particular
matter of' purchases; I was speaking of the
bill of the Senator from Ohio. He proposes
to have an additional clerk to the Sergeant-at-
Arms, and I tell the Senator • now that if he
devolves this matter on the Sergeant-at-Arms
he must give him a clerk.
Mr. WADE. No doubt about it. He ought
to have one.
Mr. HOWE. Let us treatthis matter frankly.
We somehow or other have the purchases made
with the present force, and we do not employ
the superintendent of the furnaces in making
tliem 
Mr. HENDERSON. The committee in-
structed me to report, this bill. They exam-
ined this subject carefully and they have re-
duced the expenses. They believe there ought
to be a superintending officer for this business
That is the opinion of a standing committee
that you have appointed to investigate this
matter. I am not going into details; but if
the Senate insist upon it I will do so. I am
not going to discuss this subject of contingent
expenses ; but I say to the Senate that a stand-
ing committee of this body have investigated
it and they believe that this ought to be done,
that it is for the economy of the Senate; they
believe that it is proper and necessary in or-
der to bring economy into our expenses. That
is what they have instructed me to do. The
Senate have it before them and they can do as
they please.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish my friend from
California would allow me to say one word
before he goes on.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator always speaks
so well that I shall be glad to hear him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not desire to speak,
but I wish to point the attention of the Senate
to the fact that it is now eleven o'clock, and if
we expect to get through with the business of
the session at the time we have fixed we must
finish this bill to-night. At the rate we are go-
ing on we shall not get through with it. These
matters have been fully discussed, and if every-
body makes a speech about them we may just
as well give it up first as last, and I do pray
the Senate to have a little forbearance in the
way of discussion of these matters and come
to a vote upon the questions.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose that speech is
intended for me, in the main.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. It was not
intended for the Senator, because he had not
begun, but it was intended for the whole body,
if the Senate will allow me to say so and not
quarrel with me for saying it. If the Senate
chooses to sit all night, so be it; but that must
be the inevitable consequence at the rate we
are going on with this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I rose to make a speech,
and I intend to make it. It will be a very short
one. I shall make the one I rose to make not-
withstanding the very good one we have heard
from the Senator from Maine. [Laughter.] I
rose to say that the Senator from Missouri
should not complain and refuse to bring the
details of the business of his committee into
the Senate Chamber after he had already in-
troduced combs and hair-brushes this evening.
I think the details of that committee's busi-
ness have been brought in here to too great an
extent, and, for one, I rose to say that I was
rather tired of it, and hoped we should get to
voting.
