2220
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
April 27,
■who is very extensively engaged and lias been
for many years in that business. He was
applied to to join this enterprise. It was sup-
posed that it would be a great benefit to that
western country, to the Pacific railroad, to the
working of the mines, and everything else
there, if instead of taking all their iron from the
East and carrying it thousands of miles over
the plains without any roads or proper means
of carriage, manufactories could be erected upon
the spot where iron to a large amount might
be made. It would be a great benefit to the
country, and those engaged in it believe that
they could make it profitable to themselves.
Wo are all confident that such an enterprise,
if successful, will be of the greatest benefit to
the people of the country there, enabling them
to erect machinery to work their gold mines,
and use iron for all the purposes for which iron
in a country like that is useful. ]t is more
doubtful in my mind whether it will prove to
bo a good speculation.
Before such men as Ward and some other
wealthy men that are engaged in business—who
are not speculators any more than they can
speculate out of a legitimate business—would
embark in such an enterprise, it was deemed
necessary that the companyshouldhaveagrant
of landssomethiug like this, and for this reason,
which will occur to the Senator from Oregon
in a moment,: if they should lay out $200,000
or $o00,000 and commence operations there
in erecting their furnaces and other works, the
people about there would see at once, ''These
men who arc preparing to operate thus exten-
sively will want the timber near by," and they
would enter upon the lands immediately and
have it in their power to put the furnace com-
pany upon just .such terms in regard to timber
J'or making coal as they saw fit. These men
said at once, "Although it may bo a good
business for us, provided we can get the means
of working it. we will not undertake it unless wo
Can secure the title to enough timber land lo
make coal sufficient to canyon this business."
Is thai, unreasonable? I know very well that
they will not enter on this business unless they
can I bus acquire a title. They would be very
foolish to do so, because the prosperity oftheir
business would immediately be in the hands of
strangers that would impose upon them just
such terms as they pleased in regard to an
essential element without which they cannot
maketheir capital available. All there is in
this bill i,s that it allows the entry of the land
belbie the surveys. They may go now if they
can lind iron atiywheieou lauds open to entry,
anil I hey may enter all the laud they please,
provided they can pay for it. 'They could do
so in .Montana but for the fact that the laud
there h:is not yet. been surveyed. They cannot
enter it for that reason, and it may not be sur-
veyed for tuo or three or four years. By this
bill they wish barely to acquire just such a right
as everybody will have as soon as the laud is
surveyed. Til,it is all there is about it.
I hope this explanation will be satisfactory.
There ' is no other speculation in it than the
contingency of that business that they propose
to engage in being profitable. They can work
no gold mines, they can acquire no title to any
gold or silver mines, nor anything else but
iron; and if there should be coal there they
would have the advantage of it. It is not very
likely they will lind any.
Mr. (HUMES. I wish I could look at this
matter 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Iowa to yield that 1 may call up the other bill.
I suppose the Senator from Ohio will not now
object. It appears that this is loading lo
debate.
The PRESIDENT/>ro tempore,. The special
order was laid aside only informally by unan-
imous consent. It is now before the Senate.
CONTRACTORS FOR VESSELS AND MACHINERY.
The Senate resumed the consideration' of
the bill (S. No. '220) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels-of-
war and steam machinery, the pending ques-
tion being on the motion of Mr. Henderson
to postpone the further consideration of the
bill until the first Monday in December next.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
that if I can get the consent of a majority of
the Senate on Monday, whatever else may in-
terpose, I shall seek to press the passage of the
Post Office appropriation bill, and on the next
day the Army appropriation bill. The accu-
mulation of business from the Committee on
Finance is becoming so great that we feel it
our duty Lo press these appropriation bills on
Monday and Tuesday next; and I give this
notice now, so that Senators may make their
arrangements accordingly, that I shall expect
the Post Office and the Army appropriation
bills to bedisposcd of on Monday and Tuesday.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish the attention of
the Senate for a few moments to one or two
points made against this bill by the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Ci.auk] some days
since. It will be recollected by the Senate that
the Senator from New Hampshire objected to
the bill upon the ground that, it provided relief
for some persons whose title to relief he
doubted. Among others, ho selected the con-
tractor for the machinery of the double-enders
Chenango and Ascntney, Mr. Quintard. Now
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
very points in the report to which the Senator
from New Hampshire alluded in his argument.
After showing the excess of the cost over and
above the contract price, the report of the
board goes on to say:
"That there is no (ihargoin the bill for these vessels
for leiiracmi? the boilers; thn t. the causes of delay m
building the hull and machinery of the Onondaga
were oil account of expensive alterations, and also
the same us apply to tho Chenango ami Asculney;
tli.it tic w relieved fium the time of Ills eonf riiet tor
this vessel, so f:ir .'isrcA-irrK timo of completion, by
the extensive alterationsoidej rd to Ik-made, und that
tlio Department willfully satisfied that she was tiu-
'slied us socn as posibte."
This entire contract for building the machin-
ery of these vessels, the Chenango and Ascnt-
ney and for the hull and machinery of the
Onondaga was taken together, as I understand;
and the report of the board covers in this pas-
sage the entire three pieces of work. The loss
of Messrs. Quintard it Company was $ JO, 000,
shown by the e\idenee, upon good work, the
quality of the work not questioned anywhere.
The board finds that their loss upon this par-
ticular machinery was $20,o00. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Iowa will
reduce the allowance to u little less than ten
thousand dollars. So where there was an actual
loss, as proven before the board—and it. is not
questioned anywhere—of $20,000, the bill, as
amended on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, proposes to allow a little less than ten
thousand dollars.
Mr. President, the machinery for the Che-
nango and for the Ascntney belonged to a class
of twenty-two which will be found in the award
made by the board; and I wish to call the
attention of the Senate lo the fact that the
machinery there contracted for by these men
was of a very much heavier and more expensive
character than was supposed at the time the
work was commenced. It will be recollected
by the Senate that there was great demand
for this work at the time. The Government
was in a strait for a Navy, and it was impos-
sible at the time the contracts wore made to
have the drawings and specifications prepared
so that the contractors might, know exactly
wdiat they were to build. I will call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the evidence in one or
two eases merely as illustrative of the class.
That there was much more expensive machin-
ery—engines and boilers weighing very much
more than was supposed at the time it was
made—is established by the testimony of twelve
of these establishments. The contractors for
the Mattabesctt, the Shamrock, the Chicopee,
the Tallapoosa, the Otsego, the Mctacomet,
the Mendota, the Lenapee, the Mackinaw, the
Osceola, tlieSassacus, andthePawtuxet, twelve
in all, establish the fact that this machinery was
much heavier and more expensive than was
supposed at the time the contracts were made.
I will refer only to two cases. I read from
page 38 of the report of the board, in regard
to the JIattabesett and the Shamrock:
" The contract price was $1M,000.'' * * '■ *
"There is no charge in the bill (annexed to this record
and marked No. 38) lor any condemned material or
faulty workmanship, and it shows the actual cost of
labor and material, and the bill of extra work shows
a profit of about twenty per cent. At the time of
taking' these contracts there were no drawings fur-
nished, and it was understood that the engines were
to be about the same size and weight of the class of
the Paul Jones, but in reality were of very much
heavier weight and increased size, which was one of
the chief causes of loss to the contractors, over and
above the contract piice."
Now, I call the attention of the Senate to
the case of the machinery for the Pawtuxet, on
page 21. There the report says:
"The excess of cost, over and abovo the contract
price, was due to the Greater weight of engine than
the contractors were fed to expect them to be, Mr.
I^hcrwood, ehicf of the Bureau of Steam ihigiueermg
having assured them that, thoy would not exceed
those of the Paul Jones class, (three hundred and
seventy-four thousand pounds;! whereas the weight
of one built by them was six hundred and thirty
thousand pounds."
Very much above what was supposed by the
contractors at the time the contracts were made.
The trouble was, that at the time the contracts
were entered into, or the bids received, the
drawings and specifications were not prepared.
I presume these men were sufficiently intelli-
gent in their business to know what would be
the weight and expense of an engine in ordi-
nary times if the drawings and specifications
were complete; but twelve of these contractors
establish in their cases that the machinery was
much heavier than was supposed at the time
the contracts were made or the bids put in.
Although the, argument of the Senator from
New Hampshire was forcible against this par-
ticular class, and was veryr favorable to another
class, I think this entire class of contractors
for the machinery are also entitled to relief.
1 ask the attention of that Senator to the fact
that the average of loss to the men who con-
tracted for the machinery was above $2-3,000,
some 829,000, and some $-10,000, but the
average was about $25,000. Now the propo-
sition of the Senator from Iowa brings down
the allowance of each one of these men to less
than $10,000.
The contract price for machinery was $S2,000.
The Senator from Iowa has seemed an amend-
ment thai there shall be but twelve pcrcent.
allowed epon it, which will be less then $10,000,
if my calculation be correct. We are toallow
less than $10,000, where the losses average
abovc$25,000. Ofthatentire class there aretwo
where the loss was only between five and six thou-
sand dollars on each vessel; but in those eases
the parties had the iron at the time, and therefore
there was no loss upon the material, but all the
others averaged, 1 believe, about twenty-five
thousand dollars loss. When the fact is shown
in twelve of these cases that the machinery was
very much heavier than the contractors were
led to suppose at the time, when the further
fact is considered that, the drawings and speci-
fications were not prepared, and could not bo
with the greatest diligence, I presume, in the
Department, so that the parties might know the
precise weight and size of the machinery, 1 sub-
mit whether this little allowance of one third
of the actual loss is an unreasonable thing for
tlieseparties, the contractors for the machinery,
to expect at, the hands of the Government.
It may be, Mr. President, that I am all wrong
in my views about this; but this fact has had
much weight upon my mind: the Government
was ill a strait; she came into this war with
a navy that eould not contend with any of the
considerable nations of the earth ; she had to
establish a blockade upon one of the longest
coasts in the world, at more points than per-
haps were ever blockaded in the world; the
Navy Department had to strain every energy
possible, it had to require all these workmen
to do its work, and when they preferred doing
work for individuals rather than going into
contracts with the Governmentthey were almost
compelled by public sentiment at the demand
of the Department to undertake it. They did
