1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
The bill provides that the fees of agents and
attorneys for making out and causing to be
executed the necessary papers, and for estab-
lishing and collecting any claim against the
United States for bounty, arrears of pay, and
allowances, or gratuities for military services,
whether due to the person performing such
services, his heirs, assigns, or legal represent-
atives, shall in no ease exceed ten dollars,
unless the accounting officer allowing such
claim shall certify a farther sum to be just and
proper.
Any agent or attorney who shall directly or
indirectly, without a certificate from the ac-
counting officer, demand or receive any greater
compensation for his services in the collection
of any claim for bounty, arrears of pay, or other
allowances, or who shall contract, agree to
prosecute, or collect any such claim on the
condition that he shall receive a per cent, upon
any portion of it, or who shall wrongfully with-
hold the payment of the proceeds to the claim-
ant, is to be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction to be fined not exceeding
$300 or imprisoned at hard labor not exceed-
ing two years, or both, according to the cir-
cumstances and aggravations of tire offense.
Mr. FARNSWORTEL Mr. Speaker, I did
not notice anything in this bill, as it was read,
in reference to requiring bounty and pay agents
to give proper security before they arc allowed
to collect the pay and bounties to which the sol-
diers may be entitled. I think this bill should
includc something of that kind. I know a great
many soldiers and officers who have been most
miserably defrauded by these infernal rascals
who have set up agencies in Washington for the
collection of pay and bounty to soldiers. These
agents have collected the money and run off
with it. I wish the Committee on the Judici-
ary would report some provision requiring these
agents to give bond in largo security, payable
in some manner to some officer for the benefit
of the soldiers and others for whom they act
as agents.
It is but a few clays since a case of this kind
was brought to my knowledge. A couple of
agents had established an oilice in the city of
Washington, and had collected a large amount
of money for soldiers and officers and then run
off to Canada, beyond the reach of the parties
whom they had defrauded, and I have learned
from the pay department thatthis is a common
occurrence here, and that these were only two
scamps out of a lai'ge number who have done
the same thing, and I think something ought
to be done by us to put a stop to it.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I have no doubt
that is a \ery proper subject to be considered
by the Committee on the Judiciary, and if
the gentleman will refer it to us we will con-
sider it. But I do not see that it is necessary
to delay the passage of this bill in order to con-
sider the subject, at this time. I therefore de-
mand the previous question on the passage of
this bill.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] withdraw that
call for a moment ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will.
Mr. SHELL ABARGER. As there is a very
large amount of this particular business done
in my district, I have had quite a number af
letters on that subject; and I would state that
the trouble and the point of inquiry seems
to be this : and I desire to bring it to the at-
tention of the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.] It is
said, and I have no doubt that it is the fact,
that there is a large number of eases which
cannot be attended to at all for ten dollars
each. The'bill as reported, and which is now
before the House, I perccive contemplates that
fact and provides for it.
Now, the purpose of my rising is to inquire
whether the officer to whom by this bill is re-
ferred the matter of allowing increased com-
pensation to those agents will have the moans
of ascertaining and fixing the amount which
ought to be allowed. And in that connection
I want to say that the scope and language bf this
bill I think are in general exceedingly proper.
And I think that most persons of intelligence
are able to look after their interests with suffi-
cient care so as to prevent these agents from
getting any undue advantage over them. And
I think our soldiers comprise as much intelli-
gence, as a general thing, as any other class of
our people. Yet there is a class of claims in
which the soldiers are very much dependent
upon the fidelity of these agents; and thatfidelity
has been found to be wanting in a very large
number of cases. Hence, the necessity for this
bill, and the one on a similar subject which
preceded it. Now, I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary if that
portion of this bill is deemed to be of any prac-
tical value; whether these accounting officers,
(I believe they are the officers to whom this
matter of fixing the increased compensation is
referred) will have the means of telling when a
foe larger than ten dollars should be allowed?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My answer to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] is
that the accounting officer, at least the one be-
fore whom most of these claims will go, stated,
as I am informed, to the member of the Senate
who originally introduced this bill to that body,
that there would be no difficulty in adjusting
the compensation allowed to agents for these
claims where more than ton dollars were to be
allowed. And in addition to that I may state
that every member of this House has had more
or less to do with claims of this character, and
I am satisfied, from my experience in relation
to them, that a fee of ton dollars is more than
a reasonable compensation in a very large num-
ber of cases, and that, the charge of that fee
will be ample compensation in mostcases where
there may bo more than the ordinary amount
of labor. And in addition to that 1 am informed,
as I have already stated, that the accounting
officer stated that there would be no difficulty
in adjusting that matter upon the presentation
of the proper proof.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee whether this
bill, in any part, provides that a claim may be
adjusted so as to entitle the person performing
the servicc required in any case to more than
ten dollars?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do
not see why we should allow any of the soldiers
to be swindled, even to the extent of ten dol-
lars. When this Government honestly owes a
soldier money, I do not see why he should have
difficulty in getting his money. I know that
it is necessary to have some preliminary papers
made out; but the rules and regulations are
pent to all the justices of the peace and nota-
ries public throughout the country; and their
charges are generally only two or three dollars
in each case. I have yet to learn that, if a sol-
dier sends his papers here, the collection of
his claim cannot be attended to without the aid
of any agent whatever.
1 was here all through the Mexican war, and
in those days these claim agents began to mul-
tiply. Ex-Senators and ex-Representatives,
and even ex-foreign embassadors and ex-Cab-
inet ministers went into the business. They
sent their circulars all over the country pro-
tending that, in consequence of their experi-
ence hero in Washington, they had greater
access to the Departments, as if everything
wont by privilege or favor. Well, sir, an im-
mense number of those claims came through
my hands. I never recognized one of those
claim agents.
I remember that one day, when I was walk-
ing 011 the avenue in company with a distin-
guished Senator, now dead, who used to be
known by the name of Pater Senatus, I spoke
to one of these agents. That Senator rebuked
me, saying, "Never speak to one of those men;
I never do." "Why not?" I asked. "Be-
cause," said he, "they live by swindling your
constituents. A man may swindle me, and I
will stand it; but a man who swindles one of
my eonstituents, I do not intend to recognize
anywhere."
That incident set me to thinking; and it has
been my opinion, from that time to this, that
there is patriotism and talent enough in my
congressional district to prepare these claims for
presentation to the proper Department without
subjecting the soldier to any charge. I know
that there are numerous school-teachers of both
sexes who are willing to perform without charge
the necessary clerical labor in preparing these
claims.
I do not believe that it is necessary to sup-
port about the capital of the nation, at the
expense of our soldiers, these harpies under
the name of claim agents. Rather than vote for
this bill, allowing a fee of ten dollars in every
case, I would prefer to support a proposition to
fine, yes, and imprison, the man who charges
these soldiers anything for collecting their
claims. If we pass this bill, authorizing a
charge of ten dollars, the agent will claim that
he is entitled to that amount in every case. I
want the soldiers of this country to know that
it is not necessary for them to employ any agent
in this District for the collection of their claims;
that they need only send their papers to their re-
spective members of Congress, who will take
pleasure in attending to the business for them.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] is mistaken if he
supposes that this bill fixes a fee of ten dollars
to which every claim agent will be entitled in
each case in which he may be engaged. The
bill merely fixes a limitation upon the charges;
and within that limit the soldiers of the coun-
try may drive any bargain which they may be
able to make with these claim agents. The dif-
ficulty in the past has been that these agents
have in the great, majority of cases charged
more than this bill proposes to allow them to
charge. The bill is intended to protect the
soldiers against the exorbitant charges of claim
agents. I know that a great many of these
agents have made exorbitant charges, yet I
am not prepared to join with the gentleman
from Illinois in a universal denunciation of
claim agents. Some of them, I know, are hon-
orable men, who attend to their duties faith-
fully, charging reasonable fees. Others charge
exorbitant rates; and for the purpose of pro-
tecting the soldiers against these, this bill has
been reported.
The gentleman from Illinois speaks of mem-
bers of Congress taking charge of the collection
of these claims. I fear that if all the soldiers
of his district should send their claims to him
he would have very little time to devote to the
reciprocity legislation which has come from his
committee.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I attended to such
claims for my constituents all through the Mexi-
can war, and I expect to give equal attention
to claims of my constituents arising out of this
war. I am a gratuitous agent l'or every man
living in my district for all his Washington
business.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, Mr. Speaker,
the district which the gentleman now repre-
sents probably sent into the Army during the
rebellion nearly as many soldiers as the United
States sent to Mexico during the Mexican war.
The collection of soldiers' claims is a business
of much vaster extent than it was at the time
• of the Mexican war. 1 have had a good deal
of experience in attending to these claims for
soldiers in my own district. I have always
done it cheerfully and without exacting any
compensation; and I have no doubt other mem-
bers of Congress have done the same. But, sir,
I cannot undertake to attend to my duties as a
member of Congress and at the same time
attend to all the claims that may be sent to me
here for adjustment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Allow me to say that
it requires no particular attention on the part
of members of Congress; the claims come to
them, they make memoranda, and send tliem
to the Departments. All the rest is humbug.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am afraid a great
