3180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
extended for the period-of seven years from and after
tho 3d day of Juno, 1866; and that said gr^nt shall
continue and remain in fall force and effect for and
during that period as if it had been so provided in
said fourth section of said act of June 3,1856: P\o-
aided. That the Amboy, Lansing, and Traverse Bay
Railroad Company, a corporation organized uilder the
laws of the State of Michigan, shall forfeit all right
to s.aid grant, or any part thereof, which it may now
have, or which may hereafter be conferred upon it
by the Legislature of the State of Michigan, if, and
whenever, the said company shall fail, in whole or in
part, fully and completely to perform any of the.fol-
lowing conditions, that is to say: 1st. To" clear, grub.
And grade twenty consecutive miles of the road-bea
of said road between Owasso and Saginaw City, so
that the same shall be in readiness for the tics and
iron by the 1st day of February, 1867. 2d. To fully
complete said road from Owasso to Saginaw City, so
that the sarao shall bo in readiness for the running
of trains by the 1st day of November, 1867. 3d. To
fully complete in liko manner twenty miles of said
road in each and every year after the said 1st day of
November, 1867, and to fully complete theentiro road
by the time limited by this act: And provided far-
ther, That in Case of failure of said Amboy, Lansing,
and Traverse Bay Railroad Company to perform any
of the Above conditions by the respective times lim-
ited therefor, the Legislature of the State of Michi-
gan may, at its first session after any such failure,
confer the said grant upon somo other railroad cor-
poration or corporations, upon such terms and condi-
tions as the Legislature may soc fit to carry out the
purposes of the said act of Juno 3,1856; and whon so
conferred such corporation or corporations shall be
entitled to havo and enjoy all of the said grant which
shall not then havo been lawfully disposed of, to the
same oxtcnt and inJJie same manner and for tho
srtme purposes as it tho same had boon originally
conferred upon such corporation or corporations.
And any such railroad corporation or coiporations,
whother now organized or hereafter to be organized,
upon which said grant may be bo conferred", in whole
or in part, may receive tho same without prejudice to
any land grant or other rights or franchises previously
required. But in no ca^o shall such corporation or
corporations ho entitled to reccivo moro than ten
sections of land to the rnilo for that portion of said
road which may bo consolidated in accordance with
thoprovisionsof this act: And provided further. That
if tho Legislature shall in any such ease of failure so
confer said grunt ns above provided, the said lands*,
or so much thereof asshall then remain not lawfully
disposed of, shall ho subject to tho disposal and futuvc
control of said Legislature, ns provided in section
three of said net of June 3,1856, until the expiration
of tho time limited by this aet; but in ease tho said
Legislature shall in such ease fail to oonferthc«rant,
then tho said lauds .shall revert to the United States.
8kc. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho Flint
ami Pore Manjuotto Uailroad Company may change
tho western terminus of its road to somo point on
Lake Michigan at or south of Grand Traverse bay,
and any uiilroad corporations having a right to the
respective land grants specified in tho said act of
Juuc 3,1850, located in tho lower peninsula of tho
fltjite ot Michigan, may unito and contract with each
other or with any other railroad corporation or cor-
porations lor the construction and operation of a
smjrlo line of road for any portion ot their routes,
without prejudice to any land grants or other rights
or tianehises previously acquired. And any and all
puch corporations a rob ereh.v authorized to change tho
locution of their lines ol road so far an may bo neces-
sary for the puri>0He of fiueh consolidation, but not?o
as to change their respective termini otherwise than
is authorized by this act. And whenever any change
of tn minus oi location of isno is made as piovided
for tn this act, the eorpur.ition or corporations mak-
ingsueh change, shall tile in the General Land Oliicc
new maps definitely showing such change and the
new line of road adopted: Proridnt, That the road
mentioned in the first section of t.hn act, shall run on
tho west side of {Saginaw river, and that the princi-
pal depot shall be located in the uovthem portion of
tho plat of KiViinaw City, so as best to accommodate
the cities of Saginaw and Hast Saginaw.'
Sko. S. And be U further enacted, That tho lands
granted by the said act of June 3, 1856, to aid in the
consti action of the railroad described in tho first sec-
tion ol this act shall bo disposed of only in the follow-
ing manner, that K to say, when the Govcrnorof the
Stateof Miehicran shall certify to the Secretary of the
Interior that tenor moro consecutive miles of said
road have been completed in a good and substantial
manner, as a first-class railroad, stating definitely
tho eoniinenecment and termination of each com-
pleted poition of said load, and'the corporation or
coiporatious so entitled to lands on account thereof,
the Secretary of the Interior hhall cause patents tor
lands for such completed portion of said road to be
issued to said corporation or corporations: Provided,
That rtoneof said lands shall bo acquired or so pat-
ented for any portion of said road so completed south
of the intersection of said road with the Detroit and
Milwaukee i ailway until the whole of ;>aid road north
of said intersection shall have been completed, and
tho land therefor patented as aforesaid: Aiul pro-
vided further, That the road mentioned in the first
Boction of this act shall be and remain a public high-
way for the use of the Government of tho United
States, and shall transport free from toll or other
charges all property, troops, and munitions of war
belonging to the same.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions oi this
act aro hereby repealed.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I move that the Senate
concur in tho amendment.
" Mr. HOWARD. I move an amendment to
the amendment of the House, in the second
proviso to the first section, after the words
" of the State of Michigan may" to insert " if
in session, and if not then." The object of
the amendment is to give the Legislature-of
Michigan, in ease this company fails to com-
ply with the condition stated in the amend-
ment, the right to transfer the lands granted
to some other company in order to insure the
early construction of the road. It is very
clearly for the public benefit. Our Legislature
does not meet except once In two years, and
if the amendment should pass in its present
form our Legislature cannot act on the question
until two years after next January.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is another case
precisely like the one which came the other
day from ihe House of Representatives.
Mr. HOWARD. It is the same. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that bill printed yet?
Mr. HOWARD. It was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand this bill
comes from the House now. Is it from the
committee? I want to understand, if it is tliei
same bill, how wc get it twice over".
Mr. POME ROY. A bill passed the Senate
and was sent to the House of Representatives.
This is a substitute for ihe bill that we passed.
As an amendment to our bill, the House passed
this substitute and sent it back. Now the Sen-
ator from Michigan proposes to amend the sub-
stitute, as I understand,- and send it back
again to the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what the Ijill was wc had the other day.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is- the identical
I do not see how it gets
It has laid on the table
I understand this to be a
one.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
here a second tune.
Mr. CHANDLER.
since.
Mr. POMEROY.
substitute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that we
do not know what we are legislating about, and
I object to this mode of doing business. I do
not know but that this may be ail perfectly
correct-; but here comes from the House of
Representatives an entire substitute for a bill
which the Senate has passed without anybody
in the Senate knowing what the substitute is,
and without its having gone to any committee
whatever; and the Senator from Michigan pro-
poses to amend thai- substitute, and asks us tn
pass it. 1 object to that mode of doing busi-
ness, and I move that this bill be referred to
Uie proper committee, the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, thai they may examine it and repdrt
upon it, so that we shall have something upon
which to base our action.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope the reference will
not bo made. This bill has undergone a very
thorough examination in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the entire Michigan delegation
is united upon the amendment..
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho Chair
will suggest to the Senator that it is not in
order to refer to the proceedings of the other
House.
, Mr. IIENDRTCKS. Before voting on the
proposition to refer this bill with the amend-
ment, r should liko tho Senator from Michigan
to explain in what respect the. House of Repre-
sentatives has modified the bill as it was passed
by the Senate. \ will state to the'Senate that
this was the subject of a good deal oi' contro-
versy before the Committee on Public Lands.
There are rival or disagreeing interests in the
State of Michigan in regard to this road ; and
I should like to know what the amendment is.
Perhaps it is not necessary to refer it to the
committee if there is no material change.
Mr. TRUMBULL* It is an entire substitute.
Mr. HOWARD. This amendment was
ordered to be printed tho day before yesterday,
but it has not yet been printed, or at least not
distributed among the members of tho Senate.
I suggest that it be laid aside for the present
until it is printed and distributed among us, so
that we know more accurately what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing motion is to refer the bill and amendment
to the Committee on Public Lands ; and the
motion to lay the bill aside will not take pre-
cedence of that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to press
the motion to refer" if it can be understood
that we are to have an opportunity to know
what the measure Is. I think it had better be
referred; but if the Senator from Michigan
objects to that, I have no objection to liis mo-
tion to lay it aside and have it printed. I with-
draw my motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that this is a bill extending
the time within which to complete this road.
There is no objection to the general purpose of
the bill. It is a proposition that all Senators
will vote for. The only question is one of de-
tail to adjust some conflicting interests in the
districts in Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. That is all there is about it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no grant of
lands.
Mr. HOWARD. No. ,
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ But because of the
difficulties in constructing railroads for a few
years past this bill extends the time for some
years. It is very important that this bill should
not bedefeated. Itonghttopassinsome&rra,
because the companies are now ready as I un-
derstand to go on and build the road. It is a
very important road, connecting Saginaw with
the capital of the State, and thence extending
up in a northern direction. If the bill made a
grant of land it would be a different question ;
but it is really a question of local interest to the
people in that portion of the country.
Mr. COWAN. I have certainly no objection
to the bill; my objection to this course of pro-
ceeding is that I know nothing of the bill. It
is utterly impossible to keep up with the busi-
ness by a personal examination of everything.
I follow tho committees, as a general rule, on
trust. When they examine and report a bill
the presumption is that it is free from defect.
If this bill is simply to be printed and distrib-
uted around among us, containing new mat-
ter which has not been heretofore submitted to
any committee, I think that course is irjpropcr,
and I think tho Senator from Illinois should
have insisted upon his motion to refer it, and
let the committee report.
Mr. HOWARD. Under the circumstances
I will withdraw the amendment which I p,o-
posed. by the consent of the Senate, and sutler
the bill to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not consent to
pass it for one. certainly, if that is the object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to amend the amendment being withdrawn,
the question rccurs'on concurring in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew my motion to
refer it to the Committeeon Public Lands. Now,
I desire to say a word in reply to the Sen-
ator from Indiana. Tho Senator from Indi-
ana tells us that the bill ought to pass, and
that it is a matter about which there should be
no controversy.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not say that this
substitute from the House ought to pass, for I
have not read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has not
read the substitute, and the House of Repre-
sentatives thought it so important that they
would not agree to our bill, but they sent us a
new bill, an entire substitute for it; and now
we are asked to pass it without anybody here
having seen it or having read it. I protest
against, this mode of doing business, and I
move that the bill and amendment be referred
to the Committee 011 Public Lands, and I hope
the Senate will take that courso.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
FREEDMBS'S BUREAU.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up, for the
purpose of fixing a day for its consideration,
the bill (H. R. No. 613) to continue in force
and ameud an* act to establish a bureau for
