i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12®!
many of the claims intrusted to the care of my
friend from Illinois remain unadjusted if he
gives them no more attqption than to send them
to the Department in a note.
Mr. WENTWORTff. That is the way to get
an earlv report. If they are good, they ought
to bo allowed; if they are dishonest, they ought
to be rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is only the
threshold of the labor. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. My object, I will state, is
to have this business done and paid for by the
United States as it is by the States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will hear the gen-
tleman's proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to recommit,
with instructions to report a bill to provide for
a system of agents, to be paid by the United
States, by whom the claims of soldiers for back
pay and bounties due from the Government
may be collected free of cost to the soldier.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not yield to
that proposition.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make
the statement that the State of Ohio has con-
tinued her agency; and she has here an agent of
great fidelity and devotion to the interests of the
soldiers, Mr. James C. Wetmorc, who. within
a few weeks, has assured me that he will with
pleasure attend to all the claims of Ohio sol-
diers which may be sent to him. Ho is doing
it now free of charge. I address the soldiers
of my State in this way in reference to this State
agent.
1 am asked to make the same statement in
reference to the Indiana State agent.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to say, in
addition to what lias boon said by the gentleman
from Ohio, that Iowa has an agent here who
attends to all the claims of loiva soldiers sent
to him, and free of charge to the soldiers.
Now, the proposilion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] will not cure the present
evil. Notwithstanding agents are provided by
the several States, still soldiers in those States
do employ agents. Even if you adopt the prop-
osition of the gentleman, for which 1 will cheer-
fully vote, you still need this bill to protect the
soldiers who do not send their claims to the
State agents. I will cheerfully vote to establish
agents here who shall attend to all claims sent
to them by soldiers free of charge; but 1 would
also protect the soldiers who do not send their
claims to such agents.
I hope the proposed amendment will not be
adopted. I hope it will be reserved and sub-
mitted in a separate bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 desire to ask whether
there is not a law now upon our statute-book
limiting the amount a claim agent shall charge
in reference to soldiers' claims.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. It has reference
only to pensions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not this increasing the
amount a claim agent may exact for services?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir: the gen-
tleman has been misled by the act in relation
to pension claims. First, the charge for those
was live dollars; but that was amended so as
to allow a fee not, exceeding ten dollars. That
only applies to claims for pensions. By the
terms of the act it applies only to those eases
pending before the Commissioner of Pensions;
but there is nolaw for fees in reference to claims
other than for pensions.
Mr. TNGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say that Illinois, ever mindful of the welfare
of her soldiers, lias her agent here in the per-
son of Colonel Ii. D. Cook, who is an efficient
and honest man, and one who looks after the
claims and interests of our citizen soldiers with
unwearied vigilance, and I am happy to say that
lie enjoys the fallout confidence of all the Gov-
ernment Departments, and consequently pos-
sesses superior facilities for the adjustment of
soldiers' claims over any mere ''claim agent.''
many of whom have shamefully robbed and
swindled the '"brave volunteer",, out of his
money, earned at the "camion's mouth." Sir,
it is high time that Congress should interfere and
put a stop to this systematic plundering of the
soldiers. With a view to the accomplishment
of this noble purpose, our patriotic soldier-Gov-
ernor Oglesby, appointed Colonel Cook agent
for Illinois, and sent him here at the expense
of the State for the purpose of prosecuting the
claims of the Illinois soldiers against the Gov-
ernment free of all expense to the soldier. In
my opinion, this expense should be borne by
the Government and not by the State. There-
fore I am in favor of the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,]
which proposes that the United States Govern-
ment shall employ all necessary agents to attend
to this business without cost to the soldier.
When the Government called upon our bravo
men to shoulder the musket in defense of the
country, it said to them, " Go and fight for the
Republic and you shall be paid; if you contract'
disease, you shall receive a pension ; if you die,
then all this shall go to your widows and your
little ones.'' They went, they fought, and, alas!
many of them died; but they won the grand
victory, and the Republic lives. Now, so far
as I am concerned, the Government shall fulfill
the contract and pay the soldier whatever may-
be due for back pay, for bounties, for losses
sustained, and for pensions.
I would like to go further than this amend-
ment proposes. I should prefer the establish-
ment of a" Soldiers' Bureau" here, in cither the
Treasury or Interior Department, all the offi-
cers and'clerks thereof to be appointed by the
Governors of the respecthe States, the whole
to be maintained at, the expense of the Govern-
ment. Then the claims of all our soldiers of
whatsoever nature would be prosecuted, settled,
and paid with dispatch, which is very far from
being the case at the present time. 1 hope tlie
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I hope the House
svill now puss this bill and secure at least, some
safeguard against the extortion which lias been
imposed upon the soldiers of this country.
Mr. COISB. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Does the gentle-
man desire to say that Wisconsin ought to have
an agent?
Mr. COBB. No, sir; by no means.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I yield.
Mr. COBB. I have some acquaintance with
this business of claim agency, and 1 wish to
state what I think is known to most members
of this House, or ought to be. It is not in
Washington city wlie.ro claim agents' services
arc valuable to the soldier or where they are
required at all. It is at home, at the points
accessible to the soldiers, where the evidence
of the claims is to be collected and the proof
obtained and prepared to be sent here. And
when it, is prepared by the local agent then the
intervention of any agent here or of'the service
of any member of Connress is the most useless
tiling that can possibly be imagined.
The experience of every member here cer-
tainly will bear me out in this, that we at our
rooms or on this floor are scarcely nearer to the
Department h"i-e practically than at our resi-
dences at, home. We are scarcely nearer than
are the offices of these local claim agents in the
several States. And if the soldiers would only
procure the services of competent, faithful claim
agents at home, whose services, such as are
absolutely necessary in preparing the papers
and proof, should be paid for, and would have
these agents address these intelligently and
properly to the Department at Washington ; if
they would eschew and ignore these Washing-
ton claim agents and not pay too much atten-
tion to members of Congress, then their claims
would be propesly presented, and would be in
a great majority of cases acted upon and in due
time properly and fairl\ paid.
All of tlieve local claim agencies at Wash-
ington, whether those establish! d by individual
enterprise or sent here by the States, are in my
opinion—and f c'aim to have had some expe-
rience at both ends of the lino—entirely use-
less and unnecessary, and tend to impede the
prosecution of the payment of claims rather ,
than to facilitate them. And if I should' say
anything to my old companions in arms op ts>>
my constituents at home who have these clainis
against the Government, it would be to look to
it well that they employ honest and capafelo
claim agents at home who will procurc the
proof npon which the claim rests and send it
directly to the Department and wait a reason-
able time, and then, if necessary, make further
communications through their agents at home,
and if in extraordinary cases it is necessary,
apply to a member of Congress. But by all
means lot them avoid the claim, agents tliafc
hover about the capital and the Departments
of the Government here. Let them employ
the local claim agents or agents established by
the State governments.
Mr. SCHENCE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was sec-
onded. And I desire to modify the instruc-
tions as follows:
Recommit with instructions to amend the
bill by providing for a system, under proper
restrictory clauses, of claim agents in the sev-
eral States to be paid by the United States, by
whom the claim of back pay and bounties due
from the Government may be collected free of
cost to the soldier.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have already said
that I am in favor of the establishment of these:
agencies, but the result of the recommitment
of this bill will be to carry it over to the call of
the committee again, and I do not know whether
that will occur duringthe session. If the House
desires to gain so muchbenefit to be derived by
the soldiers as this bill provides, better pass
this now and take up that as an independent
proposition.
The question being upon Mr. Sciiexck's mo-
tion to reconsider, it was put; and there were
—ayes I>8, noes :59 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER, The yeas and nays can-
not be ordered on a vote reconsidering the
seconding of the previous question, as the yeas
and nays could not be ordered on the second.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson of
Iowa, and Souiwck, were appointed.
Tlie House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 54, noes 48.
So the vote by which the previous question
was seconded was reconsidered.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question; and being
put, the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to recommit
the bill, with the instructions I have indicated.
Mr. TAYLOR. Task the gentleman to insert
the word "pensions" after the word "boun-
ties."
Mr. SCHENCK. T accept that modification.
"Mr. J. L. THOMAS. 1 would ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio, who is to appoint these
flaunts?
Mr. SCHENCK. That will depend upon the
provisions of the bill when it is brought back
from the committee. This is a general instruc-
tion to the committee to report a bill, and the
bill will provide for the appointment of these
agents, and if the House does not like the pro-
vision 1hey can change it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would like the gentleman
to move that the Committee on the Judiciary
have leave to report back this bill at anytime.
The SPEAKER. That would requireunan-
iuious consent.
Mr. ]jIj1)RIDGB. I object.
Sir. WILSON, of Iowa. If objection is made
to giving the committee leave to report at any
time, it does seem to me that the Housp had
better not recommit this bill, because without
that leave the bill may hang in the committee
until the end of this session, and the soldiers in
the mean time will derive no benefit whatever
from this attempt to protect them.
I trust, therefore, that the House will not
recommit the bill, but will pass it, and then
embody the proposition of the gentleman from
