1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2221
undertake it, and at an early day, considering
the magnitude of the work, they placed upon
the ocean a navy that enabled us to defy the
Powers of the world, the grandest navy in the
world, that makes every port along our coast
secure against every hostile Power who may
come against it. Is it becoming the dignity
and the justice of this nation that these men
shall bear a loss in the prosecution of so great
a work for the country'! For the commanding
general that gains a battle we pass a vote of
thanks and give a medal; and for illustrious
and groat deeds in the history of nations mon-
uments are creeled; but for these men that
placed upon the ocean a navy that makes our
coasl as secure as it is possible for man to make
a coasl—for this great work these men, instead
of having a medal, or a vote of thanks, or a
monument, are to bear a loss, and some of
tliem to go into bankruptcy.
Nov.-, sir, I cannot appreciate the sentiment
that requires that these men should bear all
this loss. The fact of loss is clearly established.
Upon that question no member of the commit-
tee had a doubt, no member of the board who
examined this question for five minutes had a
doubt that they sustained the loss, and that they
sustained the loss in many cases because of the
interference of the Government; and I submit
whether it is becoming in us to let that loss fall
altogether upon them. Taking the classes that
are objected to by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, they get but about one third of then-loss
by the bill as it is now amended, and taking
the entire class they get not quite, I believe, fifty
percent, of the entire loss: audi submit, if
it is the pleasure of the Senate to relieve these
parties, if we can do it more securely to the
Government than by passing the bill as now
amended, ft allows but twehe per cent, in
any case upon the contract pricc. My judg-
ment is satisfied thatthis is below what is right.
Mr. CLAltlv. I gave this matter some
examination when it was before the Senate at
an earlier da}'. I have given it some exam-
ination since ; I have given ita more thorough
examination since that time than I gave it
before; and all the examination and all the
attention that 1 have been able to bestow upon
it assure me that the bill ought not to pass.
If the Senator from Indiana and those other
gentlemen of the Senate who have this bill in
charge had turned their attention to examining
the cases individually, and would show us which
ought to be provided for, and which ought not,
I could agree to vote for those that ought to
pass, and cheerfully vote for them; but when
they bring here forty-two cases and do not
pretend that all ought to pass, but that some
are good and some bad, and thus make the
good carry the bad, I cannot quite agree to the
whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator docs not
quite place the committee right. The commit-
tee who make this report think that each case
ought to be relieved. That was the -opinion
of the committee, but the equities of some
were not quite so strong as others.
Mr. CLAllK. Then I will understand the
Senator as representing the committee, and the
committee as being of the opinion which he
now states, that they all ought in equity to be
relieved. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him if he is of that same opinion still, that they
all ought to be relieved?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes. sir. I am.
Mr. CLARK. Than I will ask the Senator
to follow mo as I examine some of these cases,
one by one; and I will ask him by and by,
when ! come to some of these cases, whether
ho is then of the opinion still. I ask the Sen-
ator to turn his attention first to the cases of the
Agawam and tho Pontoosuc. 1 examined, I
think, three cases when I spoke to the Senate
before—the cases of tho Iosco, the Massasoit,
and the Chenango. I have been through tho
list on page 2 of the table of "doublc-end-
ers, wooden hulls," I think, including eleven
or twelve, and I find them all much in the same
condition. I now take the two which come
next to the Iosco, the Agawam and the Pon-
toosuc. If Senators will turn to page 8 of
the report of the commission, composed of
Selfridge, Fletcher, and Eldredgc, they will
find the statement of the person. who built
the hulls:
"Regarding the contracts for the United States
steamers l'ontoosue and Agawam: there appeared
before the board George W. Lawrence, ship-builder,
of Wiu-ren, Maine, mid constructor and contractor
for the above vessels built by him, at Poitland,
Maine, and bavins been duly pworn, stated that
the above vessels wore constructed at the same time
by him, and the cost shown is that of both together.
That both contracts were signed on Peptcnibcr 9,
1862, and the voxels to be launched in one handled
and twenty-six da w, or on January t3. 1SG3. That
the Afjawam was launched on Ainil 2t. 1S(T,. and
thePontoosuo on the following May 'JO, LSO.t, and on
those same dajs. ro^peftivoly, delivered Over to the
engine-builders: that, the delay in launching was, on
his part, of no lo-,s or inconvenience to the Govern-
ment, having been delated on account of eel-fain
valves. Are., renuircd pie\ious to launching, having
not been fitted in place by the Portland Works, con-
traitors lor the steam machinery."
These vessels were detained on the ways
some two or three months by the want of the
valves by the persons who weie to furnish the
steam machinery.
'' That the contract piece for each vessel was
$7.ri,00U," or $l-")0,0ut) for the two. Here I
want to call attention to what was the contract
price, or what was the cost of the machinery
of the Paul Jones. Can the Senator from
Indiana tell me?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr. CLARK. Can the Senator from Nevada
tell me what was the contract price for the
machinery of the Paul Jones?
Mr. N\'E. I cannot tell now, but I can
find out.
ill-. CLARK. Perhaps lean inform the Sen-
ator. 1 do not know precisely, but my informa-
tion is—and my information comes irom tho
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs—
that it was Sni2,000, or not to exceed !yoa,U00.
I understand that to be correct.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes. sir.
Mr. IIENi) RICKS. 1 ask the Senator when
the Paul Jones's machinery was built.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot slate precisely when
it was built.
Mr. GRIMES. The Paul Jones was built
■some time before the contract was made for
these other vessels. The engines of these other
vessels, for which SP2,000 was contracted to be
paid, were considerably heavier than that of
the Paul Jones.
Mr. CLARK. That was precisely the point
to "which 1 desired to bring attention. These
men complain that they supposed the engines
they were to build were to be about the weight
of the engine of the Paul Jones, and that they
cost more because they were heavier. Now,
the fact is that the machinery of the Paul Jones
cost §52.WO, or not exceeding £55,000, and the
Government gave from £7">.000 to 'pNO.OOO,,
$00,000, and out $100,000 for these engines
for the reason thai they were heavier.
Mr. GUI MKS. KiidiK-two thousand dollars.
Mr. CLARK. Eighty-two thousand dollars
for some, and some higher than that, I think.
Mr. GRIMES. Eighty-two thousand dol-
lars for those that were made on the model of
the Paul Jones.
Mr. CLARK. The same mcdj_'l. Now, it
is evident at once to the Senate that they had
their consideration for it, and they are not to
be allowed to come here and complain that the
engines were heavier than that of the Paul
Jones, when their price was proportionably
heavier. But I want to go along wiih these
hulls.
" That the contract price for each vessel was_$7f>,000
eacli, !sl 50.U0U. The total cost of both \ c^el.-, includ-
ing all extra work, ^lSO.-KU 41). That the re was paid
by the Government for extra work Irl0,al9_0';; allow-
ance made toriuateriai -oM after completion oi ves-
sel, $1,587 !I3; allowance made tor mateiial on hand
after completionof vessel. $1,300; uiakine atotal for
extras of S6. That tho total cost of both ves-
sels over and above the contract stipulations and
amounts paid by the bureau for extra work was
§17,221 54."
Precisely that sum is icported here ; for caeh
vessel $8,010 77 allowed by the board.
"The contractors for the steam machinery weie
allowed fifty days after the launching, in order to
erect it on board, which time expired m tho case of
the Agawam on June 10.1803, but that she was not
by them delivered to tho Government until Decem-
ber 9,1863, two hundred and thirty-two days."
Here is the point: here was this Govern-
ment engaged in blockading a coast many times
larger than ever had been attempted before;
they wanted the vessels, they contracted for
the vessels, they stipulated to have them at a
given time; but these people did not deliver
them^for more than a year afterward, some six
months, some nine months, some twelve months
after they had agreed to deliver them ; and all
that, time prices were rising; and now they
come in here and ask us to pay, not for the ves-
sels at the contract price after that time, but
to pay for all the extras they were put to by
reason of their delay. After so long a time
elapsed beyond tho time at which the vessels
were to be completed, if the Government had
said, "We will not lake these vessels; we wanted
them for blockading the coast; but you did not
furnish them in time; the war is well-nigh
toward its end ; we will not take them," could
these contractors have complained? But the
Government did not say that. The Govern-
ment said, " AVe will take the vessels ; we will
pay you the price which we stipulated, even at
this late dayand yet these contractors are
not content. They want the Government not
only to pay llieni the pricc which it agreed to
pay. nine months or a year after the time had
elapsed, when it had been denied the use of
the vessels, but also to pay the extra price
which arose by the enhancement of labor and
materials while they were thus delaying.
" And in the ease of tho Pontoosuc, instead of tho
m a cli in cry being completed on July 9,1SG3, when tho
titty days expired '—
'Two years nearly before the war closed—
" was delayed until May 10,1SG4, or throe han-
dled and ^ixly-ono days."
That was within less than a year of the time
of the surrender of Lee. She was detained
for the want of the machinery three hundred
and sixty-one days, only four days less than a
year, enhancing the price of the hull, which we
are obliged to pay, depiiving the Government
of the use of the vessel, and then calling upon
us to pay this enhanced price. Does the Sen-
ator 11 om Indiana think that quite right? [
will ask him, then, to turn with mo over to
pages Hi and 17, and let us see about the ma-
chinery for tho Pontoosuc and the Agawam.
"Appealed before the board Edward II. Davis,
ti ea^ui ei nt tile l'ori land C'ompanv , Portland. M amc,
on the pait nt the company, contractors for the ma-
clinieiy of the double-endcis^'ontoosuo and A'.ot-
v,-am. Vnder oath ptute^, t bat the conn act for tluse
vessel? vvas dated, by tho Navy Dcpaitmcnt, August
30,1802"—
A little more than a year after tho war com-
menced—
"in which thevwere allowed one and a half month
from Api il 21. 1X63. t he time of iccen ing the hull oi
the AiMw.un fio.n Iho buildcif-, to complete the nm-
ehinerv /,! said ve-~el, and one and a half month
from May 20,1803, the time of icceiving the hull of
the f'oiifoosuc tiom the builders, to complete the
ititK-liiiicry of sokl vcs'cIh and deliver them to tho
Government: but the Agawam was not so completed
rind delivered until November SU, tho Pontoixsuc
until April 1-1, lytii."
Now, r ask the LSenator's attention particu-
larly to this part of the report, if lie will gtve
it to ine, to what these people say themselves
in regard to it:
" The pj ineipnl causc of delay wa-< fiom the diffi-
culty of the wak, and heiiitf unprepaied 1'or tho
manui.i'Jnro of mar.ne enamcs, the work-? having
been emplo\ed, pieviouc to making this conhaet, in
the building <>1 locomotive.* principally; labor was
obtained with difficulty, and >vhcn obtained, of an
interior kind."
Here is this very remarkable statement—I
invite the attention of the Senate to it—that
these men undertook work which ihoy were not
prepared for, which they were not skilled in>
which they found to he difficult, a,nd for winch
their shop was not prepared, and they were
thn«s delayed tw o hundred and seventy and three
hundred and sixty days in the two cases by
their own inability |ind want of preparation lor
the work which they undertook; and yet. they
come forward snd ask you to p&y them ^40^000
