1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3181
the relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other punjsoses. It is important to act upon
this measure, and I hope the Senate will in-
dulge me in this request.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that tho con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until Tues-
day next, and be made the special order for
that day, at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, to
that motion if it is understood that I shall be
at liberty on that day to call up the Army appro-
priation bill. It has been understood that that
day would be devoted to finishing the Army
appropriation bill and getting it out of the way.
Mr. WILSON. I think we can arrange
that matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; then I have
no objection to the motion.
The motion was agreed to by a two-thirds
vote.
UNION PACIFIC RA.IL110AD.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
hill No. 317, to amend the Pacific railroad act.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 317) to amend an act
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to tho
Pacific ocean, and to secure'to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes,' approved July 1, 1802,"
approved July 2, 180-i.
It proposes to authorize the Union Pacific
Railway Company, eastern division, (now con-
structing a road from the Missouri river to as
to unite with the Union Pacific railroad at tho
one hundredth meridian of west longitude, or
at such point westwardlv as may bo deemed
best upon actual survey.) to designate the gen-
eral route of their road, and to file a map
thereof, as now required by law, at any time
before the 1st day of October, 1SliO; and upon
the filing of the map, showing the general route
of tho road, the lands along the entire line
thereof, so far as the same may be designated,
are to be reserved from sale by order of the
Secretary of the Interior.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad had
reported the bill with several amendments, the
first of which was to strike- out the following
words, after the word '' division'' in line three :
Row constructing a road from the Missouri river
so as to unite with the Union Pacific railroad at the
' onclnmdiedth meridianofwest longitude, oralsuch
point westwardly as.maybe deemed best upon actual
Survey by the said company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten to strike
out " October" and insert "December."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing proviso, after the word "Interior," in
line fifteen :
Provided, That said company shall bo entitled to
only the fame amount of tho bonds of tho United
States to aid in tho constmetfon of their line of rail-
road and telegraph as they would have been entitled
to if they had connected their said lint with tho
Union Pacific railroad on the one hundredth decree
of lon?itud"e, as now required by law: Andprovided
further, That said company shall connect, i heir line
of railroad and telegraph with the Union Pacific
railroa.d, but not at a point more than fifty miles west-
wardly from the meridian of Denver, in Colorado.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as additional section:
Sec. 2. And be it furtlUr enactrd, That the Union
Pacific ll.tilroad Company, with the consent and ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior, without refer -
encetothe onchundredth meiidian of longitude, arc
hereby authorized to continue their road westward,
according to the best and most practicable route, in
a continuous and unbroken lino until they shall meet
and connect with the Central Pacific railroad; and
the Central Pacific Railroad Company are hereby
aut hori ■/'''f 1 to continue their road eastward, accord-
ing to the best and ino4 practicable route, in a con-
tinuous and unbroken line until they shall meet and
connect with the Union Pacilic raiiroad: Provided,
That the words "continuous and Unbroken lino"
shall not be held to include ne^essaiy bridges and
tunnels on the routes of said roade.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do not know that I
understand this precisely. There is a confusion
of terms, to my mind, in tho names of these
roads. It looks to me as if this section would
have the effect of legalizing the building of two
railroads entirely across the country. The sec-
tion first speaks of "the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company." What company is that?
Mr. HOWARD. The route of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company commences on the
one hundredth meridian of longitude and goes
westwardly until it shall unite with the Califor-
nia Central Pacific Railroad Company on the
eastern boundary of California, or at sonfe
point east of that boundary. That is what we
call the main stem."
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Then I see a provision
in regard to "the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, eastern division." What is that?
Mr. HOWARD. That is known as the Kan-
sas branch. It is operating under a charter
granted by the State of Kansas, and to that
company-the Government has granted land and
subsidy to enable thorn to construct the road.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. 1 should be glad to have
this section explained: "that the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, with the* consent and
approval of the Secretary of tile Interior, with-
out reference to the one hundredth meridian
of longitude, are hereby authorized to con-
tinue their road westward according to the best
and most practicable route" "until they shall
meet and connect with the Central Pacific rail-
road." And the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany are authorized to come eastward lo con-
nect with the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. Are they not already authorised to do
that?
Mr. HOWARD. I will stato«to the Senator
from Iowa what the law is on that subject. By
the act of 1801, amending the Pacific railioad
charter of 1802, it was pio\ided : "that should
the Central Pacific Railioad Company of Cal-
ifornia"—that is, the company chartered by
California with rights and privileges to enable
it to construct a railroad in that State to tho
eastern boundary of California—"complete
their line to tho eastern line of the State of
California before the line of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company shall have been extended
westward so as to meet, the line of said first-
named company, said first-named company may
extend their line of road eastward one hundred
and fifty miles on the established route, >.<) as
to meet and connect with the line of the Union
Pacific road."
The Senator will perceive that by this clause
of the amendatory act of 1804 the right is given
to the California Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany to extend its line into the Territories of
the United States to a distance of one hundred
and fifty miles east of the eastern line of the
State of California, but not beyond one hun-
dred and fifty miles; there they will have lo
stop their road. The object of this provision
is to enable the California company to proceed
eastvvardly with that line of railroad until it
shall meet the main stem in its progress west-
ward. although it may bo necessary, perhaps,
for the California company to build their road
for a distance of more than one hundred and
fifty miles east of the eastern line of the State
of California. In short, it is to open a com-
petition between these two companies, the
Union Pacific Railroad Company and the Cal-
ifornia Central Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. CRIMES. A connection, you mean.
Mr. HOWARD. A competition to see which
shall build the road the fastest; but they are
required to meet and form one continuous
line.
Mr. K1RKWOOD. But the first clause of
the section says that the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, with the consent and approval of the
Secretary of the Interior, without reference
to the one hundredth meridian of longitude,
may continue their road westward according
to the best and most practicable route. What
does that language mean?
Mr. RAMSEY. They arc now required to
meet the main line at the one hundredth meri-
dian. This is to allow them to go to Djnver.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I understand that the
one hundredth meridian line is the initial
point. That is the eastern terminus.
Mr. HOWABD. If the Senaior wishes to
strike out that language I have no particular
objection. I see, however, that the Senator
from California is now in his seat, and perhaps
he had better give this matter his attention.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. In the latter part of
the section, the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany are authorized to continue their road
eastwardly according to the best and most
practicable route. That, I suppose, is with-
out reference to the route selected by the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, or approved
by the Secretary of the Interior. They may
go where they please without asking the au-
thority of Congress or the Secretary of -the
Interior or anybody.
Mr. HOWARD. They are bound by the
provisions of*tho law, of course, and they are
required to meet and connect with the Union
line and form a continuous line. There is no
uncertainty about it.
- Mr. KIRKWOOD. It looks to me very
much as if the effect of all this would be to
'leave the location of this line wholly outside
of the control of Congress, the Secretary of
the Interior, or anybody else exei^it the com-
panies who may be engaged in building it.
Mr. CONN ESS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the House joint reso-
lution (No. 52) to provide for the expenses
attending the exhibition of the products of the
imlustiy of the United States at the Exposi-
tion at Paris in 1807.
Mr. MORRILL. Isnot theDistrict ofColum-
bia business the regular order?
Mr. HOWARD. I suggest to my friend
from Maine that we shall probably gel through
with this railroad bill in a few minutes, if he
will allow us to proceed. I leave it to him
entirely.
Mr. MORRILL. That does not seem to be
the difficulty.
Mr. POME ROY, I think we might take
the vote in a very few minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand the order
called up to be tho resolution that the Senator
from New York has charge of. I dislike ex-
tremely lo make a motion to lay that resolu-
tion aside, but 1 feel compelled to do so. It
will be remembered that yesterday the Sen-
ate passed a resolution assigning to-day for the
consideration of the business of the Distiict of
Columbia. I know the business of this Dis-.
trict has been, 1 hardly ought to say neglected,
but has been accumulating on our hands hero
for a long time, and I have been seeking an
opportunity most vigilantly for its disposition.
It was the sense of the Senate yesterday that
we should occupy to-day in that business, and
although I am reluctant to antagonize with tho
unfinished business, I think it my duty on the
whole to submit the question to the judgment
of the Senate whether 1 shall go on or the Sen-
ator from New York, and for that purpose I
submit a motion that the pending question
day.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Senator from
Maine will not press that motion. I am per-
suaded, fromVvhat I know from the correspond-
ence that has taken place in reference to this
Paris Exhibition, that there is up one measure
pending before Congress which is suffering so
much from delay as this and upon which it is
so important to have speedy action as on this
measure. I will say to the Senator from Maine
that if this joint resolution in relation to the
Paris Exhibition should take more than an
hour, I will not struggle against his bringing up
his special order; but I hope he will allow
action to be taken now upon tnis unfinished
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
