1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4143.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say to the
Senator from Maine that that was the speech
I rose to make. [Laughter.]
Mr. FBSSENDEN. It is a very good speech.
If yot/ivould only always make as good ones,
you would do very well. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUCKALEW. I rise for the purpose
of proposing a modification or two before the
vote is taken, not to speak. On the fourth page
of the amendment, in the twenty-second line,
after the word (4 person," I move to insert
"other than Senator."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The modification can be made
by unanimous consent, no amendment being
in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This amendment will
narrow the requirement of a regular requisi-
tion for articles to the officers and other per-
sons besides Senators. That was the leading
design, of course, of this section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modi-
fication will be made if no objection be inter-
posed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest also to the
chairman to omit the latter part of the third
section commencing with the word "said," in
the seventh line, authorizing this agent to em-
ploy horses and contract to carry the mails.
The sum total of expenditure under that head
is not very considerable, and although I agree
with the Senator in the opinion that it might be
well enough to bring that subject under the
general purview of the section, it is not mate-
rial, and as it is a matter of debate it had best
be omitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That further
amendment will be made if there be no objec-
tion. Is there any objection?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will make'no objec-
tion to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modi-
fication is made.
Mr. B UCKALEW. I believe these were two
of the main points of the amendment which
were objected to by the Senator from Illinois,
and upon which he made his speech. _ There
remains no other particular feature which lias
elicited debate, except the provision in the first
section by which we secure system and reform
in the purchases of this body. When the com-
mittee made up their minds to suggest this
change to the Senate they expected it to be
opposed. No reform of the kind was ever in-
troduced and carried without a contest; it is
against the nature of things and against the
experience of legislative bodies; but there are
two facts which will arrest attention and ought
to command votes; in the first place, that under
the existing laws and the uniform practice of
this Senate down until a very recent period the
Secretary of this body was charged with these
duties connected with purchases as well as with
the disbursement of funds. 1 have in my table
papers made out by our late Chief Clerk, Mr.
Hickcy, which demonstrate it, if anything can
be demonstrated by argument and by an appeal
to past facts. I have also here a letter from the
late Vice President, whose verbal authority to
the Scrgeaut-at-Arms was relied upon as the
foundation of his habit of making purchases
recently, in which he disclaimed altogether
having, as the Presiding Olficer of this body,
vested in him any control over the subject, and
in which he explains the circumstance upon
which this pretension was founded. He states
that upon some former occasion—his letter is
here—he was spoken to by the Sergeant-at-
Arms with reference to some changes in, I
think, the galleries, and also in one of the
rooms, and in reply to that officer he remarked
that those things ought to be done and he would
approve of them. If there was any authority,
it was slight indeed, none in law, and if he gave
any ho withdrew it in this letter, which was writ-
ten in September, 1861. However, sir, I will
not go through with that.
I understand, then, the law to be—the for-
mer statutes are alluded to in the argument
which 1 have mentioned—and the uniform prac-
tice of the Senate from the beginning until very
recently has been, that the Secretary of this
body is chargcd with this whole duty from be-
ginning to end, all sorts of purchases. Now,
then, the question with the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses, as dispute and debate had
arisen is, what shall they do? If you leave it
as it was, they must say hereafter, if they are
brought to the strict point, and the Secretary
of the Senate makes the point, that no pur-
chases will be legal under the law and under
the practice of the Senato except purchases
made by the Secretary, That is where you
leave tlie subject if you do not adopt our amend-
ment.
I wish to add but one remark. I know the
Senate is impatient,, and I am very sorry to
occupy their time; but 1 consider that as this
subject was charged upon our committee by a
special reference of the Senate, wo are entitled
to be heard so far as to understand the prop-
osition which we have made.
These duties are extensive; these purchases
are large ; tliey are various things; they will
occupy the whole time and attention and abil-
ity of a good ofliccr. You cannot charge
these duties upon our Secretary. lie does not
discharge them, lie cannot discharge them.
You cannot charge these duties upon the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. He is overcharged with em-
ployment now. Ho has thirty or forty officers
under him, he attends to the post office, lie
lias superintendence over the folding-room,
over the document-room, and over the build-
ing generally, besides the furnaces and the
ventilation of this building. His duties are of
that character that they absorb his whole time
and attention and withdraw him from our
Chamber. I do not complain of his absence,
because these duties are sufficient to occupy
his whole time and attention. It would there-
fore be unwise and unreasonable, in my opin-
ion, to charge upon him these whole duties re-
lating to purchases. If we do not charge them
upon him he will have to turn them over to
another officer. I believe the amendment_we
have reported is a proper one, and therefore
I shall vote for it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am very sorry to detain
the Senate a moment; but as this is a bill to
raise compensation, and it is also a bill under
which if one person's compensation is raised
others who perform like duties also claim to
have their compensation raised, I desire to call
the attention of the Senato to the fact that there
are eight special and additional messengers
who have performed duty the same as those
provided for by law who are not paid, and
whose compensation is not increaseu by the
bill under consideration; and if it was in order
I should deem it my duty to offer an amend-
ment of this character:
Special or additional messengers of the Senate not
provided for iu this act shall rceoivo twenty-five per
cent, in addition to their present compensation.
I ask the Senator from Missouri to permit
that amendment to go into his bill to provide
for the eight additional messengers who have
been appointed from session to session for
many years. They are now upon duty here,
and have been during this whole session.
Mr. HENDERSON. Whore employed?
Mr. SPRACTJE. T do not know where;
but the Sergcant-at-Arms says they are here.
1 have a memorandum. ''The additional mes-
sengers are not affected by the bill of Mr. Wade
or Mr. Hexdersojt ;" so that there are eight of
these gentlemen who have served the Senate
faithfully, as faithfully as any that are provided
for in this bill, that do not, under the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses, receive compensation; _ and I hope,
therefore, the Senator will permit this amend-
ment to be made.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not aware of
the fact that there were any additional messen-
gers. The committee undertook to define the
number of these officers, so that we could get
rid of a difficulty upon this subject. Wherever
an officer wants to employ additional men some-
how or other he finds authority, and wo thought
we would get rid of that thing and define the
exact number of officers. We did not know
that there were eight additional messengers,
and we do not know where they are employed.
If they are employed, I have no objection to
increasing their compensation along with the
others; and if the Senator will so modify his
amendment as to say, " any messengers who
may be employed under proper authority,'l I
shall not object; but I do not know under what
authority, and it seems he cannot tell me, these
messengers wore appointed. I know nothing
about it. If they nave been appointed, they
ought ,to be paid.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I can only say that these
additional messengers have been employed for
a good many Congresses, if not by law, by pre-
cedent, not alone by the present Sergeant-at-
Arms, but by his predecessor.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that he let it remain ana we will inquire
into it. We will take a vote now, and when
the bill comes into the Senate, I will look into
that matter and I will see Mr. Brown and see
if there are additional messengers. I have no
doubt we can confer and provide an amend-
ment to meet tho cases. _ Let my amendment
be voted upon now as it is.
Mr. HOWE. I want to inquire, simply, if the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri shall be adopted as an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, will this
be subject to amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
subject to amendment in the Senate, the Chair
understands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall cut the
knot by rejecting the whole. If we expect to
get through with this bill at this session it is
absolutely necessary that these subjects should
not go upon it. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin has given notice of what he will do if
this goes on; other Senators probably will do
similar things. It has already been suggested
to mo that the bill reorganizing the Treasury
Department ought to go on this bill. Wo shall
have, I suppose, then, the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] with_ a bill
reorganizing the War Department, with just as
much sense, and then the State Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will be got
off when we go into the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will stay on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We will try, anyhow.
Now, the question is, do the Senate mean to
finish or pass the bill at this session ? They
have already begun to see and to feel, I think,
the utter absurdity and folly of this kind of
legislation. It begins with one Senator; he
disapproves the principle, but lie lias some-
thing that must go on ; another Senator disap-
proves the principle ; ho does not like it, but
lie has something that must go on, and so we
load an appropriation bill down with these bills
that could not pass, perhaps, in any other way,
and make very had legislation. This bill should
go to the Ilouse to-morrow if we expect to pass it
at all during this session ; wo have fixed the day
of adjournment, and yet gentlemen persevere
in putting on these bills. I really hope that
the Senato will just vote down this and every-
thing connected with it, and also vote down all
other propositions of the kind if they expect to
get through. I appeal to the majority, if you
want to pass your appropriation bills during
this session before we adjourn, just assume the
position that you ought to assume and enforce
the rules and understanding in regard to these
bills and keep these extraneous matters off. I
have, so far as I have had a chance to vote when
1 have been able to be here, voted against the
whole of them, and I shall continue to do so,
because experience has satisfied me of their
utter impropriety and the embarrassment that
arises from them. Here we are, nearly at mid-
night, discussing this matter, and every other
thing that is offered will be discussed m the
same way. Now, I beg Senators not to say that
the chairman of the Committee on Finance is
manifesting his usual temper on this matter;
