1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Ohio [Mr. Schekck] in an independent bill.
At all events let us give the soldiers the benefit
of the provisions of this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Imustinsist onmymotion
to recommit. I know that in all business re-
lating to public affairs, when we fix a limit to
compensation or to salary, in every case the
charge goes up to that limit; and to pass this bill
would be equivalent to passing a bill allowing
ten dollars to claim agents in every case; at
least I feel very sure that it would operate in
that way.
I will still further modify the instructions
which I have moved so as to instruct the com-
mittee to amend the bill by introducing a sys-
tem of agencies in the several States. The
committee can then preserve the features of
this bill if they think proper to do so, so that
the soldier shall have his option to employ either
the agent of the United Slates or the agent that
he himself may select. But I do wish to ad-
vertise all the soldiers of all the United States
that the Government of the United States will
treat them just as some ofthe States have treated
the soldiers within their particular limits, and
will look to the collection of their claims against
the Government without cost to them, and with-
out any deduction for the expense of collection.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The same difficulty
will occur in relation to the modified instruc-
tions that attach to the original instructions;
that of getting an opportunity to report the bill
back again.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have great faith in the
diligence,"industry, and capacity of that com-
mittee, and I have no doubt that with a little
extra application they can produce a bill thus
amended, by the time the committee is again
caiieci
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There will bo 110
meeting of the committee before that time.
Mr. SCHENCK. A meetingof the committee
can be called for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now call the pre-
vious question.
Mr ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If I yield, the morn-
ing hour will expire.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
expire in about a minute.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon the
motion of Mr. Suhenck to recommit the bill
with instructions.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
44. noes 52.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SCHENCK called for the yeas and nays.
The question was upon ordering the yeas and
nays, and was taken; but before the result was
announced,
Mr. SClTEtSTCK called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has not the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has; but before it ex-
pired the House seconded the call for the pre-
vious question, and ordered the main question
to be now put, and the House is now engaged
in executing that order.
Tellers were ordered upon the call for the
yeas and nays; and Messrs. Sciiexck and Cook
were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thii ty-two.
That number being more than one fifth of the
number present, the yeas and nays were ac-
cordingly ordered.
The question was then taken: and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 70, nays G8, not
voting -15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Baxter, Bingham,
Blow, Brooks Lhickland, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cof-
froth, Cullom, Dcfreus, Delano. Doming, Denison,
Donnelly, Ki'lridu'c. H.irquhar, I'iiick, Glossbrenner,
Haves, liei-idorson, ITigby, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W.
>1 ubbnrd, John II. Hub bard, .1 Hnbbel!. Inter-
pol!, Kclky, Ko!'-o, Kerr, Kctcham, Kuvkendall, La-
tham, William Lawrence, Le Bioud, Loan, Lynch,
Marshall, Marston, McClurg, Miller, Newell, Nib-
laek, Nicholson, O'Noill. Orth, Plants, Raymond,
ltogers, ltoss, Rousseau, Sehenek, Shcllabarger, Sit-
freaves, Spalding, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor,
ohn tj. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn,
W ard. Henry D, Washburn, W elker, Whaley,Stephen
F.Wilson, and Winfield—70.
NAYS — Messrs'Alley, Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Bergen,
Bidwell, Boutwell.Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall.Ohan-
ler, Cobb, Conkliag, Cook, Barling, Davis, Dawson,
Dixon, Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Perry, Goodyear,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Holmes, ChesterD. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbcll,Hulbnrd, Jaraes
Humphrey, Jenckcs, Julian. Longyear, McKee, Mer-
our, Morrill, Morris,Paine, Patterson, Pcrham. Phelps,
Pike, Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
John II. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanklin, Sloan, Stevens, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Bart Van Horn,
Warner, William B. Washburn, "VVentworth, "Wil-
liam®. and James F. Wilson—G8.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Aneona, Barker,
Benjamin, Blaine, Brandcgee, Reader W. Clarke, Cul-
ver, Dawes, Dumont, Eekley, Eggleston, Garfield,
Grider. Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, AbnerC. Harding,
Hart, Hogan, Hotchkiss, James M. Humphrey, John-
son, Jones, Ka&son,Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Mar-
vin, MeOullough, Melndoe, McRuer, Moorhoad,
Moulton, Myers, Nocll, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Smith,Taber,Trimble, ElihuB.Washbume,
Windom, Woodbridge, and Wright—45.
So the motion to refer the bill with instruc-
tions was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsidcr be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tost route.
Mr. DEFREES, by unanimous consent,, in-
troduced a bill to establish a post route ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Itoads.
leave 01? absence.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask leave of absence
for my colleague, Mr. fixck, for two weeks.
Leave was accordingly granted.
willi am a. west.
Mr. STROUSE. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on Territories a joint, resolution
(H. K. No. 79) authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to settle the accounts of William
A.West, as marshal of the Territory of Nevada.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary cf the Interior to settle the ac-
counts of William A. West, as late marshal
of the Territory of Nevada, on the basis of
allowing and crediting him the expenditures
which are certified to be correct, by the chief
justice or either one of the associate judges of
that Territory at the time such expenditures
are stated to have been made, and to pay him
the amount found to be due, provided that it
shall not exceed the sum of $4,400.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I object.
k.tui1ts of citizens.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. CI) entitled
"'Ail act to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights and furnish the means
of their vindication;" on which Mr. Bkoomall
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, In some
remarks which I had the honor to offer in the
House a few weeks ago I said that "the Gov-
ernment of the United Slates above all other
duties owes it to itself andto humanity to guard
the rights of those who in the midst of rebellion
periled their lives and fortunes for its honor,
of whatever caste or lineage they bo," and "that
no system of reconstruction ought to be con-
sidered unless it shall effectually guaranty the
rights of the Union men of the South."
Everything that has transpired since then,
from all departments of the Government, sat-
isfies me thai these, our southern allies in the
war waged to preserve the existence of the na-
tion, have nothingto trust to except the integ-
rity and firmness of the Union majority in the
two Houses of Congress. That majority, through
its appropriate committees, presents the bill un-
der consideration as one of the measures on
which it relies to carry out its great and patriotic-
purpose.
The object of the bill is twofold—to declare
who are citizens of the United States, and to
secure them the protection which every Gov-
ernment owes to its citizens. It will hardly
be said that these are not proper subjects of
legislation, and especiafly the latter one. If
the same thing has not been attempted before,
it was partly because there never before was
the same necessity, and partly because of the
long continued and remarkable forbearance
of those for whom what necessity there was
existed.
The first provision of the bill declares that
all persons born in the United States and not
subject to any foreign Power are_citizens of the
United States. As a positive enactment this
would hardly seem necessary. Even as a dec-
laration of existing law, a proposition that at
most can only be said to embrace the true
meaning of the word " citizen" would seem to
find its more appropriate place in the element-
ary treatises upon law rather than upon the
statute-books. What is a citizen but a human
being who by reason of his being born within
the jurisdiction of a Government owes alle-
giance to that Government?
But modern Democratic political science dis-
covered and promulgated the dogma that this is
the country of the white man, and that no other
man has rights here which the white man is
bound to respect. When, therefore, this pe-
culiar science culminated in an attempt to
overthrow the Government, and was itself
overthrown, it is as well that a return to the
principles of the founders of the Government
should be made manifest to future generations
by a declaration upon the statute-books.
The objection to this part of the bill is that
it calls the negro a citizen. And why should
it not? Civilized man must of necessity be a
citizen somewhere. Ho must owe allegiance
to some Government. There is some spotupon
the earth's surface upon which it is possible for
him to commit treason. Now, the negro in
America is civilized. Ask the minister of re-
ligion where lie finds the most sincere devotion,
the school-teacher where he finds the greatest
desire to learn. Ask the very southern rebel,
whose representatives are most earnest against
the bill, whore he found the most implicit and
unquestioning obedience to law and order under
circumstances "hardly justifying the hope of
obedience to law ana order.
The American negro is civilized, and of neces-
sity must owe allegiance somewhere. And until
the opponents of this measure can point to the
foreign Power to whichhe is subject,the African
potentate to whom after five generations of
absence he still owes allcgiance, I will assume
him to be, what the bill calls him, a citizen of
the country in which ho was born.
Lot those who say with the air of such om-
nipotent authority that this is the country of
the white man, explain how it happened that
the Ruler of the universe suffered it to be oc-
cupied by the red man for countless ages of the
past. And then let them say, if they know,
whether it may not be His purpose to suffer some
small portion of it to be occupied by the black
man for countless ages of the future. No, our
country is the country of its inhabitants. Our
Government the Government of the governed.
But there is another class of persons born
within the limits of the United States whose
status requires fixing by legislation. I allude
to those who look upon themselves the respon-
sibilities and duties of allegiance to another
power; who forswore their citizenship and
allegiance. There is nothing in our form of
government, nothing in our institutions that
contradicts the right of expatriation. True,
that right is not anywhere expressly granted,
but our naturalization laws are founded upon
the idea that such right is inherent in men,
and I believe this is true.
Most certainly if the confederation had sus-
tained itself its citizens would have ceased to
be citizens of the United States, and by a pro-
cess that would have related back to^the very
commencement of the rebellion. Now, the
fact that it did not sustain itself was the result
of no merit of these men. They did all they
could to succeed. As far as intention is con-
