198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
through the Legislature of Virginia. Although
James Madison was President of the United
States for eight years, never did he attempt to
promulgate or indoctrinate into the country or
his party any such creed or dogma as has been
advocated here by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania. If Madison, whose mem-
ory is now enshrined upon the highest pinacle
of fame, in speaking of the mass of citizens in
the letter which the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] has read, intended
to include the colored race, he was false to his
principles for advocating the doctrine that this
was a white man's Government solely, when he
was placed in the presidential chair by a very
large majority of the States and people. The
honorable gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
says the Constitution seems to invite the pas-
sage of this bill and a general law giving ne-
groes all political rights demanded by the rad-
icals in power.
T think it will not be seriously denied by any
of the honorable gentlemen on the other side
of the House (for whom 1 have as much re-
spect as for gentlemen upon this side, only dis-
agreeing with them in politics) that the 'men
who founded our Government and proclaimed
their independence of Great Britain, or when
they framed the Constitution, never intended,
by any word or letter, to countenance the idea
that the Constitution should be at some time
changed, or a law passed so as to allow to the
race thou held in bondage, of whom the pres-
ent race are the descendants, the exercise of
the highest political function that can be given
to any man upon earth. I cannot svmpalhiz.0
with the spirit of sarcasm and disparagement
in which the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Sl'ofikijJ] spoke of the ''mere
dropping of a slip of paper in a box," ridicul-
ing the high perogative which the political sys-
tem of this country has given to the masses,
rich and poor, to exercise the right of suifrage
and declare, according to the honest convic-
tions of their hearts, who shall be the officers to
rule over them. There is no privilege so high;
there is no right so grand. It lies at the very
foundation of this Government; and when you
introduce into the social system of this country
the right of the African race to compete at the
ballot-box with the intelligent white citizens of
this country yon aie disturbing and embitter-
ing the whole social system ; you rend the bonds
of a common political lailli; you break up com-
mercial intercourse and the free interchanges
of trade, and you degrade the people of this
country before the eyes of the envious mon-
archs of Europe, and fill our history with a
record of degradation and shame.
Why, then, should we attempt at this time to
inflict the system of negro suffrage upon those
who happen to be so unfortunate as to reside
in the District of Columbia. This city bears
the name o( George Washington, the father of
our country ; and as it v,-as founded by him, so
I wish to hand it down to those who shall come
after us, preserving that principle which de-
clares that the sovereignty is in the white peo-
ple of the country, for whose benefit this Gov-
ernment was established. I am not ready to
believe that those men who have laid down
their lives in the battles of the late revolution,
who came from their homes like the torrents
that sweep over their native hills and mount-
ains, those men who gathered round the sa-
cred precincts of the tomb of Washington to
uphold and perpetuate our proud heritage of
liberty, intended to inflict upon the people of
thisDistrict, or of this laud, the monstrous doc-
trine of political equality of the negro race with
the white at the ballot-box.
-Vo such dogma as this was ever announced
bv the Republican party in their platforms.
\\ hen that party met at Chicago, in 1860, they
tooiv pains to enunciate the grcafc principle of
ernment which underlies the institutions
of this country that each State has the right
to control its own domestic policy aceordin"to
its own judgment exclusively. I ask the <*en-
tlemen on the other side of the House to allow
the people of the District of Columbia to exer-
cise the same great right of self-government ;
to determine by their votes at the ballot-box
whether they desire to inagurate a system of
political equality with the colored people of the
District.
Self-government was the great principle wdiieh
impelled our fathers to protest against the pow-
ers of King George. That was the principle
which led the brave army of George Washing-
ton across the ice of the river Delaware. It was
the principle which struck a successful blow
against despotism and planted liberty upon this
continent. It was the principle that our fathers
claimed the Parliament of England had no right
to invade, and drove the colonies into rebellion,
because laws were passed without their consent
by a Parliament in which they were unrepre-
sented.
I am here to-day to plead for the white peo-
ple of this District, upon the same grounds
taken by our fathers to the English Parliament,
in favor of self-government and the right of
the people of the District to be heard upon this
all-important question. Although we may have
a legal, yet we have no moral, right, according
to the immutable principles of justice, and ac-
cording to the declaration of Holy Writ, that
we should do unto others as we would they
should do unto us, to inflict upon the people of
this District this fiendish doctrine of political
equality with a race that God Almighty never
intended should stand upon an equal footing
with the white man and woman in social or
civil life.
Mr. DIUGGS. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question, if the gentleman will permit
me.
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. DIUGGS. I understood the gentleman
to eulogize James Madison upon the ground
that he opposed centralization of power as ad-
vocated by John Adams. I should like, to ask
the gentleman how he stands now with regard to
reconstruction. Is he in favor of centralization
of power in the President, or of extending the
power to Congress?
Mr. ROGERS. I am opposed to centrali-
zation of power in the hands of Congress or in
the hands of the President. I believe that this
is not a national Government, but that it is a
Federal Government. I know that it has not
a oneness or singleness of power like the Aus-
trian and Russian Governments; and any man
who will look at the history of the country and
the Constitution of the land must know that all
power not delegated to the General Govern-
ment is, under our political system, reserved to
the several States. Power in our Federal sys-
tem is plural, and is as many as there are States.
In our State systems it is also plural, and is as
many as there are people. The whole people
are the sovereign power of a Stale. The States
arc the sovereign power of the Federal Govern-
ment, and by them only is the Federal Govern-
ment carried on. Without them an officer of
the Government cannot be elected. A majority
of the people of a State can elect officers, as,
for instance, a Governor, but a majority of the
whole people may not be able to elect a Presi-
dent. If the rights of the States are taken away
this then becomes a national and not a Federal
Government. It may then consolidate power
and become an imperial despotism. It may
then exercise power equal to that of the Czar
of Russia or the Emperor of France.
It is easy to prove that this is a Government
of the States and not of the people. A majority
of the people of the United States cannot even
elect a President of the United States. Why?
Because our fathers in the formation of the Con-
stitution, wanted to throw all the safeguards
possible around the. States, and to preserve the
powers they had not delegated to the Federal
Government. The rights not granted to the
Federal Government are reserved to the States
or the peopK In order to elect a President of
the United States, he must have a majority of
the electoral votes of the States. A majority
of the people maybe in favor of a man for the
Presidency, and yet h<> may be defeated upon
the great principle of Stare sovereignty. It
is the foundation-stone of the whole fabric of
our Government. It all rests upon the inalien- ~
able rights of the several States. The party who
insist here that the States are not supreme in the
exercise of undelegated powers, and assert that
all of the powers of the States are subservient
to congressional legislation, ought to call down
upon its head the indignation of every lover of
his country.
Look, too, at the election of a President by
the House of Representatives. If you look at
the Constitution, you will find that when the
election is referred to the House of Represent-
atives each State is entitled to only one vote.
If there be thirty-six States, and nineteen con-
tain only one quarter of the voting population
of the Union, their votes in the House of Rep-
resentatives will elect the President, although
the seventeen States against him contain three
fourths of the voting population. And upon the
same principle of State sovereignty is a Vice
President elected when the election is in the
Senate. This was made a Governm ent of States
because the founders of the Government saw
that it was necessary to prevent the repetition
of the same tyrannical power which England
exercised toward the colonies. It was to pre-
serve and to perpetuate liberty and the great
doctrine of self-government. It is a Federal and
nota national Government, because no amend-
ment can be made to the Constitution except
by the States, and though four fifths of the peo-
ple in mass in the whole Union should vote to
amend it, yet it provides no amendment can be
made unless three quarters of the States, through
the exercise of sovereign power and as States,
adopt it. There is no otficer whose election
depends upon more than one State that can in
any way be elected but by the sovereign States.
In our intercourse with foreign countries we act
in the capacity of a nation for commerce and
common defense; but in our domestic charac-
ter, in our intercourse with each other, v.Te are
many nations. The Federal Government is su-
preme and sovereign in the powers delegated to
it by the States; and the States are supreme and
sovereign tti their reserved or undelegated pow-
ers. The words majority and minority do not
apply to the whole people in mass, but only to
the States. T,o prove that this is a Government
of States I need only refer to the census up to
the fifth census.
When the Federal Government was organ-
ized in 1780, there were eleven States, having
fifty-nine Representatives, of which four States
had thirty-two, while the other seven had but
twenty-seven ; and yet this minority of the peo-
ple could elect a President and control all the
powers of the Federal Government.
By the first census in 1790 four States had
a population of 1,710,000. The other seven
had a population of 3,390,000. The minority
had eighteen in the Senate over the majority.
By the second census in 1800 the whole pop-
ulation was 4,2-17,000, of which four States
had 2,228,000. The other twelve States had
2,021,000. The four States had a majority of
the whole people, but had only eight votes in
the Senate and eighty-two for President, while
the minority had twenty-four votes in the Sen-
ate and ninety-one for the President.
At the third census in 1800 there were seven-
teen Slates, with a population of 5,705,000. of
which four States had 2,9-18,000. The other
thirteen had only 2,717.000. Still the majority
had but eight votes in the Senate and one hun-
dred and one for President, while ihe minority
had twenty-six votes in the Senate and one hun-
dred and fourteen for Pre=idenl.
By the census in 182!) six States had a pop-
ulation of 4,109,000. The other eighteen had
8,057,000. While six States had a majority of
542,000 of the people, yet they had only twelve
votes in the Senate and one hundred and tweulv-
six for President, while the minority had thirty-
six votes in the Senate and one hundred and
thirty-five for President.
By the fifth census six States had a popula-
tion of 5,535,000, while the other eighteen had
but n, 31], 000. The majority still had but
twelve votes in the Senate and one hundred and
