i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
thirty-six for President, while the minority had
thirty-six Senators and one hundred and fifty-
three votes for President.
Each man had a right to the pursuit of life,
liberty, and happiness, and no construction can
be given to the Constitution rationally and con-
sistent with justice, that if a State gives up cer-
tain of its powers to an agent, it thereby gives
the agent sovereign power in matters not dele-
gated.
Mr. MOULTON. I understand the gentle-
man to say that this is a Federal rather than a
national Government, and he undertakes to
illustrate liis position by reference to the elec-
tion of President. I would like to ask him, sup-
posing we change the Constitution so that the
President shall be elected directly by the peo-
ple, what sort of a Government would that be—
Federal or national?
Sir. ROGERS. It would be purely a na-
tional government with regard to elections of a
President and leave the Federal system remain-
ing in the other matters, so that the Government
would be both national and Federal, mostly na-
tional. It would not be really a Federal Gov-
ernment, because it would not have all the
attributes of a confederacy. There would not
be power on the part of the State to control the
electidn of Federal officers against a majority
of the people. A majority of the people in
other words could control the States in such an
election. I hold that a State under the Federal
system has the right to exercise its powers as a
State. And no other State has aright to enter
the eminent domain and jurisdiction of that
State and take away one single undelegated
power.
Mr. SMITH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. If, in flie adoption of the
constitutional amendment prohibiting slavery
throughout the United States, all the States had
agreed to it but Kentucky, and she refused to
abide by the amendment, would she, therefore,
be entitled to hold slaves?
Mr. ROGERS. I have not the least doubt
that, according to the intent of this system, ac-
cording to the spiiit and letter of the Constitu-
tion, there is no power in the Federal Govern-
ment, or in all the States but one, that can take
away one single undelegated power without the
consent of that State. In other words, a State
is entitled to a Governor, to a Legislature, and
to hold courts, as'" undelegated or reserved
rights; and thirty-five States have no right, by
an amendment to the Constitution, to take away
that right which exists in that State individually.
Admit that power, and you make the' Federal
Government supreme and unlimited, with the
consent of three quarters of the States, even
though it may rob the States of all their sov-
ereign power. I am perfectly clear upon that
point—that the States have some rights of their
own; that in regard to everything relating to
their eminent domain they have sovereign juris-
diction, and the Federal Government is sov-
ereign and supreme in regard to everything dele-
gated to it by the States, namely, upon every
express and necessarily implied power in that
Constitution for the purpose of carrying into
effect the spirit and intent of the Constitution.
And whenever'the Federal Government, through
an amendment to the Constitution, as it is
termed, attempts to destroy that great principle
of the sovereignty of a State, and deprive it of
its reserved powers, it is usurpation and tyranny,
and ought to be met by all the force of the State
government that it can command.
Mr. DBMING. Mr. Speaker, I would like to
ask the gentleman if he remembers a citation
which Mr. Cox quoted at the last session from
Mr. Calhoun, wherein the latter affirms that in
the adoption of the Federal Constitution the
States have parted with their sovereignty to three
fourths of the States in which the highest prin-
ciple of sovereignty known to this Constitution
existed.
Mr. ROGERS. T understand the doctrine of
John C. Calhoun to have been partly as the gen-
"tleman states and partly not. It is this : that
the States gave up to three quarters of theitnum-
ber everything that was within the spirit, letter,
and intent of the constitutional power given to
the F ederal Government, and that upon no other
power could an amendment be made; and that
when a so-called amendment was attempted to
be made to the Constitution, which was a sup-
plement and not an amendment, it was an organic
act which required the consent of every State
in the Union.
Mr. DEMIN G. The great principle of safety
against all these amendments which have been
supposed—for instance, an amendment intro-
ducing a monarchical system in this country—
depends on the voice of the majority required to
carry it out. In the first place we must have
two thirds of the two Houses, and we must have
three quarters of the States. AV"e must have the
people wh<5 elect the Representatives to this
House, as they elect representatives to the State
Legislatures, to ratify and affirm the instrument.
And the whole system is disorganized when you
propose an amendment of that character—that
is, a monarchical amendment—and the people
have gone over body and soul to monarchy.
Mr. ROGERS. Doesthegentleman hold that
an amendment can be made to the Constitution
of the United States by three fourths of the States
and two thirds of both Houses of Congress that
will take away the Legislature, Governor, and
courts, and all the sovereign powers of any one
State?
Mr. DEMING. I hold to the absolute power
of making amendments to the Constitution ex-
cept in the cases restricted, and our safety is
the people; because when 1he people get so
thoroughly disorganized as to ratify and adopt
any such amendment as that introducing a mo-
narchical system we are all gone. *
Mr. ROGERS. Does^the gentleman then
hold that amendments can be carried on to an
unlimited extent, except in one thing—with re-
gard to representation in the United States Sen-
ate—and that that exception proves the rule;
and because that exception is there, in all other
matters amendments may be made?
Mr. I)EM1 Nf<. i hold to the absolute power
of the two bodies and of the States to make
amendments to the Constitution, and lreiterate
that, our safety against these amendments sup-
posed is in the people.
Mr. ROGERS. This brings me to another
suggestion that more strongly fortifies the ar-
gument I have made, and which suggestion was
not at any time made in the discussion of the
question about amendments of the Constitution
last winter. If I understand the gentleman, he
takes the ground that because the Constitution
of the United Stales provides that it shall not
be amended in one particular—with regard to
representation in the Senate—that exception
proves the rule ; that because that exception to
the power of amendment is there, it shows
that the framors of the Constitution when they
formed it, and the States when they adopted it,
intended that it could be amended by three
fourths of the States so as to destroy and take
away every power reserved to the States and
which they had not delegated to their Federal
agent. Now, if that is the true construction
of the Constitution of the United States, then
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in the State of Maryland, and the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in South Carolina, and the decision of
the highest court of the United States in the
State of New York, that Government bonds
cannot be taxed because they arc used by the
Federal Government as a means to carry its
purposes into effcet, are false and erroneous.
The only limitation which the Constitution
placcs upon the power of taxation by a State
is that no duties shall be laid upon exports or
imports by a State except what may be abso-
lutely necessary for executing its own inspec-
tion laws; yet it was decided in the Bank case
in Maryland, Charleston case, and in the great
ease tried in New York by the court of appeals
without a dissenting voice, that although the
Constitution of the United States makes no ex-
ception to the power of any State to tax any-
thing of any character save in regard to duties
on exports and imports,yet the exception did not
prove the rule, and the State had nb'righttotfcs:?
the Federal bonds. Why, for the simple reason.*
that Federal bonds are one of the instrumental-
ities employed by the Federal Government to
carry its powers into operation. There is noth-
ing in theletter of the Constitution of the U nited
States that infringes in the least upon the right
of the several States of this Union to tax every
single Government bond which has been issued
here even upon a contract on the part of the' *
Government with the bondholder that the Gov-
ernment will not tax the bonds, (which contract
I deny;) yet it cannot be done, for the simple'
reason that this is an act within the sovereign
power of the Federal Government, is an act
within the sovereign power of Congress under,
the Constitution, is a weapon used, by the Fed-'
eral Government to defend itself and carry its
own powers into execution. To tax these bonds
by a State would be against the spirit and intent
of the Constitution, because it would clog the
wheels of the Government if the States had the
right to tax the Government bonds, tlie United
States mails, the custom-houses, patent rights,
and all these things. Why ? Because they are
means employed by the Federal Government
to carry its own powers into effect. • Therefore
the exception in the Constitution of the United
States, that it shall not be amended in relation
to United States Senators, does not prove that
within the spirit and intent of the Constitution,
which is its corner-stone and foundation,which
is its blood and life, any amendment can be
made unless it happens to come within the
very terms of that exception. ,
Gentlemen talk of this as a national Gov-
ernment, and that seems to be the theory of
most gentlemen upon the other side of the
House. I am satisfied that there are honor-
able gentleman upon that side of the House
who have the true theory of the Government
in their hearts, who know that their children
are to come after them, and that they are to
legislate lor posterity, who can see as well as
I that the Government is now on trial, that
there is a contest between liberty and consol-
idated despotism, and that they desire to leave
liberty to their children nndefiled and unblotted
as it was given to us by the blood of our fathers
through the severe trials of the Revolution,that it
niaybeliandcddown to their descendants unim-
paired forever and ever. I have no more con-
cern in the stability of this Government than
any other man upon this floor, and when I
speak for the great rights of the States here,
that which I utter I utter in no partisan char-
acter, but with an honest love for my country,
not only North but South. I love the whole
people and the whole land. I consider that I
stand here as well the representative of the
interests of South Carolina as the represent-
ative of the interests of New Jersey. I have
not forgotten the old doctrine of Daniel Web-
ster, that there is no East, no West, no North,
no South, and I warn the people of the east-
ern States that the day may come when those
small States may want to assert their dignity
in the Union by that balance of power_ which the
Federal system contemplated when it allowed
the smallest States to have as much representa-
tion in the Senate as the greatest State in the
whole Union. Why, if our fathers did not in-
tend to preserve the rights of the States, did
they give to New Jersey, Rhode Island, and
Vermout, each the same power that could be ex-
ercised by the great State of Virginia or the
o;reat Stateof New York ? They did it because
our fathers wanted to prevent that very impe-
rial despotism which they had fought to put
down; they wished to implant in this country
a system of liberty that would protect minor-
ities as well as majorities. And. if the States
have fTo rights, if their rights can be destroyed
by amendments to the Constitution, then I say
liberty in this country has fallen from the lumi-
nous sphere of freedom, and never will light
here again until we come back to the principles
of our fathers, and exercise them in the spirit
of Christianity—I mean those principles ofjus-
tice to all parts of the Union which were in-
scribed upon tlia banners which our fathers
