1866:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3188
becomes our nation to go, or whether we shall
go there having but a simple shanty erccted
upon the narrow basis on which my friend
from Iowa seems anxious to have it done. I
think that upon a review of his position ho will
grow more liberal. I hope, sir, that these ap-
propriations will be passed, and passed in a
spirit of earnestness. Let it be known that
this nation, having accepted the invitation,
robes itself for the feast.
Mr. GRIMES. In reply to the Senator from
Nevada, I will state that when we accepted
the invitation to this feast we did not expect
that we should be compelled to furnish the
roof that was to cover us, or the viands that
were to garnish the table.
Mr. NYE. If my friend will allow me, it is
a sort of national pic-nic, where cach one has
to carry his own provisions. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. It seems so. That was not
the understanding at the time wc accepted this
invitation, if wo did accept it. But, sir, the
Senator from Nevada and the Senator from
New York are altogether mistaken as to the
terms of our acceptance. Let me send to the
Secretary to be read the act of Congress passed
two or three months ago, stating in express
terms how far we did go. This idea of-our
furnishing the roof to cover us at this Expo-
sition is an after-thought. We were not told
that it would be necessary to do any such thing
as that. We were not told that we should
have to incur an additional expense of half a
million dollars in order to carry out our part
of this entertainment. I ask that the joint
resolution whioh I send to the desk be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Ajoint resolution in relation to the Industrial Expo-
sition at Paris. EYance.
Wheieas ttie United States have been invited by
the Government, of Franco to take part,in a universal
exposition of the productions of agriculture, manu-
factures, and tlie fine arts, to be held in Paris, 111 the
year 3807:
lle^olved hu the Senate andllome of Hebrewntatives
* of the United State* of America in Contjrcib assembled,
That said invitation is accepted.
Sl'C. 2. Andhp it further resolved, That the proceed-
ings heretofore adopted by the Secretary of State in
relation to the said Exposition, as set lorth in his
report and aeeompanyin^doeuinentseonocrnir>g that
subject, transmitted to both Houses of Congress with
the President's message of the 11th instant, are ap-
proved.
Sec. 3. And he it further resolved. That the general
agent for the said Exposition at -N" ew York be author-
ized to employ such clerks as may be necessary to
enable him to fulfill the requirements of the regula-
tions of the imperial commission, not to exceed lour
in number, one of whom shall receive compensation
at the rate of $1,800 per annum, one at £1,(300, and two
at $1,400.
Sec. 4. And he it further resolved. That the Secro*
tary of State be, and is hereby, authorized and re-
quested to prescribe such general regulations con-
cerning the conduct of the business relating to the
part to be taken by tho United States 111 the Exposi-
tion as may be proper.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, Mr. President, it ivili
be observed that by tho passage of that law
Congress did not contemplate the expenditure
of anj- more money; and I would call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the suggestion made by
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewaut] as to
the meanness (for that is the proper term)
which seems to chavaetcrize everything of the
action of the French Government, or tho con-
trolling powers representing the French Gov-
ernment, in connection with this Exhibition.
If one of our artisans carries au article there
for exhibition, and he does not desire to bring
it back, but chooses to sell it that it may be
used, and thus furnish, by the example that it
presents to the people around where it is used,
an encouragement and an inducement for its
more extended use, that American is obliged
to pay a heavy duty upon the article. He or
the Government of tho United States must be
at, the expense of bringing it back or else he
must pay a heavy duty to the French Govern-
ment m case he sells it there.
Mr. ANTHONY. The ordinary import duty.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes. the ordinary import
duty. I suppose it is not au extra duty over
that which would be levied upon it if he took
it there for sale; but that is not any very great
inducement to a man to go there, and it^loos
not, show, that the French Government are in-
spired by any very high and lofty motives, cer-
tainly not by such motives as the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] attributes to the French
Government, I think.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. How was it with our Govern-
ment when the World's Fair was held here?
Mr. GRIMES. I did not know that we had
any World's Fair.
Mr. NYE. Oh, yes, we had.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 know they had a Fair in
New York, but I think the American Govern-
ment took no part in it. I do not know that it
was called a World's Fair. The national Gov-
ernment had nothing to do with it. Citizens
of New York got up a large exhibition, built
a Inagnificent crystal palace, and had a very
fine show of various articles of production, ag-
ricultural and mcclianical; but it was not such
an exhibition as this is to be. It was not got
up by the authorities of the nation, nor was it
gotten up by any such motive as has inspired
this one.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the more
I think about this Resolution, the more I feel
inclined to oppose it. The original resolution
accepting the invitation to attend this Exhibi-
tion was passed through the Senate as rather
a formal matter. It was not anticipated, and
if I recollect aright, it was stated that by ac-
cepting tho invitation there would be no addi-
tional expense to the Government depending
upon it; but now we find that the Government
of tho United States must not only pay for tho
transportation of our articles to that country,
which we expected individuals to do, but the
Government must build up additions to Paris,
or must build a house to be entertained in after
we are invited to the entertainment; and then
if any of these articles that are taken over to
Paris are disposed of there, as„they must be,
France proposes to get a revenue out of them.
It is a money-making job for France ; a matter
of paying tribute to France on our part.
My colleague spoke of the wonderful ad-
vantages that we would derive from exhibit-
ing our gold and silver in Paris. Sir, it seems
to me that we might derive more advantage by
an exhibition of them here. They know more
about our gold and silver in France to-daythan
we do ourselves. They have sent commission-
ers and have made examinations and official
reports with regard to Nevada, where we live.
Wehave no such reports in America. Itseems
to me that an attempt to instruct our own peo-
ple as to the resources of their own country
would be quite as advantageous as this. I do
not think any special advantage will be de-
rived in that point of view; for all those coun-
tries have had ollicial reports of the mines of
the West, while we have had none, and know
nothing about them.
But what makes it peculiarly galling to my
mind is, that while we are invited to this enter-
tainment, at which we are to pay our own ex-
penses to enrich France, France is'insulting
us by her puppet monarch on our southern
borders. She is defying the Monroe doctrine.
1 do not believe there is any good faith |n all
this talk about the withdrawal of the French
troops from Mexico. That will depend simply
upon the question whether Napoleon will con-
tinue to have power to keep them there. If
European affairs shall engage him so that it
will bo impossible for him to continue his
troops there he may withdraw them. He will
only withdraw them from necessity. He has
been very successful for a term of years in
blinding, evading, hoodwinking, so to speak,
our Government. Although we have a great
man at the head of our foreign affairs, I do not
think lie is a match for Napoleon. lie may
be a match for anybody else, as my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Laxi:] suggests, but I do
not think he is a match for Napoleon. I think
Napoleon can very easily negotiate with in in
so as to keep liim quiet and at the same time
retain his despotism on our southern borders
through all time. Whether he will remove
his troops from Mexico or not depends entirely
upon his European situation. He may prom-
ise to remove them now, on the eve ofewar in
Europe, and if a war should occur requiring
all his forces there ho may remove them, other-
wise he is not bound by this compact. I do
not see that there is any binding force com-
pelling him to do it.
Sir, Napoleon, who is threatening and men-
acing our free institutions, he who took part
with the rebellion and mocked us in our ad-
versity, now invites us—a people who stand
insulted before the world by him—to come
and do homage to him and pay our own ex-
penses. I say the invitation amounts to noth-
ing. Suppose you were invited to a gentle-
man's house, and you supposed .you were
going to be treated as guests are usually
treated, but you wore subsequently advised
that you must bring your own dinner, your
own wine, and your own cigars, could you not
with propriety decline the invitation, particu-
larly if you had to pay a tax on the whisky,
cigars", and other viands that you might bring?
Suppose you were invited to a dinner, and
were then told to bring your own supplies, and
that you would have to pay a tax upon them,
could you not with propriety decline the invi-
tation? When we accepted the invitation to
attend this Exhibition, did we expect to have all
these exactions? Did we not suppose that if
our artisans took their manufactured articles
to bo viewed at the French Exhibition they
might sell them, after being introduced into
the country by invitation, without having an
additional duty imposed upon them ? Did we
anticipate that we would have to erect a build-
ing at Paris? I thought that was a great city,
with a great many houses in it; but it seems
the United States are to build an addition to
Paris in order to make an exhibition of our
commodities in Europe.
Sir, if we could go there on fair and equal
terms, and under equal circumstance, and not
have to pocket more insults than any other
people ever did, I should ho glad to have our
country represented there. But in the first
place, we are compelled to pocket a whole
catalogue of insults, to have our national honor
insulted by Maximilian on our southern bor-
ders, and to have our Government deceived
from time to time by the veriest hypocrite that
ever lived and the most bitter foe of republican
institutions that has ever disgraced the earth.
The man who, when he thought republican
institutions were about to be destroyed, had the-
heart to lend the entire power of the French
empire to destroy it; a man who gave this un-
holy rebellion aid and comfort from the begins
ning; the man who had the audacity to do,
that; the man who has strategy enough to de-
ceive our Secretaiy of State and continue this,
thing; this man hi is the impudence to invite us
to a feast at which we are to pay our own ex-
penses when we get there ; find we arc told;
that it will be impolite to decline the invita-
tion.
Sir, I propose to decline the invitation and
take all the chances of being impolite. I da
not think it, right; I do not think it compati-
ble with our national honor to accept such an,
invitation. I think that when we visit we.
should visit upon equal terms. I think we>
should respect tho Monroe doctrin.e. !. think
I (hat our national honor ami our national «tand-
! ing should be respected and our no,tio.u<al the^
\ ones and our republican institutions aelsnowl;-
1 edged. We should go to France on equa^
| terms when we meet, an.d. not meet. Napoleon
as his vassals or tn/eviofs. That i's the yaijr I
[ feel on this subject. 1 do not see that we are
1 under any obligation to.Uuihl Ijou in France.
I I cannot find the warrant u.; the Constitution
! that authorises us to b,u,!;;d edifices in France,
i 1 am opposed to the uosolutiou.
I Hf, "EDMUXDS, 'The French Emperor
! u,mJoub,tedly i,s a, very extraoi'dui'in' man ; and;
1 if to take- the opinion of the American people.
