2224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir, and I will
find it presently.
Mr. OLAlili. Well, Mr. President, perhaps
I can help these gentlemen a little. I only
wanted to see the care with which they have
examined this report.
Mr. NYE. When we ask you to help us we
will Jet you know. I propose to answer you.
Mr. CLAIIK. The Senator from Nevada
in his quiet way says that when they find it
they will let me know.
Mr. NYE. No, I did not say that.
Mr. CLARK. • Or in substance, that when
they ask for my aid they will let me know.
Mr. NYE. Yes; that was it. You will
make your own speech, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doo-
little in the chair.) The Senator from Ne-
vada will address the Chair.
Mr. CLARK. I did not know but that pos-
sibly I might have fallen into a mistake. I have
my own notion about this matter, but I wanted
the aid of those honorable Senators in investi
gating it. 1 hunted this report through and I
could not find the report of the Mendola for
building the hull, but I did find something
which I suppose was meant for that, but is not
that. If the Senators will turn their attention
to the fifth page 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will tell you whore
yon will find it, sir. You will find it on page
5; it is there printed as the Mercedita; refer-
ence is rtlso made to it on page 32. That is
my understanding.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose that is so. I
turned Ibis book through and I could find no
such vessel as the Mendota; that is, no con-
tract for the hull. I then recurred to the table.
I found the Mendota placed there at such a
price, ami looking through I came across the
name of the builder, Mr. Tucker, of Brooklyn,
New York, who is said to have built the Men-
dola, but here he is reported to have built the
Mercedita, anil the Mercedita is nowhere to
be found in the table. Wo had a vessel called
the Mercedita. 1 think she was at New Or-
leans in the fight, there. 1 think she was pur-
chased by the Government; she was not one
of these vessels.
" F. 'L. Tucker, ship-builder nt Brooklyn, Lone;
Island, iukI constructor ot the United States steamer
Mcreodirn, having been duly sworn, stilted, that the
contract for above shin was signed .September 9. 1SG2,
to be launched and builded (in one hundred and
twenty-six days) on January 13,18G3; that the vessel
was launched on that day and delivered to engine-
builders, nt'ler being coppered, on January 24,1863,
to receive her machinery."
This man got his vessel along ; she was
launched on the day.
" That the total cost, of llio vessel was £92,-175 70, as
per statement marked No. 4, and annexed to these
proceedings—tin; contract to have been $75,000; that
tliero was paid by him tor extra work done over the,
price, by order ot Inspector rt. M. 1'ook, and oiheis,
IhoMim of ^ 1,0JO 70, as per statement marked No. 5,
mid nmieved to these proceedings; and also lor work
done in accoulanco with specifications1, but not re-
quued m general advertisements tor bids under
which the ship was cotninem ed, by .luthoiity of the
bureau to hare been 73, Iter statement
marked No. (i, and annexed to these proceedings;
leaving a loss on his part, over and above these
amounts, of SlUIO 27 on the original contract price
for the hull; tiuit no money for cctrn work has ever
been p.lid to him over and above the, contract stipu-
lation ; that the engines ami boilers were to be com-
pleted by huildeis of machinery in titty days, or
March H.1S63, but was notcomplctcd until lY'bruaiy
14,1864, (.three hundred and lorty clays.;"
Eleven months after they were agreed to bo
furnished they were furnished. All this time
tho hull of the vessel was rendered useless by
the delay of the engine-builders. This man
may deserve bis price for his hull for aught 1
know ; it is not very much above the contract
price—I believe some four thousand dollars;
and yet I think there is something in this
report that will show the manner in which
these posts were made up. I ask the Senators'
attention to page 01 in~regard to this gunboat
Mendota. On the 19th of June, 1805, Mr.
Tucker made up his hill of costs for that ves-
sel and jjresented it to tho board. Mr. Naval
Constructor Pook was asked about it on page
31, and in regard to that bill ho says:
" Having examined the extra bids of F. Z. Tucker,
for gunboat Mendota, I am of opinion that some of
the charges are improper, and that he be requested
to examine and correct them."
Here was this board established for the pur-
pose of ascertaining the cost; they met to-
gether, and they notified contractor A to come
before the board at such a time; they notified
contractor B to come before the board at such
a time; and they came, they made up their
costs, and then those bills were examined;
they were submitted to the naval constructer,
he was asked whether they were right and
proper; in many of the cases he said they
were right and proper. In other cases he said
they were not right and proper; and "Mr.
Contractor won't you correct them?"
I ask the attention of the Senate for a.few
moments—because I will not run through all
these cases, there are forty-two of them, and
they would weary the patience of the Senate
and take up too much time—to the case of the
engine of tlieLenapee, on page 42:
" Appeared before the board Mr. Joseph Belknap,
superintendent, and on the part of the Washington
Works, eontiactors for the machinery of the Lena-
pee. Under oath states, that the contract for tho
vessel was dated by the Navy Department Auprust
25, 18132, in which they were allowed six and a half
months, or within two months after receipt of hull
from builders thereof, to complete and erect the
machinery on board: but that the vessel was not so
received until June 19. 18G3. and the machinery was
completed August 31,1864. Tho piincipal causes of
delay in completing the contract were owin? to tho
bur.^tinj? of a boiler while beinu tested, and difficulty
in obtaining labor and material."
They have built an imperfect boiler, and while
they were testing it it burst, and so they were
caused delay.
"That the cost of machinery was Jill,161 24; con-
tract price received, S$2,000; leaving an excess of cost,
over and above contract piicc, ot (?29,1G1 24."
Audpreciselythatamountofeost, $20,101 24,
was allowed them when they set down the ex-
tra delay to the bursting of a boiler which they
had made imperfect. 1 suppose if they had
burst entirely up and blown their shop tip, the
whole would have been passed in. It does
not seem that it made any difference what was
claimed, what went into the cost, whether it
was interest on shop and tools that were not
fitted for the work, whether it was the tinskill-
fulnuss of the contractors and the workmen,
or whether it was the want of preparation, or
(lie bursting of a boiler, or anything else that
went into the cost, it was allowed; and now
avc are asked to pay twelve per cent, on the
contract price.
i should bo glad to see some measure before
tho Senate that would do more justice to these
people than this. If a man is entitled to the
consideration of the Senate, has been delayed
by tho Government and for that reason has
been put to cost, that cost ought to be paid.
It should not be twelve per cent. If he has
been delayed by his own unskiilfulness, his
own negligence, his own want of care and skill
and industry, then he should not be paid, not
twelve per cent, nor any other percentage.
These people say:
"That the excess of cost was owins to the rise in
labor and material, and also to tho fact of the time of
the completion of the engine bum# extended over and
above the time specified by tho contract, duo to the
fact of our beinc: unablo to procure the noeessary
lubor and material."
I will ask the Senate to turn for a moment
to the case of tho hull of the Lcnapee, which
is found on page 13—1 think I alluded to this
before—where the contract price was $75,500
and the cost price S3 50,000, more than double
what the Government offered to give them.
They contracted to do this work for $75,500,
and they say the total cost of the vessel, includ-
ing the bill for extra work, was $152,091 37.
Now, Paul Curtis, of Boston, built the Chicopee,
a vessel of the same class with the Lenapee.
lie took his contract on the 9th of September,
18G2 ; and Edward Lupton, the contractor for
tho Lenapee, took las contract on the 9th of
September, 1802, precisely the same day. Of
course the same price for materials was to
be paid by both. The same prices for labor
were to be paid by both. One was operating
in Now York, near tho commercial center, and
the other was operating at Boston. They were
each allowed one hundred and twenty-six days,
until January 13, 1803, to complete their con-
tract. Mr. Curtis put his ship into the water
on the 4th of March, 18G3, and Mr. Lupton
put his in the water on the 7th of June, 1863,
three months afterward. Mr. Curtis built his
ship for $97,074 01, and Mr. Lupton made his
ship cost $152,691 37. Under oath, he stated
that to be the cost. The commission did not
see fit to allow him such a bill of costs as that,
but they did allow Mr. Lupton $18,570 52,
$2,000 more than they allowed anybody else,
and more than four times as much as they
allowed Mr. Curtis.
I do not know that it is worth while for me
to pursue these cases iurther. There are sev-
eral more of them that I have examined, and
they lead to the same result as those I have
stated to the Senate. In general, the work
upon the hulls of the wooden vessels seems to
have been done with much more rapidity, and
much nearer the time at which they were to
be delivered, than the work on the machinery.
I suppose, when the Government was hiring
hands for its navy-yards and its ships) and
when the men were going into the Army and
the Navy, there was a difficulty in obtaining
labor ; but I do not understand why the diffi-
culty was so much greater in procuring me-
chanics for ship machinery than procuring
ship-carpenters in yards. Both employments
require skill : both are carried on by artisans
peculiarly fitted for the profession; and yet
the men who built the hulls seem to have had
far less difficulty than the men who undertook
to build the machinery. But, sir, you under-
take by this bill to give precisely the same
percentage to the men who built the machinery,
and from whom most of the delay came, that
yon do to the men who built the hulls. I do
not, undertake to find fault with tho men who
built the machinery for these vessels. I do not
undertake to talk about the mechanic. I un-
ertako to talk simply about the eases that are
presented here. I have examined the report
which has been presented here by the commis-
sion. I have taken the testimony which these
gentlemen have furnished themselves; and I
can come to no other conclusion whatever than
that this bill ought not to pass.
I do not moan to say that Iherc are not some
persons included in this bill who might be
entitled to perhaps all that this bill proposes
to give them ; there are others who are perhaps
entitled to the twelve per cent, which the
amendment proposes to give them; but I am
entirely satisfied there are men here who ought
not to have the twelve per cent. I am entirely
pursuaded that this leveling process of giving
a percentage to all these people, no matter
how they have done their work, how faithfully
or unfaithfully, how skillfully or unskillfully,
is not the true principle of legislation.
Sir, if a man has built, for instance, Army
wagons under a contract with the Government,
and he has found labor and material enhanced,
why should you not give him twelve per cent.?
If a man has made guns for the Government,
whether small-arms or ordnance, by contract,
why should you not give him twelve percent.?
They worked for the Government; they are
mechanics; they arc deserving; the derange-
ment was the same to all. Why should you
not say, by a general omnibus bill, that every-
body who contracted for labor and material
for the Government should have twelve per
cent, over and above the contract price? Some
of them made money, it is true ; but the price
of labor was enhanced to them just as much,
the price of machinery was enhanced just as
much, and the price of material.
I believe, sir, that the pending question ia
the motion of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
IIi:\hersox] to postpone the bill until the next
session of Congress. I shall vote for the mo-
tion to postpone, if the friends of the bill desire
to have it postponed, if they think any measure
pan be arrived at which shall do justice, I mean
individual justice, to these people; but if the
bill is not postponed I shall vote against its
passage as it stands. I know we are urged to
