8184
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 16,
} e is undoubtedly a very bad mail, in $ polit-
ical sense. It may be said of him, ho.wever, as
a Latin poet once said of Nero:
" Quis Norono pigus?
Quid thermis melius Neroanis?"
" Who is so bad as Nero, but who has so fine
baths as he?" I take it, Mr. President, that
we arenot invited to a family entertainment
of Louis Napoleon's; we Have not been called
upon to pay homage to him in any sense what-
ever ; but as tine of the equals in the family
of nations, we have been invited to a 'compari-
son of tli&products of the arts of peace with
other civilized nations. We are called upon
to meet upon common ground in a congress, so
to gpeak, an industrial congress of civilized
nations, for this comparison of the develop-
ments of the industrial arts of our people with
those of other nations.
Now, what have we to do with the hostility
of the Emperor of France to this nation under
such considerations ? Suppose that he is just
as hostile to us as he can be imagined to be;
that ho is desirous, as he has been undoubt-
edly, to see the Government of this country
overturned, as our British cousins or unclfes or
grandfathers, whatever they may be, have been;
what of it? 1 am in favor of meeting these
enemies of ours upon this common ground and
of showing them that, notwithstanding the ef-
forts they have made for the last half a dozen
years to overthrow us, notwithstanding they
have aided to plunge us in distress of the most
excessive description, notwithstanding they
have deluged us with blood and covered us
with death, we have emerged from the conflict
Stronger, more! progressive, moro powerful than
we entered into it, and that we can compare
with them favorably in every arena of peace
and industry and progress, while wo have dem-
onstrated already that we are ready to meet
them in anils on any field where our honor
and our duly require. While, therefore, when
the proper time conies I would tumble the
I'reueli into the Outt of Mexico at the point
of the bayonet, 1 would at the same moment
show to every nation in Europe that in all the
solid and material prosperity which is the life
of a nation we are still steadily advancing, so
that with the products of peace in one hand
mid with the insignia of war iu the other I would
stand foremost in the work!
Where is the humiliation, I beg to know, in
cn (ci mg into such a contest upon such ground-i?
U e have accepted the invitation. If there be
humiliation in it, wc have drank of the cup of
humiliation. If there be pride in it, it calls
upon us to go forward manfully and boldly, at
whatever <'.\peiise, and meet (ho consequences.
litil it is said (hat it is not fair lor the hrencli
to tax our products after sale. Does not (hat
become a matter of trade? It is said it is not
fair for the French to ask us to pay the expenses
of our own part to the Mxhibitiou. Does not
every other nation do the same? Is there any
unjust discrimination against us? Not at all.
We all meet on equal grounds, every one of
us. Then where is the harm?
It is said that the Constitution does not allow
the purchase of real estate and the construc-
tion of edifices in France. I do not think it
docs. I do not think there is any warrant in
the Constitution for the construction of an edi-
fice by us ill Fiance. I do not think there is
any will rant in the Constitution for accepting
this invitation at all. i f it is trespassing on the
reserved rights of the States and the people,
we ought to have thought of it before. But,
seriously speaking, this notion that every time
any question relating to our foreign relations
arises, if we are to have a commissioner to
China, jl we are to gather seeds on the other
side of the Pacific, if wo are to exhibit the
muts of our industry among other nations, we
are to take up that time-honored instrument
and look into it to see if we can do anything
about such a matter, we very much mistake the
purport and the scope of that document. The
Constitution has nothing to do with the sub-
ject. If we are a nation, if we have a national
life and a national vitality, wo are not to be
told that we cannot, among the family of
nations and as one of that family, do whatever
ow external relations of amity, of pride, of
industry, of interest require. We have put
our hands to the plow.; honor and good faith
and the pride of our nation require us not to
turn back.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I suppose every member
of Congress knew when we accepted this invi-
tation that it would necessarily be followed by
an appropriation. We had somewhat of the
same difficulties which are now presented about
foreign parties exhibiting at the Fair which was
held in this country some years ago. I think
we allowed foreigners to bring in their articles
free 'of duty; but if wo ever chance to hold
another fair I think we shall not do so. If
we did we should bring down our revenue for a
year or two, and I am not at all surprised that
the Emperor of the French takes care of his
revenue, and he has a pretty large one, and
has necessity for a large one. I make no ob-
jection on that score, because we should do
ourselves if it were our case just what it is said
ho is doing.
. After accepting the invi^piion, is there any
sufficient cause why wc should refuse to make
this provision ? The same character of expend-
itures was incurred by this Government when
wc acceptcd the invitation of Great Britain to
the Fair at London. I have no doubt that the
opportunity given to manufacturers of different
nations to exhibit their products and machin-
ery and improvements is calculated to advance
the manufacturing interests of the world; and I
thmk there has been no time in our history that
wo needed such advantages more than wo need
them now. I feel myself under no embarrass-
ment at all in theacceptance of this invitation;
but in my judgment the propriety of this Exhi-
bition, and of giving our citizens the benefit
and advantage of it, is so clear that I am in favor
of the appropriation.
Mr. Ii,AMSIiY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from New York, who has this mat-
ter in charge, whether the French Government
has not. already made ample provision for our
exhibitors, whether there is any occasion for
us to make this additional appropriation. I
think I understood him to say that we had thirty
thousand square feet assigned to American
exhibitors at the Fair. That gives us a space
five hundred feet long and sixty feet in width.
What information have the committee that more
than that is required? If there is no proba-
bility of more than that being wanted, there is
no occasion to vote this additional apm-ooria-
tiou.
Mr. HARRIS. The French Government
have appropriated twenty million francs for
the expenses of this Exhibition, over four mil-
lion dollars. Ihey have erected a structure
in the center of the Champ de Mars, covering
tbhty-threc acres of ground, a very extensive
building, the largest building, perhaps, that was
ever erected. They assigned to the United
States, after our acceptance of the invitation to
partake ijf this Exhibition, a portion of these
thirty-three acres, containing thirty thousand
square feet—the eighth in point of size anion"
the Various nations that are to partake in the
Exhibition. They have offered to us, as they
have to other nations, that if we desne more
ground than the ground allotted to fis in this
building, we may erect a structure opposite in
the park. That is the offer made to us by the
French Government.. The exhibitors arc So
ntmieious, the number of inventors and pro-
ducers and manufacturers applying for space
in this Exhibition is so great,"that our com-
missioner in Paris suggests that it is absolutely
necessary that more ground should be provided.
Let me read a clause from his letter:
"The immense number of valuable offerings from
applicants tor space in group six, articles of great
mcnt as a rule, renders it absolutely necessary to
supplement that, group in the park, Wc shall need
more room also for groups one, two, and seven It
Ulat U,e aW>r0iiria-
That is what our commissioner says. It has
been argued here as though the French Govern-
ment had proposed to us to provide this ground.
Not at all. We are under no obligation, in
consequence of having accepted the invitation,
to erect this structure in ^ne park. We occupy
the ground allotted to us ; but our exhibitors,
our citizens, our inventors, our producers, will
not be satisfied with that. They want more
ground, and it is for their accommodation that
this appropriation is to be made--—not because
it will please the French Government, but be-
cause it will enable us to exhibit the produc-
tions and inventions of our citizens to greater,
advantage. It is for the honor of our country
that we appropriate this $25,000, and not be-
cause we are under obligations to do it. Per-
haps France, perhaps the nations of Europe,
would prefer that we should not do it because
we shall not exhibit ourselves to so great ad-
vantage if we do not do it. At best we shall
not be able, probably, to accommodate one
half of the productions that are offered, but
shall be compelled to select the best and reject
the rest. With all the space that we can pro-
vide, including this structure, we shall not be
able probably to accommodate one half of the
productions and inventions that are offered for
exhibition.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does this amendment
come from the committee?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Creswoll, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Gutinie, JI arris, Henderson, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill, IS orton, Nye, Ramsey, Sprague,
Van Winkle, Williams, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckftlow.ChandJor,Cowan, Davis
ioster. Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Stew-
art, Trumbull, Wado, and Yates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Conness. Dixon
gessenden, Lano of Kansas, MeDougall, Nesmith,
Poland, Riddle, Sherman, Sumner, Willey, and
Wright—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
^ The amendment of 'the Committee on For-
eign Relations, as amended, was agreed to, as
follows;
Strike out all of the resolution after the resolving
clause and insert these words in lieu of the words
stricken out.
That in order to enable the people of the United
btfttes to participate in the advantages of the uni-
versal exhibition ot the productions of agriculture
manufactures, and tlio fine arts, to be held at Paris,
in the year 1867, the following sums, or so much
thereof as may be necessary for the purposes sev-
erally specified, are hereby appropriated, out of any
money m the ireasury not otherwise appropriated:
first, lo provide necessary furniture and fixtures
T?r-V i l?F°Por exhlbition of the productions of the
united otates, according to the plan ot the imperial
commissioners in that part, of the building oxelu-
l'ivsc«™ ?ssisi?ca t0 tlie use of tho United States,
©'io.UUU in coin.
•Secondly. To provide additional accommodations
m the park. &2o,000 m coin.
Thirdly, l'or the compensation of the principal
agent ot the Exhibition in the United States, at the
latoot s_.,000 a year: PromrM, That the period of
such sen-ice shall not extend beyond sixty days after
the close ottho Exhibition, $4,000, or so much thereof
as may he tound necessary.
Fourthly. For office rent at New York, for fixtures
stationers;, and advertising; for rent of storehouse
tor reception of articles and products; for expenses
ot shipping, including cartages, A-c.; for frei-i'N on
the articles to be exhibited from Now York toVrance
and leturn, and for compensation of four clerks in
conformity with t he joint resolution approved on the
loth ox January, lbbb, and for contingent expenses
noce^sfti'v' "lU'700' or so luilc!l tilcre«i' aamay be found'
Fitthly. For expenses in receiving, bonding, stor-
age, cartagc, labor, .tc., at Uavie: lor railway trans-
ra,0"-irr Hi\vro t0 1 aris, going and returning;
5 111 the Palace; ,or sweeping and sprinkling
coinparuneiits tor seven monies; fur guards and
keepers tor seven months; lor linguists (eight men)
il l",montl's: ,f°r rtoring„paeking-boxes, cart-
' il>l .repacking; foreicik hiie,
V r ' arK*. contingent expenses, the su.ii
ot sw,/0o, or so much thereof as may be found ne-
cessary. in coin.
Sixthly, lor the traveling expenses of ten profes-
sional and Scientific commissioners, to bo appointed
r i iesideut, by and with the advice and consent
pf.thelsenatp, at the rate of $1,000 e.u-L, vjo.UotJ -u
being understood that the President, may appoint
additional commissioners, not exceeding twe'iiiv in
number, whose expenses shall not >>e paid. l>ut no
person interested directly or indirectly m any article
exhibited shall be a commissioner; nor shall auv
