200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GUMhl
January 11,
followed when they put down the legions of King
George and proclaimed liberty throughout the
land.
In asswer to that question of the gentleman,
I will say that when the treaty was made be-
tween Great Britain and the United States-every
single one of the States was named by name.
Tho States under the old Articles of Confedera-
tion were sovereign and independent; an d wh en
our fathers framed th e Constitution of the United
States, they intended to give up but such as they
delegated to the Federal head, which were amply
sufficient for the inherent power of every govern-
ment to protect its own existence from all foes
whether within or without.
The memorable revolution in England, of
1688, was denominated by Yoltaire as the era
of English liberty. James II had rendered him-
self so obnoxious to the English people that he
was obliged to flee for his life. The people
then overthrew the dogma that the Legislature
was above the people, and that the people had
no right to govern themselves. Since the rev-
olution of 1009 England has had forty-one rev-
olutions, all of them growing out of this same
despotic idea that the Government is above the
interests of the people and the system upon
which the Government was founded. It was to
resist the usurpation on the part of the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, that deprived tho people
of liberties which they held as inherent rights
under the laws of God and of man, that there
resulted the stupendous revolution that gave to
the people of Great Britain the Magna Gharta.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that tho gentle-
man's time be extended so as to allow him to
conclude his remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr. ROGERS. Another evidence that (his
is a Federal Government, or a Government of
States, is that each Slate is entitled to two Uni-
ted States Senators, and as to thai the Consti-
tution prohibits an amendment.
I will now proceed more in the true line of
the subject before us. There was no negro who
planted himself upon this continent who was
not brought here from the coasts of Africa as a
slave. Every single negro man and woman in
this land are the descendants of African slaves;
and at tho time negroes were brought, herefrom
Africa there was not a free negro upon this con-
tinent, and none were ever free except by the
sovereign consent of the State, or manumission
by the masters. - For more than one hundred
years before tho Declaration of Independence
\vi\s made negroes had been regarded as beings
of an inferior order; they were bought and sold,
and treated as an ordinary article of merchan-
dise. That idea of their condition was fixed
and universal in all the civilized communities,
without an exception, in the civilized world.
The English Government seized them upon
the coast of Africa and brought them here and
sold them. The Constitution recognizes them
as slaves, and contains a provision expressly
permittingnegroes to be imported into (his coun-
try and sold as slaves up to the year 1S0K.
Therefore I say to this House and to the
country, that, the change which is attempted
to be made in our social system is one never
thought of or dreamed of by those who controlled
the organization of this Republic, or by those
who hare controlled it down to within the last
two or three years.
To show how consistent New England has
been in this negro-equality subject, 1 will quote
some of the legislation of those States upon the
subject of the status of the negro, to show that
where radicalism now seems to be running more
mad than in any other part of the country they,
by their legislation, regarded these Africans as
an inferior race so far as to piohibit cohabita-
tion and marriage of the two races.
T he revised code of Massachusetts, published
in 1880, forbids the marriage of any while per-
son with a negro, Indian, or mulatto, under pen-
alty of six months' imprisonment in the common
jail, or to hard labor and a fine, of not over uvo
hundred nor under fifty dollars; and it also de-
clares the marriage to be absolutely null and
void. I do not know whether that law has been
repealed ornot. Some of the honorable gentle-
men from Massachusetts can answer that ques-
tion. But it shows that our fathers always kept
in view that one great idea which God has
planted in tho human heart, that there is a dis-
tinction between negroes and whites that no law
can change.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. ROGERS. I will.
Mr. THAYER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether the system of African slavery is
not a system of comparatively modern introduc-
tion and history in the world, a system which has
had its origin and existence for two or three cen-
turies only. I would like to ask him also whether
the great fabrics of Grecian and Roman slavery
which characterized those States throughout all
their history were not systems of slavery founded
upon the enslavement of tho white racc; and if
he answers those questions affirmatively, then I
would bug him to state whether it would not be
as logical to reason in favor of the national jus-
tice of white slavery, from the universal prac-
tice of Greece and Rome for centuries, and of all
civilized States which were their contemporaries,
as to reason in favor of tho national justice and
fitness of African slavery from the practice and
history of modern civilization.
Mr. ROGERS. I am glad that the gentle-
man has interrupted me, because, probably,
without his interruption I might have been
placed in a false position with regard to the
true object of the argument which I am at-
tempting to present.
I am not, here to advocate the right to en-
slave any man. I am here to protest, as much
as the gentleman himself, against holding white
men or black men in slavery. But I desire
to show the status and standing of the Afri-
can race, as not having been considered fit to
enter into the political community with the
white people of the country. I do not seek
to idolize or sustain the system of slavery as it
has existed in this country or any other, be-
cause I think that the enlightened intelligence
of the present age would not warrant me or any
other man in standing here to argue, in the face
of the consequences which have lately over-
taken this class of beings, that they ought to
be hold in slavery. I am willing to admit that
slavery existed, as the gentleman asserts, in
Greecc and Rome; and affirm that, in those
countries the highest intelligence of the age
aud the noblest patriotism were exhibited by
those who at the same time held white men in
slavery. But that was a dark and 'barbarous
age compared to the enlightened wisdom of
modern times; but as men advanced in enlight-
enment aud civilization, the holding of white
persons in bondage became obnoxious to the
educated reason of humanity.
But I say that the moral right to hold slaves
was not. denounced by the Saviour of the world
when He came, to proclaim peace and good-will
to all men. The records of biblical and profane
history refute the idea that slavery is necessarily
immoral, since it did not call forth the indig-
nation or rebuke of the Saviour of the world
when He was pursuing His sublime ministry
among a people who held millions of white men
111 bondage. I say that in still earlier days the
oracles of God were committed to slavehohling
prophets and patriarchs. The highest form of
civilization and the noblest development of
manhood that can be found in olden times is
found among the ancient slavcholding com-
monwealths of Greece and Rome. Among the
wreck and ruins of their genius we find the
germs of many of tho most vital principles of
our civilization ; but the while slaves were made
so by war, and not on account of the inferiority
0f races.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from New
Jersey yield to me for one moment?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has quoted
from the Revised Statutes of Massachusetts
of 1830, and has inquired, as T understand,
whether the law remains the same, in that State
at the present time. I desire to answer the gen-
tlemau on that point.
The gentleman will recollect that it has been
the misfortune (as he doubtless considers it) of
Massachusetts to have very few Democratic
Governors; but during the administration of the
first Governor of that description that Massa-
chusetts ever had the lav.' to v.']>'ch the £rentle-
man has referred was repealed, that Democratic
Governor approving the act; and I believe that
that repeal was effected under the lead of a dis-
tinguished gentleman, then a Democrat, since
a Democratic Governor of Massachusetts, antf
more recently a Representative on this floor.
Mr. ROGERS. Well, Mr. Speaker ■
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will tho gentleman from
New Jersey yield to me for a moment?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that the Saviour of the world sanc-
tioned slavery.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not say that. I say
that He said nothing in disapprobation of it.
That is what I said. I mean of holding white
men as slaves, which appear,-: to me much worse
than holding black men in slavery. In fact He
taught that the servant should obey his master.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, 1 understand the gen-
tleman to say that he himself does disapprove
of it—that he is opposed to it. Therefore, I
suppose, he takes issue with the Saviour.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir, I do not take issue
with the Saviour. I would not be so fool-hardy
or irreverent as to take issue with the omnip-
otent Ruler of the universe. I leave that to
the gentleman. But I say that, although white
slavery existed in the commonwealths of Greece
and Rome, yet when a more enlightened pe-
riod came, the people saw the injustice of the
system, as those slaves were captives taken in
war, and that system was by other and future
generations given up. But until a compara-
tively recent period of tho world's history the
law of nations did not pievent the kidnapping
of slaves from the coast of Africa and the sell-
ing of them to any wdio would purchase them.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman will allow
me one moment. He has alluded to the ques-
tion which I asked him, but he has not, perhaps,
answered it as fully as the House might have
expected. He has, however, just dropped a
statement which is perfectly true, that in the
history of Roman and Greek civilization there
came a time when the slaves were made free.
Mr. ROGERS. I did not say that.
Mr. THAYER. It is, at any rate, a fact
which, I suppose, the gentleman will not deny.
Mr. ROGERS. I did not say that, and will
not be so reported. I said that when a more
enlightened period came the people saw the in-
justice of the institution. I did not refer to
those people particularly; I spoke of the people
generally. The system of holding white per-
sons in slavery was given up. But until a com-
paratively recent period slaves were kidnapped
from the coast of Africa, and the laws of nations
did not forbid their being sold to any who would
buy them.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that I do not think that Greece
or Rome ever engaged in the African slave
trade.
Mr. ROGERS. I never said that they did.
I admit that they did not.
Mr. THAYER. I have never heard that
they did; but the gentleman has stated that
there arrive^ a time when Greece and Rome
gave freedom to millions of slaves that had
groaned in bondage underneath their power.
Now I will ask the gentleman whether, when
freedom was given to those slaves, they did not
also confer upon the freedmen the rights of
Roman citizenship. I should like to have an
answer to that question.
Mr. ROGERS. They did to a certain por-
tion of them, such as they saw fit, upon the
ground that those persons were not taken be-
cause of their being an inferior race. It was
then according to the laws of war that the con- _
queror held the captives of war as slaves, and
it was to correct that barbarous code of war
