1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3185
member of Congress or any person holding an ap-
pointment or office of honor or trust under the Uni-
ted States be appointed a commissioner, agent, or
officer under this resolution.
Skc. 2. And beit further resolved^ That the Govern-
ors of the several States be, and they are hereby,
requested to invite the patriotic people of their re-
spective Sfafes to assist" in J he proper representation
of the handiwork of our artisans and the proliiic
sources ot material wealth with which our land is
Messed, and to take such further measures as may
be necessaiT to diffuse a knowledge of the proposed
Exhibition and to secure to their respective States
the advantages -which it promises.
Mr. HAllRIS. I offer this further amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
And be if further wsoloed, That it shall be the duty
of the said general agent at New York and the said
commissioner general at Paris to transmit to Con-
gress, through the Department of-State, a detailed
statement of the manner in which such expenditures
as are hereinbefore provided for are made by them
respectively.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment made
as ia Committee of the Whole was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read
a third time. The resolution was read the
third time.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Creswell, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Foster, Guthiio, Harris,Henderson,
Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Van Winkle, Williams,
and Wilson—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalcw, Chandler, Cowan,
Davis, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane
of Indiana, Saulsbury, Stewart, Trumbull, and
Wade—1
ABSKNT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Conness, Dixon,
Fessonden, Lane oi Kansas, McDougall, Wesnnth,
Pol.iml, Riddle, Sherman, Sumner, Willey, Wright,
and Yates—lf>.
So the joint resolution was passed. On the
motion of .Mr. II.umuk ils title was amended so
as to read, "A joint resolution to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the Universal Exhibition at
Paris in LSi'wV
adjol'kxment to monday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that when the
Senate adjourn to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we are getting
to a stage of the session when we ought to work
011 Saturdays.
Several Sexatohs. There is no business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is so much to do
that it is difficult now to get the floor to call
up any measure, there is such a struggle here.
1 have had bills in my possession to report for
three or lour days, but I could not get the lloor
to report them. It seems to me we had better
meet on Saturdays,,and shorLen the session.
I submit to the Sentms 'Whether we are to ad-
journ over at this season of the year and this
stage of the session.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill reported by the
Senator fioin Michigan [Mr. Howard] is a
very important measure. It was considered in
the morning hour to-day, and he hopes to be
able to pass it to-morrow. I trust, therefore,
we shall not adjourn over.
Several Senators. Pass it to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. That Pacific railroad bill
is a very important bill, and there are gentle-
men who feel an interest in it that have not
yet seen it and who did not know 1 hat there was
any such bill here until this morning. For
myself, I should like an opportunity to examine
it and see what its bearing is.
Mr. HENDERSONS it was reported last
week.
Mr. GRIMES. It may have been reported,
but the attention of the Senate was not called
to it by any written or printed report, and I
never heard of it until to-day. I should like
to have it go over until next week.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, that when the Senate adjourn to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
-No. 200.
KEIMIiUKSEKENT 01' MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to give notice of
my intention to" ask the Senate's consideration
to a joint resolution to reimburse Massachu-
setts for expenditures for the common defense
on Monday next.
LEVY COURT OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. MORRILL. I move now that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 325.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 325) to give certain
powers to the levy court of the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia.
In addition to the existing remedy by dis-
tress for the recovery of taxes due to the levy
court in the county of Washington, real prop-
erty in the county, outside the corporate limits
of Georgetown and Washington, on which one
year's taxes shall be due and unpaid, or so
much thereof, not less than one acre, (where
the property on which the tax lias accrued is
not less than that quantity,) as may be neces-
sary to pay such taxes, with all legal costs and
charges arising thereon, may be sold at public
sale, to satisfy the taxes and expenses, by the
collector appointed by the levy court. Public
notice is to be given of the time and place of
sale by advertising once a week for eight suc-
cessive weeks in som  newspaper published in
the city of Washington, in which advertisement
shall be given a sufficient, and definite descrip-
tion of the property selected for sale, the name
of the person to whom it is assessed, and the
aggregate amount of taxes due thereon. 'The
purchaser is to pay, at the time ol' sale, the
amount of taxes due on the property so pur-
chased, with the amount of expenses of sale,
and to pay the residue of the purchase money
within ten days after the expiration of two
years from the day of sale, to the collector or
other officer of the levy court authorized to
receive the same, and the amount of the resi-
due is to be placed in the treasury of the levy
court, subject to the order of'the original pro-
prietor or proprietors of the property sold, his,
her, or their legal representatives, and the pur-
chaser is to receive a title thereto in fee-sim-
ple, by deed, under the hand of the president
of the levy court and its seal, which shall be
deemed good and valid in law and equity; but
if within two years from the day of sale, or be-
fore the purchaser or purchasers shall have paid
the residue, if any, of the purchase money, the
proprietor or proprietors of any property thus
sold, his, her, or their agents or legal represent-
atives shall repay to the purchaser the money
paid for taxes and expenses, together with ten
per cent, per annum as interest tliereon, or
make a tender thereof, or deposit the same
with (he treasurer of the levy court or other
ofiicer authorized to receive it for the use of
the purchaser and subject to liis order, he,
she, or they shall be reinstated in his, her, or
their original right and title, as if no such sale
had been made. If any purchaser shall fail to
pay the residue of the purchase money within
i the time required for any proper!y so purchased
[ by him, he shall pay ten per cent, per annum,
{ as interest thereon, in addition to the residue,
; from the expiration of the two years until the
actual payment of the residue and the reeeiv-
j ing of a conveyance, and this interest shall
j .alike be subject to the order of the original
; proprietor or proprietors as the residue of the
purchase money; but no sale is to be made of
} any improved property whereon there is per-
sonal property of sufficient value to pay the
taxes, nor of such improved property whereon
i there is not such personal property until the
I collector shall first file a sworn return with the
I clerk of the levy court that there is no such
I personal property, which return shall be prima
1 facie proof of that faet. Minors, mortgagees,
! and others having equitable liens or other in-
' terests, as creditors, in real property sold for
taxes shall be allowed one year after such mi-
nors' coming to full age, or after such mort-
gagees, or others having equitable interests,
obtaining possession of, or a decree for thfe
sale of, such property, to redeem the same
from the purchaser, his heirs, or assigns, on
paying the amount of the purchase money, with
ten per cent, interest, thereon per annum, and
the value of any improvements erected on the
property by the purchaser or his assigns while
in his possession. „
The collector may postpone, after advertise-
ment, the sale of the property advertised to
any future day, for want of bidders, or other
reasonable cause, giving public notice of the
postponement; and the sale made at such
postponed time shall be equally valid as if
made on the day stated in the advertisement.
The collector of the levy court is to have au-
thority to collect any tax lawfully imposed by
the court, by distress and sale of the goods
and chattels of the person chargeable there-
with, wherever the same may be found in the
county of Washington, out of the corporate
limits of the cities of Washington and George-
town ; but no such sale shall be made unless
ten days' previous notice thereof be given in
some newspaper printed in the city of Wash-
ington.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the bill by adding the fol-
lowing additional section:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That it, shall not
be necessary that the said levy court shall have act-
ually paid the portion of tho general expenses of tho
county of Washington, or any other expenses, a por-
tion of which cither of the cities of Washington or
(Georgetown is liable for, to enable the said court to
demand of either of said cities payment of its pro-
portion of said expenses already incurred, or for the
supreme court of tho District of Columbia to act sum-
marily in the matter and give judgment, according
to tiie provisions of tile act of July 1,1S12, entitled
,lAn act conferring certain powers on the levy court
tor tho county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
metropolitan police.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 137.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 187) to amend the acts approved August
(i, 18(51, and July Id, 1802, establishing a Met-
ropolitan police in the District of Columbia, to
increase the efficiency thereof, and for other
purposes, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill was read.
Mr. MOIIRILL. Perhaps I had better call
the attention of the Senate to the bill and state
wdiat it is in a few words before the amend-
ments are read. It is a bill, asitpurportstobe,
to amend the acts creating the Metropolitan
police of the District of Columbia. The first
section simply changes the title of the officers,
and I suppose is unimportant except that it
further authorizes tho board of commissioners
of police to appoint an additional officer whose
rank is that of captain, and also authorizes them
to appoint a clerk, twenty sergeants, and fifty
patrolmen or privates. The second section of
the bill is stricken out. The third section of
the bill, which the committee recommend, pro-
vides for the accumulation of a small fund by
the board of police as a contingent fund out of
the forfeitures and penalties which are provided
by a general law. The fourth section of the
bill provides that, hereafter no licenses for the
sale of intoxicating liquors shall be granted
except upon the approval of the board. The
other sections are simply provisions for the
enforcement of the act to which this is supple-
mental. I believe I have stated the particulars
in which this bill is a change of the metropoli-
tan system as it now exists.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in tho chair.) The amendments of the com-
mittee will be reported in their order.
The first amendment was read. It was to
strike out tho second section of the bill in the
following words:
Sue. 2. And be it further emwle,!, That on and aftei
39th Cong. 1st Kess
