1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1265
in favor of their friends, the rebels, then they
hung themselves about his neck like so many
millstones, and tried to damn him to eternal in-
famy by indorsing his policy. Will thev suc-
ceed? Will he shake them off, or go'down
with them?
But let us suffer these discordant elements
to settle their own terms of combinational best
they may. The final result caimot be doubt-
ful. If ten righteous men were needed to save
Sodom, oven Andrew Johnson will find it im-
possible to save the Democratic party.
Our path of duty is plain before us. Let
us pass this bill and such others as may be
necessary to secure protection to the loyal men
of the South. If our political opponents thwart
our purposes in this, let us go to the country
upon that issue.
I am by no means an advocate of extensive
punishment, either in the way of hanging or
confiscation, though some of both might be sal-
utary. I do not ask that full retribution be
enforced against those who have so grievously
sinned. I am willing to make forgiveness the
rule and punishment the exception ; yet 1 have
my ultimatum. I might excuse the pardon of
the traitors Lee and Davis, even after the hang-
ing of Wirz, who but obeyed their orders, orders
which he would have been shot for disobeying.
I might excuse the sparing of the master after
killing the dog whose bite but carried with it
the venom engendered in the master's soul. I
might look calmly upon a constituency ground
down bv taxation! and tell the complainants
that they have neither remedy nor hope of
vcngcancc upon the authors of their wrongs. I
might agree to tarn unpityingly from the mother
whose son fell in the Wilderness, and the widow
whose husband was starved at Audersouvillc,
and tell tliem that in the nature of things retrib-
utive justice is denied them, and that the mur-
derers of their kindred may yet sit in the
councils of their country ; yet even I have my
ultimatum. I might consent that the glorious
deeds of the last iive years should be blotted
from the country's history: that the trophies
won on a hundred battle-fields, the sublime
visible evidences of the heroic devotion of
America's citizen soldiery, should be burned
on the altar of reconstruction. I might con-
sent that the cemetery at Gettysburg should
be razed to the ground; that us soil should
be submitted to the plow, and that the lamen-
tation of the bereaved should give place to the
lowing of cattle. But there is a point beyond
which I will neither be forced nor persuaded,
i will never consent that the Government shall
desert its allies in the South and surrender their
rights and interests to the enemy, and in this I
will make no distinction of caste or color either
among friends or foes.
The people of the South were not all traitors.
Among them wore kuees that never bowed to
the Baal of secession, lips that never kissed his
image. Among the fastnesses of the mountains,
in the rural districts, far from the contagion of
political centers, the fires of patriotism still
burned, sometimes in the higher walks of life,
oftener in obscure hamlets, and still oftener
under skins as black as the hearts of those who
claimed to own them.
These people devoted all they had to their
country. The homes of some have been con-
fiscated, and thev are now fugitives from the
scenes that gladdened their childhood. Some
were cast into dungeons for refusing to fire upon
their country's flag, and still others bear the
marks of stripes inflicted for giving bread and
water to the weary soldier of the Republic, and
aiding the fugitive to escape the penalty of dis-
loyalty to treason. If the God of nations lis-
tened to the prayers thatascended from so many
altars during those eventful \ eais, it was to the
prayers of these people.
Sir, we talked of patriotism in our happy
northern homes, aud claimed credit for the part
e acted: but if the history of these, people shall
ever be written, it will make us blush that we
ever professed to love our country.
The Government now stands guard over the
lives and fortunes of these people. They are
H9tti Cong. 1st Se?s.—No. 8ft.
imploring us not to yield them up without con-
dition to those into whose hands recent events
have committed the destinies of the unfortunate
South. A nation which could thus withdraw
its protection from such allies, at such a time,
without their full andfree consent, could neither
hope for the approval of mankind nor the
blessing of Heaven.
Mr. DAVIS. During the course of the gen-
tleman's remarks, I desired to put to him a
question which has been partly answered by
his closing observations. 1 desired to ask him
whether he regards a loyal man of this country,
who was never false to his flag, who perhaps
suffered by reason of his loyalty under the pro-
scription of State laws, us an '■ enemy" to the
Government, wdiose property is liable to seizure
and confiscation.
ilr. BilOOMA LL. I do not; j-et the prop-
erty of that class of men has been seized and
confiscated in State courts in the territory in
whose behalf I should be sorry to believe the
gentleman speaks; and these people have been
denied remedy in those courts.
Mr. DAVIS. Sir, I have never spoken in
that behalf. If the gentleman so understood
me, I certainly have used language the mean-
ing of which I did not understand myself. I
have maintained, on the contrary, that it is the
solemn obligation of this Government to pro-
tect. the propeny and the person of every loyal
man. I have taken my position upon this floor
on the principle that under no circumstances
could this Government be false to the man wdio
was true to the Government in the South.
ilr. BliOOMALL. What I have been com-
plaining of is that the citizens of the United
States, whether of the North or the South,
loyal men who never took' part in treason, have
had their properly confiscated by the State
courts, and are denied remedy in the courts of
the reconstructed South : while ou the other
hand the property of traitors, acknowledged
tiaitors. condemned and confiscated bv the
Government of the United States, has been
restored to them, and they have been reinstated,
as our opponents would argue, in all their old
rights bv executive pardon.
Mr. DAVIS. So far as I am concerned, I
have taken the position upon this floor, and I
take it again, thai it is the i-olemn duty of this
Government to protect every loyal citizen in
the southern Sta' es; that no citizen has ever, by
the secession of his State, been deprived of the
right to demand fiotu this Government protec-
tion in Ins poison and his property, and I will
go as far as the geu'leman himself, oranyother
gentleman on this floor, in asseriing the power
of this Government to protect that citizen.
Mr. BKOOMALL. I propose to ask the
gentleman how he intends to do this—how he
intends to secure the rights of those people;
whether he intends to vote for this hill or any
similar measure, or whether he intendsto leave
these people at the mercy of the State courts
in whose ever hands those courts may be organ-
ized.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I will support
and auuieate any bill which does not trench
noon the constitutional rights of the States,
which is not an invasion of legitimate State
authority, which is not a usurpation by the
General Government of powers which were
never delegated to it. That is the only possi-
ble objection that I have to this bill.
Mr. BKOOMALL. Can the gentleman pre-
pare g. bill that will answer his purpose?
ilr.' DAVIS. Yes, sir, I can prepare a bill
which shall be in consonance with the Consti-
tution of the United States, and will not be in
derogation of the rights of the States reserved
under the Constitution , and such a bill this is
not.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have only to sav that
if the gentleman is able to prepare a bill that
will have the effect tins bill is intended to have,
and will not, in his judgment, be in conflict
with the Constitution of the United States, he
has not, it seems to me, performed his full
duty as a Representative in not having here
such a bill to offer as a substitute for this, be-
cause all we want is proper protection for the
rights of citizens of the United States withia
the several Stales.
Mr. THAYER. I ask my colleague to yield
to me.
Mr. BKOOMALL. Certainly.
Mr. TITA\hjIt. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York whether, in his judgment,
it is an invasion of the reserved rights of the
States to enact a law which will compel obedi-
ence on the part of everybody to a law consti-
tutional in itself, and the object of which is the
protect ion of all classes of citizens of the United
Stales ?
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, my distinguished
aud personal friend from Pennsylvania begs the
whole question when he speaks of it as a consti-
tutional law. That is the difficulty. My appre-
hension is that in this act, which [ am anxious
to support, there is a provision which is in con-
flict with the principles of the Constitution.
Mr. BROOMALL. Will the gentleman point
it out ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will. I refer to the second
section of the bill:
That any Person who. under color of any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, suall subject
or cause to b« subjected any inhabitant of any State
or Territory to the deprivation of any right secured
or protected by this act, or to different punishment,
pains, or penalties on account of such person having
at any time been hpklin a condition of slavery or in-
voluntary servitude, exccptas a punishment lbrcrime
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, or
by reason of his color or r.ice than is prescribed for
the piuiishment of white persons, shall be deemed
guilty of a lm-demcanor, and on conviction shall be
punished bv tine not exceeding $1,000, or imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or both, in the discre-
tion of the court.
Now, sir. I undertake to say that this bill
may conflict with tho rights of the States under
their constitutions. Restrictions may exist in
regard to the right of certain persons of a cer-
tain race holding title to real estate. Those
questions may arise in the State courts, and
come to the cognizance of officers appointed
by the States who arc required to execute the
process and administer the laws of those States.
1 believe, sir, if wo undertake, before the con-
stitutionality of the law shall be decided, to say
that an officer of a State who obeys the process
of State courts to which lie is responsible, shall
be liable to impeachment, arrest, and impris-
onment by authority of the law of the Federal
Go\eminent., we are infringing upon the rights
of the States, and violating constitutional pro-
visions. We shall then be assuming that the
Federal Government has power over the States
which perhaps tho courts of the Federal Gov-
ernment may say have never been delegated
by tho States.
Mr. BKOOMALL. In answer to that I have
to say, I have always lived under the impression
that ihe Constitution of the United States and
the laws made in pursuance thereof were tho
supreme law of the land, anything contained
in the constitution of a Stale to the contrary
notwithstanding. If the gentleman believes a
State constitution and laws arc above those of
tho General Government, then I wonder he
ever came to the conclusion that it was per-
fectly constitutional to coerco States, and I
believe he did come to that conclusion.
Mr. DAVIS. I never believed anv other doc-
trine. I was born under the sovereignty of the
American flag. I was born on the old Green
mountains of Vermont. I drank in the air of
freedom with my infancy ; and I breathe it,
thank God, yet. The flag of my country has
been my protection wherever I have been. I
have stood by it in the dark hours of the rebel-
lion as I stand by it now. Come what will,
obloquy, imprisonment, or torture, though my
limbs may be drawn one from another, muscle
from muscle, or bone from socket, I never will
in this land of my birth recognize any other na-
tional sovereignty than that symbolized by the
stars and stripes of the Republic.
I tell gentlemen this Government is one of
delegated powers, and that every law enacted
is circumscribed by the limitation of the Con-
stitution. The States have reserved all sover-
eignty and power which has not. been expressly
