1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
or impliedly granted to the jFederal Govern-
ment. The pole question I ask my friend is,
whether a judicial ofiicer of a State who per-
forms his duties in obedience to the laws of that
State is to be arrested and imprisoned by pro-
cess under this bill before a court of Federal
jurisdiction shall have pronounced upon the
constitutionality of this Federal law which pro-
hibits him from performing his duty as a State
officer?
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has expired.
Mr.BINGHAM. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ment to the motion to recommit.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Amend the motion to recommit by adding the words,
"with instructions to strike out of the first section of
the bill the following, to wit: ' And there shall be no
discrimination in civil rights 01- immunities among
eitizensof the (JnitedStates in anyState or Territory
of the United States on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of slavery.' Also to strikeout all parts
ol said bill which are penal and which authorize crim-
inalproceedings, and in lieu thereofto give to all cit-
izens of the United States injured by denial or viola-
tion of any of the other rights secured or protected by
said act, an action in the United States courts, with
double costs in allcases of emergency, without regard
to the amount of damages."
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I have no
intention of following the gentleman who has
just taken his seat [Mr. Broomai.j,] in his dis-
cursive remarks upon the general question of
reconstruction, nor have I any purpose of dis-
cussing the bill itself at any length, or with any
amplification of argument in regard either to
its general scope or to its details. Indeed, if
it were not for the fact that i have taken the
responsibility of offering a substitute for the
b;ll as reported by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, I should say nothing upon it at this
stage of the discussion : for I am free to con-
fess that I am not prepared to say anything
upon it at all worthy of its great importance.
"Whether we consider it by itself, simply as a
proposed statute, or in its bearings upon the
general question of the restoration of peace and
harmony to the Union, I regard it as one of
the most important bills ever presented to this
House for its action, worthy in every respect
to enlist the coolest and the calmest judgment
of eveiy member whose vote must be recorded
upon it.
The bill proposes two things: 1. To declare
who shall be citizens of the United States, and
to declare that all shall be citizens without dis-
tinction of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, who are, have been, or shall be
born within the limits and jurisdiction of the
United .States. 2. To provide for that class of
persons thus made citizens protection against
anticipated inequality of legislation in the sev-
eral States.
Both of these provisions are of the utmost
possible importance. I sm thoroughly and
heartily in favor of both, and I shall"vote for
both if I can convince myself or if others can
convince me that they fall within the powers
conferred upon Congress by the Constitution
and are demanded by the emergency of the
occasion. I have endeavored to separate the
two, and in the substitute which I have offered
I have endeavored to provide thoroughly by the
assertion of a great fundamental principle for
the attainment of the first of these objects.
The substitute which I have oii'ered declares—
.That all persons born, or hereafter to be bom,
within the limits and under the jurisdiction of the
United tiutcs, ."-hall he deemed and considered, a;.-i
are hereby declared to be, citizen- of the United
States, and entitled to all rights and privileges as
such.
That is the enunciation of a great principle
which ought, and which tinder ordinary cir-
cumstances would, secure to every citizen thus
introduced into citizenship ample and full pro-
tection in ail the rights guarantied to every
other citizen. It is not worth while, indeed I
have no desire, to conceal the fact that the spe-
cial object of that substi; ate, as indeed llie
special object of the bill, i-* to introduce into
American citizenship the four million persons
just emancipated from a condition of slavery.
I do not know that any bill is necessary for that
purpose. I am inclined to think that none is
necessary; that the moment the disabilities im-
posed upon them by the condition of servitude
were removed, that moment they became, by
virtue of that act, citizens of the United States,
and are to-day entitled to all the rights, privi-
leges. and immunities of citizenship. But we
all of us know that this point has been doubted,
has been denied in courts, in legislative halls,
and in the executive department of the Govern-
ment. Ithasbeenassertedrepeatedly, and decis-
ions are on our records to that effect, that they
are not citizens because they are of the Afri-
can race.
Now, sir, the proposition that I have intro-
duced proposes to declare, in behalf of Con-
j gress and by the exercise of whatever power
i belongs to Congress to accomplish that pur-
| pose, that they are citizens, and shall be re-
i garded as sneh from this time forward. Some
question has been raised as to the power of Con-
gress to pronounce such a decision. It has been
said that the only clause in the Constitution that
confers upon Congress any power in regard to
citizenship is that clause which empowers Con-
i gress to establish a nniform rule of naturaliza-
I tion, and tlie point has been taken here that
! that means simply to provide for the naturali-
! zation of aliens. I confess my mind has not
! been wholly clear as to the legal scope of that
clause, I know that jurists of high repute and
r courts of great authority have thus restricted
the meaning of the term "naturalization."
But, sir. if that be so, and if there be 110 other
power conferred upon Congress to declare who
j shall be citizens of the United States, it intro-
j duces a curious anomaly into our system of
; government. All the laws which Congresshas
! made in regard to naturalization have in them
; the word • • white.'' They are confined in their
j operations to whites alone. Congress has up
| to this time passed no law for the naturaliza-
; tion of anybody but free white persons coming
1 from a foreign country.
! Now, I suppose no one doubts that Con-
; gress might have left out the word "white"
J if it had seen fit, and that Congress might to-
i day pass a law to naturalize any colored alien
; coming to our shores. I take it that is univer-
1 sally conceded. Xow, if Congress may nat-
uralize a colored alien and cannot naturalize a
colored native, we have colored aliens enjoy-
ing advantages that native colored persons can-
not enjoy; the one class maybe made citizens
by act of Congress, and the other is absolutely
debarred from it. Is it possible that the Consti-
tution ever intended a distinction so invidious?
It seems to me not. There is 110 reason for sup-
■ posing that the Constitution ever contemplated
! or intended to confer power upon Congress to
| do for the alien whpl it, could not do for one of
| its own native-born citizens.
I am inclined to think, therefore, that the
c word naturalization:: may very properly, so
far as legislative purposes are concerned, be
construed in a larger and more liberal sense :
that we may fairly regard the power of nat-
uralization conferred on Congress as ample,
and as including the power to introduce into
citizenship those who are now excluded from it,
! whether native or alien born.
: But not to dwell upon that point—for I am
1 not prepared to argue it in detail—even if that
I cannot oe done by the direct authority of Con-
gress conferred in that clause of the Constitu-
tion. J do no! sec where we get any authority to
1 except these native-born Africans from the gen-
| eral rule of law that all born upon the sqil are
! subjects or citizens of the Government. That
; is the rule in England, it is the rule in France,
I it is, and always has been, the rule in this coun-
try. There are only two classes of citizens, so
far as I can detect, provided for in the Consti-
tution of the United States. I11 the .second
article, I think, it is declared that none but a
l: natural-born citizen" shall be President of
the United States. That clause, and the one
relating to naturalization, implying that there
may be naturalized citizens, are the only two
clauses designating the classes of citizens within
the contemplation of the Constitution of the
United States.
Now, where is the authority to except the
native-born African from the application of the
general rule of law that every native shall be a
citizen of the country on whose soil he is born?
Is there anything in the Constitution which ex-
cepts him ? Is there anything implying or con-
ferring on Congress the power to except him?
I cannot find it. I can find 110 such power con-
ferred, and no such power has ever been exer-
cised.
Now, sir, I do not propose to argue further
this power of constitutionality. It will come
up often enough in debate if this bill should
fail to become a law and the substitute I have
offered be reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, as I understand will be done. And
when that bill shall come up for discussion, I
shall take great pleasure in examining this
subject further and responding to any inquiry
that gentlemen propose to put to me in regard
to its principles.
Now, sir, assuming as I do, without any fur-
ther argument, that Congress has the power of
admitting to citizenship this great class of per-
sons, just set free by the amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States abolishing slavery,
I suppose I need not dwell here on the great
importance to that class of persons of having
this boon conferred upon them.
Vie have already conferred upon them the
great, inestimable, priceless boon of personal
liberty. I cannot for one moment yield to what
seems to be a general disposition to disparage
the freedom we have given tbem. I think the
fact that we have conferred upon four million
people that personal liberty and freedom from
servitude from this time forward for evermore,
is one of the highest and most beneficent acts
ever performed by any Government toward so
large a class of its people.
Having gone thus far, I desire to go on by suc-
cessive steps still farther, and to elevate them
in all respects, so far as their faculties will al-
low and our power will permit us to do, to an
equality with the other persons and races in
this country. I desire, as the next step in the
process of elevating that race, to give them the
rights of citizenship, or to declare by solemn
statute that they are citizens of the United
States, and thus secure to them whatever rights,
immunities, privileges, and powers belong as
of right to all citizens of the United States. I
hope 110 one will be prepared or inclined to say
that this is a trifling boon. If we do so esti-
mate that great privilege, I fear we are scarcely
in the frame of mind to act upon the great
questions coming before us from day to day
here. I for one am not prepared or inclined to
disparage American citizenship as a personal
qualification belonging to myself or as con-
ferred upon any of our fellow-citizens.
Sir. the right of citizenship involves every-
thing1 else. Make the colored man a citizen of
the (JnitedStates and he has every right which
you or I have as citizens of the United States
under the laws and Constitution of the United
States. He has the right of free passage from
one State to another, any law in any State to
the contrary notwithstanding. He has a de-
fined status; he has a country and a home; a
right to defend himself and his wife and chil-
dren; a right to bear arms ; a right to testify
in the Federal courts; he has ail those rights
that tend to elevate him and educate him for
still higher reaches in the process of elevation.
And it is not among the least of the advan-
tages of conferring upon him tlie right of citi-
zenship that it will have and constantly exor-
cise upon him an educating process. Nor is
it an advantage second to 1hat, that giving him
the right of citizenship will teach all others of
his fellow-citizens of all races to respect him
more, and to aid him in his steps for constant
progress and advancement in the rights and
duties that belong to citizenship. He will have
access to the courts as a citizen of the United
Slates the same as any other citizen has. And
if in any State court his rights under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States are
denied him, he has the right to take his cause
into a Federal court and there have it tried
