414(5
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I move as an amendment
to that the proposition which I moved in ref-
erence to the State Department. We have
already by a large vote voted to increase our
own pay. We have also now voted to increase
the pay of the servants of the Senate Chamber.
I think we ought to do justice now to that other
class in the State Department. They are not
numerous, they are poor, they do need this,
and I ask you now for the last time to do them
this justice.
Mv. HOWE. I should like to have the amend-
ment reported.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to add:
And that there be paid to the several clerks of the
Bo bailment of State twenty per cent, on the compen-
sation m>v allowed to eaeh,to commence from the
SOtli of J ano, i.oG~% and to continue until repealed by
Congress; and a sum sufficient for this purpose is
liereoy apnronri.ited outof any money in the Trcas-
my not udieiwise appropnateil.
itr. EDMUNDS. 1 should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relation-! if we have not increased the com-
pensation of the chief clerk of the St ate Depart-
ment already at this session.
Mr. HUMNEIl. We have not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did we not pass a bill of
that sort,'.'
Mr. SUMNER. We have created in the
State Department, an office of Second Assist-
ant Secretary of State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment goes
back a year and pays them for the year past.
Mr. SUMNER. I know it does.
Mr. KESbENDEN. [ hope the Senator will
amend that, at any rate.
ilr SUMNER. If the Senator from Maine
will accept it with that amendment I will con-
sent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; T shall vote
against it anyhow.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. I hope the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts will reserve this
proposition to go on the other bill. Tt is in
the nature of a deficiency.
Mr. SUMNER. I should be willing to do
so if I could have a general understanding that
it shall jjj) on the oilier bill
Mr. FUSS EX DEN. You can move it.
Mr. DUOLITTLE. You cannot get it on
this bill, and may on that.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw it, then, for the
purpose of moving it on the deficiency bill.
The PRES11) liNT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Massachu-
setts to withdraw his amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw it, with the
understanding that it is to be moved on the
deficiency bill.
Mr. (HUMES. I want to amend my propo-
sition so as to provide for the time when it shall
take effect, and I suppose the most proper
time would be the beginning of the present
session of Congress. I make that modifica-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest to the Senator that
it should commence with the beginning of
some fiscal year.
Mr. CRIMES. That is not necessary. So
far as the statement of the accounts of our
financial agents is concerned, it does not make
any difleience whether we begin with the fiscal
year or not. J propose that we commence from
the first Monday in December last.
The P KESID ENT pro tempore. The araend-
ment will be so modified at the suggestion of
the mover, and the question is on the amend-
ment as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to propose this
amendment, to come in after line one hundred
and eighteen, on page 6:
For compensation to the consul at Quebec, in
Canada,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now renew my amend-
ment, and I hope my want of taet in present-
ing the matter before will not injure a very
important measure with the Senate. I hope
the Senate will let it go on this bill. It is to
insert as an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That the sum of $8,000
hereby appropriated outof any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated for the preservation
of the harbor o^Provincetown, Massachusetts, the
same to be expended under the supervision of a
commission or board of officers to be appointed by
the Secretary of War.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think when Senators
reflect a moment there will not be anybody
objecting to this amendment. The work is
recommended by the proper Department; there
is no question about its propriety; and the
Senator from Rhode Island was instructed
from his committee to report the proposition
to another bill, but he was necessarily absent
from the Senate on that day and did not offer
it to that bill, and he therefore feels personally
somewhat embarrassed about it. Now, I am
sure, as the measure is right and proper in
itself, and ordered by the proper Department,
we shall relieve the Senator from any sort of
embarrassment he feels about it, and add it to
this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I move to add to the list
of employes to whom we have given twenty
per cent, the members of the Capitol police
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are employes of
the Senate. They come under that head.
Mr. HOWARD, and others. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We increase their pay
somewhere.
Mr. POLAND. They are not employes of
the Senate any more than of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are not emploj'ed
by the Senate. They are employed by the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
had better wait until the next bill comes and
see if their pay has not been increased. That
is my impression.
Mr. NYE. 1 am quite certain that it has
not been. It is the pay of the police of the
city that has been increased. These police-
men here have to stay the year round; the
other employes can go away; so that their
expenses are very much increased.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert after the word "Library" the
words "and the members of the Capitol po-
lice."
Mr. SHERMAN. I knew a provision for
these men was in some bill, and I have found
it in the deficiency bill, which will be consid-
ered to-morrow. In section three of the House
deficiency bill there is a provision for the
increase of the pay of the employes of the
House of Representatives, ''including the
Capitol police," so that it ought not to be put
here.
Mr. nOWARD. How much is it increased?
Mr. SHERMAN. Twenty-five per cent. We
shall have that bill before us to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like t0> ask the
Senator from Ohio whether the committee who
report that bill recommcnd that the Capitol
police be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be before the
Senate to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question I ask is
whether the committee recommend that that
be paid or that the clause be struck out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee have
not struck it out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you recommend
that it be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the best of my
recollection. The bill is before you.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate will have it
in its power to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the Senator from
Ohio to inform the Senate what tb« -  -pose of
the committee is as to the Capitol police. It
is obviously just that these men——
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing to do with
that bill. I was not present when it was con-
sidered in committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator we have gone all over that bill, and I have
not the. slightest recollection that we struck
that out 1 do not believe we did, but it is on
the table somewhere."
Mr. SHERMAN. It will come up to-mor-
row, at any rate.
Mr. POLAND. I withdraw the amendment
under those circumstances.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R„ No. 605) to amend an act to
establish the judicial courts of the United
States, approved September 24, 1789; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 195) to extend
the provisions of the act of July 4, 1864, lim-
iting the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims to
the loyal citizens of Tennessee.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 387) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending 30th June, 18C7, and for
other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 480) to provide for and to
regulate the weighing-of exports, and for other
purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 775) to establish certain
post roads.
committee on retrenchment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, in pursu-
ance of the order of the Senate of the 23d in-
stant, appointed Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Williams,
and Mr. Buokalew as the members of the
joint committee on retrenchment on the part
of the Senate.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 605) to amend an act
to establish the judicial courts of the United
States, approved September 24, 1789, and the
joint resolution (H. 11. No. 195) to extend the
provisions of the act of July 4, 1864, limiting
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims to the
loyal citizens of Tennessee, were severally read
twice by their titles and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
deficiencies in appropriations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to take up
the bill making appropriations for deficiencies
with a view to have that the order of business
for to-morrow. It is House bill No. 791.
Mr. WILSON. Before that is taken up I
want some little understanding about business.
I thought that when we got through with the
appropriation bill just disposed of we were to
take up the House bill in regard to bounties.
Now, I find that the Senator is pressing an-
other appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator tried that
measure on the bill we have just passed.
Mr. WILSON. Yes ; but I propose to take
up the House bounty bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill must go back
to the House with the disagreements.
The motion of Mr. fessenden was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned at five minutes before one o'clock.
