1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2227
completion of this machinery; when the Sen-
ator cannot say that these men bythe exercise
of the greatest diligence could have completed
it within the seven months; when that longer
time necessarily added very much to the cost
.of the work; when it is considered tliat_ they
were deceived—I will not say deceived ; it was
not intentional on the part of the Department,
unquestionably—but misled in regard to the
weight of the engines, and they weighed greatly
more than was anticipated when they made
their bids; when it appears that with diligence
they did prosecute the work, because there is
no complaint on the part of the Government
that they did not, and in some cases Congress
relieved tliem and in some cases the Depart-
ment relieved them in regard to the time ; when
it is shown that the Department thought they
were finished as soon as was possible in one
case—when all this is considered, and these
men have done good work at as early a day as
possible, will not Congress relieve them from
the great loss which resulted from these mis-
takes mutual between the contractors and the
Department? It seems to me, notwithstanding
the critical argument made by the Senator from
New Hampshire, that there ought to be relief.
Mr. President, I now submit the case so far
as I am concerned, to the sense of justice of
the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I have but a word or two
in reply, and it is not so much in reply as it is
in aid of a suggestion or two made by the Sen-
atorfrom Indiana. I think, takingthe Senator's
statement to be entirely true, it shows con-
clusively that this kind of legislation that we
are attempting here now is not the proper, in-
telligent legislation that we ought to have.
Now, supposing these engines to have been
heavier than any of the contractors contem-
plated, how much heavier were they? Does
the Senator know, except in one case where a
person says that the one which he built was so
heavy ? Before we can legislate intelligently
we ought to have from the Department the
weight of these engines, if the contractors
complain of that, and know how much heavier
they were.
Mr. HENDRICKS. They were all of one
style.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that some of
these people do not complain of that. Many
of them do not complain that they were de-
ceived in the weight; some do. If we could
have the weight of these engines we could then
know if that was a matter of equity, how much
equity there was in the case.
Taking the matter of time, the Senator says
that the Department was satisfied the time was
not long enough. Do we know how much time
the Departmentthoughtwaslongenough? Do
we know how far the Department relieved them
in regard to the time? We should have the
information from the Department in all these
cases before we can legislate intelligently. It
is to this blind method of legislation that I so
much object. It maybe true, as I stated before,
that the Government will have to pay as much
in the end as this twelve per cent, would be;
but I do not like this method of legislation. I
want the people who are deserving of it to
have the money, and those who are not deserv-
ing of it, if there be such, not to have it.
Mr. NYE. I have only two or three sen-
tences to utter in regard to this bill, and 1 may
as well commence where the Senator from
New Hampshire left off. He says we ought to
have evidence from the Department in regard
to the increased weight of this machinery.
Sir, this question was examined before the
Department itself. The Senator from New
Hampshire seems to forget that it was the very
Department to which he refers that made this
examination; and if there had existed in the
Department the power to gainsay the evidence
that was given by these contractors, I believe
it is a fair presumption that it would have been
given. This board was no tribunal of ours.
If there were any omissions on the part of this
board, it was not the fault of this Senate or of
the contractors. The Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] read here the other day the criticisms
and strictures of Mr. Isherwood on these claims.
I do not understand that in that communica-
tion there was any complaint or any sort of
denial of the fact that this machinery was
heavier than that of the Paul Jones. The
Paul Jones was familiar to this board undoubt-
edly, and they understood the fact to be pre-
cisely as these contractors testified. Their
report was before the Department and con-
sidered by it long before it came before the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The misfortune that the Senator from New
Hampshire seems to be laboring under is,
that nobody has examined this case but him,
and because he found a wrong name in one
placc he turned round with quite a theatrical
air of triumph, as much as to say, "I would
impeach not only the intelligence but the
integrity of the committee to which this sub-
ject was referred," and with an air of triumph
ho attempted to render us some aid. The fact
appeared that the committee jointly happened
to be as wise as the Senator separately, and
found out the same thing that he found from
examining the report. I congratulate the com-
mittee jointly that they were able to do what
the Senator could do alone!
My friend from Now Hampshire has argued
this case as a very critical lawyer, and it
seemed to me that he fell into the error of
supposing that he was defending some one in
New Hampshire, or somewhere else, against
a legal claim made to recover in these several
cases. Sir, the committee that made this
report placed the report upon no such foun-
dation. They have reported that these ships
honestly cost these people, from the evidence
that satisfied the commission appointed by the
Government itself, so many dollars and so
many cents. The appeal is not in the charac-
ter of a legal claim, but it is an appeal of hon-
est men that have labored honestly, that have
not let their furnaces go unlieated, whose ham-
mers have been heard night and day ; and for
what? To aid this Government in construct-
ing a navy that is to-day its proudest boast.
My friend from Now Hampshire seems to
hang upon this question of " time'" as though
it was a very important thing. " It is so nom-
inated in the bond," says the Senator from
New Hampshire. He returns to the bond. He
argues well if this Government turns Shylock;
but he does not argue well when an appeal is
made to the sense of justice of this Govern-
ment. Time, sir I It is patent to everybody
that time in regard to these Government con-
tracts has not been observed by any contractor.
The whole country was in a state of wild con-
fusion. Time! Why, sir, the time was set
for MeClellan to go into Richmond, when ho
marched out with the proudest army that ever
went from here; but he did not get there at
all. The time was set for peace, by the distin-
guished Secretary of State, in sixty days after
the troubles commenced ; and yet the contro-
versy lasted four long  years. So far as that
distinguished officer of the Government could
fix the time, he fixed it; but instead of sixty
we had more than fourteen hundred days of
bloody strife.
The Senator says these contractors have
kept the Government out of the use of these
vessels. What is the fact ? The fact is, that
the Government yards and every private facil-
ity for the construction of ships in this whole
country were engaged. Besides, Congress
passed a law providing that the laborers in the
Government navy-yards should not be sub-
jected to draft; but they passed no such law in
regard to the private yards of this country.
The fact is, that when these contractors got
their shops full of men, the strong arm of this
Government would come along and sweep them
out in a day by a draft; or, just as fatal to
them, by bidding a thousand dollars' bounty to
every one who would enlist as a soldier, and a
private workshop or a ship-building yard would
be cleared in a single day. These facts are
not proved; they are patent. There are some
things that everybody knows; they are stamped
indelibly upon the tablets of onr memory; and
amonj* those things is the fact that the exigen-
cies ot the country required these men in these
several vocations; ana the universal testimony
of this entire report is that the labor which
they were able to procure was of an inferior
character, and had to be paid for at' high
prices, and was obtained with difficulty. Does
the Government desire that proved? It is
written on every page of history for the last
four years. It is patent.
Sir, this Government acted far more magnan-
imously than its distinguished advocate from
New Hampshire now does. They did not hang ,
upon time. They were glad to get these ships
whenever they came. They would have been
glad to get'them sooner, and they wo,uld have
taken them later had they come. My friend,
with a great deal of assurance of manner at
least, and I presume he felt so from the strength
of his argument, asks us, would an individual
do it? I answer yes, if the individual's neces-
sities were as great as the necessities of this
country, and he would have been glad to doit.
An individual who will stand upon the bond
when a man has given him a superior article,
and heavier than he contracted for, and say
"I will take it, because it is so nominated in
the bond," is not an honest man ; and, sir, you
would not trust him, nor would the Senator
from New Hampshire trust him; and he could
not get trusted in a country store in the State
of New Hampshire.
I was utterly surprised at the pertinacity
with which the Senator from New Hampshire
adhered to this question of time. Sir, the
truth is this Government "took no note of
time save by its loss" during this struggle.
It was all time and no time with them. For
four years there has been no note of time sav 
in preparation for bloody strife. I repeat again,
I was utterly surprised to hear the distinguished
Senator from New Hampshire, who is gener-
ally so generous, and takes such enlarged views
of things, nail his objection to this measure on
the question of time. Why did he do it? To
show that this excess of cost arose from the
delay of these contractors. Is there a particle
of evidence of that sort in this case? Is not
the contrary apparent throughout, that they
strained every nerve to complete these vessels
in time ? They had two controlling motives to
do it: first, in order to help to rescue the Gov-
ernment they loved from its peril; and next,
because every day told them prices were increas-
ing enormously ; and yet my friend says they
must suffer the entire loss occasioned by this
delay.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to make two or
three statements that are matters of history,
and my friend will find them to be so if he goes
to the Department. I have but one single
acquaintance in this whole lot of contractors,
but I have taken occasion to look a little into
the record. Mr. Quintard has built ten ships
for this Government.
Mr. CLARK. Thirteen.
Mr. NYE. No, sir.
Mr. CLARK. He told me so.
Mr. NYE. I guess you are mistaken, be-
cause he gave me the names.
Mr. CLARK. He told me he had built
thirteen.
Mr. NYE. Well, all the better, as I am so
often wrong and my distinguished friend always
right. I understood that he built ten ships
entire, and the machinery for three.
Mr. CLARK. That is what he may havo
meant by the thirteen.
Mr. NYE. I have it in writing from him.
He has built ten ships, and the evidence can
be obtained, if myfrend desires to consult tha
Department, that not one of those ships_ did
he want to build: and he has never built a
ship for the Government upon which he has
not sustained a loss. He tells me—and George
Quintard tells the truth always—that thesa
things were urged upon him. The Govern-
ment said they could not do without them;
he must do them; they could not get them
doneanywhere else. And yet, amid this whol 
