1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
414:7
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, July 25, I860.
The House met at eleven o' clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Eev.'C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RAILROAD TO HUMBOLDT HAY.
Mr. McRUER. I move that the Committee
on Public Lands be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (S. No. 133) entitled
"An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
waters of the bay of San Francisco to Hum-
boldt bay, in the State of California," and that
the bill be laid on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
PROMOTION OF .NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, with amendments, the bill (H. R.
No. 067) to prevent officers of the Navy from
being deprived of their regular promotion on
account of wounds received in battle.
The bill provides that the provision of sec-
tion four of the act to amend an aci entitled
"An act to establish and equalize the guide of
line officers of the United States Navy,1' ap-
proved July 10, 1802, requiring that no officer
in the naval service shall be promoted to a
higher grade upon the active list until he bus
been examined by a board of naval surgeons
and pronounced physically qualified to perform
all his duties at sea, shall not be construed to
apply to and exclude from the promotion to
which he would otherwise be regularly entitled
any officer in whose case such medical board
shall report that his physical disqualification
was occasioned by wounds received in battle.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs was read, as follows:
At the end of line fourteen insert the folio wins?:
In the lino of his duty, and that such wound docs
not incapacitato him for other duties in the grade to
which he shall be promoted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
Add the following as a new section :
fc)KC. 2. And he it fiuthcr cnactetf. That the rate of
pay of ofliecrs oi the Navy on the lelircd li&t and
nol on duty, when retired on furlough pny, in (inscs
where such rate of pay has not heretofore been fixed
by law, sluili be one half of the p;iy to which such oili-
cerrf would be entitled if on duty at sea; and the pny of
clerks to commandants of navy-yards and of clerks
to naval store-keepers is hereby increased twenty-
five per cent, upon their present salaries fiom the
commencement of the present tiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
Add the following a new section :
{Sue. Ami be it further enucteil, That the proper
accounting otlieers ot the Treasury be, and they aio
hereby, authorized, in the settlement of the accounts
of th o disbursing otiicers of the Navy and Marine corps,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of the Navy,
to allow such credits for losses of property and funds
as have occurred duiing the late rebellion, or shall
occur hereafter, and which shall appear to them, by
such vouchors and testimony as they shall require, to
have been occasioned by accidental circumstance?,
or a condition of things over which such officers had
no control, and for which they arc not justly re-
sponsible.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tlie bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. illCE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SITB t'Oil NAVAL DEPOT.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, presented the following resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Connecticut in re-
gard to the selection of New London, Connec-
ticut, as a site for a naval depot; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs and
ordered to be printed:
At a General Assembly of the State of Connecticut,
holden at New Haven, in said State, on the first
Wednesday m May, in the year ot our Lord 1806.
Whereas the city ot New London has offered to the
United States, as a gift, three miles of shore line on
the Thames river, with all the land adjacent thereto
which may be required for an iron-clad navy-yard,
and whereas a "competent board of officers" ap-
pointed under an act of Congress in 1862, charged with
the special duty of selecting the most eligible site for
the purpose, after a "thorough examination and
survey of League Island," of "the harbor of New
London anS its surroundings," and "the waters of
Narragansett bay," mado report that "the public
interest will not be promoted by acquiring title to
League Island for naval purposes," and "that the
harbor of New London possesses greater advantages
for a navy-yard and naval depot than any other loca-
tion examined by this board;" and whereas in 188 i the
Committee of Naval Affairs of the Honso of Repre-
sentatives, "after a very thorough and careful con-
sideration of the whole subject," concurred with tho
" board of officers" in their report, and recommended
the acceptance of New London instead of League
Island: and whereas the House of Representatives
of tho United States have dining tho present session
passed an act authorizing tho Secretary of the Navy
to accept the title to League Island on certain con-
ditions, to tho exclusion ot all other sites, notwith-
standing tho two reports they mado against iN ac-
ceptance: and whereas it is of national importance
that the best site for the proposed navy-yard should
be sccuicd bv tho United States: Therefore,
Jiesolverf, That wo do earnestly request our Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress to uso every
proper effort to obtain the passage of an act whereby
the comparative merits of each site ottered for tho
purpose may bo ascertained with a view to the adop-
tion of that one by which the public interest will bo
hot promoted.
Jicwfaet/, That a copy of the foregoing preamble
and resolution be transmitted to the Senators and
Representatives from this Slate.
Approved, Juno 27,1SG6,
RAILROAD TO TEXAS.
Mr. DELANO. I move that tho Committee
on Public Lands be discharged from the farther
consideration of the bill (S. No. 2Aj) to revive
and extend the provisions of an act granting
the right of way and making a grant of land to
the States of Arkansas and Missouri, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from a point upon
the Mississippi opposite the mouth of the Ohio
river, via Little Hock, to the Texas boundary,
near Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to
Fort Smith and the Mississippi river, approved
February !), 1S53, and for other purposes ; and
that the same be laid on the Speaker's table.
Tho motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL (AMI SCHOOL.
Mr. KASSOX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate tho National Farm
School; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask whether
this bill makes any appropriation of any sort.
Mr. KASSON. Not at all. I will slate,
Mr. Speaker, that a philanthropic French gen-
tleman of New York has already established
a. school farm for the purposes indicated in
the net, and 1 understand it is now in opera-
tion in this District, lie simply desires an
act of incorporation recognizing his institu-
tion, and writes me that it will probably aid
him in obtaining funds from philanthropists
abroad, in aid of his object. The incorpora-
tor named is Henri de Mareil I do not know
tho names of his associates. I have exhibited
the bill to gentlemen on both sides of the
House, and there is no objection to it
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
IXQUriiY INTO ITI'.I.IC EXriiXDITtnng.
Mr. HITLBURD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, conquered, and agreed to :
Jiesohed. Xhattlic powers conferred upontlie Com-
mittee on Public Expetulihn cs by a resolution of tho
House adopted April SO, liW'i, be enlarged to such an
extent that said committee be authorized to inquire
into any and all public expenditures, receipts, and
keeping of the public moneys by otlieers of the Gov-
ernment ; and the uoinmitteo are authorized to em-
ploy a clerk.
Mr. HCJLBURD moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider 011
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT HOUSE STENOGRAPHER,
Mr. ROLLINS, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, by unanimous consent, reported the
following resolution :
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to ap-
point a competent stenographer as assistant official
reporter to the committees of the House, who shall
be paid out of tho contingent fund, commencing 1st
of June, 1866, the same compensation paid to such
official reporter, whose term of service shall expire
March 4,1867.
Mr. JOHNSON. That has been up before,
but no one has stated what this reporter is t,o
do. Who is to control his services? If the
Speaker is to control them then let the resolu-
tion say so. If he is to be used by members
who have no clerks to their committees let us
know it.
Mr. ROLLINS. He is to assist the official
reporter for the committees. If the gentleman
had been present when tho resolution was intro-
duced and referred to the Committee of Ac-
counts, and had heard the discussion, lie would
have known the reason for the resolution. Wo
have modified it so as to provide for this reporter
only during the present Congress, ills term
of oiliee is to close at the expiration of the
present Congress, the 4th of March, 18G7. He
is to assist the present official reporter, who
has more than lie can do, and who will be
obliged to pay out more than I10 receives.
Mr. JOHNSON. We cannot appoint this
reporter on a simple resolution. 1 was not
present when the resolution was introduced,
and therefore waive all further objection.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. This session
is within a few days of its close, and 1 would
like tw know the reason for the appointment of
an additional reporter.
Mr. ROLLINS. I will inform the House
there are two or three special committees which
arc to sit during the recess, and it will be im-
possible for one reporter to be present at more
than one place at a time.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT NAVIGATION.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back Ilouse bill No. 92,
to ascertain thopracticability of having a steam-
boat navigation from the Chesapeake bay, at
the mouth of the Susquehanna river, to Lake
Ontario, in the State of Now York.
Tho first section was read, as follows:
That the Secretary of War bo, and is horeby, au-
thorized and required to cause a survey to be inn do,
by compel en t engineers, of the Susquehanna livtsr
from tho Ohesapc 'ke bay to tho southern line of the
State of New Yoik, and also a survey from tho said
line to IY>l:e Ontario, with a view to ascertain the
practicability ot .1 communication by steamboats from
the Chesapeake bay 10 said lake, and to report ac-
cordingly ; ami a bo, if any part of said route is deemed
practicable, then to e.io-e to be mado an estimate of
the probable cost of the work, and report the same.
Mr. MILLElt moved to add the following:
And also to examine and report whether the west
branch of the Susquehanna river, or any part of it,
can be made practicable for steamboat navigation.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. There was some difficulty
about the second section, as it makes an appro-
priation. It is as follows :
Si:c. 2. And he it further enacted. That in order to
defray incidental expenses in carrying out the pro-
viMonsof this act, the Secretary of Wur is authorized
to draw his warrant on the Treasury, to be paid out
of any money not otherwise appropriated: Provided,
That the money to be drawn shall not exceed tho
sum of £20,(WO.
I move that it be stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. I should like to know whether
the Committee on Roads and Canals recom-
mended the passage of this bill.
Mr. MILLER. The committee authorized
me to make the report without taking action
for or against it. The question was in regard
to the second section, and that has Been
stricken out. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. BERGEN demanded teller^,
