1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have exacted such, tremendous losses in their
glorious ranks, and the heroic dead would not
have been sacrificed upon the altars of shriek-
ing fanatics. History will record the white sol-
diers as foremost among the illustrious throng,
resting in the immortality of their national
fame, won by their heroic qualities and eminent
services, whose daring bravery opened the way
to crowning victory, and around whom will
cluster the peculiar warmth, gratitude, and
affections of the white men and women of this
land. Their deeds have proven them to be
warriors of the highest order, and their life in
war has shown them to be the very type and
model of Christian heroes. From the first
battles in Virginia to the final blow in the war,
their dauntless valor was exhibited in every
field. They have, in the opinion of people who
love the white as much or more than the black
race, reaped a rich harvest of fame, become
an example to their countrymen and the admi-
ration of the civilized world, and the memory
of their deeds and the spirit they inspired
glows through the hearts ot their countrymen
to-day in raptures of love for their valor, pa-
triotism, and self devotion. The names of such
martyrs to republican liberty and independence
canonize them to the faith and devotion of the
lovers of their country, and constitute a resist-
less appeal to the justice of God aud the sym-
pathies of mankind to save them from negro
suffrage in this land.
Ah, sir, this negro question has already cost
the lives of a million of brave soldiers. It lias
placed on the shoulders of ourselves and those
who shall come after us adebtof $3,000,000,000.
It has carried desolation and anguish to thou-
sands of homes in every State of this Union.
It has orphaned a countless myriad of wan and
woe-stricken children, in whose homes destitu-
tion has taken its abode, and whose wail of dis-
tress rises this day to heaven. The fathers and
relatives of such as these are the men by whose
aid the rebellion has been suppressed. Shall
the brave soldiers of our Army be now, by any
kind of extreme and radical legislation, put
upon an equality with the very men whom they
fought to free ?
Why, sir, the negroes have gained more by
this rebellion than any other class of people in
this country. They have gained the blessed
heritage of freedom 5 freedom to breathe the air
of heaven and walk the earth with no one to
molest them or make them afraid. What a great
and glorious work, our opponents claim, has
been achieved by the white people of this
country; a work by which four million down-
trodden slaves have received the blessing of
freedom. Ought not the negroes to bo contented
with what they have gained by this war? Why
should we seek to introduce into our political
system, for their benefit, a principle to which
our fathers gave no sanction in the establish-
ment of the Government, and which must tend
to degrade the high character of American citi-
zenship in the eyes of the enlightened world ?
This question has its -weight, upon both sides.
Where is the foreigner, the Irishman, the
Frenchman, the German, the Scotchman—I
ask thorn why they left llieir native land ? Why
did they leave the pleasant banks of the Rhine
and the Ilhone? Why did they leave the vine-
clad hills of France and Germany? They left
them because they were told that there was a
social equality among the white men of this
country: that a man, however poor, who had
to carry the hod or to dig the diteh, was enti-
tled to come in at the time of an election and
cast his ballot equally -with the richest and
noblest in the land. I say that those foreign-
ers had better have remained in their native
land; that their ships had better have been
stranded upon the coasts of Ireland and Scot-
land, .England or France, than to have come
here to have themselves degraded and to be
placed in a social position where equally with
themselves negroes shall be allowed to exer-
cise the great right of suffrage at the ballot-
box.
Why, if you have to have these men vote be-
cause they have fought in the Army, then I
want all the women who went down into the
Army to administer to the suffering soldiers
to be equally entitled to vote. I want all from
the age of ten and upward, all who were in
the Army, from the youngest drummer boy up
to the age of twenty-one, to vote, without
regard to whether they are twenty-one or
not. Nobody, however, seems to be legis-
lating for them. No one takes into consid-
eration the great benefits that those under
the age of twenty-one have bestowed upon
the country. They are entirely left in the dark.
But this mighty, influential, African negro, who
by the laws of God has been imprinted with a
black color, seems to receive not only the only,
but all the consideration of the House. His
name is mentioned in almost every subject
■which interests us.
_ It is not pretended that suffrage is a natural
right, except by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley,] who says that they have
the right hy the laws of God. He says that
the arguments against it have neither Christian-
ity nor humanity about them. He says that
they have the right to exercise this right by
nature. He says that the black man has by
nature the same rights as the white man. He
says that the negro has the same right that we
had under the Constitution to put down re-
bellion—the right of self-defense. He says
that he has the right to excrcisc that right of
self-dcfcnsc—that he is as much entitled to it
as any white man, however high he may be.
I suppose gentlemen have not forgotten that
the negroes were not so loyal. How few of
the four million slaves took advantage of the
emancipation proclamation of Abraham Lin-
coln ! The records of the war show that while
a few of them came into the ranks of the Fed-
eral Army, the great body of them remained
true and loyal to the South.
We are told by the honorable gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] that this is a bad governed
city, and that its inhabitants have sympathy
•with the rebellion. It is perfectly immate-
rial whether the people are loyal or disloyal.
I would no sooner go for such a law in South
Carolina than in New Jersey or this District.
I am for leaving that to the people of each State
and this District to act for themselves. Now,
sir, in every State where the negro-suffrage ques-
tion has been submitted to the people, it has
been repudiated by large majorities, and the
Representatives of those people come here, and
insist on forcing negro suffrage on the people
of this District. I am for exercising toward the
people of the South the greatest charity, and am
for admitting them at once to full represent-
ation. I am for the Union in fact. But the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] takes issue with the President in his
enunciation of the doctrine that each State has
sovereign power and control over the question
of suffrage, and he claims that the Constitution
of the United States confers the power upon
Congress to regulate the qualifications for suf-
rage in each State, and quotes to prove his po-
sition the following clause of the Constitution:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may, at any time, by law make or alter
such regulations, except as to the placcs of choosing
Senators."
That clause has no relation to the qualifica-
tions of the voters, but only to the times, man-
ner, and places of holding elections; and the
question of qualifications was settled in the
Constitution by the second section of the first
article, which declares that the electors in each
State shall have the qualifications requisite for
electors of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature.
The people of this District have already repu-
diated negro suffrage by over six thousand in this
city, with only thirty-five in favor,and in George-
town there was but one vote in its favor, Dem-
ocrats, soldiers, and Republicans all voting
against it in both cities.
Mr. DAVIS rose.
Mr. BR ANDEGEE. I'object to any further
interruption.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to yield for a personal explanation, -
Mr. DAVIS. "I want to ask the gentleman
from New Jersey what number of black sol-
diers were enrolled in the armies of the Re-
public.
Mr. ROGERS. I have not the statistics to
answer the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIS. There were over two hundred
and forty-one thousand of them.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to this, be-
cause it leads to difficulty among friends.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. I do not know how many
negroes were enlisted in our armies, but I know
that they were nothing like the proportion of.
white 'men.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to state that their
population in this country in 1860 was some-
thing over four millions, and that the percent-
age of black troops which entered the armies
of the Republic was almost as great as the per-
centage in the free States of white people who
entered those armies.
I am obliged to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania for his sarcasm, which I intend to
answer when I have an opportunity upon this
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Or outside of these walls.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. ROGERS. I know that the State of
Kentucky furnished no negroes at all. The
States of Delaware and Maryland may have
furnished a few. The State of New Jersey
furnished none. The great body of our armies
which put down this rebellion was composed
of white men.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's second
hour has now expired.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that he be allowed
to go 011 for the rest of the season. [Laughter. ]
Mr. GRINNELL. I object.
Mr. ROGERS. It is not fair to object when
I have been so frequently interrupted.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the gentleman from.
Iowa to withdraw liis objection.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, I have
been appealed t o by my friends about me to
withdraw my objection. I would do so for but
one thing. I have been visited with the mali-
dictions of some of my friends for the lasthour,
saying that I deserve to be reprimanded for
what 1 have already done. Now, if I yield and
allow the gentleman to goon further, I shall be
subject to a second reprimand.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman's first hour expired, and amo-
tion was made that he proceed indefinitely, and
the House consented.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules tlfe
question of order. It has been repeatedly de-
cided that an indefinite extension of the time
lasts only one hour. It is indefinite up to that
time; but of course the gentleman from New
Jersey could not expect to speak to-day and all
to-morrow under an indefinite extension. Some-
times the extension is fifteen minutes, and some-*
times ten. Does the gentleman from Iowa with-
draw the objection ?
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. . I move to suspend the
rules in order to allow the gentleman to go on.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, 1 withdraw
the objection, the gentleman has made so good
a speech.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew it.
Mr. ROGERS. To prevent any further Iron
Ule, I will stop here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BANKS. I desire the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Famswortii] to allow me to state
a fact relating to the legislation of some of the
New England Slates upon the admission or ex-
clusion of colored soldiers from the militia, to
which the gentleman from New Jersey has re-
ferred. I understand that the legislation in the
New England States on this subject has pro-
ceeded upon the belief that they had not the con-
stitutional power to exclude colored soldiers;
that all of the States have acted upon that view.
In the State of Massachusetts, some years ago,
