204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
the question arose whether the Legislature, by
a change in the constitution or laws of that State,
could include colored soldiers. The supreme
court of Massachusetts gave a unanimous opin-
ion that the State had not the power to change
the laws of the United States, on the subject of
the militia, so as to include colored soldiers in
the State militia. And when the Legislature
passed a statute, embracing or admitting the
colored soldiers in the militia, the Governor
vetoed the act,although they had covered every
law upon the statute-book of that State.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not expect, Mr.
Speaker, when I came into the House to-day to
trouble the House with any remarks at the pres-
ent time. I do not now propose to reply to the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers]—to
the very logical, argumentative, clear, and able
speech ho has made. I shall not attempt to
make his contradictions harmonize, nor to an-
swer in detail the points which he made.
The gentleman champions the white soldiers
of the United States. He says we ought not to
inflict upon them the injustice and disgraeo of
giving to the colored men of the country the
elective franchise. I believe it is the first time
I ever heard that gentleman champion the sol-
diers of the Army of the United States. If I
recollect right, during the last two years at all
events, that gentleman has been one of the fore-
most of his party in doing all in his power to
embarass the operations of the Army of the
" United States and the soldiers of the Republic.
He has done what he could to prevent the Gov-
ernment of the United States from sending re-
enforcements and additional arms to relieve
and assist our armies in the field. And with
the bulk of his party, among other things which
I now recollect, lie voted against the passage
of the bill in this House providing for a speedy
trial of those guerrillas among the rebels who
were shooting our poor soldiers in the back as
they were dragging themselves away from the
battle-field wounded, marking their footsteps
witli their blood.
And if I am not mistaken, the gentleman, with
the rest of his party in the Slate of New Jersey,
refused to give to the white soldier who had left
his native State and gone into the field, peril-
ing his life in defense of his country, the right
to vote even as to who should represent that
State in the Congress of tho United States.
Perhaps that is the reason why we have had so
many of that persuasion in this House.
Now the gentleman invokes the white soldier,
and protests against this injustice which would
be done him. Sir, it is not the white soldier
who objects to clothing the black man with the
elective franchise. It is not the white man who
tes fought shoulder to shoulder with the black
man upon the ensanguined field who objects to
these people. Not he. The objection comes
from the gentleman l'rom New Jersey, and such
as he, who hax e opposed the war and the sol-
diers, white and black.
One of the gentleman's contradictions I may
perhaps point out here. After citing the decrees
and Jaws of Greece and Rome, and of the old
Mosaic dispensation, and. for aught I know, the
laws of the Choektaws, Seminoles, Pottawato-
mies, and Chei'okees, to prove that the proper
eonditiou of the negro was a state of slavery,
that ho was happier and more contented and
belter in every respect in such a condition, the
gentleman finally sums up his speech by telling
this House that we have already conferred upon
the blacks more benefits than we have upon
all the rest of mankind, namely, liberty—that
greatest, supremest. best of all blessings which
can be conferred upon man. freedom!
Well, isitso? Isittruethatfreedomisaboon
and a blessing to black men? Why. then, did
not the gentleman and his party sooner vote to
confer that blessing upon them ? Why did they
steadily^ and persistently oppose the amend-
ment of tho Constitution which would confer the
blessings of freedom on these people? Then
they ai'gued that it was no blessing, that it was
a curse rather—it was an injury. Turning the
black man away from the roof of his ma=t(<r
without the kind protection and guidance of his
owner was no boon, as these gentlemen argued
then, but rather a curse. Well, sir, if freedom
is a blessing and a boon, if freedom is the high-
est right that a man possesses, then is the right
to protect that freedom a high and divine and
holy right.
It has been said that the right to vote is not a
natural right. I confess that I cannot see why
it is not. It is truly said that the right of selt-
defense is the first law of nature. The right to
vote, the ballot, is the freeman's defense; and
if his right to freedom is an inalienable and
natural right, then, too, is the right to protect
that freedom an inalienable and natural right.
The gentleman from New Jersey says that at
the time of the organization of this Government
and the adoption of the Federal Constitution
black men were not regarded as citizens; that
this is a white man's Government and that the
fathers who established it had no intention of
making a Government for black men. I take
issue with the gentleman there. I say that our
fathers made this Government for men ; not for
black men or white men, not for Anglo-Saxons,
not for Irishmen, or Germans, or Americans
merely, but they made it for men. I take issue
with him, too, in his assertion that blacks were
not regarded at that time as citizens, and had
no part nor lot in the Declaration of Independ-
ence. Upon this subject of the Declaration of
Independence and the understanding and de-
sign of the fathers who framed it, I want to call
the attention of the House to what Thomas
Jefferson said on this subject. It will be recol-
lected, I have no doubt, by most of the mem-
bers of tho House, if not by all, that shortly
after the revolutionary war Mr. Jefferson used
this language:
"Let it ever be the boast of America that tlxe rights
for which sheilas contended arc tho rights of human
nature."
What did ho mean by ''the rights of human
nature?'' I suppose the gentleman from New
Jersey would say he meant white human nature,
the nature of men with fair skins and blue eyes.
But we are not left in the dark as to the mean-
ing of Mr. Jefferson in using this phrase. I
find in Jefferson's works, volume one, page
135, this language used by him in reference to
slavery:
"But previous to tho enfranchisement of theslaves
we have, it is necessary to exclude all further im-
portations from Africa. Yet our repeated attempts
to cffcet this by prohibition ami by imposing duties
which might amount to prohibition have been hith-
ei to defeated by his majesty'snegative, thus preferring
the immediate advantage of a few British corsairs
to the lasting interests of the American States andto
the rights of liumau nature."
Again, in speaking of the action of the Legis-
lature of tho State of Virginia on the subject of
slavery, he used similar language. Ho says :
"In the very first session held under republican
government tho Assembly passed a law of perpetual
prohibition of the importation of slaves. This willin
some measure stop the increase of this great political
and nioral evil, while the minds of our citizens may
bo ripening for the complete emancipation of human
nature."
Then Mr. Jefferson meant by "human na-
ture" the nature of man, whether with a black
skin or a white skin, whether a slave or a free
man. The boast of this country, he said, should
be that the rights for which she fought were the
rights of man, no matter what his color or clime
or condition.
Why, sir, it was not until a few years ago that
our Government refused to issue passports to
colored American citizens traveling abroad de-
scribing them as citizens of the United States.
T well rccolleet to have seen an original pass-
port issued to the servant of John Randolph
when traveling abroad, describing him as a
" citizen of the United States." It was notuntil
we had taken our departure from the doctrines
of the fathers, long and long after the Consti-
tution was made, that the infamous doctrine
crept in that the black man had no ''human
nature," had •' 110 rights which white men were
bound to respect,'' and that none but white
men could be citizens of the United States. It
is an infamous, a mean, a narrow, a devilish
doctrine.
Mr. Speaker, there are some things said by J
gentlemen upon tho other side of the House
which deserve only to be answered by ridicule,
for they are ridiculous. Among them is this
everlasting cry of negro equality and amalga-
mation. The gentlem an from New Jersey spoke
of it, and denounced this bill now under con-
sideration as an attempt to place the negro
upon a social equality with the whites.
He says this is a white man's Government.
"A white man's Government!" Wrhy, sir.did
not the Congress of the United States pass a
law for enrolling into the service of the United
States the black man as well as the white man ?
Did not we tax the black man as well as the
white man? Does he not contribute his money
as well as his blood for the protection and de-
fense of the Government? Oh, yes ; and now,
when the black man comes hobbling home upon
his crutches and his wooden limbs, maimed
for life, bleeding, crushed, wounded, is he to
be told by the people who called him into the
service of the Government, "This is a white
man's Government; you have nothing to do
with it?" Shame ! I say, eternal shame! upon
such a doctrine, and upon the men who advo-
cate it!
But "negro equality "is the bugbear which
frightens gentlemen. The gentleman from New
Jersey says that if we give the blacks of this
District the right to vote, the first thing we will
know will be that a black man will be elected
mayor. Well, sir, if it be true, as the other side
of the House contend, that it is necessary to have
discriminating laws to oppress the black man in
order to prevent his rising to an equality with
tho white, then it is rather a confession of his
superiority than of his inferiority. If you are
afraid he will rise, should he have a fair chance,
to au equality with the white man, and beat him
in the competition for office under as free a Gov-
ernment as ours, and therefore you must oppress
him still more by discriminating legislation in
order to prevent that, then he is superior to the
white man and not his inferior.
I am inclined to think it is true that if we con-
fer upon the black man the right to vote and the
right to hold office, we will be more likely to have
other men sent to Congress than some who have
held seats here. And even if it were true that
they would send one of their own race here, I
would still vote for it. For on the whole, how-
ever my reputation for good taste might be called
in question by some, I would prefer to sit by the
side of Fred. Douglass in this Hall rather than
by the side of Fernando Wood, for instance.
[Laughter.] I believe it is not out of order to
call names in this case, and if there is any of-
fense I will answer for it to Fred. Douglass.
" Negro equality" is the everlasting skeleton
which frightens some people. There is a class
of men, and they mostly vote the Democratic
ticket, who are afraid, if we confer upon the
negro equal rights and privileges with them-
selves, there will 110 longer be left any race or
class of men in file United States who will be
their inferiors, and I think they are right about
that. It is very natural for men to look down
upon some one; almost every man prefers him-
self to others, and thinks at least that he is su-
perior to some other man in many respects.
That is a natural clementin a man's nature, that
of self-love. Men are verjTfond of considering
thcmselvesa little elevated above somebody else,
and if we confer upon the black race the right
to vote and hold office equally with these men
there will be nobody left for them to look down
upon and say "You are beneath roe."
And the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Rogers] refers to another bugbear with which
to scare ignorant people, that of amalgamation.
He recites the statutes of various States against
the intermarriage of blacks and whites. Well,
sir, while 1 regard that as altogether a matter
of taste, and neither myself nor my friends re-
quire any restraining laws to prevent us from
committing any error in that direction, still, if
my friend from New Jersey and his friends are
fearful that fhey will be betrayed into forming
any connection of that >ort, t will very cheer-
fully join with him in voting the restraining in-
fluence of a penal statute. I will vote to pun-
