222$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
turmoil in the building of thirteen ships, and
thirteen such ships, myfriend from New Hamp-
shire seems to count the very minutes of time
against him as a reason why this Government
should not be just to him. To that kind of
reasoning I object. I insist upon it that the
very severe criticisms of the Senator from
New Hampshire, so fully answered by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Indiana, were not fair
upon this report or upon the bill.
Now, sir, as little as I know of legislation, I
think I see a way in which the distinguished
Senator from New Hampshire could have
shown his fairness much more clearly to my
mind. He declares to you that some of these
parties are entitled to remuneration. Then, why
does ho not move to strike out such as are not
entitled to recover, in his opinion? He says
he will vote to postpone the bill. That is a
very easy thing for a Senator to do; but it is a
very hard thing to be endured by those who are
groaning under burdens they can hardly bear,
for honest toil, honest labor, and honest mate-
rial that they have given to this Government in
the hour of her direst necessity. It is very easy
for my friend from Missouri and my friend from
Now Hampshire to say, "We will postpone it
for another year," when the very case shows
you that every one of these parties who has
not gone over already is tottering on the very
verge of bankruptcy. Oh, postpone it I Give
my friend time to read the pamphlet 1 If we
will only postpone it, ho is going into it very
thoroughly; he will spend the vacation in read-
ing the literature of double-ender iron-clads,
and next winter he will come here ready to be
appointed, if the exigencies of the country
should require it, a naval conslructer 1
Sir, we have hero the testimony of two men
who have grown grey in the service of this
country, two naval constructors whose fame is
not bounded even by our own shores, who have
been consulted by other countries, long-tried
and lUilimd servants of this Government, and
they substantially indorse the testimony of those
contractors. Sir, I insist upon it, that when
these men come hero they are entitled to an
answer. I have taken no pains to ascertain
how Senators are going to vote on this ques-
tion ; but if these men are to bo buried amid
the ruins of their misfortune, bury them now ;
for burial would bo a relief. Do not keep them
hanging upon the tenter hooks of uncertainty
till frost time again, and then the Senator
from Missouri or the Senator from New Hamp-
shire may not have got fully booked up on the
subject, and will move to postpone it for an-
other season. Sir, quick poison is better than
slow; and if this Senate has made up its mind
that the rule of conduct they will establish is
to take two and a half millions of money from
citizens of this country, do it now. If the blow
must be struck, let it fall now. Their agony
already lias been greater than they can endure.
My friend from California knows that hundreds
of thousands of dollars are involved in his own
Stato, where the men have advanced their own
money and have carried their loss like good
soldiers and patriots.
Mr. President, all that I regret is, that this
whole subject had not been referred to the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire originally,
and then we should hafe had set forth exactly
what ought to be paid, and what ought not to
bo paid. 1 hope that this motion to postpone
will not prevail, but that the bill will be passed
as amended on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa; it is throwing at least a crumb to hungry
men, which is ever grateful.
Mr. GRIMES. Sly amendment has been
adopted.
Mr. NYE. _ That amendment being adopted,
I hope the bill will pass. I am entirely satis-
fied that it will be in consonance—and! make
this remark in view of the inquiry that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire made whether the
tax-payers would like it—with the judgment of
the people of this nation that they shall not
take the labor of a man who has labored faith-
fully for them and he go unrequited. Sir, this
is all that I desire to say on this question.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Nevada
finds fault with me that I insist upon time in
.this contract, and he says, why- insist upon
time? McClellan was so many months in
Washington before reaching the Chickahominy,
and so many months so and so. Let me
tell the Senator from Nevada that his allu-
sion to that general and to time in that con-
nection was an unfortunate one. I did not
have him in my mind, if the Senator so sup-
posed. If McClellan had come to time, as
these contractors ought to have come to time,
we should have saved hundreds of thousands
of lives. If at the battle of Fair Oaks he had
come to time, he might have gone into- the city
of Richmond. If at the battle of Malvern
Hill he had come to time, he might again
have gone into the city of Richmond. _ Again,
if after the battle of Antietam he had come
to time, he might have destroyed Lee and his
army. And now, says the Senator, forsooth,
what is the value of time? Why, sir, if Meade
had come to time after the battle of Gettys-
burg we should have saved hundreds and thou-
sands of lives; and who shall say that if we had
had these ships, we should not have shortened
the war and saved lives? The allusion was an
unfortunate one from the Senator from Nevada
for his argument, in my judgment. Sir, I am
playing no Shylock with these contractors, and
the Senator should know it.
Mr. NYE. I have not said so. I asked if
the Government was prepared to play Shylock.
I did not say the Senator was, by any means.
Mr. CLARK. The Government is playing
no Shylock.
Mr. NYE. That is what I claimed, that it
should not.
Mr. CLARK. It deals generously with these
people when it extends the time and takes the
vessels olf their hands, when they have finished
them, and pays them the full contract price for
them. It does not say to these people, "You
have delayed the performance of this work for
months; six, eight, nine, ten, or eleven months,
and therefore we will notpayyou but it takes
the vessels nearly at the end of the war, some-
times within eleven months of the end of the
war, when they are comparatively useless, or
not half tho value they would have been if
they had been in time, and pays them the full
price; and yet the Senator from Nevada says
"time, time." Sir, as we grow old we learn
the value of time. The Senator knows tho
value of time; and he knows it is sometimes
true, as Napoleon said, that a moment lost is
the chance of future wretchedness; and espe-
cially so in war. This Government was in war;
such a war as the world had not seen. It was
straining every nerve, purchasing merchantmen
for transport ships and for naval purposes,
arming them, and doing everything it could to
create a navy, contracting with these people to
deliver ships within a given time, and they
failing for nearly a year, this Government has
not played Shylock; but after tho war is over
these gentlemen come §nd beseech the Gov-
ernment to be generous. Yes, let the Govern-
ment bo generous, but let it be intelligent in
its generosity and reward those most who served
it bost.
Mr. President, I have said that I do not like
this method of legislation. I know very well,
and the Senator from Nevada must know very
well, that when these men are put into a bill
together—I do not say that he or the commit-
tee put them into a bill together—but he knows
very well that these men came here together for
the very purpose by collective influence of push-
ing a thing of this kind through.
Mr. NYE. I do not know any such thing.
Mr. CLARK. I well know such a thing.
Mr. NYE. Very well; you may, but I do
not.
Mr. CLARK. It is very apparent that by
the force of one given to the other, the thing
is to be carried through by j.oint weight and
joint influence. Some of these men may be,
as the Senator says, poor; and some of these
men may be rich, and if they are not misre-
ported, are rich; but whether they be poor,
or whether they be rich, makes no difference
in the justice of the Government. If a man
is rich and has earned well of the Government
he should be jjaid. If he is poor, and has not
earned well of the Government, then he should
not be paid. It is not by any such standard '
that I wish to try these men.
Nor dol wish to have this matter lie over
that I may examine it; for I have said nothing
about examining it. I wish it could be laid
over, or I wish some different scheme could be
devised by which we might do justice, as I
said, individually in these cases, each case by
itself and for itself, and not lump them in this
way, and by a general bill give them twelve per
cent, on the contract price. As I said before,
in that way a man may get more than he is
entitled to or he may get less than he is enti-
tled to. They should not be leveled down in
that manner, but each should have according
to what he deserves.
"Now," says the Senator from Nevada,
"why does not the Senator from New Hamp-
shire move to strike out a case?" Because I
have not had tyne to examine the cases through.
I have not had time to examine any one of these
cases sufficiently to enable me to say that the
man may not be deserving of something, though
on the showing he makes he is not entitled to
it. I might strike out some that were deserv-
ing. If I were to move to strike out so that
the bill should pass as I think it ought to pass,
I would move to strike out forty-one and leave
only one, whoever he might be, and try that,
and then take the others up afterward. That
is the way we ought to legislate, one by one,
as we do in other cases, and not in this col*
lective method.
Now, Mr. President, one word in regard to
what was first said by the Senator, that this
board had examined the weight of these en-
gines. Where is the evidence of it? This
board was not established for any such pur-
pose. It was not established to report upon
the weight.
Mr. NYE. Here is the evidence of it. I
read from page 21:
" That tho excess of cost, over and above the con-
tract price, was duo to the greater weight of engine
than the contractors were led to expect them to be,
Mr. Isherwood, chief of the Bureau of Steam En-
gineering, having assured them that they would not
exceed those of the PaulJones class, (threa hundred
and seventy-four thousand pounds.)"
Mr. GRTMES. Who says that?
Mr. NYE. Mr. Henry W. Gardner,"of the
firm of Gardner & Lake, contractors for the
engine and boilers of the double-end vessel
Pawtuxet.
" Whereas the weight of one built by them was six
hundred and thirty thousand pounds; that the total
cost, including cost of collection of bill and inter-
est," &c.
There is the evidence.
Mr. CLARK. Is that all the evidence?
Mr. NYE. No, sir; by no means.
Mr. CLARK. Where is the rest?
Mr. NYE. Here it is in several casesi
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator turn mo to 
the rest?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir. I will turn you to the
testimony of Mr. William Boardman, on page
44, which you did not read, but which was read
by the Senator from Indiana:
" That the excess of cost was owing to tho great
riso in labor and material and difficulty in procuring
the same, 'lhero are many reasons why tho engines
cost more than tho amount of contract: first, when
the engines were contracted for, drawings and speci-
fications were not furnished us, and we were totally
ignorant as to the weight of said engines, boilers,
i i* , ^he best information and belief, we were
led to suppose the machinery would weigh three
hundred and eighty or three hundred and ninety
thousand pounds, and have to say that the raw mate-
Iv was about the amount of the contract, foe
the reason of the great excess of weight of metal
over and above our estimate."
And you will find it in two or three other
places in the report.
Mr. CLARK. But that does not state the
weight of the engines.
_ Mr. NYE. It states the weight of one en-
gine, and the engines of the double-enders-
are all alike.
