,4148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Miller and
Mr. Delano were appointed.
The House again divided; and tlie tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. FTNOK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on ordering^ the
bill to be engrossed and read the third time,
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 70, nays
24, not voting 90 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Baker, Ben-
jamin, Bid well, Bingham, BouUvell, Bromwell,
Broomfill, Bucltland, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conlt-
3in??, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eekley, Eg-gleston, Eliot, Varquliar. Ferry, Garfield,
Aimer C. Harding, Hayes, Higby, Holmes, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James 11.
Hubbcll, Ilulburd, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Ket-
cham, Kooiitz, Kuykendall, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, Lynch, Maynard, MeClurg, MeRuer, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Monlton, Myers, O'Neill, Paine,
Pcrham, Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Alexan-
der H.lliec, John H. Hiee, Rollins, Schenek, Soofield,
Shellabanser, Stevens, Stokes, Trowbridge, Ward,
Wentworth, Williams, andWinclom—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Defrees Eldridge,
Finck, Glossbi enner, Aaron Harding, llogan. John-
son, William Lawrence, Lc Blond, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Radford, llifter, lloss, Shanklin, Tabor, JNTelson
Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, James JB'. Wilson, Win-
field, and Woodbridsc—2-1.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Bcaman, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Brandegee,
Bundy, Chanler, Reader W.Clarke, Cook, Cullom,
Culver, Darling, Dawson, Deming, Denison, Dodge,
Dumont, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Gridcr, Grimudl,
Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hill, Hotch-
kiss, AsahelW. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,Edwin N.
Ilubbell, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jones, Kelley, Kelso,
Kerr, Latham, X^oan, Longyear, Marshall, Mnrston,
Marvin, MeOullougn, Melndoe, MeKee, Mereur,
Morris, Newell, Noel!, Orth, Patterson, Phelps,Pike,
Pomcroy. William II. Randall, Raymond, Rogers,
Sawyer, Sitgveaves, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr,
StilwelLStrouso. Nathaniel G.Taylor,Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson, Van Aernarn,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Ehhu
B. Washbuine, Henrv D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Whaley, Stephen F. Wil&on, and
Wriffht-90.
So the l)ill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
EINCK. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then read the third time and
passed.
Ml'. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lilii'UNDING OP l-'TNES.
Mr. IIOGAN. I ask unanimous consent
to report, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, a bill (H. R. No. 759) to authorize the
refunding of certain fines.
The bill was read. It provides that where
the license tax imposed upon any wholesale
dealer has been collected upon the amount of
such dealer's sales for the previous year, in
accordance with the terms of the seventy-ninth
section of the act approved June 30, 1864, and
it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner of internal Revenue that the
sales of such license did not equal in amount
the sales of such previousyear, it shall be law-
ful for the said Commissioner to refund to such
wholesale dealer so much of the amount paid
for such license as may be in excess of the
proper tax chargeable upon the amount of
sales actually made under such license during
the year for which the same was issued.
Mr. IIOGAN. This bill is recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. I ask that the letter
of the Commissioner be read.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. IIOGAN. Very well. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Sir. Forney,
its Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 138] to in-
crease and fix the military peace establishment
of the United Status, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I ask that Mr. Cooper be sworn in as a
member from the State of Tennessee.
Mr. Edmund Cooper accordingly came for-
ward, and having qualified, by taking the oath
of office prescribed by the act of July 2, 1862,
took his seat in the House.
REWARDS FOE ARREST OP BOOTH.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being House bill
No. 801, authorizing the payment of the re-
wards offered by the President of the United
States and the officers of the War Department
in April and May, 1865, for the capture of Jef-
ferson Davis and the assassins of the late Presi-
dent, Abraham Lincoln, and the Secretary of
State, Hon. William H. Seward.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hotchkiss] who has charge of this
bill is not present.
Mr. DELANO. I move to postpone it till
to-morrow, immediately after the reading of the
Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
now commenced, the call of the committees is
resumed, commencing with the Committee on
the Judiciary.
CIRCUIT COURT COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, bill of the House
No. 32, to extend the jurisdiction of commis-
sioners of the circuit court of the United States.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts explain the object of this bill?
Mr. BOUTWELL. It is merelyto give the
commissioners the same power as justices of
the peace have in cases where seamen under-
take to avoid their contracts. It is a proper
bill to be passed, and I move the previous ques-
tion upon it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed,it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
24, noes 70.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
ilr. BO UTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote -by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
title of the bill so as to read, "An act to extend
the jurisdiction of the commissioners of the
circuit courts of the United States."
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROVISIONAL COURT OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. BOUTWELL also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, and with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, bill of the House No.
468; to provide for the suits, judgments, and
business of the United States provisional court
for the State of Louisiana, aud called for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill wasthen ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed- to.
UNITED STATES REVENUE COURTS.
Mr. BOUTWELL also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, bill of the House No.
287, to establish United States revenue courts,
and for other purposes, and moved that the
same be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
RIGHTS Of CITIZENS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, bill of the House
No. 437, to declare and protect all the privileges
and immunities of citizens of the United States
in the several States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not desire to
have the substitute read or acted upon at this
time. The bill is of such a nature as to excite
discussion, and I do not desire to occupy the
morning hour, inasmuch as other members of
the committee have numerous bills to report.
I will merely state that this is a bill that was
introduced by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Siiellabaroer. ] and that the substitute is sub-
stantially his bill with slight amendments. I
move to postpone the consideration of the bill
until the second Tuesday in December next.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I think that under
the circumstances in which we are now placed
the committee have done wisely in recommend-
ing the postponement of this bill. I desire now
to ask the leave of the House to have printed
with the debates some remarks, which I have
prepared as carefully as I could, in regard to
the constitutional right of Congress to pass this
bill, and also in regard to the propriety of doing
so. I desire, if I can, to attract the attention
of my fellow-members in that way to the bill,
and also, as far as I am able to do it, to call
the attention of the country to it.
No objection was made, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted. [The speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
The motion to postpone was then agreed to.
GENERAL GEORGE WRIGIIT.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill of the
House No. 578, for the relief of the represent-
atives of the late Brigadier General George
Wright, United States Army; and the same
was laid on the table.
WISCONSIN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the
Committee on the Judiciary were discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin in
relation to dividing the State of Wisconsin into
two judicial districts, and to create the western
district; and the same was laid on the table.
SOLDIERS' AND SAILORS' ORPHANS'HOME.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment, the bill of the House No. 552, to in-
corporate the National Soldiers' and Saliors'
Orphans' Home, District of Columbia.
The amendment was to amend the last sec-
tion so that it would read:
That Congress may at any time hereafter alter,
amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. WOODBP.IDGE. I call the previous
question on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. WOODBRTDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
