1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
Indiana, go into the State of Kentucky for a
temporaly purpose, with no intention to change
my permanent residence, I go there as a citizen
of Indiana, and am entitled, by virtue of this
constitutional guarantee, to enjoy "all privi-
leges and immunities of citizens of the several
States,' so long as I so remain. But, citizen-
ship ancl the rights of citizenship in Kentucky
form 110 part of those privileges and immuni-
ties, for I am still a citizen of Indiana. If I
had gone into Kentucky with an intention to
leave Indiana and settle permanently in Ken-
tucky, I would then have ceased to be a citizen
of Indiana and could no longer claim rights
guarantied to me as a citizen of that State, for
1 would then have become a citizen of Ken-
tucky, and would by my own act and choice
have become subject to the laws of Kentucky,
and could claim and exercise there only such
rights of citizenship as tuose laws allowed. The
laws of Kentucky would then determine my
status, both civil and political, and not. those
of Indiana. (19 Howard-It., 422.)
But let us suppose that Kentucky, dislik-
ing Indianians because they are abolitionists,
should provide in its laws that the citizens of
Indiana should not be permitted to come into
and settle in and become citizens of Kentucky,
with full civil and political rights under its
laws on the same footing as the citizens of
Virginia or any other favored State; then
might they not justly complain that the spirit
of this guarantee was violated? Or let us sup-
pose that Indiana, in the. exercise ol' ifs funda-
mental right of self-protection, believing lhat
the safety and purity of its society and institu-
tions require that coolies should be entirely
excluded from the State, should by law pro-
hibit all persons of that race anywhere from
coming into or settling in the State or acquir-
ing property or civil or political rights there.
Would such a law involve any violation of this
guarantee? What, then, does this guarantee
mean ?
I nndcrstanditsprimaryobjecttobeto secure
equal privileges and immunities to the citizens
of each, State while temporarily sojourning in
any other State, and its secondary and on!y
other purpose is to prevent any Slate fiom dis-
criminating iu its laws fii j'ueur of or atjainsi the
citizens of any other State, merely because they
are the citizens of such other State, or in other
words, for mere sectional reasons. For exam-
ple, Indiana cannot form any tacit or express
alliance or friendship with Kentucky which
shall lequire or justify Indiana iu glviagto the
citizens of Kentucky who shall settle in Indi-
ana any privileges and immunities it does not
equally give to the same class of citizens from
any other State.
Our ancestors had formed a sisterhood of
States, and they merely intended by this pro-
vision to prevent any combinations arising out
of mutual interests or animosities between cer-
tain Stales from takinglhe form of legislative dis-
criminations againstlhe citizens of other States.
Texas cannot, because it.dislikes Yankees,with-
hold from the citizens of Xew England any priv-
ileges and immunities it accords to the citizens of
the same class from Louisiana. But Texas can
deny to the paupers, vagabonds, or negroes of
New England privileges and immunities which
it denies, on grounds of local public poiicv. to
the same classes from other States, and which
it denies on the same grounds to persons of the
same classes within its own limits, although
such persons may in New England have been
invested with greater lights. This interpreta-
tion is reasonable, practical, and free from the
dangerous and centralizing tendencies of the
one claimed in this bill. It is consistent with
the full enjoyment by the States respectively
of the sacred and natural right of local selr-
goveinmcnt and self-proteetion. It will enable
the States to protect the body-politic against
the dangers and demoralizations which would
inevitably result from the other theory.
In this view. I am fully sustained by that
distinguished jurist whom I have once quoted.
He says:
"The article in the Constitution of the United States
declaring that citizens of each State were entitled to
all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States, applies only to natural-born or duly
nittanjized citizens; and if /A",./ removefrom one State
to anntlier, theu arc entitledtothe privilea&ithnt penom
ot the vane aencrijitionareentitledtointhe Htatetowhich
the removal i? made, and to none other. The privileges
tltita conferred are local and necessarily territorial ill
their nature.''—2 Kent, 71.
To the same effect is the opinion of Justice
Story:
. "The intention of this clausc was to confer on them,
it one may so say, a general citizenship} and to com-
municate all the privileges andimmunities which the
citizens of the same S ate would be entitled to under the
like circumstances."—Story's Commentaries oti Consti-
tution, sec. 1806.
Now, if my construction of this constitutional
provision is incorrect, and the one claimed by
the friends of this bill is correct, then it follows
that aliens made citizens by the States arc en-
titled to all the privileges of citizcus in any-
other States to which they may remove, be-
cause they were citizens in the State they re-
moved from. But the contrary is both the hnv
and the practice throughout the Union. Such
a citizen, removing to another State, is then
entitled only to such privileges as are accorded
by the laws of lhat State to persons of the some
class. Chancellor lvent says:
"Those civil privileges, conferred upon aliens by
State authority, are dictated by a ju.stand liberal pol-
icy, hut they must be taken to bo -strictly local; and
until a foreigner is duly nahmiJize<l,aecording to the
act of Congress, he in not entitled in any other State
to any other privileges than those which the laws of
that /Stale allow to ohtnu."1—2 Kent, 70; 0 California 11.,
2o0; 2 Curt/** History of Constitution, "2,00,
Thciefore if negroes remove from Massa-
chusetts. or coolies from California, to Ohio
or Indiana, they nro entitled there to enjoy the
same privileges and immunities which are ac-
corded by those States respective}}- to negroes
or coolies from any other State, '* but to none
other."' The}* cannot import inU> those States
the laws of Massachusetts or California. The
right to exclude them or to limit them in civil
or political rights and privileges is iursdamental
and necessary to the existence and safety of
the Stale. It antedates all constitutions. It
is original in the State.
I now cite, and invite careful attention with-
out much furl her comment, to certain high au-
thorities, in corroboration of these views. First,
I consult the Chancellor again:
"Citizen?, under our Constitution arid law?, mean
free inhabitants, bovn within the United Slates, or
naturalised under the laws of Congress. If a s'nvc,
bom in the "United States be manumitted or oIIwm--
w ise lawfully d'^eharged trom bondage, or if a black
man bo born within the United States, ami borntiee,
he becomes thenceioi ward a Citizen, but under surh
disobihtvs as the laws of the fihtfcv •rc>.pr<tlfif>hy n<<i/
drew (' c.tpedicrJ to prc-onhc to fror perm>n<. of color."
—2 Kent, ijO; Ifobb'i vs Fo'iQ. (> f)~>3: the State
vs. Claiborne, Mei'ji, 331; Opinions of Attorney* Gen-
eral, vol. 1,
Next, hear the views of Justice Washington:
"The inquiiy iswhatarcthcprivilesrcsand immu-
nities of citizens in the several Slates? We feel no
hesitation in confining these expressions to those
privileges and immunities which aie m then natuie
fundamental; which belong of iiglit to the citizens
of all li ee Governments: and winch have at all tunes
been enjoyed by the citizens ot the serous! Suiter-
winch compose ihi1- Union, Imhu the tunc- of th' a- hi
com in2:free, independent, a nd ^ovorei :rn. What the-.e
fundamental principles aie it would perhaps he more
tedious than dit'ncult to enumerate. Th< y innv, how-
even be all compr'dicnded under the following gen-
eral heads: protection by the Government; the enjoy-
ment of life and liberty, with the right to acquire and
possess property ot every kind;_ and to puisuo and
obtain happiness and safety, subject, nevertheless to
such restraints as the Government may justly prescribe
for the geneialgood of the whole. The right of a citi-
'/cn ot o le State to pa^s thimudi or to rondo in any
other State tor purposes of tiadc, agriculture, pro-
fessional pursuits or ot her wise: to claim the benefit
of the wr't of ha!>e<t<< e-orpux : to instUute_and main* a in
actions oi a uy kind m the courts of the State; to take,
hold, and dispose of property, cither i eat or personal;
and an exemption from higher taxes or impositions
than are paid by the other citizens of the State, may
be mentioned ao --omeof thcparUeularpiivileges and
immunities of citizens which are clearly embraced by
the general description ot privileges deemed to bc
fundamental; to which may be added the eleetuo
franchise, av rrr/vlnterf and esttibhshcd by the latex or
constitution of the. State in icho'h it ts to be cj-erPisrd."
—('orjield. vs. Coryell, 4 Washington's Circuit Court
liepott*. page oSO.
These views were uttered in reference alone
to white citizens, as were also the following:
" A decision bv the supremo court of Massachusetts
upon this clause of the Constitution declares that—
" Inc pnvileges and immunitiessecurcd to the peo-
ple of each State in every other State can be applied
only m case of removal from one State into another.
l>y such removal theybcconic citizens of the adopted
Sta te without naturalization, and have a righ t to sue
and be sued as citizens; and yet this privilege is qaali-
jwl ana not absolute, forthey cannot enjoy the right of
suffrage or of eligibility to office without such t'erm of
residence as shall be prescribed by the constitution■ and
laws of the &tate into which they shall remove. They
shall nave the privileges and immunities of citizens;
that is, they shall nothedeemed aliens butni-ay take
and hold real estate; onct may, according to the laws
of such State, eventually enjoy the full rights of citi-
zenship without the necessity of being naturalized."
—b rxekerma, 92, Abbott vs. Bayley.
I now refer at some length to the views of
the judges in the Passenger cases, 7 Howard,
466, which bear directly upon and illustrate
this subjcct. After referring to the cases of
Holmes vs. Jcnuison, 14 Peters, o40; Groves
vs. Slaughter, 15 Peters, 449; and Prigg vs.
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, 10 Peters,
539, Chief Justice Taney, remarks:
" If these cases are to stand the right of the State
is undoubted. And it is equally clear that, if it may
remove from among its citizensany person or descrip-
tion of persons whom it regards as injurious to their
welfare, it tallows that it may meet them at the
threshold and pievent them trom entering. I«Y>r it
will hardly be said that the United States may per-
mit them to enter a.ud compel the State to receive
them, and that the State may immediately aftcrwaid
expel them. There could be no reason of policy or
humanity for compelling the States, by the power of
Confess, to imbibe the poison, andthen leaving: them
to find a lemedy for it by their own exertions and at
their own expense Certainly no such distinction
can be found in the Constitution, and .sudi adivisiou
of power would be an inconsistency, not to bay an
absurdity, for which I presume no one will contend.
If the State has the power to determine whether tho
persons objected to shall remain in tho State in asso-
ciation with its citizens it must, as an incident insep-
arably connected with it. havcthcrisbt also to deter-
mine who shall enter. Indeed, in the case of Groves
iv*. Slaughter the Mississippi constitution prohibited
the entry ot the objectionable persons and theopin-
ions of the court throughout treat the exercise of tins
power as being the same with thatot expelling them
after they have enteied.
"Neither can this be a concurrent power, and
whether it belongs to the (Vnciv.l or to the State
government, the sovereignty winch possess the right
must in its exercise be allo^ofhrr independent of
the other. If the United States have the powei,
then any legislation by the State in conflict with a
treaty or act of Congress would be,'void. And if the
States pos«e^s it, then any net on the subjcct by the
General Government in conflict with the State law
would also be void and this court bound to disrespect
it. It niu-d be paramount and absolnt o in the sover-
eignty which po^se^es it. A concurrent and equal
power in the United States and the States as to who
should and who should not be permitted to reside in
a State would b^ a direct i ontlict of powers, repug-
nant to each other, continually thwarting and de-
feating its exercise by either, and could icsult in
noMnng but discord and confusion.
"Again, if the State has the right to exclude from
its bordcis any pei>on or persons whom it may legard
as dangerous to the safety of its citizens, it must ne-
cestaiily have the light to decide when and toward
whom this power is to be exercised. It is in its na-
ture a discretionary power to be excicised ac-cordmpr
to the judgment of the party that possesses it. And
it must, therefore, rest with the State to determine
whether any particular class or description of per-
sons arc likely to juoducc discontent or insurrection
in its territory, or to taint tho morals of its citizens,
or to bring among them contagious diseases, or the
evils and burdens of a numcious paupei population.
For if the General Oo\ crnment can. in anv respect,
or by any foim of legislation, control or icstrain a
State m the excrci<e ot this power, or decide whether
it has been excr-i^ed with piopcr discretion and to-
w.nd piopor persons and on pioper occasions, then
the leal and substantial power would be in Congress
and not in the Slate*. In the cases decided in this
court, and hercinbeiore referred to, the power of de-
termining who is or is not dangerous to the interest
and well-being of tho people of the State has been
unilonnly admitted to reside in the State.
" I think it. therefore, to he very clear, both upon
principle and the authority of adjudged ca-ses, that the
several States have a right to remove from among
their people, and to prevent from entering thcState,
any poison, or class or description of persons, whom
it may deem dangerous orinjiuious to the interests
ami wcliare of its citizens; and that the State hasthe
exclusive light to determine, in its sound discretion,
whether the danger docs or docs not exist, free lrom
the control of the General Government.'
Mr. Justice Orier, in the same case, said;
"Itmust be borne inmind (whathas sometimes been
forgotten) that the controversy in this ease is not with
regiud to the right claimed by the State oi alasSa-
clmsctts in th° second section of this act, to repel
from hcrshnreslunatics,idiots, criminals, orpaupcrs,
which any foreign country, or even one ot hci sister
States, might endeavor to thiust. upon her; nor the
riaht ot any Stnte. v-hoie domestic security might be en-
dangered bv the adinhfion of fr<e iK-f/roev. to eselude
them from her border*. Thisriqht nf tlit Stutti has its
foundation in the sacred lute <>f \clf-defaise, uJiich no
poukerorantcdtoCon</rcss can restrain or annul. It ?•> ad-
mitted by all thai those powers irhirdi relate to merely mu-
nicipal leoislation, or what may be more properly called
