1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
these people will turn up their noses and saj
"Humph! niggers in the cars: 1 won't ride wit
ish it by confinement in the St'ate prison, or, if
he pleases, by hanging—anything rather than
they should be betrayed into or induced to form
any such unnatural relations. As for my own
side of the House, we have no fears of that
kind. Amalgamation is an outgrowth of sla-
very. It is where slavery has existed that you
find it, not where .tjie "negro is free and has
the right of self-protection.
Prejudice against the black man depends very
much upon the stutas of the black man. It is
a singular phase of character in reference to
this subject of prejudite, that the prejudice is
tenfold stronger against the free blacli man than
it is against the slave. If the black man is only
a slave, and in what the gentleman from- New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] denominates his proper
condition, then he has no prejudice against him.
You will find no prejudice in the minds of the
people South against riding in the same coach
or car with the black man, if only lie is a slave
and traveling with his master. But knock the
shackles off his limbs, clothe him well, and
give him the rights of a freeman, and at once
iay,
3 with
niggers." J recollect, some years ago, before
we had horse railroads, [ used to see, in this
very city, a white lady riding in an omnibus,
with a poor ragged slave girl carrying her child,
sitting by her side. The poor sla\e girl was
ragged and dirty, but she was a slave. The
other day 1 saw that same woman get up in high
dudgeon and flaunt out of a (street car because
a respectable, tidy, well-dressed, free colored
woman came into the ear to ride.
Prejudice, after all, is not so much against
color as condition. People have no objection
to riding in a carriage with a black man, if he
sits forward and drives the horses. In that case
he "is considered as in his proper position, and
there is no prejudice against associating with
him; he has no bad smell. But the moment
he takes a back seat, the olfactories of some
people ai'O greatly offended. This prejudice,
too, has all grown out of slavery. There is no
natural prejudice against color. Little children
have none of it until they are told frightful sto-
ries of '' horrid black men'' by their nurses, to
frighten them. Oppress and degrade any class
of people for a long series of years, by unjust
and unequal laws, and you will array against
them the same prejudice.
What should bo the test as to the right to exer-
cise Ihe elective franchise? I contend that the
only question to be asked should be, " Is he a
man'?'1 The test should be that of manhood,
not that of color or races or class. Is he endowed
with conscience and reason? Is he an immortal
being? If these questions are answered in the
affirmative, then lie has all those essential attri-
butes of manhood that are possessed by the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, or any other man;
and he has the same right to protection that we
all enjoy.
I am in favor, Mr. Speaker, of making suf-
frage equal and universal. I believe that the
greatest wisdom is concentrated iu the decisions
of the ballot-box when all citizens of a certain
age vote than when only a part vote. If you
apply a test founded on education or intelli-
gence, where will you stop? One man will say
that the voter should bo able to read the Con-
stitution sind to write his name; another, that
he should be acquainted with the history of the
United Stales; another will demand a still
higher degree of education and intelligence;
until you will establish an aristocracy of wis-
dom, which is one of the worst kinds of aris-
tocracy. Sir, the men who formed this Gov-
ernment, who believed'in the rights of human
nature, and designed the Government to pro-
tect them, believed, I think, as I do, that when
suffrage is made universal you concentrate in
the ballot-box a larger amount of wisdom than
when you exclude a portion of the citizens from
the right of suffrage. While it is true that we
have had in this country, at some times, in
some localities, and at some elections, a class
of men who are very dangerous on account of
their ignorance and their passions, yet, on the
whole, I think it is safer for our institutions
and safer for ourselves to allow all men to vote
than to establish any arbilrary tests which
would exclude a part from the ballot-box.
I have never heard from the other side of the
House any objection to the exercise of the right
of suffrage by "white men on account of their ig-
norance. When Congress passed a law by which
"the foreigner, ignorant as he might be of our lan-
guage and our institutions, should be admitted
to the rights of citizenship as a reward for one
year's service in the Army of the United States,
that measure had my hearty approval; and I be-
lieve that it received the approval of gentlemen
on the other side of the House. The ignorance of
that class was not at that time urged as an ob-
jection to conferring the franchise upon them.
Now, sir, if a foreigner, totally ignorant of our
institutions and language, is qualified, after a
year's scrvice in the Army, to exercise the right
of suffrage, T ask, in God's name, whether the
negro, a native of this country, who has been
fighting for four years, is not equally qualified
t® exercise that right?
Mr. WRIGHT. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I will hear it with
pleasure.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman has stated
that he is in favor of universal suffrage. I desire
to ask him whether the sympathy for the negro
among the people of his own State has been
sufficient to induce them to repeal that law,
passedby their Legislature some time ago, which
prohibited negroes from even becoming inhab-
itants of the State, much less enjoying the rights
and franchises of a citizen?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am very glad that
the gentleman has called my attention to that
subject. The Legislature of Illinois has re-
pealed all laws making distinctions on account
of color except that with reference to the right
to vote, which is regulated by a provision in the
constitution of 1848; and, Mr. Speaker, so far
as I am concerned, I will rid our State consti-
tution of the disgrace of that provision, and all
other unequal and unjust provisions, as quickly
as I can. 1 voted against the adoption of that
provision ; and I will vote in favor of its repeal
whenever I can get the opportunity. If this is
to throw me into a minority, then welcome a
minority. I commenced in a minority. I began
when it was necessary for the men who dared
to speak upon the slavery question to stand
shoulder to shoulder and maintain their posi-
tion with whatever muscular power, as well as
menial, they possessed. Thank God, I have
lived to see the day when the principles I then
advocated have become almost universal; and
I expect to see the day when these ideas shall
not only bo universal, but when everything ne-
cessary to protect, maintain, and support them
shall also be adopted by the American people.
I do not believe with those croakers who are
eternally asking us of the North and of one an-
other, " Why do you not do this thing in your
own State ?'' Who point to Wisconsin and say
that the elective franchise for the negro was
voted down there.
The gentleman asks why it was not granted
in Illinois. I believe if the men who have voted
with mo, belonging to the Same political organ-
ization with myself and who acknowledge these
principles to be right, could but steadfastly
maintain this principle at home, which com-
mends itself to their consciences, these dis-
graceful distinctions would be blotted out im-
mediately in all the Stales. It has not beeu
done because of the croakers who stand by and
say that " it is not time yet;'' that it is " pre-
mature;" that the "people are not up to the
standard:" who say, "I am for it myself, but
you must get the people to vote for it." It is
because of the do-nothings and do-littles and
these croakers that you do not carry this prin-
ciple into effect in the northern States. Of
course I make no personal allusion to any gen-
tleman.
Iexpoet as quick as we can get at itin Illinois
we will rid that State constitution of that injus-
tice as we have rid it of those disgraceful laws
which the Democratic party had imposed upon
it. The fact that these distinctions do exist in
the northern States shall not deter me, and I
hope will not deter any gentleman here, from
doing his duty. We ought to do that wMchcom-
mends itself to our judgments and consciences,
without reference to what A, B, or C may say.
Let us rather root out thesS prejudices than
cultivate them. _ ' - • . -
Sir, the test of suffrage is manhood, as I liavfe
before remarked. Is he a man? It is not a
question whether the vertical rays of a tropical
sun have stamped his face with the hue 'of dark-
ness, or whether the slanting rays of a more con-
genial climate have paled his complexion to the
standard of Anglo-Saxon beauty. It is not a
question whether a man has white hair or black
hair. Our fathers, when they framed the dec-
laration of Independence, declared that all men
were created equal; but they did not mean to de-
clare that they were all equally rich, all equally
strong, all equally endowed with the same quan-
tity of brain, all equally handsome, equally of
color, of equal weight, of-Bqual stature. They
did not mean by that that every man should in-
herit the same amount of wealth; but they did
mean, so far as these natural rights were con-
cerned, that one man was equal to any other
man. They declared, and made the declara-
tion one of the principles of the Government
which they established, that all men inherited
the same rights. They declared that all men
had the right to lifo, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness. And they said something more
than that. They said that Governments were
instituted to protect these rights. They said
that the just powers of government were de-
rived from the consent of the governed. If that
be true, if Governments are instituted among
men deriving their just powers from the consent
of the governed, will some gentleman, in God's
name, tell me why this body of men who are
under the Government have not the same right
as I have to particijiate in it? What business
have I to elbow another man off, and to say to
him that he has no right here ? Has G od made
mo better than Ho has made him? We might
as well partition off the, atmosphere, collect the
rays of the sun, and withhold them from the men
we may conceive to be inferior to ourselves.
Another objection is made to the bill: it is
said that the people of the District of Columbia
voted against it, and are all against it, &c.
Sir, when we submit this question to the whole
people of the District of Columbia, black and
white, and take their vote upon it, I will be
bound by it. It is the veriest mockery to talk
about the people of the District opposing this.
What! submit the question to a part of the
people as to whether another part of the peoj#6r
shall vote? The very proposition is absurd.
Submit the question to those who have pre-
judged against it, as to whether another man
shall exercise the same right! I grant you that
in the expression which was taken here it was
all one way—against the black man, of course—
but I will guaranty anotli er thing, and that is, that
among all those votes polled against these poor
colored men, every rebel, secessionist, semi-
secessionist, or copperhead in the District of
Columbia, who was entitled to a vote, cast that
vote against the black man. All the men who
lived in the District in the spring of 1861, and
who even paraded their secession flag, such as
lived to get back from rebeldom, voted on that
day against the negro ; and if you had submit-
ted the question at that same poll as to whether
Jeff. Davis was a bolter man than Andrew
Johnson or Abraham Lincoln, you would have
got nearly as large a majority in favor of the
affirmative.
Mr. MARSHALL. I -would aslc the gentle-
man upon what authority he charges that the
votes cast against negro suffrage were cast by
any of those who were in the rebel army.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Universal repute.
Mr. MARSHALL. Ah! it is very easy to get
up universal repute against anything. I am
informed that there was not a single soldier in
the Union Army that voted in favor of suffrage;
that none such can be found in the city.
