2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
mittee on Claims had now committed himself
upon the subject. I do not understand that
when a Senator performs the duty incumbent
upon him here of analyzing closely the claims
that are presented for the public consideration
and payment he is committing himself against
a measure. While the uttermostfarthing that is
due should be paid by the Government to whom
it is found to be due, the uttermost farthing at
the present time should be also kept in the
Treasury if it belongs there ; and I should feel
for one that I was performing my part but illy
here if I did not by my votes sustain such utter-
ances. If the instructions are to go with this
motion, oritis to be the understanding that
when the bill is recommitted to the Committee
on Naval Affairs they are to examine each
case and report at the earliest period of time
during this session, so that it may be acted
upon, what is due to cach of these contractors,
I shall give a vote for that recommittal; but
in its present shape I desire to say that the
bill cannot receive my vote on its passage.
I have felt, Mr. President, called upon to
make this statement more particularly because
constituents and friends of mine are interested
in some of these claims. I shall as a matter
of course, both in the gratification of my feel-
ings and in rendering them justice at the earliest
period of time, seek the opportunity of serving
them to that extent. If they expect anything
beyond that they expect service that they can-
not receive at my hands. I am in favor of the
earliest examination of their claims, and the
payment of the greatest amount that shall be
found to be their due, and I have no doubt that
their claims will stand the closest test of exam-
ination and comment when the facts are pre-
sented to this body.
Mr. W1LLEY. Mr. President, if this bill
is to be recommitted, speaking for myself only
as a member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, 1 hope the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from California will prevail and that
it may go tothe Committee on Claims or some
other committee. I have not deemed it neces-
sary to participate at. all in the discussion, not
because I had not examined the claims suffi-
ciently to satisfy myself, but because 1 saw the
bill was being discussed by other Senators
more competent to do justice to the case, and
perhaps more familiar with the subject. My
own convictions upon the subject from the
examination [ have given the case are very
clear. My mind is made up very conclusively
on the merits of these claims. Therefore I do
not think it is justice to the Senate to recommit
the bill to the Naval Committee, if the other
members of the committee feel toward the
claims as I do. I trust that if it is recommitted
at. all, the suggestion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia may prevail, and I know of no better
committee to which it could go than the Corn-
mi ttee on Claims. I am satisfied that although
there may ho a difference in the merit of these
different claims, there is not a claimant in the
bill mentioned that is not justly and honestly,
before the country and the Senate, entitled to
more than the bill will give him.
In reference to the dillieulty in regard to the
form of the bill, 1 have not been able to see
the point in the objection mode. I think there
can be no more difficulty because several claims
are included in the bill than there would be in
the case of the naval appropriation bill or any
other general appropriation bill which contains
Many distinct appropriations for various ob-
jects. lhe report upon these claims is dis-
tinct and separate; the claims themselves are
set forth separately in the bill; and it is just
as easy to modify any one of the claims or to
strike it from the bill entirely as it would be
to modify an appropriation bill or to strike it
from the bill entirely.
1 do not think that the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire has done the sub-com-
mittee of the Naval Committee justice when
he urges upon the Senate that eases contain-
'flg less merit than others are included in the
whole, in an omnibus bill, for the purpose of
carrying through those that may have less
merit than others. It is hardly just to the
Naval Committee to say that they would allow
themselves to become the instruments of re-
porting any bill or any claim to the Senate
that_ they did not believe to be deserving of
merit and which they did not believe ought to
passed be by the Senate.
I conclude these remarks without going into
any examination. I hope the suggestion of
the Senator from California may prevail, and
that if the bill is to be recommitted it will go
to t.he_ Committee on Claims or some other
committee. I do not want it recommitted my-
self; I havs no desire of that kind.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Doo-
little.) The pending motion is to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILLBY. I suppose the question
could be as well tested on the recommitment,
to which I am opposed, by moving to amend
that motion so that the bill may be referred
to the Committee on Claims, which motion I
make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from West Virginia moves to amend the mo-
tion to recommit by referring the bill to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLARK. I think we had better perhaps
try the motion to recommit to the committee
from which the bill came. I think there is no
doubt the Senate have confidence in that com-
mittee. I am sorry the Senator from West
Virginia should have understood that I in-
tended to accuse the sub-committee of making
up this bill in this way for the purpose of car-
rying one claim by means of another. What
I meant to say was that these people who went
before the board had done it for the purpose
of carrying one with the other. I did not
make any charge upon the committee.
I do not feci quite willing, so far as I am
individually concerned, after having expressed
myself so freely in regard to some of the
claims, that the bill should go to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and solely for the reason that
I tool that some of these people coming here
with claims might not feel that confidence they
ought to feel in a committee examining the
matter. 1 hey might feel that I was preju-
diced against, their claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope this amendment
which has been proposed by the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] will be adopted and an end
put to this controversy. Everybody knows that
m a ease of this kind we cannot ascertain the
facts with mathematical accuracy; and all we
can do is to approximate to justice. This sub-
ject lias been examined by a board constituted
for that purpose; it has been reexamined by
the Naval Committee; it has been elaborately
discussed here before the Senate; and now I
say it will be more economical for the Govern-
ment, if there be any persons in this number
presenting claims not just in law or equity, to
pay them the twelve per cent, rather than to
protract this litigation and controversy; and it
will be better for the men entitled to more than
twelve per cent, to have the twelve per cent,
at this time than to be compelled to wait year
after year and finally get in the end perhaps a
larger sum. I am in favor, so far as I am indi-
vidually concerned, of settling the question at
this time.
Now, sir, if the proposition that has been
suggested should prevail, and each one of these
claims should be brought before the Senate and
before Congress by itself, and discussed as ex-
tensively, as no doubt it would be, as the claims
have been upon this occasion, very much of
the time of Congress will be occupied with this
subject, and I do not believe there is any prob-
ability that we shall ascertain the facts in the
case and be more likely to do justice after all
that time and trouble than we are now. So far
as I am concerned, I have listened to this dis-
cussion and heard what has been said on both
sides; and I believe that justice will be pro-
moted,^ that it will be more to the advantage of
the claimants to have the question decided at
this time by the adoption of this proposition,
and that the Government will save money by
paying all these persons twelve per cent. I
think they will be benefited and the Govern-
ment will be benefited. I think the proposi-
tion ought to be adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. I need not. say, as I have
already spoken all I desire to say on that sub-
ject, that I differ very much from my friend
from Oregon in the opinion he has expressed;
but I rise to suggest that I think it is apparent
that it will be found on a slight examination
that the subject can be divided into classes
when it comes before the Senate again and
that although there are forty-two cases they
need not come before us in forty-two bills; nor
need even the examination be conducted except
as to classes. I think that it is not so much of
a work as is imagined and that if the bill be
recommitted it will be found to be more easily
and readily performed, and that we shall act
upon it with more promptness and, I will not
repeat, with more justice.
I am very glad the suggestion is made to
commit the subject to the Committe on Claims.
I wish to say again that I have no doubt the
honorable chairman of that committee will act,
not only with justice, but with generosity toward
these claimants. The case, as has been stated,
has been fully discussed here, and I think it
may be conceded that it is the sentiment of
the Senate to act with generosity toward these
claimants, and I have no doubt that it will be
examined with that view and with reference to
that sentiment and opinion; and I hope that
that course will be taken.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Missouri that he add to his motion
an instruction to the committee to report sep-
arately upon each case. I presume that each
case has its distinctive facts and features, and
I confess it struck me as somewhat improper
to group in a single bill as many cases of dif-
ferent claims, each claim sustained by a differ-
ent state of fact, as are embodied in this bill.
_ Another thought has occurred to me in rela-
tion to this matter. Some of these claimants
may have had other contracts with the Gov-
ernment and upon those other contracts they
may have made large profits, two or three
times the amount of their losses on the con-
tracts embodied in this bill. When a man con-
tracts with the Government, as a general rule
ho must risk his contract and he must make or
lose by itaccording to his judgment and accord-
ing to his vigilance and energy in the execu-
tion of his contract; and when he has made
profitable contracts with the Government, and
consequently has received large profits, is it
just to the Government, is there any claim of
justice in his favor that he shall retain all the
large profits which he has made upon other
contracts and shall be indemnified in a con-
tract on which he has made a loss? I think
not. It seems to me that the committee ought
to be_ instructed to report a separate bill in
relation to each case, and that Senators might
have an opportunity of withholding any remu-
neration in favor of parties who have made
large profits upon other contracts. I therefore
suggest to the Senator from Missouri that he
add to his motion that the committee, to what-
ever committee it maybe referred, be required
to report a separate bill in relation to each
claimant whom they deem entitled to relief.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 decline to accept
that amendment to my motion. I prefer that
the bill shall go back to the same committee
from which it came, since the discussion of the
question. I do not desire that it shall be sent
to the Committee on Claims. I have entire
Ci?np^enCe *n ^ie -^aval Committee, and after
the facts that have been developed here in the
discussion I think the Committee will do what
is right. I have no doubt about that. If they
r®portbacktheamendment of the chairman of
the Naval Committee I cannot say that I shall
vote against it; but I would rather they would
reexamine it. I think the Senate would be
better satisfied if there was a reexamination.
