3190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16',
and all that. I do not suppose these gentlemen
ever entertained such an idea. If people go
to California and carry on the mining business
in California they at once subject themselves
to the laws of California; and if those laws
are so prohibitory and illiberal as the gentleman
seems to think, so that nobody outside of the
State of California has a right to go there and
dig from the lands of the General Government
one solitary dollar, then these people will be
at once excluded if the laws of the State be
operative. I do think, sir, that the objections
that gentlemen raise against this bill are not
properly founded. Whatever might be the pro-
priety of their objections as to the Congress of
the United States entering upon a line of policy
that would enable persons to come from all sec-
tions of the Union and to derive frpm a corpo-
ration granted by Congress powers which they
intended to exercise exclusively in other States,
I do not think this bill presents such a case as
that those arguments are at all applicable to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, my atten-
tion was not called particularly to this bill
until it was brought up for consideration to-
day. I have heard the objections made to its
passage, and 1 must confess that they have no
considerable weight with me. I do not par-
ticipate in the fears that have been expressed
by Senators who oppose the passage of this
bill. It has been emphatically pronounced
vicious legislation ; but I submit that no good
reasons have been given to the Senate for the
expression of that opinion. Suppose Congress,
having exclusive jurisdiction to legislate for
the District of Columbia, should pass a gen-
eral act of incorporation providing that cer-
tain persons might incorporate themselves
under that act to do any legitimate business.
Many of the States have passed acts of that
description. J think that system of legislation
is prefeiuble lo special corporations. If there
was such a law as that in this District then
these persons could incorporate themselves to
do the business which they propose to do by
the terms of this bill. A, B, and C might file
articles of corporation declaring that their cap-
ital stock should be a certain amount, and
that each share should be a certain amount,
declaring where the principal oflice should bo,
and the business which they proposed to pur-
sue, all of which is declared in this bill; and
those persons so incorporated could then pro-
coed and transact the business described in
this bill, and they could own property else-
where than in the District of Columbia.
Now, I suppose it will not he pretended that
a corporation organized under the laws of a
State is confined in the transaction of its busi-
ness or in the possession of property to the
limits of the State in which it is organized.
Many corporations organized by the laws of
the New England States do business on the
Pacific coast; and .1 do not see why a corpo-
ration organized under the laws of Congress in
the District of Columbia, an artificial person,
may not own property outside of the District
of Columbia as well as a natural person living
in the District of Columbia. Suppose a man
here living in the District of Columbia is worth
$1,000,00(1, and he sees proper to engage in
the business described in this bill, and he in-
vests his money in mines in Virginia or Ohio
or California or Oregon. Certainly he has a
perfect right to do that, and nobody can com-
plain. So if half a dozen individuals unite to-
gether, and their capital consists of ยง1,000,000,
is there any reason why those half a dozen
persons should not be allowed to engage in the
same business that an individual residing within
this District might engage in who happened to
be worth $1,000,0007
It is said, why do not those persons living in
the District of Columbia, who are organized into
a company in this bill, go into the States where
they want to do business and obtain the privilege
from the State governments to transact their
business? Many of the States, and I do not
know but all of the States, require that where
a company is organized by_ the laws of the State,
that company shall have its principal place of
business within the State, and that a certain
portion of the stockholders or officers of the
company shall reside within the State: and the
laws of the State generally provide that citi-
zens of the United States living in the District
of Columbia cannot organize under the laws
of the State unless they transfer all their busi-
ness to those remote places and to States where
they do not live.
Now, it is to be remembered that there are
Territories of the United States where there
are extensive mines, and those persons organ-
ized by this act into a company may go into
the Territory of Montana and mine; they may
go into the Territory of Washington or the Ter-
ritory of Idaho and have and own mines. Is
there any reason why Congress should not pro-
vide by an act of incorporation that citizens
living in the District of Columbia may not go
into the Territories of the United States, over
which Congress has the power to legislate, and
engage in mining business there? It seems to
be assumed that this company is to be engaged
in mining in a State. That may be true, and
probably it is true. That would not be any
objection to the bill, even if it was true, in my
opinion; but if this company, organized for
the purpose of transacting this business, should
find that it cannot engage in this business within
any particular State, then it might engage in
the business of mining in some of the Territories
of the United States where the business of min-
ing is extensively prosecuted.
Now, sir, Congress is constantly engaged in
organizing companies, granting charters of in-
corporation to individuals living elsewhere than
in the District of Columbia, living in the dif-
ferent States and Territories. Railroad com-
panies arc organized. Several have been or-
ganized at this session of Congress. Persons
have been incorporated for the purpose of con-
structing railroads in tho different Territories
of the United States. I believe a company has
been organized to build a telegraph from the
United States to the West India islands. Tho
power which is to be exercised in this case is
a power that is constantly exercised by Con-
gress; and a bill is now pending here to organ-
ize a company to build a ship-canal around
the falls of Niagara. Therefore the objection
which is made to this particular bill, it strikes
me, is one that cannot prevail at this time, un-
less Congress proposes to reverse all that has
been done for a long time in reference to mat-
ters of this description. I think that it is tho
duty of Congress to promote as far as prac-
ticable the interests of (he citizens of tho Dis-
trict of Columbia, and that persons residing in
this District should have the same opportuni-
ties to transact business as' citizens residing
within a State. Congress stands in tho same
relation to the people of this District that a
State government does to the people of a State;
and I undertake to say there is no State in this
Union where these individuals, if they resided
within that State, could notbe organized, either
by a special act of incorporation or under a
general law of incorporation; there is no State
in this Union where this bill might not become
a law, either by a special act of legislation or
under a general act of incorporation. It seems
to mc that the citizens of this District ought
to have tho same rights and privileges, and
Congress ought, to bo as liberal as a State gov-
ernment would be to them if they resided in
any State.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senator from
Maryland who called this bill up will allow it
to be laid aside for the present. I have sev-
eral small matters in charge that I desire to
take up and dispose of this afternoon, and I
trust that he will allow me to move the post-
ponement of this bill until to-morrow, so that
I may call up some other bills.
Mr. CRESWELL. Does the gentleman
desire to move any amendments to the bill?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; I desire to move
an amendment to the bill. I do not wish to
consume the whole day upon this one bill, and
I hope, as this day was assigned particularly
to the consideration of matters bclouging to
the District of Columbia, that I maybe allowed
to dispose of some other bills.
Mr. CRESWBLL. If the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia desires
to propose an amendment to the bill, I will
consent to this postponement.
Mr. MORRILL. I will see if I cannot pro-
pose some amendment which will obviate the
objections that have been brought against it.
Mr. CRESWELL. Very good, sir; with
that understanding, I consent to the postpone-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.PoMEMY
in the chair.) The Senator from Maine moves
that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FE05I TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 360) to regulate the appoint-
ment of paymasters in the Navy, and explana-
tory of the act for the better organization of
the pay department of the Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 57) for the relief of the heirs
of Lieutenant Joshua D. Todd, late of the
United States Navy, deceased; and
A bill (S. No. 202) for the relief of Elisha
W. Dunn, a paymaster in the United States
Navy.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(S. No. 307) authorizing the restoration of
Commander Charles Hunter to the Navy, with
an amendment, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 447) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to sell a portion of the Fort
Leavenworth military reservation to the city
of Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, for a
public park ;
A bill (II. E. No. 448) to authorize the con-
struction of a railroad through certain land of
the United States in Kansas;
A bill (H. R. No. 486) for tho relief of Cath-
erine Welch;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 158) provid-
ing for the settlement of accounts of W. H.
Hamricl;;
A bill (IT. R. No. 683) for the relief of J.
Judson Barclay;
_A joint resolution (II. R. No. 159) author-
izing the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
employ three additional watchmen in the Smith-
sonian grounds; and
A joint resolution (H. li. No. 160) for the
relief of William D. Nelson.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled joint resolutions; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 87) to provide
for the payment of bounty to certain Indian
regiments; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) to extend
to the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, of
West Virginia, tlie provisions of the act ap-
provedJuly4, 1864, entitled" An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims and to
provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermaster's stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United
States."
NEW YORK AND MONTANA COMPANY VETO.
Mr. Cooper, the President's Private Secre-
tary, appeared below the bar, and said:
I am directed by the President of the Uni-
ted States to return to the Senate, the House
in which it originated, the bill (S. No. 203) to
enable the New York and Montana Iron Min-
ing and Manufacturing Company to purchase
