12Y0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
internal police, are not surrendered or restrained; .and
that it is as competent and necessary for a State to pro-
vide precautionary measures aga inst the moral pestilence
of paupers, vagabonds, and convicts, as it is to guard
against the physical pestilence which may arise from
unsound and infectious articles imported."—Page 47.
Justice Story, in delivering the opinion of
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
case of Prigg vs. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, 16 Peters, page 625, says:
" To guard, however, against any possible miscon-
struction of our views, it is proper to state that wo
are by no moans to be understood, in any manner
whatever, to doubt or to interfere with the police
power belonging to the Statesin virtue of their gen oral
sovereignty. That police power extends o ver all sub-
jects within the territorial limits of the States, and
has never been conceded to the United States."
Now, let it be remembered that in all these
authorities, it is assumed that the privileges
and immunities referred to as attainable in the
States are required to be attained, if at all,
according to the laws or constitutions of the
iStates, and never in defiance of them.
This bill rests upon a theory utterly incon-
sistent with and in direct hostility to every one
cf these authorities. It asserts the right of Con-
gress to regulate the laws which shall govern in
the acquisition and ownership of property in
the States, and to determine who may go there
and purchase and hold property, and to protect
such persons in the enjoyment of it. The right
of the State to regulate its own internal and do-
mestic affairs, to select its own local policy, and
make and administer its own laws for the pro-
tection and welfare of its own citizens, is denied.
IfCongress can declare what rights and privileges
shall be enjoyed in the States by the peojde of
one class, it can by the same kind of reasoning
determine what shall be enjoyed by every class.
If it can say who may go into and settle in and
acquire property in a State, it can also say who
shall not. if it can determine who may testify
and sue in the courts of a State, it may equally
determine who shall not. If it can order the
transfer of suits from the State to the Federal
courts, where citizcns of the same State alone
are parties, in such cases as may arise under
this oill, it can by parity of logic dispense with
the State courts entirely. Congress, in short,
may erect a great centralized, consolidated
despotism in this capital. And such is the
rapid tendency of such legislation as this bill
proposes.
I now submit that I have established beyond
successful controversy the propriety of my po-
sitions. But before I invite attention to the
details of this bill, I must notice briefly an-
other claim of constitutional authority for it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Tn.vYCr.J has fairly won the distinction, in this
debate, of having discovered a new fountain of
congressional power. Ho informs us in effect
that the first eleven amendments to the Consti-
tution are grants of power to Congress; that
they contain guarantees which it is the right and
duty of Congress to secure and enforce in the
States. Hitherto those amendments havebeen
supposed, by lawyers, statesmen, and courts, to
contain only limitations on the power of Con-
gress. The history of the country teaches us
that the people of the States feared that, by
such vicious constructions as we now dailvhear,
Congress might usurp powers not granted to it,
and thus peril the rights of the States and of
their citizens; and therefore the States de-
manded these amendments as safeguards against
encroachments on the part of the General Gov-
ernment. in almost every convention by which
the Constitution was adopted, amendments to
guard against the abuse of power by the General
Government were recommended. They were
not intended to be, and tliuy are not, limitations
on the powers of the States. They are bulwarks
of freedom, erected by the jjeople between the
States and the Federal Government, and this
bill is an attempt to prostrate them. What right
has Congress to invade a State, and dictate
to it how it shall protect its citizens in their
right not to be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without duo process of law? Or what right
has it to assume that a State will not do its duty
(-i it< i-i'izp'i- in tliepe particulars, and then,
ppon such assumption, "to usurp the functions
of the State government? This bill attempts to
do this thing: It applies to every State in this
Union. Are the States supposed to have lost
all interest in the welfare and protection of
their own citizens?
Mr. TIIA.YER. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. KERB. If I have misstated his posi-
tion I will.
Mr. THAYER. I do not know that the gen-
tleman has misstated my position, but I ask
him of what value he supposes such a guarantee
is, if, as he contends, there is no power to
maintain it.
Mr. KERR. I will answer the gentleman from
the pen of a man—I say it for no offense—who
is a safer guide in questions of constitutional
law than he.
I answer the gentleman's position on this
point by a quotation from the pen of that most
revered judge, Chief Justice Marshall, which
lie will find in the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the case of
Barron vs. The Mayor, &c., of Baltimore, (7
Peters R., 243:)
"The Constitution was ordained and established
by the people of the United States for themselves, for
their own government, and not for tb e government of
the individual States. Each State established a con-
stitution for itself, and in that constitution provided
such limitations and restrictions on the powers of its
pariiouiar government ns its judgment dictated. The
people of the United States framed such a Govern-
ment for the United States as they supposed best
adapted to theirsituation, and best caleulatcd to pro-
mote their interests. The powers they conferred on
this Government, were to be exercised by itself; and
the limitations on power, if cxpiessedingeneial terms,
are naturally, and. we think, necessarily applicable
to the1 Government created by the1 instrument. They
arc limitations of power granted in the instrument
itself: not oi distinct governments, framed by differ-
ent persons, and lor different purposes."
" If these repositions be corrcct the fifth amend-
ment must be understood as restraining the power of
the General Government, not as applicable to the
States. Had Congress engaged in the extraordinary
occupation of improving the constitutions of the
several States by affording the people additional pro-
tection from the exeieise of power by their own gov-
ernments in matters which concerned themselves
alone they would have declared this purpose in plain
and intelligible language."
Is the gentleman answered ?
Mr. THAYER. No, sir. I do not consider
that I have received any answer at all. The
gentleman has read a passage from the opinion
of Chief Justice Marshall in regard to the lim-
itations of the powers granted by the Constitu-
tion to Congress. My question was as to the
guarantees of the Constitution. Of what value
are those guarantees if you deny all power on
the part of the Congress of the United States
to execute and enforce them? That question
was not answered, nay, it was not touched by
the passage which the gentleman has read from
the opinion of Chief Justice Marshall.
Mr. KERR. I submit that the position now
taken by the gentleman evades the whole
question. The gentleman dodges the issue
concerning which I am speaking. I am speak-
ing now about the limitations upon the power of
Congress. I am telling him, and I am telling
this House, that they have no right to find a
grant of power in what was intended as a lim-
itation upon power. That is my position.
There are no guarantees in these limitations in
the Constitution. Chief Justice Marshall, in
the case from which I have cited, expressed
the unanimous opinion of the court when he
said that these are limitations upon the power
of Congress and not upon the powers of the
States. They are not guarantees at all, ex-
cept to protect the States against the usurpa-
tions of Congress and the General Govern-
ment. They simply say that Congress shall
not invade the rights of the States of this
Union-to do things that are forbidden to be
done by the first eleven amendments of the
Constitution. I say, therefore, that so far as
the ftasis of this power insisted on by the gen-
tleman in his argument the other day is con-
cerned, he cannot support it by any reference
to these amendments of the Constitution. So
far as the Constitution does contain guarantees
| in favor of the people, which it is the right of
I the General Government to enforce. I hold
them as sacred as any man can. And where
they need congressional legislation to cnforce
them, I am in favor of enacting it.
The same construction is given to these
amendments by the same court in 5 Howard
R., 432. See also 17 Alabama R., -516; 8
Wendell R., 100 ; 10 Id., 449 ; 24 Id., 337.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these considerations con-
vince my judgment that this bill is not fit to be
voted for. But I cannot hope that they will
produce the slightest effect upon the minds
of those gentlemen on the other side of this
Chamber whose fashion it is to treat with
derision the frequent appeals to the Constitu-
tion which are made on this side. If any gen-
tleman on that side considers such conduct
consistent with the high duties of an American
legislator, that is his matter, not ours; but it
does not change or lessen the duties of the
faithful minority on this floor. I beg leave to
remind the majority, in no spirit of unkindness,
that if they had been more mindful of the ad-
monitions they have received from the minority
here it would not have become necessary for
the President, more faithful to the Constitu-
tion than they, to cast them into mourning by
his late invincible veto. If my wishes were
dictated by mere partisan motives I should
earnestly pray them to continue to act in the
same reckless spirit and to propose and pass
such measures as this. Such measures will
plead our cause before the popular tribunal of
our country with more eloquent tongues than
our most eloquent popular advocates. The
popular verdict upon such legislation cannot
fail to vindicate us sooner or later. We say to
you, therefore, if you will:
"Be thou the trumpet of our wrath,
And sullen presage of your own decay."
Now, I will advert to some of the details of
this bill. The second secticm reads as follows:
That any person who, under color of any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall sub-
ject or cause to be subjected any inhabitant of any
State or Territory to the deprivation of any right se-
cured or protected by this act, or to different punish-
ment, paiiis, or penalties on account of such person
hawing at any time been held in a condition of sla-
very or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, or by reason of his color or race, than
is prescribed for the punishment of white persons,
shall be deemed guilly of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction shall be punished by fine not exceeding
$1,000, or imprisonment not exceeding one year,.or
both, in the discretion of the court."
Viewing this and the first section of the bill to-
gether, we learn that the proposed statute will
be both remedial and penal in its character.
It proposes to protect certain rights and to pun-
ish for the failure to protect them. Clearness
and certainty should be found in every criminal
law. This bill is liable to the very great objec-
tion that its provisions are uncertain as to their
meaning. Its intentions are expressed in terms
which are alike undefined and indefinable.
For example, what does the word citizen, mean
in the first section ? Etymologically, it is said
to mean a person who enjoys the freedom and
privileges of a city. In American law, one
writer says it means a person, native or nat-
uralized, who has the privilege of voting for
public officers and of being elected to office.
Another says it means any person, native-born
or naturalized, of either sex, who is entitled to
full protection in the exercise and enjoyment
of the so-called private rights, but does not
define what those rights are. This bill says:
There shall bo no discrimination in civil rights or
immunities among citizens of the United States in any
State or Territory, on account of race,-color, or pre-
vious condition of slavery.
But it does not define the term "civil rights
and immunities/' What are sueh rights? One
writer says civil rights are those which have no
relation to the establishment, support, or man-
agement of the Government. Another says
they are the rights of a citizen; rights due from
one citizen to another, the privation of which
is a civil injury for which redress maybe sought
by a civil action. Other authors define all these
terms in different ways, and assign to them
larger or narrower definitions accordingto their
vie-vs. Who shall settla these questions? Who
