1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2231
I do not ask that the committee report sepa-
rate bills; I do not want them to do so ; they
may class the cases.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there would not be an
absolute necessity for a separate bill in each
case. I think the casea could be classified.
For instance, the cases of the hulls could be
put by themselves. There are some eases that
spring out of the manufacture of wooden hulls
of vessels entirely; others were different classes
of vessels, and different classes of engines.
Pour or five or six bills might cover all the
cases.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the country
will be better satisfied and the Senate will be
better satisfied to have this measure go back
for reexamination; and if the committee shall,
upon that reexamination, decide that we ought
to pay these claims, 1 am sure that I do not un-
derstand the subject sufficiently to put myself
against the allowance; but I think facts enough
have been developed to satisfy me anyhow that
there are some claims here that ought not to
be allowed. I suggest further, that the way the
bill now stands the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] has secured the adoption of an
amendment to pay two other claimants. I do
not know whether their claims have ever been
examined by the committee or not. I do not
suppose they have.
Mr. SUMNER. They are only to be paid
what they shall prove before the Department.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not satisfied with
that sort of legislation. They never were before
the board, as I understand. I did not under-
stand that the Senator's amendment provided
that those cases should be examined by the
Department.
Mr. NYE. The amendment is that they
shall stand on the same footing with the others,
the same percentage being allowed as in the
other cases.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, let me suggest
that if the amendment of the Senator from
low^,, the able chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee, should be adopted, that pays twelve per
cent, on the entire amount of the contract price.
The amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is to be included, of course, bringing
in two contracts that have never been examined,
and very large contracts, as I understand; those
contractors will be paid twelve per cent., too,
though the committee has never examined
those cases at all. The committee has not
reported that they are entitled to anything; the
board has not examined those claims; and all
I have to satisfy me that they are entitled to
anything is the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts. That upon a great many rad-
ical measures would be amply satisfactory to
me; but I do not know that I can vote twelve
per cent, upon two large contracts merely
because these gentlemen are thought by the
Senator from Massachusetts to be as meritori-
ous as those reported upon.
Now, I do not think we are legislating prop-
erly. Senators may think that I am putting
myself in the way of doing justice to meritori-
ous characters when I know nothing about
the subject. That may be true. I think it is
altogether likely that if the committee will
reexamine this question and report back to
the Senate that I am mistaken, and that I am
interfering in a thing about which I know
nothing, I shall be perfectly satisfied. I do
not know that I shall put myself in the way
here again. I differ with the Senator from
Oregon. He says the-cheapest way to do this
thing is to vote the bill ana get rid of it. It
has suggested itself to my mind that to-mor-
row morning I will bring a suit against my
friend from Oregon. He says that when a
claim is prosecuted against a defendant the
best way is to pay it. I will only make my
claim against my friend very large, and he will
pay me twelve per cent, to get rid of me, I
suppose, as the cheapest way to settle the
suit, [laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. No doubt I should make
money by it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. I will say no more.
I hope we shall vote on this proposition and
refer it back to the Naval Committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I am very much in the
fosition of the Senator from Missouri; that is,
know nothing vefy specially about this case.
I have a general impression resulting from a
general reading of the case and from some
observations upon the case as it has progressed
here. But what occurs to me is this: what are
we to gain by sending it back to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs? We send it back to
them for what purpose; with what expecta-
tion? Is it said that any new light has been
elicited by the debate? Are we satisfied that
this committee have been corrected in their
judgment, instructed, or informed by this de-
bate, so that they are in abetter condition now
than they were when the debate began? If so,
there might be some hope ; but if they are all
of the opinion of my honorable friend from
West Virginia, [Mr. Wii.ley,] I should have
very little expectation of their changing much
this report.
Is it expccted by those who propose to send
the report back to the Naval Committee that
new evidence is to be taken? Is there any
new evidence to be offered? Is it to be re-
turned to the committee with instructions to
reinvestigate and take new evidence*? If not,
what is to be gained by a recommittal?
It is to be recommitted, I hear it suggested,
for the purpose of classification. How valua-
ble that would be, I do not know. It might
aid the Senate somewhat in its investigation,
possibly ; but after all it would not enlighten
the judgment of the committee, and so tar as
results are concerned they would reach the
same things precisely. And now all of us can
see that this is a question of confidence to some
little extent. I feel that I, to some extent, am
to vote on this as a question of the confidence
I repose in the committee and the commission.
I believe the allowance is reduced now, on the
motion of the honorable Senator from Iowa,
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to twelve per cent, on the contracts or
twelve per cent, on some definite sum. That
I understand now to be the judgment of that
committee; I believe the entire committee.
The moving of the amendment by the honora-
ble chairman conveyed to me the inference that
that is his judgment; and now I understand the
committee are agreed that at least twelve per
cent, ought to be paid. I understand the sug-
gestion of the Senator from West Virginia to
be that there are no claimants named in the
bill who ought not at least to have that much.
Now, sir, if we are to act on that basis, what
on earth is to be gained by longer delay in re-
turning this to the committee? The classifica-
tion which is suggested as possibly being an
advantage to us, after all I conceive will be of
very little use to us. I have read this report,
and at one time I went through it somewhat
with a view to make up a general judgment
about it; and I think there is specification.
Although there is general aggregation, there is
detail; each case is set down by itself and each
case was considered by itself.
I have made up my mind that on the whole,
if it came to a general vote, I should vote for
this bill, not that I have examined each case in
detail and have become satisfied of its particu-
lar merit, but I do not forget the general fact
that this work was done at a time when every-
body must know that in the nature of things it
was impracticable to do the thing without los-
ing money. The Government was pressing in
these shops in all directions. They were crowded
with work. They gave up their own private en-
terprises to facilitate the public service; and I
think we all know enough of the general dis-
orders of the country, the general disruption of
business affairs, to know that it was impracti-
cable in the nature of things that these business
operations could have gone forward under the
circumstances at all economically to the con-
tractors.
But I am not going to argue the question,
because I am not sufficiently posted on the par-
ticular facts to justify it. I mean to say simply
that all the evidence, all the facts offered 111 this
case, concur in showing that this business on
the whole was a bad business for the contract-
ors. _ The general judgment of the committee
now is that at least twelve per cent, is due these
contractors. There is no danger that injustice
will be done by the Government if that much
is allowed; much more is claimed, and much
more, I believe, the majority of the committee
concluded to report to the Senate.
One other thing should be considered: how
does this case come hero ? The question was
here last year, presented to the consideration
of the Senate, and on the whole it was thought
best to refer it to the Department out of which
these contracts originated, who were supposed
to have some information of course of the whole
affair, to appoint a commission—a commission
of its own choice, a commission of its own men,
who would sit upon these cases, hear all the
evidence, and riiake up a judgment. That was
a commission appointed on one side ; it is what
in ordinary parlance we should say was an ex
parte arbitration, arbitrators chosen entirely
on the part of the«Govemment; not in the or-
dinary law parlance an indifferent arbitration,
but an ex parte arbitration, arbitrators chosen
by the Government itself, Government em-
ploys, Government officers. Certainly a pre-
sumption ought to arise, I submit, that so far
as the Government is concerned it has had an
umpire of its own choosing. Nobody says it
was not intelligent; nobody suggests that it has
not been indifferent; nobody suggests that the
award has not been the result of full consider-
ation ; and now I think the fair deduction is
that the Government interests, at least under
these circumstances, were duly considered.
Then, in addition to that, it has had a further
safeguard. That report coming into this Sen-
ate has been referred to one of your first com-
mittees, and you have the evidence of the man-
ner in which they have attended to their duties,
and to-day I understand thatall that committee
concur in the judgment and belief that at least
twelve per cent, ought to be paid these per-
sons. Under these circumstances, I rose only
to suggest that I shall vote, not to recommit,
but for the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Missouri'moves to recommit this bill
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, to which
the Senator from West Virginia moves an
amendment to commit it to the Committee on
Claims.
The amendment was not agreed to.
_ Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on tho motion of the Senator from
Missouri to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 13, nays.23; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Coaness, Davis,
Doolittle, Guthrie, Henderson, Howe, Kirkwood,
Riddle Sherman, Trumbull, and "Wade—13.
SAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Foster, Grimes,
Harris, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, MePougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Willey, "Williams, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, BunkaAew, Cowan, Cres-
well, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessendcn, Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Norton, Saulsbury, Wright,
and Yates—13.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have but one more
motion to make in regard to this bill, and then,
if the Senate desire, they can pass it. I move
that the pending bill and tho amendments be
committed to the Committee on the Judiciary
with instructions to report a bill by which the
claimants may institute their several actions in
the Court of Claims and recover such amount
as will reimburse their actual cost in executing
the contracts. I ask for the yeas and nays.
[" No, no."] I withdraw the call.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. For thepurpose of ascer-
taining what is the precise judgment of the
Senate on this matter3 I move to amend the
blThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
