1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319Iv
a certain amount of the public lands not now
in market, with his objections thereto in writ-
ing.
Mr. WADE. I move that the veto message
of the President be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi\Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Chair will take this oppor-
tunity to lay before the Senate the veto message
from the President of the United States.
The Secretary proceeded to read the mes-
Mr. WADE. I move that the reading of the
message be dispensed with, and that it be printed
for the use of the Senate. It seems to me there
is no occasion for reading it through.
Several Senators. Let it be read.
Mr. WADE. Nobody will attend to it if it
is read, and it will take some time to read it.
I think it had better bo printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I presume the Senator
will not insist upon that. I hope we shall hear
the message road.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to inquire
of those who know, whether such a thing has
ever been done in any former instance as not
to read a veto message from the President of
the United States.
Mr. MORRILL. The last one wc had was
not read.
Mr. IIENDRICKS. Yes, sir, it was.
Mr. MORRILL. It was not read the day it
was sent here ; but it was ordered to be printed,
and it was read the next day.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should really like to
know whether such a thing was ever before
known under any former Administration as
refusing to read a message from the President ;
of the United States. I
Mr. WADE. The only reason why I moved ;
to dispense with the reading of the message |
was that there are a good many other District !
bills to be acted upon, some of them very j
important, and time is very precious. It is !
hardly probable that we shall get another day i
on which to act upon them at this session. |
One or two of them it is almost indispensable
should be passed, and if we have this message
read it will take up a good deal of time. That
is all T have to say about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the further reading
of the message of the President of the United
States be dispensed with, and that the message
be printed and laid upon the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 think if the Senator
from Ohio will reflect upon it ho will hardly
insist upon that motion. It will take but a
lew minutes to read the message.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend it will be
quicker to read it than to have a discussion as
to whether it shall be read or not.
Mr. WADE. I believe it is consented now
on all hands that the reading shall be dispensed
with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from In-
diana insists on having it read. I presume no
one wants to be considered as acting discourt-
eously in any way to the President. I think
sometimes messages from the President of the
United States have not been read, but have
been ordered to be printed. That is my recol-
lection since I have been here. But if anybody
supposes that it will be a reflection on the Pres-
ident not to read it, T hope it will be read. I
am sure nobody wants to treat the message
disrespectfully.
Mr.SPRAGUE. It will not take more than
ten minutes to road it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio withdraw his motion?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; I withdraw it. I
suppose we are at the mercy of the President.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the
message.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the message
be laid upon the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions
from the House of Representatives were sev-
erally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
A bill (H. 11. No. 447) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to sell a portion of the Fort
Leavenworth military reservation to the city
of Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, for a
public park—-to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (IT. R. No. 448) to authorize the con-
struction of a railroad through certain land of
the United States in Kansas—to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. It. No. 480) for the relief of
Catherine Welch—to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 150) provid-
ing for the settlement of the accounts of W. II.
Ramriek—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
A hill (II. R. No. 083) for the relief of J.
•Tudson Barclay—to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
A joint, resolution (II. R. No. 159) author-
izing the Commissioner of Public Buildings
to employ three additional watchmen in the
Smithsonian grounds—to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 100) for the
relief of William I). Nelson—to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
commander charles hunter.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 307) authorizing the restoration of
Commander Charles Hunter to the Navy:
which was in the first line of the bill to insert
the word " States'' after the word " United.''
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
government of the district.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 97.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the title of it?
Mr. MORRILL. ''A bill in addition to the
several acts for establishing the temporary and
permanent seat of the Government oi' the
United States, and to resume the legislative
powers delegated to the cities of Washington
and Georgetown and the levy court in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Maine if he has the con-
science to call up such a bill as that at this
period of the day ?
Mr. MORRTLL. 1 do not want to make it
a matter of conscience if I can help it. [Laugh-
ter.] I do not propose to ask the Senate to
consider the bill to-day, but I want to have the
bill read, and at an early day 1 shall ask for
the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that question I
wish to say just one word. I am one of the
Senators who are anxious for an early ad-
journment, and I had intended, if the chair-
man of the Financc Committee had been here,
to call up to-day the resolution of the House
of Representatives for an adjournment, with
a view to fixing some day. Now, the Senator
from Maine may disclaim all obligations to
conscience in regard to this bill; but I think
it is a question of conscience to call up a bill
of one hundred and two pages in respect to
the District of Columbia, not having anything
to do with the general interests of the country,
at this period of the session, when we all want-
to get home, especially when we have to live
in this hot-house.
Mr. MORRILL. I only want to have the
bill read.
Mr. HENDRICKS.^ Mr. President, I think
we had bettor meet this question at this time.
We cannot go into the question, at this session,
of the entire reorganization of the government
of the District of Columbia. I understand that
this is an abandonment of the system whichhas-
governed this city for so many years. In con-
sidering this bill we have got to consider all
the questions of government suitable to a city.
We ought not to pass a bill of this kind with
less than five or six days' consideration. It is
a bill of one hundred and two pages, and is to
be followed, I presume, by a bill of one or two
or three hundred pages, remodeling the tax
laws of the District. We shall not getaway
from here this summer if we undertake such
jobs as this; and I appeal to the Senator to
consider the question of conscience.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator did not un-
derstand me. I did not make this bill a mat-
ter of conscience. I said I did not want to
make the question of taking it up a matter of
conscience. I do not want the Senate to be
frightened out of its sense of propriety by any
suggestion of the honorable Senator from In-'
diana that there is no time to consider this bill.
The bill is a little voluminous, I know; but it
is a matter of detail simply. The principle of
it is very simple. It is merely to confer on
another set of functionaries the functions which
are exercised by the municipal officers of three
corporations in this District. The necessity for
it is imminent. If there is anything like bad
government, shameless government anywhere,
it is in this District, and I am prepared to show
it; and I -shall show a case, too, and shall not
require a great deal of time to do it, that will
make the Senator from Indianablush to under-
take to oppose the measure. 1 know that de-
cency is outraged in this District by these cor-
porations ; some of them particularly. I do
not like to be told, when a bill has been five
months on the tables of Senators, that there is
no time to consider it, not even to read it.
Now, Mr. President, no more important
measure scarcely is likely to be brought before
this Congress in many a day than the one I
now desire to call up. My honorable friend
says that it is to overthrow the system which
has obtained here since the organization of the
Government. That is not so at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is to remodel it.
Mr. MORRILL. It is simply to resume the
functions with which we began. It never was
designed that the jurisdiction over this District,
which was exclusive in Congress, should be
conferred on three small corporations. Con-
gress never will respect its dignity and its
character, nor begin to perform its duty until
it exercises the jurisiction which was exclu-
sively conferred upon it over this District. I
should like to know of the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, if he has looked at this sub-
ject at all, how he undertakes to account to
the American people for the outrageous abuses
which have characterized the government of
this District in the last fifteen or twenty years,
patent to everybody: and by what authority
the trust which the American people conferred
upon Congress has been delegated in this way,
or abused in this way, or neglected, if you
please.
Sir, these are some of the topics to which I
propose to address myself as a matter of con-
science when the bill comes up. The ques-
tion of conscience of which I spol'e was'simply
the question of taking it up. The question
involved in the bill is a matter of most serious
consideration and of very great importance.
There is nothing so frightful in its volume as
that it ought to intimidate anybody. If is sim-
ply a proposition to divest these functionaries
of their functions, and confer tliem upon men
of our own appointment. There is nota single
section or line of legislation in it beyond that.
I do not propose to alter the law in any respect
whatever except simply to take these functions
out of the hands of the men who are now exer-
cising them, and to confer them upon persons
of our own selection.
Now, sir, the request that, I make T do not
think is an unreasonable one. The business
of the District of Columbia has not occupied
much time here. But a single half day before
this, and not half of this day, have I had the
good fortune to occupy, have we had during
