vm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBl,
March 9,
States on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of slavery," and insert in the thirteenth line of
the first section, after the word right" the words
"in every State and Territory of the United States."
Also to strike out all parts of said bill which are
penal, and which authorize criminal proceedings,
and in lieu thereof to give to all citizens injured by
denial or violation of any of the other rights securea
orprotected bysaid act an actionin the United States
courts with double costs in all cases of recovery, with-
out regard to the amount of damages; and also to
secure to such persons the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now demand the
previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
53, noes 45.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered, which was upon
recommitting the bill with instructions.
leave of absence.
Mr. WARD asked, and obtained, leave of
absence for one week for Mr. Griswold.
Mr. THAYER asked, and obtained, leave of
absence for one week for Mr. Eckley.
Mr. LOAN asked, and obtained, indefinite
leave of absence for Mr. Bexjamix.
Mr. ROLLINS asked, and obtained, leave
of absence for ten days for himself.
transfer of smithsonian library.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the transfer of the Smith-
sonian library; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Library.
b. v. p. strauber.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and obtained, leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of S. V. P. Strauber, leaving copies
of the same.
1ndtans in michigan.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution directing the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa,
and Pottawatomie Indians residing in Michi-
gan the amount of annuities and moneys which
equitably belong to the portions of said tribes
residing in the State of Michigan out of any
moneys or stocks now in the possession or
under the control of the United States belong-
ing to the said Chippewa, Ottawa, or Potta-
watomie Indians, or to the Pottawatomie na-
tion of Indians ; which was read a first and
se.cond time, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr.THAYER moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock p. m.) the Hoube adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referied to appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of A. Boyian, T.
H. Sweeny, A. 0aa, M. Taylor, M. Wilkur, and 500
others, of Laporte, Indiana, in favor of a law enact-
ing that eight hours shall oe a legal day's work for
alt workmen, artisans, or laborers in the employ of
the United States.
By Mr. AMES: The petition of officers of theQuincy
Savings Bank, of Quincy, Massachusetts, to oe re-
lieved from tax on dividends and deposits now im-
posed by the internal revenue law.
/ By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of A. J. Walker,
and others, citizens of Hillsdale county, Michigan,
praying for an exlension of the time for completing
the Amboy, Landing, and Traverse Bay railroad.
Also, the petition o& Warren Jackson, and 3d0 oth-
ers, citizens of the township of Litchfield, Hillsdale
county, Michigan, askingforan extension ofthcJand
grant to the Amboy, Lansing, and TraverseBay Rail-
road Company.
Also, thy peiition of AY. Huff and others, citizens of
Jonesville, Hillsdale county, Michigan, asking for the
extension of the land grant to tne Amboy, Lansing,
and Traverse Bay Railroad Company, State of Michi-
gan.
By Mr.BOYER: The petition of certain citizens of
Pennsylvania, tor the reduction of tax on agricultural
implements.
Also, the petition of C. II. Nimson, and 61 others,
mechanics and laborers of Pennsylvania, praying for
an increase of the tariff.
By Mr. 1>ELAN0: The petition of Edward B/ir-
rett, and 100 others, veteran volunteers of Coshocton
county, Ohio, praying lor the equalization of bounties
to soldiers by the United States Government who
•nlisted in 1861 and 1862.
■Also, the petition of James "Whits, Norman Guern-
sey, and 15 others, assistant assessors of internal
revenue, praying an increase of compensation and
allowance of traveling fee and office rent.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of B. F.
Lawrence, A. B. Fish, and 50others, citizens of Elgin,
Illinois, for improved water facilities for transpoita-
tion to the sea-board.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of 25 citizens of
Charlestown, Portage county, Ohio, for several laws
providing for immediate payment of bounties to sol-
diers in the war for the suppression of the rebellion
in such proportion as will make it equal to the time
of service rendered—-in the aggregate $300 for three
years.
Also, a petition of 41 citizens of the same place, of
like import.
Also, the petition of 67 citizens, praying for such
legislation as will protect the mechanics and laborers
in American manufacturing establishments "to the
extentof thedifferenceof thecostof capital andlabor
here and abroad, with the addition of taxes paid by
American industrial products from which the foreign
are free."
Also, from 76 pei sons engaged in<f agriculture, min-
ing, manufactures, commerce, and the mechanic arts,"
remonstrating against any alteration in the present
rates of duties on imports which will lead to large
importations, and in favor of such alterations in the
revenue laws as will insure constant employment to
laboreis in all branches of industry at remunerative
wages, and not benefit the Governments which, dur-
ing our civil war, by act and sympathy, labored to
destroy us.
By Mr.GLOSSBRENNER: The petition of a num-
ber of manufacturers of agricultural implements,
praying for a reduction of the tax upon sales of such
implements, and for a repeal altogether of the tax
upon castings made by themselves when such castings
enter into the coustiuction of the implements.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of New York: The petition of
200 citizens of the town of Sherburne, New York, for a
new mail routeiroin Sheiburne, in the county of Che-
nango, to Oneonta, in the county of Otsego, via Colum-
bus and New Berlin.
Also, the petition of 120 citizens of Columbus, New
York, for the same.
Also, the petition of citizens of New Berlin, New
York, for the same.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: The petition of A. E. Good-
rich, and others, ofChicago, Illinois, asking an appro-
Sriation of money to aid in the improvement of Eagle
arbor, Michigan, on Lake Superior.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of Rawson Bcllis,
and others, citizens of New York, praying for a. law
to regulate inttfr-Stato insurances of all kinds, &c.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 48 citizens of
Montour county, Pennsylvania, asking for such a re-
vision of the tariff laws as will protect domestic labor
and invite the investment of capital in home manu-
facturer.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of E. G-. Lap ham,
Esq., and 33 others, of Ontario county, New York,
asking that Congress will enact such laws as may
be just for securing_inter-State insurances.
Also, the petition of James O.Sheldon, and over
60 others, of Ontario county, New York, asking for
a renewal of a patent right upon a com-sheller to
Thomas D. Burrcll, of Geneva, New York.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
the officers of the South Boston Savings Bank, for
exemption fiom tax on deposit? in that institution.
By Mr.SAWYER: Tho petition of R.L.D. Porter,
and others, re>idents of "Waushara county, Wiscon-
sin, for Congress to grant such judicious and sufficient
aid a? will hasten the completion of the improve-
ment of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, the ship-canal
connecting Lake Erie with Lake Ontario and the
Hudson river, and other internal improvements.
Also, the petition of T. C. Shove, aud 75 others,
citizens of Manitowoc county, Wisconsin, praying
for an increase of pension to Samuel E. Stone, late
sergeant company E, fourteenth Wisconsin volun-
teers.
By Mr. SCIIENCK: The petition of 1,007 citizens
and soldiers of Ohio, for additional bounties to such
soldiers ae enlisted prior to December 2-1, 1863.
Bv Mr. STEVENS: The memorial of Colonel Ju-
lius W. Adams, of the city of New York, engineer,
setting forth certain facts relative to the burning of
petroleum as fuel under marine and other boilers,
and asking for an appropriation of $5,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy, at the Brooklyn navy-yard, for the purpose of
ascertaining the calorific power and economic value
of petroleum as a fuel for steam purposes as com-
pared with anthracite coal as now used in the Uni-
ted States Navy.
By Mr. WElKER: The petition of H. E. "Wood,
and 155 others, wool-growers of La Fayette, Medina
county, Ohio, asking protection on wool.
Also, the petition of J. Barnard, and 146 others,
wool-growers of Chatham, Medina county, Ohio, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. WINDOM: The petition of citizens of Min-
nesota, for redress for damages committed by certain
Sioux or Dakota Indians in said State in the year
1863.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
The following notice for leave to introduce bills
were given under the rule:
By Mr. JULIAN: A bill to incorporate the Island
Mutual Building Association of the city of Washing-
ton.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: A bill to pro-
vide for continuing in service the acting medical offi-
cers of the Navy, to supply vacancies in the regular
list.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 9, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D., of
Washington, District of Columbia,.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. IIOWE presented the petition of Tj.
H. Kendall and other citizens of Wisconsin,
praying "for the establishment of a mail route
from Wrightstown to Pauquette in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWE. I also desire to present a peti-
tion, and I do so with pleasure, very numer-
ously signed by citizens of Kenosha, in Wis-
consin, asking that the Constitution of the
United States may be amended: first, so that
the President and Vice President may be cho-
sen by the qualified voters of the United States
directly, with-out the intervention of electoral
colleges, and for one term only; second, so
that the qualifications of voters for President
and Vice President and Representatives in
Congress may be established on an impartial,
just, and constitutional basis; imparting and
limiting the privilege of voting for those offi-
cers, to those citizens who can read and who
comply with the other conditions and require-
ments made by the laws of the States - respect-
ively; provided, that no one shall be abridged
or afi'ected in the enjoyment of this franchise by
reason of race, color, descent, or social condi-
tion, and that no one shall be disfranchised
who already enjoys it under existing laws. I
move the reference of this petition to the joint
committee of fifteen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I also present a petition from
citizens of the same place asking that such
conditions may be imposed upon the rebel
States as shall punish treason at least with
ineligibility to office and loss of power, and
reward loyalty with confidence and honor ; and
which shall demand, as an evidence of sincere
loyalty and good 'faith on the part of those
States, the abolition of all distinctions in their
constitutions and laws, on account of color or
race ; and that these provisions may he secured
by such amendments to the Constitution as are
necessary to that end. 1 move that this peti-
tion be referred to the committee of fifteen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Thaddeus Hyatt, praying for an extension of
his patent for improvements in vault covers:
which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
Ezra Dodge and several hundred other citizens
of the towns of Danvers, South Danvers, and
Topsfield, in Essex county, Massachusetts, ask-
ing the Government in reconstructing the rebel-
lious States to punish treason at least with
ineligibility to office and loss of power, and to
reward loyalty' to the Government. I move
its reference to the committee on reconstruc-
tion.
It was so referred.
.Mr, HARRIS presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Clinton county, New York, remon-
strating against the renewal of the so-called
reciprocity treaty: which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
officers of the United States Army, praying for
increased pay ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Avail's and the Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial
of Colonel Julius W. Adams, of the city of New
York, engineer, setting forth certain facts rela-
tive to the burning of petroleum as fuel under
marine and other boilers, and asking for an
appropriation of $5,000, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Navy,
at the Brooklyn navy-vard, for the purpose of
ascertaining the calorific power and economic
value of petroleum as fuel for steam purposes
as compared with anthracite coal as now used
