TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Iron which compels him to exchange his bale
of cotton for one ton of iron is prejudicial to
Mi interest, and is special legislation in favor of
a^partieular class. So with the man who raises
"wheat or corn sufficient to buy two blankets;
any legislation which compels him to pay the
same to/ one blanket is injurious to him, par-
tial. in "its character, and ought not to be toler-
ated. The petition further goes on to show that
by the imposition of high duties the revenues
ofthe country are lessened rather than increased
when a discrimination is made. It proceeds to
controvert the positions which are taken in fa-
vor of a protective tariff, among which is the
position that it is to protect the laborers of this
couatry against the pauper labor of Europe.
The petitioners say that, so far from this being
the "ease, these very manufacturers who are fa-
vored" "by this legislation are constantly intro-
ducing this foreign labor into their establish-
ments to compete with the labor of this country.
The petition concludes with a prayer to Con-
gress that in its legislation no discrimination
may be made; that no duties may be laid for
the purpose of'protection, and suggests that a
revenue tariff will afford all the protection that
will he necessary; and so it would seem to me
at this time. We are now desiring to raise the
largest revenue that we can; there are great
calls upon the Government for money; we have
accumulated a vast debt; and it -would seem to
me that in the adjustment of any tariff the pro-
tection ineidently afforded by collecting the du-
ties necessary to defray the expenses of the
Government would be all the protection, that
any branch of industry ought at this time to
require. I commend this petition to' the es-
pecial attention of the Committee on Finance,
to which I move its reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ref-
erence will be ordered.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. ^TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and other papers of A.
T. Spencer and G. S. Hubbard, of Chicago, Illinois,
praying compensation for carrying the mails on their
line of steamers between Chicago and the ports on
Lake Superior, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Sommitteo on Post Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the petition andotherpapersofGeorgo
W. Ilail and others, owners of the bark "A. 1." of
Providence, lib ode Island, praying indemnification
for alleged losses occasioned by the seizure of that
vessel, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved by the ,S«iaf^(thc House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That thejointeomraittecappointed
to inquire into the condition of the States which
formed the so-called confederate States be authorized
to send for persons and papers.
cotton agents in the soutii.
Mr. NORTON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance bo, and
are hereby, (lit ccted to inquire as to, and consider the
propriety and expediency of, raising a select commit-
tee to examine into and investigate the transactions
in cotton of the supervising special agents of the
Treasury.
reports op committees.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 36) making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending the 80th of June,
1807, reported it with amendment.
Mr. ©HANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
60) to facilitate commercial, postal, and mili-
tary communication among the several States,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the memorial of marine in-
surance companies of New York city, praying
for an appropriation for restoring the lights at
Cape Florida, Jupiter Inlet, and Cape Canav-
eral, on the coast of Florida, have directed me
to report it back, and ask to be discharged from
its further consideration. It seems from a com-
municationreceivedfrom the Light-House Board
that all of these works are in process of recon-
struction, and that the lights will bo lighted
within a very few days. I move that the com-
munication from the Light-House Board be pub-
lished with the report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a resolution
of the Senate directing the committee to inquire
into the expediency of repealing the first sec-
tion of "An act supplementary to several acts
relating to pensions," approved March 3, 1856,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to in-
quire into the expediency of providing for the
appointment of pension agents by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, reported a bill (S. No. 69) to provide for
the payment of pensions; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 58) granting a pen-
sion to Mary C. Hamilton, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 22) supplementary
to the several acts relating to pensions, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Alpheus Fobes,
United States pension agentinNewYork, pray-
ing for the passage of a law to refund cer-
tain moneys stolen from him, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Oregon,
praying that a pension may be granted to Henry
Noland, who served in Captain Crawford's com-
pany of Kentucky militia from August 25 to
November 5, 1813, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 1) to regulate the elective franchise
in the District of Columbia, reported it with an
amendment.
j. c. g. kennedy.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Man-
ufactures, to whom was referred the memorial
of Joseph C. G. Kennedy, late Superintendent
of the Census, have directed me to ask that they
be discharged from its- further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Printing, believing that that committee, having
the general subject of the public printing in
charge, are better judges^ of the matters alleged
in the memorial than the Committee on Manu-
factures.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If I understand the mat-
ter correctly—the Senator from Rhode Island
will correct me if I am wrong—this memorial
relates to a compilation of the census returns
with regard to the manufacturi'fig interests,
which has been published in a particular form
by the Department of the Interior, under the
name of, and as if compiled by, the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. The ques-
tion is as to how that book on manufactures
should have been issued. Mr. Kennedy claims
that he compiled the statistics contained in the
book, that it is his work as the head of the Cen-
sus Bureau, and that it pertains to him as a mat-
ter of right that it should have been so issued.
It seems to me. under these circumstances, that
the subject-matter is one that more particularly
belongs to the Committee on Manufactures.
My impression is that the work should have ap-
peared bearing the name of the person whose
labor was employed in preparing it as a body
of statistics. It is of importance to us to un-
derstand and know who arc the statisticians un-
der whose name such works are issued by the
Government. That is a department of science
of very great importance iu politico-cconom-
ical matters. That Mr. Kennedy is a person
conversant with these things we here know.
Gentlemen who have been much about Wash-
ington know that he has been long familiar with
such subjects; and that his name should be
connected with this work, instead of the name
of Mr. Edmunds, who is not known as a statis-
tician, seems to mo eminently proper ; and
whether that is -proper or not is a question
which belongs appropriately to the Committee
on Manufactures. I-trust they will not be dis-
charged from its consideration, or will at least
give some reason for making that request.
The report of Mr. Spbague was agreed to.
diplomatic correspondence.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to rcconsider the
vote by which a resolution was passed yesterday
ordering the printing of ten thousand extra
copies of certain diplomatic correspondence.
The reason I make the motion is this: the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] objected to
'the passage of.the resolution, and withdrew his
objection on a s'tatement I made, which I find
is not strictly correct, although I think sub-
stantially so. I stated that this correspondence
was supplemental to the documents from the
State Department accompanying the President' a
message, of which the President had ordered
the printing of a certain number; that this would
be bound in the same volume, making in fact a
part of it; and upon that statement the Senator
from Illinois withdrew his objection and the res-
olution was passed. I have been at the State
Department, and I find that I was not entirely
correct in that statement. This is supplemental
to tie correspondence that came in a year ago,
and of which the President authorized and di-
rected ten thousand copies to be printed. It is
the opinion of the State Department that to
every person to whom that-former correspond-
ence went this should also go ; and they think
at the Department that it is important for the
understanding of our foreign affairs and the vin-
dication of our policy that this should be done.
The expense, as I said yesterday, will be about
five hundred dollars. If now, after this state-
ment, any Senator objects to the resolution, I
am willing to have the resolution reconsidered,
though I shall vote in favor of its passage; but
if not, I withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Several Senators. Let it go.
Mr. ANTHON Y. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
inter-state intercourse.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two days ago a message
came from the House of Representatives, re-
questing the return of a bill which had been sent
to the Senate some weeks since, and had been
referred to one of its committees. It occurred
to me that it might embarrass the business of
theSenatetoreturnabillafterit had been read
twice and referred to and considered in a com-
mittee, without any other action ; but I under-
stand since from the Clerk that it is customary
to return bills under such circumstances, and I
desire to withdraw the motion which I entered
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to be returned to the House of Repre-
sentatives. As 1 do not wish to retain the bill
here when the House of Representatives desire
to have control of it, I have no objection to its
being sent back to the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks unanimous consent to
withdraw his motion to reconsider a vote of the
Senate directing bill H. II. No. 11, to facilitate
commercial, postal, and military communica-
tion among the several States, to be returned to
theHouse of Representatives agreeably to their
request. The Chair hears no objection, and the
motion to reconsider is withdrawn. The bill
will be returned to the House of Representatives.
• notice op a bill.
Mr. GRIMES gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to establish the
number and fix the pay of the line and staff offi-
cers in the United States Navy.
bills introduced.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
