2232
THE; CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
April 27,
tor from Iowa will allow the Chair, to sta<te the
question. The bill is in the Senate, and the
question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole. Shall
the question be taken on the amendments sep-
arately?
Mr. GRIMES. I think they had better be
taken separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment
adopted in Committee of the Whole, which
was to strike out the original bill after the en-
acting clause, and insert in lieu of it the fol-
lowing:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
pay, out of any money in theTreasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the several parties the awards made
in their favor by the naval board organized under
the resolution of the Senate adopted March 9, 1885,
thei awards being made under date of December 23,
1865, and reported to the Secretary of the Navy:
Provided, That the payment shall'not, in any ease,
exceed twelve per eeut. upon the contract price,
except in the ease of the Comanche, in which case
the award shall be paid in full.
_ The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the first amendment.
^Mr. KIRKWOOD. After the vote is taken,
■will it be in order to move an amendment to
the bill as amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will fie.
■ _Mr. CLARK. I think the Chair is under a
mistake. The Senator wants to amend the
original bill by striking out, as I understand
him, some of the names in the original bill.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I want to do just this:
I want to get a test vote, if I can, in the Sen-
ate. I intend to move to strike out one of
these appropriations.
Several Senators. Which one?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I take the first one for
machinery.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is no test vote.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, I want to see whether
it is the intention to consider these matters
separately or altogether. I think the evidence
in regard to this one is such that it ought to be
stricken out. Whether I can do that at this
time, or after the amendments arc passed upon,
I do not know.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can very
easily do it by a simple proviso, providing that
no portion of the money shall be paid to the
contractors who built the particular vessel.
In my judgment, that is the only way to reach it.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I am not familiar with
the rules. I will state what I want to have
done. I want to strike out the allowance to
tho Globe Works for the machinery for the
wooden double-ender Iosco, if I can get at that
in some way.
Mr. McDOUGALL". It has been ruled before
that until the amendments of the Committee
of the Whole have been acted upon in the Sen-
ate, it is not in order to move amendments.
So it has been ruled several times. I have seen
it here. Whether the ruling is right or not, I
do not know; but that lias been the ruling.
Mr. CLARK. I think the proposition is a
very clear one. Tho Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] moves a substitute for the whole bill,
and it is in order, certainly, before the substi-
tute is voted upon, to amend the bill which is
propos'ed to be stricken out. The Senator from
loiva [Mr. Kirkwood] proposes to amend the
original bill by striking out one item from the
bill, so that it will leave then, to the choice of
the Senate, either to take the substitute of the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] or tho
amended bill.
Mr. CONNESS. But that will not reach
his object.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Will it be in order for
me now to move to amend the original bill in
the respect which I have indicated?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I under-
stand from the suggestion of Senators accus-
tomed to preside that it is in order to move
to perfect the original bill before the vote is
taken on striking it out and inserting a substi-
tute- So the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
in that state of things, it, in order.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If I can succeed in
amending the original bill 
Mr.-GRIMES. Let me inquire of my col-
league if he, does not think the sentiment of
the Senate has been suffici^itly tested on the
subject, when they refused to commit tho bill
to either of the committees suggested for the
purpose of separating these different claims.
I believe the Senate, by a vote of almost two
to one, decided that it should not be done.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I am not certain of
that; and for the purpose of being assured of
it, I move, if it be in order, to strike out of
the original bill this item on page 3:
To the Globe Works, of South Boston, Massachu-
setts, upon the machinery for the Iosco and Massa-
soit, $59,577 99.
I have before me the report of the board
showing the reasons why this award was made.
It is one of the cases to which the Senator
from New Hampshire called attention. This
is the explanation given in that case:
" The contracts for these vessels were dated by the
Navy Department August 15,1862, in which they were
allowed seven months, or until March 14, 1863, to
complete the machinery and deliver the vessels to
the Government, but the Massasoit was not so com-
pleted and delivered until the 9tb of January, 1864,
nor the Iosco until the 18th of January, 1864, the
principal cause of delay being the difficulty in ob-
taining workmen, as the demand for the services
of men in the Army and Navy was so great, and
also on account of the number of vessels being built
by the Government, making it impossible, with the
scarcity of labor, to fulfill the contracts within the
given timo."
Tho only reason assigned for the delay is
that they could not get hands to do the work,
and we are called upon for that reason to pay
them $29,789 for each vessel. I think that
they ought not to be paid that amount for that
reason, and therefore I move to strike out this
item.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Iowa. It is the evident
symptom of the Senate that they will take the
substitute instead of what will be left of the
bill if this item be stricken out. Then are we
not wasting time in this way?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. This will bo out of the
substitute as well as of the bill, as I under-
stand.
Mr. CLARK. Not at all, because the sub-
stitute refers to the report.
Mi-. KIRKWOOD. Does not the substitute
refer to the bill?
Mr. CLARK. No, the substitute does not
refer to the bill; it refers to the original report
of the board.
_Mr. KIRKWOOD. If the Senate are deter-
mined to pass this measure as it is, be it so. I
am sure this claim to which I have called at-
tention ought not to pass. As, however, my
amendment is supposed to be wasting time
without any object, I withdraw it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the first amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole as a sub-
stitute for the original bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the remaining
amendment, made as in Committee of the
Whole, to add an additional section.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that amend-
ment by inserting the words "such amount of"
before the word "compensation" at tho close
of the amendment, so that the Secretary of
the Navy may pay these claimants if upon in-
vestigation he shall conclude that they are
entitled to such an amount of compensation
as is allowed in the previous section.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That amendment, I
understand, refers the question to the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
The amendment to the amendment-was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That in the oases
or Donald McKay, of Boston, Massachusetts, who
built the Ashuelot and machinery, and Miles Green- I
wood, of.Cincinnati, Ohio, who built tho Tippecanoe
whose contracts havebeen completed to the satisfac-
tion of the Department, and who were prevented
from appearing before the nayal board, they shall
be entitled to the same rate of compensation as is
authorized to be paid to other parties building the
same class of vessels and machinery; and such pay-
ment to be made to them, out of any money in the
Treasury not/otherwise appropriated, under tho su-
pervision of the Secretary of the Navy, provided the
evidence submitted for his examination fully estab-
lishes the right of the said parties to such amount of
compensation.
Mr, CLARK. I believe there is no amend-
ment now pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not.
Mr. CLARK. I move the following amend-
ment as a new section: *
And he it further enacted. That the sums hereby
authorized to bo paid to tho parties herein named
shall be in full for all work done by said parties on
the vessels and machinery for which said sums are
respectively paid, and if accepted by any of said'par-
ties shall be on that condition; and none of said par-
ties shall be entitled to said sums until he shall exe-
cute a receipt in full for said claim.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On the passage of the
bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Foster, Grimes,
Harris, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, McDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Ramsey, Riddle,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Willey,
■Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Conness, Davis, Doolittlo,
Guthrie, Henderson, Howe, Kirkwood, Sherman,
Trumbull, and Wada—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler,
Cowan, Creswell, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Norton, Poland, Pome-
roy, Saulsbury, Wright, and Yates—16.
So the bill was passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day, it be to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE MtOM THE HOTJSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
without amendment the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 56) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to adjust the claim of Beals & Dixon
against the United States.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had insisted on its
amendments to the bill (S. No. 20) to encour-
age_ telegraphic communication between the
United States, and the island of Cuba and
other West India islands, and the Bahamas,
disagreed to by the Senate, and agreed to the
conference asked by the Senate on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Thomas D. Eliot of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. Charles O'Neill of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. Nelson Taylor of New York,
managers of the conference on the part of the
House,
■ ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.:
A bill (S. No. 158) to facilitate tho settlement
of the accounts of the Treasurer of the United
States, and to secure certain moneys to the
people of the United States, or to the persons
to whom they are due, and who are entitled to
receive the same;
A bill (S. No. 255) to remit and refund cer-
tain duties; and
• A i1'0^ resolution (S. R. No. 56) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust tho
claim of Beals & Dixon against the United
States.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutian, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate; and
