THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
the six months that we have been in session.
I want the bill now to be taken up and read,
and then I hope at no distant day to get an op-
portunity to address myself to the Senate upon
the subject of the bill. Having had that hear-
ing, if the Senate conclude that it is too late,
or they cannot act upon the bill, very well;
but I insist upon it that the Senate ought to
allow the bill to come up and be read. We
have time enough to do that. I shall not re-
quire more than two thirds of the Senate to
remain unless they choose to do so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not suppose that
the Senator from Maine would feel authorized
to discuss the merits of the bill upon the mo-
tion to take it up, and I do not now intend to
follow him into that line of debate. For one,
sir, I am not willing to sit here during the hot
months of summer for the high purpose, which
he says is the only object of this bill, to put
out of office one set of officers and to put
another set of men in. That is not a high
purpose of Government.
Mr. MORRILL. I will ask the honorable
Senator whether he thinks that is a fair repre-
sentation of my argument. Have I said any-
thing to authorize the assumption that the high
purpose of this bill was simply to put' out one
set of officers and to put another in? I ex-
pressly said that 110 higher duty would rest 011
this Congress than to correct the abuses of
administration that exist here, and that Hie
way to do it was to remove the officers. That
is what I said.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly, it is to put
one set of tneu out of office that another set of
men may come in. The Senator says that is
the main purpose of this bill, to correct the
miagoverument of this eily and the other cities
by a change of the functionaries. That is his
statement. In other wouls, as lie expresses it,
Congress shall resume its power over the city
of Washington and the other cities of this Dis-
trict; but. how? Is it. proposed that we shall
be executive officers for this city? Is it pro-
posed that Senators shall in their own proper
persons give attention to the affairs of the
government of this city? No, sir; but that
Congress shall appoint a set of men to govern
the people of the District, instead of the men
whom the people of the District have elected ;
in other words, to abandon the popular govern-
ment. of the District, and to assume the gov-
ernment on the part of Congress. Instead of
allowing the people to elect their own officers,
to govern themselves according to laws which
we prescribe, we propose in this bill, as I un-
derstand, to select the officers fortius District.
Ia that a sufficient reason to take up a bill of one
hundred and two pages at this period of the
(session? Who is to blame if this bill has lain
for five months on the tables of Senators?
Not myself. I am not aware of any blame
anywhere; but if any blam e attaches anywhere,
I presume it attaches to the honorable Sena-
tor who has the measure in charge. He will
hardly attribute any fault to me or to other
Senators if he has not called his bill up.
There was another measure before this body
proposing good government for the District.
It came, as I understand, some months since
fromthc House of Representatives, proposing
still further to popularize the government of the
District by throwing into the popular features
of the government the negro vote. What has
become of that? Now wo have got to have
one extreme or the other. The extreme that
comes from the other branch of Congress is
that everybody shall vote in the District, white
and black. The proposition of the Senate com-
mittee is that nobody shall vote; that Con-
gress shall resume its power of government
over the District, and govern the District di-
rectly by the appointment of the officers. Is
that desirable? Is it desirable that the legis-
lative body shall become an administrative or
executive body?
^ Mr. MORRILL. The bill does not propose
Mr. HENDRICKS. I
what the Senator said.
thought it did from
Mr. JOHNSON. The President is to ap-
point the commissioners.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the bill so pro-
vide?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then it is not quite
so objectionable as it would be if the legislative
department undertook to make the appoint-
ment of officers. I understood the appoint-
ments were to be made by the Senate.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, is it in order
to debate the merits of a bill on a motion to
take it up?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I acknowledge the
point of order made by the Senator from Ohio,
and shall not pursue the subject further. My
simple purpose was, in appealing to the con-
science of the Senator from Maine, if possible
to prevail on him not to press on the Senate
at this period of the session, when we want to
get home, the consideration of a measure which
I cannot conceive it is very important that we
should consider at this session. This District
certainly can get along for another session of
Congress without such legislation. I hope the
bill will not be taken up. One hundred and
two pages of legislation, a book to be legis-
lated upon, is not to be disposed of in a day
or so.
Mr. WADE. Let us have the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill indicated by the Senator
from Maine?
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President—-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The,Chair
feels it his duty to state that on a motion to
take up a bill, extended discussion is not in
order, but, any reasons for or against taking it
up are in order.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will deliberate long before they reverse
the tirst. principles of free government—elec-
tions by the people and the right to govern
themselves in States, in Territories, in cities,
and in towns. I understand this to be the first
attempt made anywhere in the United States
to reverse that system. Tn this bill it is pro-
posed to govern this District, by three commis-
sioners. Do you expect that under them you
will have any better government, or any more
satisfactory government than you now have ?
Sir, it is taking the first step for the introduc-
tion of tyranny into the United States by dis-
regarding the will and the suffrages of the
people. 1 hope wo shall never consider this
bill.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill bo postponed until the
tirst Monday of December next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
not yet under consideration. The question be-
fore the Senate is 011 taking it up for consider-
ation.
Mr. WILSON. I thought it was before us.
I will simply say, then, that I hope it will be
postponed. It is too important a measure to
be taken up at this session. Besides all that,
I agree very much with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and am ill favor of taking up and pass-
ing the other bill that shall put the government
of the District into the hands of the whole
people.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to take up this bill for consid-
eration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Now I make the motion
that the bill be postponed until the first Mon-
day of December next. I do not believe that
a bill of this size can properly be considered
at this session; but besides that I am very anx-
ious to take up the other measure that shall
invite all the people here to participate in the
government of the District.
Mr. MO^RRILL. I do not propose to have
this bill disposed of in that way exactly. If
the Senator has had the bill under considera-
tion and is opposed to it, very well. If he
knows what is in this bill 
Mr. WILSON. I do not.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I think it is a very
poor compliment to -the judgment of the com-
mittee who reported it for the Senator to rise
here and dispatch the bill in that summary
way. If the Senator desires it to go to the
Committee on Military Affairs, I have no ob-
jection. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Oh. no; not at all.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not propose, after
having given five or six months to the consid-
eration of the bill, to have it disposed of so
summarily, if I can help it. If the Senator
wants to assign another day for its considera-
tion during this session, very well. I said when
I moved to take the bill up that I only wanted
to have it read to-day. I am afraid there is
not a Senator here who has read it. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky says that
this bill ought not to be considered because it
subverts a fundamental principle of this Gov-
ernment. If the honorable Senator had read
the bill probably he would not have made that
remark.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Names do not change,
things.
Mr. MORRILL. The hill is to resume the
functions which the Government began with.
That honorable Senator ought to know that
this District was put under the government of
three commissioners when it was created. That
was the bill with which it began, and it con-
tinued so substantially down to 1812. I propose
to resume those functions. That is exactly
what this bill does.
Now, about this principle of government, as
applicable to the District of Columbia, the Dis-
trict of Columbia never was designed to be a
government. It is a seat for the Government
of the United States; and that is all it ever was
designed to be. It never was intended to estab-
lish either a territorial or a State government in
the District of Columbia. It was. designed as
a seat for the Government of the United States,
and by the Constitution it was placed expressly
and exclusively under the legislative jurisdic-
tion of Congress. This bill proposes that Con-
gress shall legislate directly for this District.
That is all there is of it. As it is to-day, you
have this District governed by four jurisdic-
tions : first, Congress ; second, the levy court,
whose jurisdictions or limits nobody can define;
third, the corporation of Georgetown; and
fourth, the corporation of Washington. This
DistrictCommittee is expected to reconcile the
difficulties between these three corporations,
and legislate to the end that this shall become
the great capital, which it ought to be, of a great
people. The experience of the committee is,
that the thing cannot be done. The idea of
leaving it to three corporations whose interests
and pursuits are all aside from the interests of
the Government is, in the nature of the thing,
not to say absurd, but is inconsistent and in-
compatible with the very interests and duties
which the Constitution devolves on Congress.
If I did not believe that the reasons of the
committee would commend themselves to the
consideration of the Senate, of coursc I would
not ask the Senate to consider this bill; but I
object to nay honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts dispatching so summarily a bill that
has received the consideration that this bill
has, unless lie has formed some judgment upon
it. If he has, very well. I am not aware of
anything before the Senate why this bill should
not^ be read now. If the honorable Senator
desires to get, his dinner at this hour, I will
stay here and hear it read if nobody else does.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Maine
has devoted several months to the considera-
tion of this subject with all that industry that
he bestows on matters of legislation here, which
we all acknowledge. He knows all about the
bill. He made it. It is his. It is a pretty large
affair, however; and I must confess, throughin-
dolence or a multiplicity of engagements, 1 have
not read it. I must confess further than that,
that I dread to enter upon it. I want to take
it home and study it through the dog days and
take it up next December, in the cool weather,
and actupon it then. I certainly mean 110 sort
