1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B193-
of disrespect to the Senator in tbe matter; and
I confess that, not having read the bill, I, like
many others, 1 take it, around rac, am subject |
to criticism. But I propose that not only this I
but ^me other bills shall go over. I think one
or two bills before my committee, if I have my
way about it, will be postponed until the next
session, for 1 think we shall have to put aside
some of the least pressing matters. We can-
not stay here ail summer. I am, however,
willing to gratify the Senator, if he desires to
have this bill read and to address the Senate
upon the subject, so that we shall have the ad-
vnntage of his speech to study with his bill
during the summer, and then put the matter
over, for, [ take it, that Senator does not ex-
pect that we are to stay here during these hot
days and act upon this bill of over one hun-
dred pages. I agree with him that this is not
the best governed city in the world; but, some-
how or other, it continues to get. along. _ As to
anything that is said or done by any of its offi-
cials, I take it it does not affcct that Senator
nor myself, nor any of us here. At any rate, I
think we shall get through the next few months.
Then I am very anxious for the passage of
another measure which I think ought to have
been passed long ago—I mean no reflection on
the Committee on the District, of Columbia—■
and that is, the bill the House passed so
promptly, extending the suffrage in the Dis-
trict. 1 think if we could bring the kindly, hu-
mane, patient, enduring, and charitable quali-
ties of the negroes of Washington into the city
government, to mingle with the people of this
city and in the government of the city, wo
should elevate the government of this city very
much. 1 believe that; and I am very anxious
to pass that measure; bur, 1 am afraid if we
outer upon this bill of one hundred and two
pages, we shall not reach that little measure
that does not make one page. However, 1 will
withdraw my motion, and let the Senator dis-
pose of the matter as he wishes; but certainly
1 think if he inflicts the reading of this bill upon
us he ought not to compel us to sit here and
act upon the bill now.
Air. CONNESS. 1 hope we shall come to a
vote, and I will not prevent it long. I utterly
object to the postponement of this bill until
December next, or involving it with the ques-
tion of negro suffrage in this District. I want
the question of suffrage when it shall come up
to stand on its own merits. I am not so sme
as some other Senators may be, that if suffrage
were extended in the District, the city of Wash-
ington would therefore get a better government.
I am not so certain on that point. But enough
of that when the question shall come up. 1
hope this bill will have consideration, notwith-
standing its length ; and therefore! move, as
an amendment to the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, if it be in order, that the
bill be fix"d as the special order for Wednesday
next, so that we may then get a vote upon it.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Then, if it will suit the
Senator from Maine, I move that this bill be
made the special order for Wednesday next at
one o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. You had better say Mon-
day next.
Mr. CONNESS. No; we have got a special
order for Monday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that this bill will
not be made the special order for Wednesday,
because I presume the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance will be ready by that time
to proceed with the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. If he is, I will withdraw
this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If it is understood that
this bill shall not interfere with the tax bill, I
shall not object to the motion.
Mr. MORRILL. I should not expect it to
interfere with that measure.
The motion was agreed to.
OBSTRUCTIONS OX MARKET SQUARE.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up Sen-
ate resolution No. 101.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to !
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 101) |
directing the removal of certain obstructions
from the public square known as Market
square, in the city of Washington. It directs
the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds to notify the party by whose direc-
tion obstructions, to wit, foundation and walls,
were placed upon the public square near Penn-
sylvania avenue, known as Market square, to
remove the same, and on refusal or neglect to
remove them to cause them to be removed
without unnecessary delay.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. What committee does
this resolution come from ?
Mr. WADE. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Does it require the
removal of the market house?
Mr. WADE. No; only the incumbrances
there. The market is to be removed to another
place. Another site has been found where it
is to bo established.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That is what is called
Center market?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir: I believe they call it
Center market: but this resolution has nothing
to do with the market. It merely directs the
removal of the foundations that they have got
there, which were unauthorized by Congress.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. lam not certain that I
understand the object of this resolution. My
attention was called this morning by some cit-
izens of the District with whom I am acquainted
to the matter, which I understand to be this:
there has been for a good many years in this
city a market house 
Mr. MOU1MLL. If the Senator will allow
me, this resolution has no relation to the mar-
ket. It relates simply to the foundations and
partial walls which were attempted to be con-
structed on that square some two or three years
ago, and which Congress at that time prohibited.
This resolution simply directs the removal of
thocs obstructions.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. T must say what I have
to say about it. I understand, indeed I kuow,
that for a great many yeais there has been at
the corner of Seventh street and Pennsylvania
avenue a market. I understand that an effort
has been made to have the market removed
from that site and placed upon some other
site.
Mr. WADE. This has nothing to do with
that question.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. What foundations are
these ?
Mr. WADE. They are the foundations com-
menced there, I believe, for a market some
time ago without any authority of Congress
whatever. 'They have no right to be there,
and they are a nuisance on the square.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Then I suppose the ques-
tion is this, and it seems to me there must be
something in it: I understand the people of
the city attempted at one time to put up a new,
good,suitablebuildingthereforamarket house,
and that by some act of Congress they were
restrained from doing it; that the foundation
that is now spoken of is the foundation com-
menced for that purpose ; and that the object I
now is to remove that foundation and prevent j
the building of any market house upon the |
present site. In the mean time an effort is '
being made to procure the location of a mar- I
ket house upon another site ; and this resolu-
tion must look in that direction. This is de-.t,
termining that the site now occupied shall not
continue to be occupied for that purpose. If (
it is to have that effect, it seems to me we ought ,
to consider the matter carefully. Ihaveinfor- !
mation that 1 think is correct, that in the laying
out of the plat of this city originally, the ground
now occupied for a market house was indicated
for that purpose specially. In the original lay-
ing out of the city this ground was to be laid
out for that purpose, and it is so marked upon
the original plat. It has been established for
that purpose over forty years to iny personal-
knowledge, and perhaps longer than that.
Property has been purchased all round it with
reference to this condition of affairs. Prop-
erty constructed upon it and nigh to it was
made more valuable because it was supposed
to be the permanent location of tbe city mar-
ket. Men invested large amounts of money
for that reason. Unless this resolution be
intended to affect that question, I cannot see
what it can be intended for at all. I hope the
matter will not be acted on hastily, but that we
may be able to examine it and know what we
are doing. I should be glad to have the reso-
lation laid over until I can have time to exam-
ine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make a motion to that effect?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do.
Mr. WADE. I hope no such motion will be
made, or if made that it will not prevail.. This
whole question that the Senator makes was
foreclosed two years ago by Congress ordering
this work to be stopped with a view to remov-
ing this market to a more convenient site.
There is no open question on that subject, be-
cause Congress itself has already foreclosed it.
This is what I suppose is really the substance"
of it: workmen were engaged there on this
unauthorized work, and a large debt has ac-
crucd. Those workmen ought to be paid ; their
contracts require that they should be paid; but
they are told they cannot get their pay until
Congress come to the conclusion to remove it
and until they should remove it; and under
pretense of its not being removed after Con-
gress has condemned it, after they have said it
shall be removed, they are quibbling with tlieir
workmen and preventing their payment, be-
cause the foundation is yet suffered to remain
there. Their workmen, poor men who have
laid out their labor, have been praying us all
the winter to do something to conclude this
matter so that they can have theirpay. Those
who employed them are quibbling upon the
idea that the foundation is there yet, and al-
though it has been resolved that it shall be
removed, it is not removed; Congress have
not done the last act, and therefore they will
not pay these workmen until it is done. Now,
sir, we want an order by Congress that these
obstructions shall be immediately removed.
When that is done these poor men can get
their pay; but until it is done they cannot.
That is all there is of it.
Air. KIRKWOOD. The Senator from Ohio
may be familiar with this matter, and
may be prtJliPkl to vote upon it. but I, unfortu-
nately, am not. The Senator from Ohio may
know perfectly well all the matter about which
he speaks, but I do not, and before I am called
upon to vote directly upon this resolution I
think I have a right to be informed fully in re-
gard to it. Now, the Senator says that Con-
gress two years ago pronounced upon this
matter. They did so very indirectly, if at all.
1 have their action here before me, and pos-
sibly if the effect of what was then done had
been fully understood it would not have been
done as it was done. I do not think that a
measure of this kind, affecting the material in-
terests of individuals, I do not think that a
question affecting the property of men who
have, by our action for forty or fifty years,
been led to invest their money, and who, in
consequence of our action, have invested their
money, should be shuffled off in this hasty and
inconsiderate way.
Some two years ago, as I understand, the
city, as I before said, undertook to build upon
the site of the old market house here a good
building and commenced the work for that
purpose. Shortly after they had commenced
the work, a resolution, which I have before
me. was passed by Congress. This resolution,
indirectly, was held by the then Secretary of
the Interior to stop that work. It does not
allude to that work directly at all; but it was
passed, perhaps, as this resolution would have
passed here had 1 not called attention to it,
without inquiry, without question ; and it was
