1866.
THE CONGKESSIOjSTAL GLOBE.
m
70) to amend the postal Jaws; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Post Officcs and Post Roads.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 71)
relative to the sale of postage stamps and
stamped envelopes on credit; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
72) for the relief of Ruth. Ellen Grelaud, widow
of John H. Grelaud, deceased; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 73)
to restore to the Secretary of War the supervi-
sory and appellate powers in relation to the acts
and duties of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Slilitary Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 75) to amend the act. entitled "An act to
reorganize the courts in the District of Colum-
bia," &c., and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 14) extending the time for
the completion of the Burlington and Missouri
River railroad ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
unrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives had signed the following enrolled bill
and joint resolution; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. It. No. 58) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint assistant assess-
ors of internal revenue; and
A joint resolution (II. U. No. 28) in relation
to the Industrial Exposition at Paris, France.
pkovisioxal governments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no further business of the morning hour to
be presented, the Chair will now call up the
unfinished business of yesterday, which is the
joint resolution (S. It. No. 11) in relation to the
organization of provisional governments within
the States whose people were lately in rebellion
against the United States, upon which the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, it was my pur-
pose to submit a very few remarks to the Sen-
ate at some time before this resolution passes
from its consideration, in reply to what was said
yesterday by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Jonxsos;] but after the Senate adjourned I
understood from him that ho was to be absent
from the city to-day, and as my colleague [Mr.
Dooijttle] wishes to speak upon the same sub-
ject at a future day, and will not be prepared
to speak before Wednesday next, I have come
to the conclusion, if it meets the views of the
Senate, to ask that the further consideration of
this resolution be postponed until Wednesday
next, that my colleague may then have the op-
portunity to speak, and I will defer speaking
until he shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. JOHNSON". I made the request of the
honorable member because I am obliged to be
absent from the city, and I shall go in an hour
or two from now. and I am very anxious to hear
the reply. I understand the Senator has grat-
ified my request by moving to postpone the sub-
ject until some day next week.
Mr. HOWE_. Yes, sir, I move that it be
postponed until Wednesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
fiveedmek's bureau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to (he consideration of Senate bill No.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 14,
CO, entitled "A bill to enlarge the powers of the
Freedmon's Bureau."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee whether
he intends to press that bill upon the imme-
diate consideration of the Senate, or whether he
merely wishes some formal action on it to-day?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not my intention
to press the bill to a vote to-day against the
wishes of the Senate, or any member 'of the
Senate. I design to call it up and proceed with
it as far as we can. There are some verbal
amendments and other amendments recom-
mended by the Judiciary Committee, and I
thought perhaps we might act upon these and
proceed with it as far as was agreeable to the
Senate; but it is not my intention to press a
voteupon it to-day against thewishes of any Sen-
ator. It will have to be read, and I wish to get
it in a position to be acted upon at an early day
definitely, not, however, to urge to-day a vote
upon it or upon any amendment in it that any
Senator desires to consider further than to-day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ With that understand-
ing I have no sort of objection to taking up the
bill. The bill as reported by the committee has
only been printed this morning, and it is impos-
sible for any Senator to understand very fully its
provisions without an opportunity of examining
it. I think it one of the most important bills
before the body, and therefore it ought not to
be pressed hastily; but so far as the Senator
has indicated that he proposes to consider it
now, of course 1 have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would suggest to the
honorable member from Illinois that he had
better, perhaps, let this bill lie over until Mon-
day. I was not present in the committee when
it was determined to report the bill, and I am
obliged to leave here in the course of an hour,
and I should like very much to be present when
the amendments are considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Maryland that it is substantially the
bill which wo partially considered in committee
when he was present. The committee have
made some amendments of a verbal character,
none I think affecting the principle of the bill
at all; and it was my design to have it called
up and read, in order that the Senate might see
that itwas before it, and not to press a vote upon
any amendment to the bill, or the bill generally:
against the wishes of any Senator to-day. 1
presume the Senator from Maryland will have
no objection to that; it will get it in a position
to attract the attention of the Senate to it, so
that we can act upon it at an early day. If,
when the bill is read, any of the amendments
suggested by the committee are likely to give
rise to debate, or there is objection to them,
(which I do not presume there will be,) I shall
have no objection to its going over.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that I shall
object to any of the amendments which the com-
mittee have reported; but if I understand what
was done in committee in relation to the amend-
ment of the bill, they have not reported an
amendment which I think should be made. If
the honorable Senator does not propose to act
on the bill to-day, but merely tp act on the
amendments which the committee have pro-
posed, I have no objection, ceitainly, that the
bill shall be taken up.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and the bill (S. No. 00) to'eularge the powers
of the Freedmen's Bureau was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the act to establish a Bureau
for the relief of Freedmen and Refugees, ap-
proved March 3, 1865, shall continue until oth-
erwise provided for by law, and shall extend to
refugees and freedmen in all parts of the Lnited
States. The President is to be authorized to di-
vide the section of country containing such refu-
gees and freedmen into districts, each containing
one or more States, not to exeeedtwelve in num-
ber, and by and with the advice and consent of
the'Senate, to appoint an assistant commissioner
for each district, who shall give like bond, re-
ceive the same compensation, and perform the
same duties prescribed by this act and the act to
which it is an amendment. "The bureau^may,'
in the discretion of the President, be plaeedua-
der a Commissioner and assistant commission-
ers, to be detailed from tho Army, in which
event each officer so assigned to duty is to serve
without increase of pay or allowances. ^ '
The Commissioner, with the approval of tie
President, is to divide each district jnt'o a num-
ber of sub-districts, not to exceed the number
of counties or parishes in each State, and to
assign to each sub-district at least oiie agent,
either a citizen, officer of the Army, or enhstett
man, who, if an officer, is to serve without
additional compensation or allowance, and if
a citizen or enlisted man, is to receive a salaiy
not exceeding $1,500 per annum. Bach assist-
ant commissioner may employ not exceeding
six clerks, one of the third class and five of
the first class, and each agent of a sub-district
may employ two clerks of the first class. Th§
President of the United States, through the
War Department, and the Commissioner, is to
extend military jurisdiction and protection over
all employes, agents, and officers of the bureau,
and the Secretary of War may direct such
issues of provisions, clothing, fuel, and other
supplies; including medical stores and trans-
portation, and afford such aid, medical or other-
wise, as he may deem needful for the imme-
diate and temporary shelter and supply of des-
titute and suffering refugees and freedmen, their
wives and children, under such rules and reg-
ulations as he may direct.
It is also provided that the President may,
for settlement in tho manner prescribed by sec-
tion four of the act to which this is an amend-
ment, reserve from sale or settlement,'under
the homestead orpreemption laws, public lands
in Florida, Mississippi, and Arkansas, not to
exceed throe million acres of good land in all,
the rental named in that section to be deter-
mined in such manner as the Commissioner
shall by regulation prescribe. It proposes to
confirm and make valid the possessory titles
granted in pursuance of Major General Sher-
man's special field order, dated at Savannah,
January 1G, 1805. The Commissioner, under the
direction of the President, is to be empowered
to purchase or rent*such tracts of land in the
several districts as may b<yiecessary to provide
for the indigent refugees and freedmen depen-
dent upon the Government for support; also to
purchase sites and buildings for schools and
asylums, to be held as United States property,
until the refugees or freedmen shall purchase
the same, or they shall be otherwise disposed
of by the Commissioner.
Whenever in any State or district in which
the ordinary course of judicial proceedings has
been interrupted by the rebellion, and wherein,
in consequence of any State or local law, ordi-
nance, police, or other regulation, custom, or
prejudice, any of tho civil rights or immunities
belonging to white persons (including the right
to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties,
and give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease,
sell, hold, and convey real and personal prop-
erty, and to have full and equal benefit of. all j
laws and proceedings for the security of person
and estate) are refused or denied to negroes,
mulattoes, freedmen, refugees, or any other per-
sons, on account of raec, color, or any previous
condition of slavery or involuntary servitude,
except as a punishment for crime whereof the
party shall have been duly convicted, or wherein
they or any of them are subjected to any other
or different punishment, pains, or penalties, for
the commission of any act or offense, than are
prescribed for white persons committing like
acts or offenses, it is to be the duty of the Pres-
ident of the United States, through the Com-
missioner, to extend military protection and
jurisdiction over all eases affecting such per-
sons so discriminated .against.
Any person who, under color of any State or
local law, ordinance, police, or other regulation
or custom, shall, in any State or district in which
the ordinary course of judicial proceedings has
been interrupted by the rebellion, subject, or
cause to be subjected, any negro, mulatto? freed-
man, refugee, or other person, op account or
