1866.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
2m
tlio bills and joint resolution were severally
road twice by their titles and referred to the
Committee on Claims:
A bill (EL R. No. 354) for the relief of
Edward P. McKinney, of Binghamton, ^ New
York, late captain and assistant commissary
of subsistence;
A bill (H. R. No. 386) for the relief of
Francis A. Gibbons;
A bill (H. R. No. 516) for the relief of Mun-
roe Young;
A bill (II. R. No. 517) for the relief of Lis:
ton H. Pearcc;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) for the relief of the
owners of the bark Maria Henry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 519) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide for the payment of
horses and other property destroyed in the
militaiy service of the United States," approved
Jane 2-5, 18G4;
, A bill (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of
Elisha J. House, assessor of internal revenue
for the sceond district of Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 521) for the benefit of
Henry Home;
A bill„(H. R. No. 522) for the relief of
Nathan Noyes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 122) referring
the claim of W. N. Swayne and P. K. Howard
to the Court of Claims.
joint resolutions introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 70) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
Ho also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 77) respecting brevet rank of offi-
cers of the Army; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to tlie Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
-post office appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move.to take up the
Post Office appropriation bill so that it may be
left as the unfinished business of to-day to
come up at one o'clock on Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill is taken
up, I desire to submit an amendment which I
wish to have printed.
* Mr. SHERMAN. Let the bill bo taken up
first.
The motion was agreed to: and the consid-
eration of the bill (II. R. No. 280) making
appropriations for Ihe service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1867, and for other purposes,
was resumed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to withdraw the
amendment which 1 offered to this bill some
days ago, and I now send to the Chair an
amendment to take its place, and I ask that
it be printed.
The amendment was received and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Sbnate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 27, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyktou.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ereedmen.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
fiesolved. That the President of the United. States
bo lequestcd to causa to be communicated to this
House a collation of the provisions in reference to
freedmen, contained in the amended constitutions
of the southern Slates, and in tho laws passed by
thoso States since the overthrow of the rebellion, so
far as informaUmi upon that subject may be m the
possession of tlio llxocutive Government.
committee discharged 3?rom sundry casks.
On motion of Mr. ANCONA, tlie Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from tho
further consideration of the following cases,
which were laid upon the table:
Petitions and memorials, with accompany-
ing papers, of sundry officers and their legal
representatives, for relief from responsibility
on account of funds, vouchers, records, &c.,
captured and lost by them during the late war,
namely: Majors E. L. Moore, C. C. Clark,
D. Coldcn Ruggles, deceased, by his admin-
istrator, General George D. Ruggles, and
John M. Austin, paymasters United States
Army; Lieutenant Henry J. Spooner, Brevet
Major William R. Murphy, Lieutenant Alfred
C. Law, and Lieutenant Augustus H. Plum-
mer, acting commissaries of subsistence.
Also, the following bills and joint resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 395) for the relief of Brevet
Major T. C. Bowles, assistant quartermaster
United States volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 148) for the relief of Cap-
tain Charles Brewster, commissary of subsist-
ence ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. Ill) for the re-
lief of Lieutenant A. H. Pearl, acting commis-
sary of subsistence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The House accordingly proceeded, as the
regular order of business, to call the commit-
tees for reports of a private nature, commen-
cing with the Committee of Claims.
adverse reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, made adverse re-
ports on the petition of Lewis Laddoners, and
the petition of W. P. Ellison and others ; which
were laid on the table.
MtJNItOE YOUNG.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a bill for
the relief of Munroe Young; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read in full. It proposes to
pay $141 70 in gold to the claimant, being the
amount wrongfully collected of him as duties
on articles recovered from the wreck of the
British ship William Corey, at Portland, Maine,
on the 19th of June, 1805.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vole by which tho bill was
passed; and also moved to lay that motion on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
edward i'. jl'lunney.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported House bill
No. 354, for the relief of Edward P. McKin-
ney, of feinghamton, late captain and assistant
commissary of subsistence.
The bill was read. It allows $475, or so
much thereof as the proof shall establish, on
the claimant proving satisfactorily that the
money was properly paid by him prior to the
13th of August, 1864, to men of tho Rhode
Island and United States cavalry, and that his
vouchers were forcibly taken and destroyed
between Harper's Ferry and Winchester, Vir-
ginia, without fault on his part.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay that motion on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
. liston ii. pearce.
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Liston
H. Pearce; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read in full. It authorizes the
payment of $540 in full for the services of the
claimant as chaplain of the one hundred and
thirty-second regiment Illinois volunteers dur-
ing tho recent rebellion.
The report in the case was read. It states
that the claimant was appointed chaplain by
Governor Yates, of Illinois, on the 1st of June,
1864, and his name, through the negligence of
the officers, was never placed on the muster-
roll.
Mr> "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would-
like to know why, if this man has performed #
services during the whole of tho war, his name
was not on the roll. It is very strange that
there should be a chaplain serving during the
war, treated as such, and getting no pay. It
is, perhaps, one of those cases spoken of the
other day. There were many of these patriotic
men who proposed to go into the war, and who
were willing to serve for nothing, and after
serving on those terms they now come back
and ask for pay.
Mr. THORNTON. I will explain it. The
petitioner served only for three months, in-
stead of during the war, and his name was not
put on the muster-roll, as appears clearly from
the testimony, from no fault of his, but of the
officers. All the officers of "the regiment cer-
tified that he performed service as chaplain of
tho regiment, which served only three months.
He supposed his name was on the roll, but in
consequence of the neglect of the officers it
was not. But he performed the service in good
faith.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would ask tlie gentleman,
if this chaplain was ever appointed by the Gov-
ernor of his State or in any other way.
Mr. THORNTON. He was appointed by
Governor Yates, of Illinois, and afterward by
tho late President.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
made entirely clear to my mind why this gen-
tleman's name was not put upon the roll if he
was a regular chaplain.
Mr. THORNTON. The evidence does not
disclose the reason, but the inference is that it
was from neglect on the part of the officers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stood my colleague to say that this claimant was
only in the three months' service.
Mr. THORNTON. That was all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, the
amount is small.
Mr. DEMING. I would ask tho gentleman
if he was ever appointed a field officer by any
competent authority?
Mr. THORNTON, ne was, by Governor •
Yates, of Illinois.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. THORNTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bark maria henry.
Mr. THORNTON also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of the own-
ers of the bark Maria Henry ; which was read
a first and second time. _ *
Tho bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay the sum of §12,000
to George Ilcrn, agent of the owners of the
bark Maria Henry, as full compensation for
the use and detention of the said vessel by the
United States from the 20th of February to the
26th of May, 1805, inclusive.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that this bill be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. THORNTON. I hope that motion will
not prevail. This case has been investigated
very carefully by the Committee of Claims, to
which it was referred. It provides compensa-
tion to the owners of this bark for the use or
detention of the vessel. I think the Committee
of Claims is just as competent to take charge
of an investigation of such a. matter as the
Committee on Commerce.
