1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
ms
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
think this amendment- is in order at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
is not germane to the amendment, and an
amendment to an amendment must be ger-
mane.
Mr. ROSS; It is germane to the bill.
TheSPEAKER. That may possibly be, but
it certainly is not germane to the amendment.
The Chatr will reserve the question whether it
is germane to the bill until he can examine
the bill to see if it provides for the issuing of
bonds. If it does the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois will be germane.
Mr. HOOPKU, of Massachusetts. The bill
does not provide for the issue of any bonds.
TheSPEAKER. Then theaniendmentisnol
germane.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It is
hardly necessary for me to add anything to what
has been said by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. HooPEii] in connection with this
subject. The main feature of the amendment
is to increase the banking circulation $100,-
000,000. The wish of the public is that the
amount of the present circulation of .the na-
tional banks should be reduced rather than
increased, and that greenbacks-should take their
place. I hope the amendment will be voted
down.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out all
that. part, of the amendment which refers to the
retiring of greenbacks. My opinion is that in-
stead of the-pernicious provisions of this bill
Curtailing the circulation ten per cent, it ought
to provide for an increase of circulation. In
my judgment, this whole national banking sys-
tem? was a mistake. 1 thought so at the time
it was adopted, and I think so still. I think
every dollar of paper circulation ought to be
issued by the Government of the United States.
I think that the Government ought to have all
the profit of such circulation, which would be
more than $20,000,000 a year. 1' should have
preferred that the gentleman from New Yoi-k
j_ Mr. Pomkiioy] had proposed there should have
been $20,000,000 in greenback bearing no in-
terest ; but I am content. I know that the pres-
ent circulation is not adequate to the business of
the country. This bill is calculated to destroy
all the interests of the country except those of
a few metropolitan banks which seek to absorb
all the business of the country. With the
exception of the banks of Boston, New York,
and Philadelphia, the amount will do no harm.
If the amendment to the amendment which I
have proposed should be adopted I will then
vote (or the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, otherwise I shall bo compelled to
oppose it.
Mr. ROLLINS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. I desire to suggest
to this House that it is necessary, at least in
some parts of the country, that there should
be provided additional banking facilities. De-
fore making any remarks upon this subject I
ask to have read some resolutions of the State
of New Hampshire, approved July 7, 1806.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Whereas tho banking capital of the State of New
Hampshire, prior to the Into war, was no more than
sufficient to meet the ordinary wants of tho business
oi the Slato; and whereas the advance in prices dur-
i n e the late war has made a much larger amount of
capital nccessary to afford the usual banking facili-
ties to our business community; and whereas the
chatfgo in our f-ystem of ba.nking l-ccently adopted
by Congress hns diminished our former facilities
nearly three-fifths, thereby compelling many sound
and much needed State banks to close up thoir busi-
ness, and many of our business men to go oat of tho
State to find banking facilities which were enjoyed
to a greater extent elsewhere: Therefore,
" ilemlved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive! -m General Court convened. That our Senators be
instructed, and our Representatives in Congress bo
requested, to give thissubjcct their immediate atten-
tion, and urge upon Congress the necessity of granting
to our Stnto a. larger amount of banking capital.
"Jieioh-ed, That the Governor he requested to trans-
mit, immediately, a copy of these resolutions to the
President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of
Representatives of Congress, to the Secretary of the
United States Treasury, to the Comptroller of tho
Currency, and to each of our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress."
Mr. ROLLINS. I desire to say that the na-
tional Government having undertaken to regu-
late this matter of banking throughout the conn-
try, having undertaken to control entirely this
subject, it seems to me it is our duty to give to
the States of the Union sufficient banking facili-
ties to enable the people thereof to do their
business. We have passed a bill which has de-
prived the State of New Hampshire of three
fifths of its -banking facilities, leaving but two
fifths of the same to accommodate the people
in their constantly increasing business, with
prices largely enhanced. In the year 1802 we
had in New Hampshire fifty-two banks, organ-
ized under our State laws, with a capital of
84,928,700, a circulation of $3,249,092, and
deposits to the amount, of $1,207,289 13, thus
enabling the banks to loan to the people of our
State $8,168,977 42. Those were our banking
facilities in 1S62. In 18C4, on the 1st day of
June, we had fifty banks, with a capital of
$1,593,500, a circulation of $4,294,787, and de-
posits to the amount of $1,714,089 39, making
an aggregate of $10,004,876 39, while the loans
were $9,271,391 54.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Stevens to the amendment of Mr. IIotcii-
kiss.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw tho amend-
ment to the amendment if tho gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Rollins] will renew it.
Mr. ROLLINS. I renew the amendment to
tho amendment.. I have stated the condition
of our banks in 1804, and the amount of their
loans, which were $1,832,984 85 less than the
aggregate of their capital, circulation, and de-
posits. On the 1st day of April, 1806, we had
thirty-nine national banks organized under the
national bank law, with a capital of $4,735,000,
and an authorized circulation of $4,171,500,
though at that time but $3,325,591 of that cir-
culation had been issued.
Now, what are the available means of our
State? In 1862 we had a capacity to loan to
the people more than $8,000,000, and in 1864
more than $9,000,000. And now what can the
national banks organized under the bank law
loan to the people of New Hampshire? There
is a banking capital of $4,735,000, all loaned to
the national Government to start with. Tho
largest possible circulation under that capital,
ninety per cent., will be $4,261,500, or an ag-
gregate of capital and circulation of $8,996,500,
To obtain this circulation they must hold Gov-
ernment bonds to the amount of $4,735,000.
To enable part of the banks to become Gov-
ernment depositaries they have deposited $550,-
000 as a bond. They must reserve fifteen per
cent, of their circulation, or $369,225. Ail these
sums added together make $5,924,225, which,
deducted from the $8,990,500, leaves tho
available amount of banking facilities afforded
to the people of New Hampshire $3,072,275,
against $9,271,391 54inl864, and $8,108,977 42
in 1862. I do not here allow anything to the
ability of the banks to accommodate the peo-
ple on account of deposits, because in 1864 the
loans were only about two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars larger than the amount of
their capital stock and circulation, when nearly
all the banks had a surplus of capital stock.
It is quite probable the excess of loans above
the whole amount of capital and circulation
was nearly equaled by this surplus. The na-
tional banks being so recently put in opera-
tion have but a small accumulated surplus.
Thus, it would seem, the ability of the banks
to make loans cannot be much more than the
amount of capital and circulation.
Mr. ALLEY. Will the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Rollins] permit me to ask
him a question?
Mr. ROLLINS. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLEY. I would ask the gentleman to
state what, at the last report, was the amount
of loans of the banks, national and State, in
New Hampshire.
Mr. ROLLINS. I have not the figures at
hand.
Mr. ALLEY. I think the gentleman will
find that their facilities have not been reduced
in the least. I think if he will look at the
amount of loans of the banks of New Hamp-
shire, State and national, he will find it a3
much as before the banking law wexlt into
operation.
Mr. ROLLINS. I think, Mr. Speaker, lie
will find no such thing. The Legislature of'the
State of New Hampshire has passed a'series
of resolutions—and I think it is to be presumed
that th-e Legislature knows something® of the
available amount of capital in the banks of the
State—declaring that three fifths of onr bank-
ing facilities have been taken from us under
the existing law. The banks organized under
State law will be obliged to withdraw their cir-'
culation; and we shall have left to us the na
tional banks, with ability to loan to our bust-'
noss people but a little more than $3,000;060,
if every dollar is made available that is allowed
to us under the law. Whatever the gentleman
from Massachusetts may think, I know it to be
a fact that we have now but two fifths of tho
banking facilities that we formerly had. I be-
lieve that it is the duty of the national Govern-
ment to afford to us privileges equal to those of
which we have been deprived by the legislation
of the Govemmentunder which our State banks
have been taxed out of existence. The uniform
intent and design of the legislation of Congress
in reference to the national banks has been to
destroy tho local institutions of the States, and,
in my view, it is the duty of Congress to give
us banking facilities equal to those of which
we have been deprived. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew tho amendment.
I desire to say that the proposition to reduce
the amount of currency appears to me most
unfortunate.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
correct my colleague. This hill in no manner
proposes to reduce tho circulation to the extent
of a single dollar.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, the country is
not suffering from redundant currency. Why,
sir, we must consider the increased require-
ments of the country in this respect. The
amount of currency which was in circulation
at the breaking out of the war would not be
more than sufficient for the transaction of the
business of the internal revenue department
of our Government. Look at the immense
payments made into and by that department,
and you will find that it alone requires a vol-
ume of currency equal to that in circulation
at the time of the breaking out of the war.
Sir, excessive circulation is not what stim-
ulates prices. As well might you say that when
the warehouses of Chicago and Milwaukee and
New York are stored with flour it is attributa-
ble to an excessive number of plows. Cur-
rency is but the machinery of commerce, of
petty commerce. You find it in the pocket of
the traveler ; you find it in the drawer of the
retail dealer; you find it employed in all the
minor uses of life. But when a cargo of goods
or a warehouse gorged with wheat is paid for
you use no currency; you draw checks or drafts
representing deposits.
Sir, banking upon accumulated deposits is
what gives us undue expansions in business
and those peri ods of speculation whose termina-
tion is a crisis and a crash. Until we shall have
a system of banking under which discounting
upon deposits shall be restricted, wc shall be
liable to all the evils which we are now suf-
fering. Whether the amount of currency be
one half what it is now or thrice what it is now
does not affect this question, but affects merely
the convenience of makingordinary exchanges.
In the interior of Pennsylvania to-day the
great want isan increased amount of currency.
In the mining districts, men with large depos-
its in bank are unable to pay their laborers be-
cause they cannot get the necessary currency.
An increased amount of circulation is needed
that the laborer may receive his weekly or
monthly wages, and be enabled to go to the
store and settle his little accounts.
We need more currency and not contraction.
Look at it. With the system of banking on
