3194;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
held, by the then Secretary to be broad enough
to cover the stoppage of that work. Since that
time, as I am informed—I do net know that
my information is correct—certain other par-
ties have been making arrangements by which
they seek to locate the market at some other
place, thus increasing the value of the prop-
erty adjoining that place largely, and thus de-
creasing the value of the property located
around the existing market largely. Now. I
wish to inquire and ascertain before I vote
upon this resolution, whether this thing be so
or not; and whether there is danger that the
Senate shall be used, in its public action, to
advance the private interests of one set of men
and injure the private interests of another set
of men without knowing what they are doing.
I hope, therefore, that the Senator will allow
me time to look into this matter and examine
it. I will consent to have any day fixed for
its consideration that the Senator may desire.
Mr. WADE. Iam only anxious to dispose
of this question because I think that I know
that the wages of the workmen arc hanging
upon it, and it ought to be settled that they
may get their pay; but if the Senator is not
well informed on the subject, and takes a deep
interest in it, of course I can do no less, so far
as I am concerned, than permit him to take
time to look into it, and I hope he will do it
at a very early period, so as to enable us to
settle the question definitely as soon as it can
be done.
Mr. KI11KWOOD. If the Senator will
name a day for its consideration, I will agree
to it.
Mr. WADE. It is not nceessary to fix a
day for its consideration. As soon as you
are better informed on the subject 1 will call
it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Sir. ANTHONY. I hope we shall have a
short executive session, and [ move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. MORIIILL. 1 hope the Senator will
withdraw thai motion. I want to call up a
small bill that will take no time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 trust the Senator will
call up no more bills to-day. There is no quo-
rum here.
Mr. ANTHONY.^ [ move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDING 0FFICEIW. Does the
Senator from Illinois withdraw MtroOtion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. For that purpose I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 15, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. George C. Baldwin.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ass\u1,t upon a member.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a question of
privilege. I submit the following preamble
and resolution, upon which I demand the pre-
vious question:
Whereas it is alleged in the pulilic press that Hon.
Lovell II. Koussk \u, a member of this House from
the State of Kentucky, did, on the evening of Thurs-
day, the 14th instant, commit an assault upon the
person of Hon. Josiah B. Grinnell, a member of
this House from the State of Iowa, bceause of words
spoken in debate in this House by the latter; and
whereas said assault, if committed, was a breach of
the pnviloires of this House and of the member as-
saulted : Therefore,
Resolved, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed by the Speaker to investigate the subject,
and to report the facts, with such resolution thereto
as in their judgment may bo proper and necessary for
ttio vindication of the privileges of the House and
the protection of its members; and that said com-
mittee have power to send for persons and papers
and to examine witnesses on oath.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] yield for a question?
Mr. SPALDING, I will hear the question,
but I think the less said the better.
Mr. JENCKES. The preamble of this res-
olution says, " whereas it is alleged in the pub-
lic press," &c. Will the gentleman from Ohio
say from what newspaper he has derived his
account of this transaction 1 I would like to
know whether the resolution that he has offered
was prepared upon the report of the transac-
tion which I find in the National Intelligencer
of this morning.
Mr. SPALDING. I will say to the gentle-
man that it was in part from the Intelligencer.
I insist upon my demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the preamble and resolution were
agreed to.
bounty to indian itegiments.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back Senate joint i-eso-
lution No. 87, to provide for the payment of
bounty to certain Indian regiments, with a
recommendation that it pass.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Secretary of War be authorized
and required to cause to be paid to the enlisted
men of the first, second, and third Indian regi-
ments a bounty of $100, under the same regu-
lations and restrictions as now determine the
payment of bounty to other volunteers in the
service of the United States.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wyatt ii. iiamrick.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a joint resolution providing for the settlement
oftheaccountsofWyattH. Hamrick, deceased,
late lieutenant and quartermaster of the thirty-
ninth Ohio volunteers, which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
be directed to settle the accounts of Hamrick
upon equitable terms, and upon the best evi-
dence available.
Mr. BLAINE. Lieutenant Hamrick was
killed at the assault on Fort McAllister, after
having receipted for large amounts of property,
before Sherman made his great march across
the State of Georgia; and the Quartermaster
General recommends that this resolution be
passed in order to facilitate the settlement of
his accounts.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to rcconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that'the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
railroad to sam lakh city.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
^introduced a bill granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Columbia river to Salt Lake City;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
tiber creek, washington city.
Mr. LATHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
to move that that committee be discharged from
the further consideration of a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 145) appropriating $15,000 to aid
in completing the arch of Tiber creek through
the Botanical Garden, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The latter motion was agreed to.
paymasters in tiie navy. *
Mr. DARLING. I move that, by unanimous
consent, Senate bill No. 3G0, entitled "An act
to regulate the appointment of paymasters in
the Navy, and explanatory of an act for the
better organization of the pay department of
the Navy," be taken from the Speaker's table
for consideration at the present time.
There was no objection, and the bill was
read a first and second time.
It provides that the appointments to be made
under the act entitled "An act to provide for
the better organization of the pay department
of the Navy," approved May 3, 18G6, may be
made from the number of acting assistant pay-
masters of the Navy who performed duty as
acting assistant paymasters during the war, and
who at the time of their appointment under
this act shall not be over the age of thirty-two
years.
The second section proposes to authorize the
President of the United States to waive the
examination of such officers in the pay depart-
ment of the Navy as are on duty abroad and
cannot at present be examined as required by
law; provided that such examinations shall be
made as soon as practicable after the return of
said officers to the United States; and no officer
found to be disqualified shall receive the pro-
motion contemplated in the act referred to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. DARLING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public buildings.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post lioads, reported back a
communication from the Postmaster General
in reference to public buildings; and the same
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
abelard gutiirie.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
moved that the Committee on Appropriations
be discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial and claim of Abelard Guthrie,
and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
smithsonian grounds.
Mr. LATHAM, byunanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public BuildingsandGrounds,
reported a joint resolution that the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds be
authorized to employ three additional watch-
men for the Smithsonian grounds; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. LATHAM moved to reconsider thevote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM moved that a communication
on the same subject be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
new york iiaubor.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jiesofaed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing for the removal or destruction of the sunken
wreck obstructing navigation atthe entrance of New
York harbor east of Sandy Hook.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
