■127*1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar>cti .9,
articles exacts exclusion of trade. She derives
a revenue of 850,000,000 of gold from the pur-
chase, manufacture, and sale of tobacco, snuff,
and cigars. She desires free trade for America
such articles as she has to export, but exclusive
for trade for all articles she imports. Suppose
that free trade was permitted, instead of one
buyer of tobacco there would be five thousand,
and as many traders; would not the planter be
receiving far greater prices for the replenishing
of his exhausted soil?
The great object to be attained is to sell our
soil and our labor for the highest price. Now,
flour, com, wheat, hay, and every product of
the soil is as much a part of a shovel as the
wood, iron, and labor that comprise its princi-
Eal parts. If manufactured in England, you
ave no market for your corn, your wheat,
your hay, which is your soil in another ami
different form. The products of the soil are
as much a part of cloth as cotton and oil and
fuel, the wear and tear of machinery, it is as
much a part of a shawlorcassimcreasthe wool,
the wear and tear of machinery, and prices,
insurance, interest, and the great and grand
catalogue of industries that are prospered by
being so employed. We thus may go on in-
definitely. Every shop industry is a new mar-
ket for, the products ol the soil: and the price
for this product increases while the produc-
tion is curtailed by the withdrawal of hands
into the shop, store, and oiliee occupation. Or
if supplies arc drawn from abroad, the cost of
transportation, of interest, of brokeiage, in-
suiauee, and the like, arc added to the price of
the crop introduced, thereby fixing prices for
the crop on the spot. On the other hand,
prices will remain the same, but the farmer
will gain more profit, upon the principle of
small profits upon huge production, which is
the. true theory for the prosecution of every
business interest; if he cultivates more laud by
increasing his energies, drawing from abroad
additional hands, and if he obtain the same
price upon an increased quantity, his profits
are thus increased. The price will increase if
the market i* found at homo for the surplus
that was before! exported, as the cost of trans-
portation, insurance, &c., must, he added lo
the price that he will get, for his crop. This is
the practical working of the introduction into
a farming nation of the, shop, store, and oiliee
industry. We have, in addition to ibis, in-
creased value of the land, railroads, and high-
ways ; but more than thisf; you have places' of
profit anil improvement for the increased mem-
bers ofyour family. The shop, the store, and
tin! oiliee furnish the children, the young men,
and the yomn; women with occupation that the,
bonded warehouse would carry to England and
Prance, lo neither of which places can you
send your sons and your daughters; but.'be-
sides this, you will obtain something of the
profit, that, goes to the shop. If his profits are
out of proportion to the capital and skill em-
ployed. the farm will soon share a portion.
The shop cannot enjoy for along time a larger
percentage ol'profits than wear anil tear, and the
interest of the money. If lie docs so, he will
find other capital introducing itself into the
same occupation.
The men of the "West or middle States must
have learned ere this nottopin their faith on Eng-
land or Franco for a market, and on no one but
the United Slates ; and it should be their best
eiToi I lo uniro with interest the true patriotism
that is within them, to advance and contend
for c\ery home interest that is now struggling
with the capital and monopolized labor of the
Continent.
New England produces nothing in proportion
to the supplies necessary to feed her people.
She draws it all from the West. Every State is
interested, if they will but see it. to sustain
New England interests in this respect, as every
intermediate State gets the transportation and
does the business first for the articles consumed
in the products of the mills of Sew England,
and in distributing the products of the mills to
the rest of the country. The effect of free trade
is to trade with a country or with countries that
] do not contribute one cent's worth of the value
of the product to any State'or to any people.
| She takes the public, State, and national securi-
ties. bonds, and shares of banks and railroads
and our gold in payment, nothing else. She
contributes nothing, and draws from us our life-
blood. We owe the continent of Europe to-day
thirteen hundred millions of money for our
railroads, war, public buildings, and wearing
apparel. The effect of a policy that employs
all our labour in increasing the prices for onr
raw material or farming products to their highest
state of development, furnishing markets for
your products, places and employments, in
shops, stores, and offices for your sons and your
daughters, is the unpopular word protection,
better told as equality in trade.
And this the bonded warehouse system every
day evades, hinders, and, if permitted to con-
tinue, will not only curtail, but will stop al-
together.
If I should here state it, would you believe,
and yet so it is, that there are to be found those
who actually permit the erection of such estab-
lishments, refuse to soil their lands when a
portion only is needed; who are miles from
schools and churches, when the establishments
will bring such to their very doors; when they
cannot give their lands to any one if the pay
for them is that they must be worked; and who
are clothed in rags, who live without light at
night, and retire early in consequence; who
never eat meat, because they have not the where-
with to purchase it; and who, in other words, live
I poorer than the lowest and meanest Indian on
the plain, when they could live without raising
their hands far better than any clerk or em-
ploye in the Departments, or any member of
Congress at the National flotol and at Wil-
lards, not, perhaps, with the same number
of stuffs, but, if fewer far better, and whose
water and air, whose social and political atmos-
phere would bo much superior as is the climate
of the more bracing, vigorous air of New Eng-
land as compared with that of the riceplantations
of South Carolina. Such, sir, upon my repu-
tation as a man, as a Senator, is the fact, and
such has been my own experience, for as you
yourself know, both are inhabitants of two of
our own .great. States. And it is my delib-
erate judgment that the mass of the American
people through the country take the view, if he
who refuses all that 1 have stated these peo-
plo_do refuse, when they refuse their appro-
bation and their cooperation in the establish-
ment of laws for the equalization of the prod-
ucts of their labor with that of the monopolist
of continental Europe. America is not con-
tending with the labor of Europe. Iler labor
is contending with those who monopolize labor.
Labor in Europe is enslaved—the master of
this labor is our antagonist.
The Democratic party, who ever pretended
to sympathize with the people, the common
people, the uneducated people, have been the
greatest supporters of those who enslave the
■people both here and in Europe. My friend,
the honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.Hnx-
muoKK,] and as he must feel, has within this
body uo warmer admirer for his great, talents
and his line social qualities and gentlemanly
instincts than myself, represents this false doc-
trine in his recent speech, and who could not
restuntil he had struck a blow at New England,
l He claims she lias more of representation than
! she is entitled to. population as a basis, and he
cites six of the largest States of the Union to
compare. Let him take six of the western
States, not the largest, and then in his next
speech give us the statement lie makes up. He
will find that New England has not enough of
representation. But, sir, it was not of that 1
desired to speak. It was his blows at the in-
dustrial interests that are peculiar to New Eng-
land that he speaks; interests of which I am
endeavoring to have better understood. He
will see no advantages from anything that has
for its watchword equality. Yet he can see
advantages in the establishment of manufac-
turing interests nearer his own delightful city
of Indianapolis, and he and his people ar'e
ready to coitperate with any enterprising men
from New England in establishing and carry-
ing on mechanical interests. His people and
his Legislature could, through him, be made to
see and feel its value, and would contribute to
its security. Herein he acknowledges the ne-
cessity of establishing the very principle he
refuses, as this interest cannot be established
unless the labor of Indiana is made equal with
the monopolized labor in Europe.
But because the interest is thought to be that
more especially of New England he opposes it.
I will not here assert that in the rest of the
country this peculiar interest is established to
as great an extent as in New England; the
statistics show this. He and those who think
with him, as they have heretofore, supported
those who monopolized the labor of the blacks
in this country and who have kept whites out
of the pale of civilization and from all avenues
of employment; who contended f( -thirty years,
and fought as no people ever before fought for
four years, for the maintenance of slavery. He,
I say, with those he represents, following in
that well-trod and beaten truck, prefers to sup-
port those in foreign countries who monopolize
and enslave the laborers there than to see any
advantages coming from the free labor of New
England, bringing with it its institutions of
learning, its proud charities, its virtues, its
religion, its enterprise, and its manly defense
of free principles. If he will not appreciate
the virtues of the people in New England heis
ready to testify to their value when devoted
citizens of Indiana, and ho will be as ready as
any one to bid God speed to the efforts that
always animate the men and women of New
England to transport from New England all
of her institutions to the States where their
fortunes are cast. Be consistent, then, and if
you will not see any virtue in the advancing civ-
ilization of these hated commonwealths, ex-
clude the people from your States. Do not give
them countenance. There is no hate so intense
as that of the master toward those once liis
slaves who are free without his consent. There
is no hate so intense as that of the despot to
those that advocate free principles. Hate is
fear. One who fears is a coward, and his down-
fall is sure to follow. Let New England and
her institutions be more and more hated by
tyrants, by monopolies, and their advocates,
say I.
But, sir, let us see how Bright and Cobden
reason for this country. Free trade, as we un-
derstand it, means free trade for England and
for the United States in every department of
human_ industry. We cannot sell a dollar's
worth into Canada of our shop products. Is
this free trade? We cannot go to the West In-
dies, to Mexico, to Central America or South
America, to Australia or to the East Indies.
Englaud and France, having the disadvantages
of a more expensive and a double transporta-
tion, have monopolized all the trade of the world.
How has this been done ? First, by most un-
wise, most pernicious legislation in the past
and want of forethought and statesmanship and
comprehension in the present. But it is through
the very system itself that she has conquered us.
For years she bought all the richness of our
southern soil and left all the uplands an almost
dreary waste, completely exhausted, on account
of the unpaying prices that she paid for our great
staple. ^ For years she monopolized this trade,
and until the introduction of Yankee spindles
she was the sole purchaser and had the crop
at her own price, and northern traders were
unable to sell unless at two and three years'
credit. This was changed only when the Yan-
kee came in as a customer. Cotton advanced
and credits diminished. The hated race eman-
cipated the southern planter from financial de-
pendence upon Europe. And my friends will
agree with me that the most torturing and de-
pressing dependence is that upon money in
another's keeping.
England would have had free trade here, but
the men of New England said no, we will break
in upon that- system, and we will emancipate
you from the anaconda's coil. It was done;
