THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
- race or, color, or any previous condition of sla-
very; or invohihtEfry servitude, except as a pun-
ishment for crime whereof the party shall have
^been duly convicted, or for any other cause, to
the deprivation of any civil right secured to
white persons, or to any other or different pun-
ishment than white persons are subject to for
the commission of like acts or offenses, is to
Be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be-
punished by fine not exceeding $1,000, or im-
prisonment not exceeding one year, or both.
It is to be the duty, of the officers and agents
"of this bureau to take jurisdiction of, and hear
-and determine, all offenses committed against
.this provision; and.also of all cases affecting
negroes, mulattoes, freedmen, refugees, or other
persons who are discriminated against in any
of the particulars mentioned in the act, under
Such rules and regulations as the President
of the United States, through the War Depart-
ment, may prescribe. This jurisdiction is to
cease and determine whenever the discrimina-
tion on account of which it is conferred ceases,
and is in no event to be exercised in any Stale
in which the ordinary course of judicial pro-
ceedings has not been interrupted by the rebel-
lion, nor in any such Slate after it §liall have
' been fully restored in all its constitutional rela-
tions to the United States, and the courts of the
State and of the United States within its limits
are not disturbed or stopped in the peaceable
course of justice.
The first amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was in section one, line five, after
the word "continue" to insert "in force," so
as to read, "thattheact to establish a Bureau for
the relief of Freedmen and Refugees, approved
March 3, 1865, shall continue in i'orce until oth-
erwise provided;" and in line six, after " pro-
vided," to strike out •' for."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a mere verbal
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen of
section one, before the words " compensation"
and. " duties," to strike out the word " same."
The "amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
fifteen, after the word "amendment" to insert
the word "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
four of the bill, which is as follows:
Sec. -1. And be it farther enacted, That the President
may, for the settlement in the manner prescribed by
section fourof the act to which this is an amendment,
reserve from sale or settlement, under the homestead
or preemption laws, public lands in Florida, Missis-
sippi, and Arkansas, not to exceed three million acres
of {rood land in all, provided the rental named in said
section four bo determined in such manner as the
Commissioner shall by regulation prescribe.
And in lieu of that section to insert the fol-
lowing:
_ Sl'.c. 4. And be it further en&cted, That the President
is hereby authorised to reserve from sale or from set-
tlement, under the homestead or preemption laws
and to set apart lor the use of freedmen and loyal re-
fugees, unoccupicd public lands in Florida, Mississip-
pi, and Arkansas, not exceeding in all three million
acres of good land; and the Commissioner, under the
direction of the President, shall eanse the same from
time to time to be allotted and assigned, i n pirecls not
exceeding forty acres each, to the loyal refugees and
freedmen, who shall be protected in the use and en-
joyment thereof for such term of time and at such an-
nual rent as may be agreed on between the Commis-
sioner and such refugees or freedmen. The rental
Shall be based upon a valuation of the land to be
ascertained in such manner a« the Commissioner may
under the direction of the President, bv regulation
prescribe. At the end of such term, or sooner, if the
Commissioner shall assent thereto, the occupants of
any parcels so assigned may purchase the land and
receive a titlo thereto from the United States in foe
?i,i0,lriPayiI<-g tlle.refu1' the value of the land, aseer-
tamed as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
^ The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion six, as follows:
tdZltleJl/m't!?renr-!ed- That the Commis-
to d""ection of the President, is hereby
the several dfJriSfT °r ^ sach tracts of Jand «
provide for thetMai,d'as may be necessary to
nmdent ™ ! th2'rv.°nt refuse<^ and freedmen de-
pendent upon the (xoverament for supoort- also to
purchase sites and buildings for schooled asylum "
to be held as United States property, until the refu-
^ffi ur frte.edm?n stoU Purchase the same or thoy
shall be otherwise disposed of by the CoSissioner
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the Commis-
sioner shall, under the direction of the President, pro-
cure in the name of the United States, by grant or
purchase, such lands within the districts aforesaid as
may bo required for refugees and freedmen depend-
ent on the Government for support; and he shall pro-
vide or cause to be builtsuitable asylums and schools.
But no such purchase shall be made, nor contract for
the same entered into, nor other expense incurred,
until alter appropriations shall have been provided
by Congress for the general purposes of this act, out
of which payments for said lands shall be made. And
the Commissioner shall cause such lands, from time
to time, to be valued, allotted, assigned, and sold in
manner and form provided in the preceding section:
Provided always, That the said lands shall not be
sold for less than the cost thereoi to the United States.
Mr. CLARK. There should be an amend-
ment to that amendment which was agreed upon
by the committee but by inadvertence is not
reported correctly. A portion of that proviso
should be stricken off, and instead of the words
"provided always that the said lands shall not
be sold for," the words " at a price not" should
be inserted, so as to read, "and sold in man-
ner and form provided in the preceding section
at a price not less than the cost thereof."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see that a verbal amend-
ment is necessary in the sixth line. It now
reads, " and he shall provide or cause to be
built suitable asylums and schools." It ought
to be '' shall provide or cause to be erected
suitable buildings for asylums and schools."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
t°.pi
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The Chair
! is advised that those are all the amendments
| that are reported from the committee. The
j bill is now before the Senate as in Committee
! of the Whole and is still open for amendment.
| Mr. HENDRICKS. The amendments that
I have been agreed to do not materially change
' the force and effect of this bill, and therefore
there was no question that could very well arise
upon any of the proposed amendments. I
thought the amendments were better than the
original text; but now we have come to the con-
sideration of the bill itself, and I move the post-
ponement of its consideration until Monday
next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object to that
motion, as [ gave notice when the bill was called
up that I did not design to press it to a vote
against the wishes of any member of the Sen-
ate to-day ; but when we do proceed to the
consideration of the bill when it shall come up
agaiu, f trust that Senators will have examined
it and that we may be prepared to go on with its
consideration. I do not mean by that to force
a vote upon it on the day that it is called up, but
that we shall then consider it and come to a
vote as early as shall meet the views of the
Senate.
Mr. G0TUK1E. I desire to suggest that
the bill as amended ought to be printed.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will inform the Senator
j that it is printed as amended. The amendments
| which we have just adopted are those reeom-
j mended by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and they are all in print on the Senator's table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will inquire whether the
amendments are printed with the bill and in-
corporated in it.
Mi\ TRUMBULL. They arc printed with
the bill and in the bill. The usual mode of
printing a bill where amendments are reported
by a committee is to print the amendments in
italics with the bill. The original text of the,
bill is printed and then the proposed amend-
ments are inserted in italics. !
Mr. JOHNSON". Is that done in this ease? !
^r- TRUMBULL. That is done in this case. '
We have just passed upon the amendments and
they have been adopted by the Senate. I pre-
sume there is no objection on the pari of any
one to the amendments. They were made to
perfect the bill, and 1 believe they were thought
to be more acceptable to all the members of the
committee. There was no disagreement on
that subject. Those amendments have now <
been concurred in, and I have no objection toll
the bill being postponed until Monday, as moved
by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary that as
this is a very important bill, it should be printed
as amended, as suggested by the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have repeated once or
twice that it is.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I understand that. I
can detect what is in italics and what is in brack-
ets. It is now printed with the amendments,
but it is not printed as amended; and when it
comes np for discussion I think it had better be
in that form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of objec-
tion to its being printed as amended, but f think
if the Senator from California had looked at
the printed bill, lie woujd have seen that it is
wholly unnecessary to do that. The amend-
ments are all of an immaterial character, mostly
verbal, and where one section is substituted for
another there is no change in the principle at
all; it is only expressed in a better form. But
I have no objection to printing it over again if
any Senator desires it. I see no sort of occa-
sion for it. however.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I think myself that this
is a very important measure, and it will not be
a very great expense to print it as amended. I
think it should be done with a bill of this kind.
It will be more convenient in that shape.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rather think the honor-
able member is mistaken in the object which he
has in view. If it is printed as amended, with-
out any designation of what the original bill
was, and how far it. had been altered, we shall
have to turn to the original bill to see what it
was, and how the amendments affect it. The
bill as printed gives the original bill and the
amendments, and we can compare them at once.
_ Mr. MeDOUGALL. We have now got the
bill with the amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all we want.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Now 1 suggest that we
have the bill printed as amended. It is cus-
tomary in matters of this kind, and is not a
novel procedure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make another sug-
gestion, and the Senator from California will
see that, practically, it would be a useless work
to print the bill as amended. The amendments
of the committee have now been acted upon in
Committee of the Whole; they are not yet
adopted in the Senate; and they will have' to
be acted upon again in the Senate, when the
bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. That is so. I with-
draw the observations that 1 made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
j tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana, ["Mr. Hendricks,] to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION 01? COLORADO.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following message from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit, herewith, a communication ad-
dressed to me by Messrs. John Evans and J. B.
Chaffee, as "United States Senators-elect from
the State of Colorado," together with the ac-
companying documents.
Under authority of the act of Congress ap-
proved the "21st day of March, 1804, the people
of Colorado, through a convention, formed a
constitution making provision for a Stale gov-
ernment, which, when submitted to the quali-
fied voters of the Territory, was rejected. In
the summer of 18G5 a second convention was
called bv the executive committees of the sev-
eral political parties in the Territory, which as-
sembled at Denver on the 8th of August, 1868.
On the 12th of that month this convention
adopted a State constitution, which was sub-
mitted to the people on the 5th of September,
18Go, and ratified by a majority of one hundred
and fifty-five of the qualified voters. The pro-
ceedings in the second instance for the forma-
