1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4155
defendant, amounts to nothing more than the
right to furnish a fleece to bo shorn without
having a share'in the fleece. I submit that
we ought to do one of two things. If we are
prepared to repeal the usury laws as to this
particular class of corporations, and allow tliem
to demand just what they please, then so be it.
But do not enact a usury statute, and then
provide that the three dollars or the five dol-
lars or in the case of a large sum the ten dol-
lars of usury shall be forfeited, for we know
that that would never pay the cost of a suit,
and thus 110 party would bo enabled to insure
himself against the extortions of these mon-
eyed corporations.
Mr. LYNCH. Does not this bill provide
that a bank shall be wound up if it violates this
particular provision ?
Mr. CONKLING. Undoubtedly this bill
provides that in a variety of cases a bank shall
be wound up by machinery which is here pro-
vided. Butlctmeask the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] if he supposes that a poor man
who has been obliged to pay ten dollars for
blood money will ever resort to that proceed-
ing and have a bank wound up. ft is very
much like a right that a black man formerly
had in some of the States to appear in court
in a suit to establish his freedom. Sir, it is
holding out the idea of hope to the ear and
breaking it to the heart. If we are going to
have a usury statute let us have one that the
rich man and the poor man may alike avail
themselves of, and not evade it by saying that
there is a provision by which they may go to the
Comptroller of the Currency, and irom the
Comptroller of the Currency to someone else,
who will send a commissioner to institute pro-
ceedings before some one else to wind up the
bank.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Price.
Mr. PRICE. I will withdraw the amend-
raentif thegentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch]
will renew it.
Mr. LYNCH. I will renew the amendment.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. LYNCII. Certainly.
Mr. PRICE. I wan 1.1,0 say to members here,
in answer to all the line arguments made by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conk-
ling,] that this has been the law ever since
the organization of the national bank system,
and I think that gentlemen will say with me
that then: has not probably been one case
in a hundred where any fault has been found
with the law as it exists. I only ask that the
law shall remain as it has been since the organ-
ization of the national bank system.
Mr. LYNCII. 1 desire to say but a few
words in reply to the gentleman fiom New
York, [Mr. Conklixu.] In addition to the
power given here to wind up a bank by the
Comptroller of the Currency, there is another
safeguard against the charging of usury by the
banks. That is, that the president and direct-
ors of a bank in making out their eertifieates
must, under oath, certify that they do not take
usurious interest.
I wanted to ask the gentleman from New
York, while ho was up, whether in the State
of New York there is a forfeiture of the entire
debt for usury. In but very few of the States
of the Union, in none of the New England
States, I think, is there anything more than
the forfeiture of the interest. And as has been
remarked by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Price,] since the passage of the first national
bank bill to the present time, such has been
the provision upon that subject.
Mr. CONKLlNCr. I will call the attention
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lyxcii]
again to the fact that he is quite mistaken in
supposing that the effect of the amendment
now offered would be to restore the old law.
Very far fr'om it. The old law provides that
whoever suffer.! from the taking of usury may in-
stitute a suit to recover back twice the amount
which lie has suffered. Here is a provision
that the taking of usury shall simply forfeit the
amount of interest. It will be seen that it is a
very different provision.
Sk. LYNCH. I had intended to move to
strike out that section when we shall come to
it, believing that the section in the present law
is very much better than this new provision.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to call attention to
the fact that the effect of this enactment will
be to produce in almost all the States of the
Union two sets of negotiable notes—one liable
to absolute forfeiture if the notes be in any way
tainted with usury, and another liable simply
to the penalty provided by the State laws. In
ourown State, forinstance, weliave tried various
penalties for usury. First we had a law similar to
that now in force in the State of New York,
providing that as a penalty for upury the debt
should be forfeitec), Then the law was modi-
fied so as to provide that three times the whole
amount of interest should be forfeited if there
were any unlawful interest exacted. Now our
law provides that three times the amount of
the unlawful interest shall lie forfeited; and
there is a provision for tile recovery of the
unlawful interest from any party who has taken
it. Such would be the law applicable to all
negotiable paper in Massachusetts cxccpt that
which might pass through these national banks.
Then there is another class of negotiable paper,
that passing through the national banks in Mas-
sachusetts and throughout New England, which
would have attached to it the entire forfeiture
of the debt as the penalty for usury.
Now, sir, I do notdesire to oppose this amend-
ment, but I wish to suggest lo my colleague [Mr.
Hooper] whether it is not practicable to pro-
vide that the penalty of usury in the several
States shall conform to the law of the individual
State, whether the State has deemed it wise,
like tlie State of New York, to retain the old
provision, or whether, like the State of Massa-
chusetts, it deems it sufficient to provide a for-
feiture of three times the amount of unlawful
interest, or whether, like the State of Indiana,
it declares that, the forfeiture of the interest
itself is sufficient. I throw out this suggestion
to my colleague, for it seems to mo to be a great
evil that different classes of negotiable paper,
having on their face nothing to distinguish one
class from another, should have attached to
them by law a very different penalty. Itseems
to me quite worth the while of the gentlemen
having charge of this bill to try whether they
cannot devise a penalty which shall conform to
the law of each of the States respectively; so
that all the negotiable paper in Massachusetts
shall be subject for usury to the penalty pro-
vided by the law of that State, and all the ne-
gotiable paper in the State of New York shall
fur usury be subject to the penalty provided by
the law of that State. I do not know that this
is practicable; but I throw out the suggestion
for what it may be worth.
Mr. BINGHAM. In connection with what
has been said in reference to the penalty for
usury, let me suggest whether it might not be
well enough, while we are upon the subject, to
establish a uniform rule of interest.
Several Members. We cannot do that.
The amendment of Mr. Price, as renewed
by Mr. Lynch, was rejected.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
meet this question squarely. I am somewhat
surprised, sir, that anybody in this age of the
world should make a serious proposition to
sustain the usury laws; and it is made in this
bill in a way which shows that the movers of it
do not really believe in the wisdom of such
enactments. Of all the section, down to lino
one hundred and four, every word is a tribute,
not to the wisdom, but to the folly of such
enactments; and every lino after that is de-
voted to pointing out the mode of evasion.
I believe that now no commercial country in
the world recognizes the value of such enact-
ments. We know that they have been abol-
ished in England. We know they have no
validity in the commercial nations on the con-
tinent of Europe. There is a lingering preju-
dice in their favor in the State of New York,
and some other States of this Union, but every
one knows that there has been practiced in
those States just such ingenious mddes of eva-
sion as that sought to be incorporated in this
bill. Every one knows, also, that a prohibition
of this sort upon banking corporations does not
operate for the benefit of the man who wishes
to borrow money, but it compels the banking
corporation either to evade the law or to force
its customer into the street. Instead of limit-
ing the rate of interest to be paid for the use
of money, it is a premium in favor of those who
have money to lend, whereby they can exact a
larger rate of interest than that allowed by
law. ' I wish, as I said at the outset, to meet
this question fairly and clearly, and to move to
strike out of any banking law anything which
looks to the recognition by Congress of any
system of usury laws.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until
the first Monday of December next.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. This is
a most important question. There can be none
more so than these amendments to the national
bankinglaw. The present lawis fullof defects
which experience has shown to be detrimental to
the public interest. We have made this report
latcin thesession; but it is better late than never.
I will not enter into the discussion of the banking
system. I do not consider the system a sound
one; but I think we should as far as possible
remedy these defects and prevent fraudulent
transactions in connection with these banks.
Mr. DELANO. We cannot mature this
measure at the present session. I am not hos-
tile to the bill; but I believe my motion is for
the interest of the country. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tlie yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusets, and Mr. Delano,were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—•
ayes 54, noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was postponed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred in the resolution providing for the
acceptance of the portrait of President Lincoln.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments to House
bill No. 780, to protect the revenue, and for
other purposes, agreed to the conference asked
by the House of Representatives on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Messrs. Howard and Hender-
son conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. 39, to amend the acts
relating to officers employed in the examina-
tion of imported merchandise in the district of
N ew York, asked for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Messrs. Chandler,
Morgan, and Riddle conferees on the part of
the Senate.
imported merchandise.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, moved
that the House insist on its amendments^ to
Senate bill No. 39, to amend all acts relating
to officers employed in the examination of im-
ported merchandise in the districtofNew York,
and agree to the conference asked for by tho
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
ad-rocrnmtwt of congress.
Mr. DELANO. I move to take from the
