1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2235
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
beals and dixon.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee,
reported back Senate resolution No. 56, author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust
the claim of Beals & Dixon against the Uni-
ted States, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized to cause the accounts of Beals &
Dixon, for deliveries of material after May 1,
1861, under their contracts with the United
States, to be adjusted and paid; allowing to
said Beals & Dixon such additional prices for
material delivered after May 1, 1861, as, in his
opinion, they may be justly entitled to under
the provisions of their supplementary contract,
dated January 1, 1857; provided, that in the
opinion of the Attorney General said Beals &
Dixon have a legal claim upon the United
States for an increase of prices under said con-
tract.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
goldsmith brothers.
Mr. DELANO. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to report back Senate bill No.
192, for the relief of Goldsmith Brothers, of the
cities of San Francisco, California, and Port-
land, Oregon, brokers, and to move that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
I will barely say to the House and to the
friends of this bill, which is to duplicate certain
Treasury notes to the amount of $10,000 alleged
to have been lost, that the committee after a
careful analysis of the evidence came to the
conclusion that in two particulars, itis too weak
to justify them in recommending the passage
of the bill, and for the purpose of enabling the
friends to supply this deficiency I move its
reference as I have indicated.
Mr. HENDERSON. When are wo likely
to reach the bill in the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar? I
want to know so as to have the necessary proof
ready.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would infer
from the remarks of the chairman when the
evidence is supplied he will call the case up.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DELANO. I ask to have entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred, so that I may have the bill under my
control.
The motion was accordingly entered.
elisha j. house.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Elisha J. House.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It provides that the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department shall credit
and allow Elisha J. House $797 47 in the settle-
ment of his accounts.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
WILLIAM M'BRYANT.
On motion of Mr. DELANO, the Committee
of Claims was dischargedfrom the further con-
sideration of the petition of William McBry-
ant, and the same was referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
EMPLOYMENT OF A CLERK.
Mr. DELANO, in response to a resolution
of the House, reported that in the judgment
of the Committee of Claims a clerk is neces-
sary and indispensable for the transaction of
its business; that all the customary hours of
labor during the day, and frequently far into the
night, are devoted by the clerk to the neces-
sary and legitimate business of the committee,
and that no member of the committee has
employed him in attending to private business
during business hours for the reason that his
time is fully employed in his public duties.
The report was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
W. N. SWAYNE AND P. K. HOWARD.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee of Claims,
to whieh was referred the claim of W. N.
Swayne and P. K. Howard, for damages sus-
tained by collision of a United States trans-
port with a tug on the Mississippi river, August
13, 1865, reported back the same with a joint
resolution referring the claim for adjudication
to the Court of Claims.
The joint resolution was read a first, second,
and third time, and passed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIENKY IIORNE.
Mr. MeKEE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the benefit of Henry Home;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read in full. It authorizes the
payment of $400 in gold, or its equivalent in
United States currency, being the amount ad-
vanced by him for the use of Federal prisoners
at Andersonville in 1864 and 1865, under the
supervision of Father Whelan.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. McKEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. McKEE, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports on the following cases ;
which were ordered to lie on the table :
Petitions of William B. L. Thrasher, James
Byers, and Benjamin Roach.
nathan noyes.
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Nathan
Noyes; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read in full. It authorizes the
payment to the claimant $150 in full satisfac-
tion of Treasury warrant No. 3885, dated Janu-
ary 15, 1866, on the surrender of said warrant.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. THOJiNTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
•tames crutchett.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 60, referring the peti-
tion and papers in the case of James Crutchett
to the Court of Claims ; and moved that the
same be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the motion by which the joint
resolution was indefinitely postponed; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. WA-SflBURN, of Indiana, from the
Committee of Claims, made an adverse report
on the claim of N. P. Munroe: which wai
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following cases;
which were ordered to lie on the table:
Petitions of A. H. Markland, R.'M. Sholton,
John Kaye, M. J. Gonzalves, James McLaugh-
lin, and others. *
CHARLES BREWER AND COMPANY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill for
the relief of Charles Brewer & Co.; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Charles Brewer & Co., of Boston,
Massachusetts, the sum of $3,520, in full for
the passage in the Hawaiian bark Kameha-
meha." of sixty-eight destitute seamen belong-
ing to American vessels which were burned
by the Anglo-confederate pirate Shenandoah,
from the island of Ascension to Honolulu.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask that the report bo
read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
no report, except a letter from the Secretary
of State. I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the letter as follows :
Department of State,
Washington, March 14,1866.
SlK: X have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a letter from Messrs. Charles Brewer & Co., of
Boston, inclosing to this Department an account of
tho Hawaiian bark Kamehameha. V, for tho pas-
sago of destitute American seamen fiom the Ascen-
sion islands to Honolulu. These seamen, numbering
sixty-eight, belonging to American vessels which
wero burned by the pirate Shenandoah, were landed
on tho Ascension islands without any provision be-
ing made for their support. They were found in a
destitute condition by the master of tho bark Kame-
hainoha V, and taken to Honolulu. It seems but
just and proper that this claim should be promptly
paid. As, however, there is no fund at the disposal
of tins Department with which to meet it, the claim
• is respectfully referred to Congress, with the recom-
mendation that an appropriation be made sufficient
to cover it.
I am, sir, your obedient servant
WILLIAk II. SEWARD.
Hon. E. B. Washburne, Chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, House of Jiepresentatives.
The SPEAKER. The morninf hour has
expired. Is there any objection to consider-
ing this bill at this time?
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill goes over
until next Friday.
change of reference.
On motion of Mr. NIBLACIC, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee of Appropria-
tions was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of J. H. Sherwin; and
the same was referred to the select committee
of freedmen's affairs.
northern pacific railroad.
The House then proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to the consideration of the
unfinished business of last evening, being Ho use
bill No. 414, to secure the speedy construction
of the Northern Pacific railroad and telegraph
line, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
The pending question was Mr. Wextworth's
motion to refer to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, before anything
else is done, the substitute which I offered
yesterday will be read as I have modified it.
The substitute, as modified, was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I would
inquire if that substitute has been printed.
The SPEAKER. _ The Chair thinks it ha£
not been printed as it now stands. Some parts
of the substitute as now offered have been
printed, but some parts of it are in manuscript.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How is it
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr- Stevens,] by the consent of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wektwoeth,]
who made the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands, moved a substi-
