4156'
TH® COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE.
July 25,
Spcaker'sta'fele the amendment of tlie Senate
to tlie House resolution fixing the day of ad-
journment.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate concurred' in the resolution of
the House with an amendment fixing Saturday,
the 23th of Jtily, instead of Wednesday, the
2£th, as the day for the adjournment of Con-
gress.
Mr. CONKLING-. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to move to strikeout "Saturday, the
28thy' and insert " Friday, the 27th."
Mr- DELANO. The Senate will nob con-
cur, and I caunot yield. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BitOMWBLL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 08, nays 54, not voting
04; as follows:
YJOA'S — Messrs. Alloy, Anrona, T>orkor, Baxter,
Bergen, Bingham, Boycv, Buckhuid, Cooper, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Ecklcy, Esglcton, Eldridpro,
Fim-k, (Im-ficM. (tlossbrcnncr, Aaron Hardin??, Hart,
Hayes, Ilosran, Holmes, Chester D. Ilubbardi James
B. Uubbell.Johnson.Kasson.Korr, Kctcham.Koontz,
Kuykcndail, L.ifhn, Latham, Gconrc V. Lawrcncc,
Lo BiOnd. Leftwieb, McOni]on?h, Miller, Moorhead,
Won 11 l.MorrLsNi black, Nicholson, Patterson, Phelps,
Plants, ltadlord, SanjuclJ. Randall, William II. Ran-
dall, Raymond, John II. Rico, Ritter, Ross, Sawyer,
Siianklin, Sfrouee, Nathaniel 0. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Thornton, Triable, Trowbridffo, Van Aer-«
nam, Buit Van Horn, Ward, Whalcy, Winfield, and
Wright—OS.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Baker, Banks,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Sidnoy
CI irko, Cobb, Conkling, Cullom, Defrees, Driggs,
Kiiot, Farquhnr, Perry, Abner 0. Harding, Iligbv,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hulburd, Ingorsoll, Jenckcs,
JKolloy, William Lawroncc, Loan, Lynch, Marston,
Maynat'd.MeCliu^.MoKuer.M crenr. Moult on, Myers,
Newel!,O'Neill,Ortli,Inline,Priec,Rollins, Schenek,
ftooftold, Shellabnrgcr, Spalding, {Stevens, Stokes,
John L. Thonms, RobertT.Van Jlorn,Wolkcr,Went-
worth, William*, Jaiucs P. Wilson, and Stephen F.
Wilson—54.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Be am an, Blaino, Blow,
Boutwcll, Brandcsee, Bandy, Chanlcr, Reader W.
Clarke, Cook, Culver, Darling,Dawson, Doming, Dcn-
lson, Dodge, Donnelly, Duraont, Farnsworth, Good-
year, Under, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris. Hen-
derson, Hill, A«alicl W. Hubbard, Denial Hubbard,
Jonn H. lluubard, Edwin N. Ilubbcll, Humphrey,
Jones, Julian, JCoIso, Longyear, Marshall, Marvin,
Mrlndoo, McKeo, Noell, IVrham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Alexander JI. iiioe, Rogers, Sitgroaves, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Mihvell, Tabor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Up-
son, Warner, Blihu B. Washburne, llcmy 1). Wash-
burn, William B; Washburn, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—01.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. DELANO. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which the amendment of the
Senate was concurred in; and also move to lay
that motion upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NliOTRAL RELATIONS OF TUB UNITED STATES.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported
a bill effectually to preserve the neutral rela-
tions of the United States, which was ordered
to ho printed with the accompanying report,
with leave to call the same up to-morrow after
the morning hour.
Mr. RAYMO'ND, by unanimous consent,
submitted a minority report on the same ques-
tion ; which was ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills and resolutions signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the Committee
on Enrolled Bills had examined and found
truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
.Joint resolution (S. R. No. 31)manifesting
the sense of Congress toward the officers and
seamen of the vessels, and others, engaged in
the rescue of the officers and soldiers of the
Army, the passengers, and the officers and
crew of the steamship San Francisco, from
perishing with the wreck of that vessel ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) providing
for the examination of the accounts of the
State of Massachusetts for moneys expended
during the war for coast defense ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 11) for the rlSief
of Milton McKinnO'n;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 82) to provide
for codifying th6 laws relating to the customs;
Joint, resolution (S. R. No. 132) authorizing
tlie Secretary of the Treasury to audit and set-
tle the accounts of Caleb T. Pay and William
Y. Patch, late assessor and collector of inter-
nal revenue at San Francisco ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) granting
the right of way .through military reserves to
the Union Pacific Railroad Company and its
branches;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 84) authorizing
the payment of certain claims against the late
Territory of Nevada;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 126) to authorize
the use of certain plates of the United States
exploring expedition by the Navy Department;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 130) for the ben-
efit of the Illinois Soldiers' College and Mil-
itary Academy;
An act (S. No. 307) to extend the time of
letters-patent issued to Tliaddeus Hyatt;
An act (S. No. 300) granting a pension to
John Pyle ;
An act (S. No. 370) granting a pension to
Drusey A. Lyman;
A bill (S. No. 224) grantinglands to the State
of Kansas, to aid in the construction of a south-
ern branch of the Union Pacific railway and
telegraph front Port lliley, Kansas, to Fort
Smith, Arkansas;
An act (S. No. 358) granting a pension to
Mrs. Nancy A. Stocks;
An act (S. No. 398) for the relief of W. B.
Kclley;
An act (S. No. 300) granting a pension to
Abraham Lansing; and
An act (S. No. 2S1) to authorize the Chesa-
peake Bay and Potomac River Tidewater Canal
Company to enter the District of Columbia,
and extend their canal to the Anacostia river
at any point above Benning's bridge.
court of claims.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to extend the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims.
The joint resolution was read. It extends
the provisions of the act of July 4, 1804, en-
titled "An act to limit the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims," to the loyal citizens of the
State of Tennessee.
The joint, resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time ; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. _STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national durt.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report back
Senate bill No. 300, to reduce the rate of inter-
est on the national debt and for funding the
same, with sundry amendments, and with a
recommendation that, it do pass.
Mr. ^WILSON, of Iowa. I object to consid-
ering it in the Ilonse.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itSelf into
theCommittee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of considering it.
4 Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Let the
bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will modify my motion
by moving that the House consider this bill as
h\ Committee of the Whole under the five-
minute rule.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. ANCONA. Is not the rule peremptory
that all these bills must be considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole?
The SP EAKER. All rules can be suspended
during the last ten days of the session.
On the motion, as modified, there were—yeas
30, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD. I adhere to the original
motion to suspend the rules and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
40, noes 33; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nichol-
son and Garfield were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 42.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the yeas
and nays, and tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and
the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Rollins in the chair.)
WINNEBAGO RESERVATION.
The CHAIRMAN stated thatthe first business
in order before the committee was the consid-
eration of bill of the Senate No. 121, to pro-
vide for the enlargement of the Winnebago
reservation, in the Territory of Nebraska, and
for other purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say a few words
in relation to the bill which I propose to take up.
Mr. WINDOM. Oh, no! You cannot do
that. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bills upon the Calen-
dar must be taken up seriatim.
Mr. GARFIRLD. I move, then to lay the
bill aside.
Mr. WINDOM. I trust the committee will
not agree to that motion. This is a bill which
ought to have been passed at least three
months ago. I demand tellers upon the gen-
tleman's motion.
Tellers were not ordered; and Mr. Gar-
field's motion was agreed to.
wyandotte indians.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 432) for the relief of the Wyandotte
tribe of Indians.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the bill be
laid aside.
Mr. ROSS. Oh, no! This is a very impor-
tant bill. I ask unanimous consent to say a
word about it.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The question was put upon Mr. Garfield's
motion; and there were—ayes, 48 noes 29;
no quorum voting.
Mr. WINDOM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Ross and
Garfield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 43.
So Mr. Garfield's motion was agreed to;
and the bill was laid aside.
iowa claims.
The next bill upon the Calendar was bill S.
No. 305, for the relief of the citizens of Iowa
for damages sustained by reason of depreda-
tions and injuries by certain bands of Sioux
Indians.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the bill be
laid aside.
Mr. PRICE. Oh! I object to that. That
bill ought to be passed.
The question was put upon Mr. Garfield's
motion ; and there were—ayes 50, noes 44.
Mr. WINDOM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Windom
and Garfield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 48, noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill
was laid aside.
boundaries of idaho and oregon.
The next bill upon the Calendar was bill of
the Senate No. 251, providing for the survey
of the boundary between the Territory of Idaho
and the State of Oregon.
