mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
Mr. ALLISON subsequently entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was laid upon the table.
SIGNAL CORPS OFFICERS MOBILE BAY.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report upon
the memorial of the officers of the signal corps
engaged at Mobile bay in 18G4 for an amend-
ment of the prize laws of the United States, so
that they may receive a just share of the prize
money awarded by the Government to officers
of the Navy for the capture of the rebel war
steamers Tennessee, Selma,Gaines, &c.; which
was la'ul upon the table and ordered to be
printed.
ItELIEF OF VOLUNTEER- OFFICERS.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of certain officers in the volunteer service who
failed to make proper returns of stores and
other public property; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill provides that any company or regi-
mental officer of volunteers in the late war
who has failed to make returns of ordnance,
ordnance stores, camp or garrison equipage,
or other public property in his charge or pos-
session prior to the first quarter of the year
1863, shall be exonerated from making such
returns upon tiling his affidavit, or making
satisfactory proof, under such regulations as
the Secretary of War may_ establish, that his
failure to do so was occasioned by reason of
his not receiving specific instructions, or being
furnished with proper blanks, or because of the
capture of the property by the enemy, its loss
in transportation, or by some other unavoid- :
able accident or circumstances, or that such '
property was turned over to others for use in
the military service, and disposed of for the
best interests of the Government, and that no
part thereof was in any case applied to his pri-
vate use or gain, directly or indirectly.
The. bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
l'AY FOlt HOUSES LOST IN THIS SERVICE.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report upon
the bill (IT. K. No. 74) to amend an act to pay
odieers and soldiers for horses lost in the ser-
vice ; which was laid upon the table and or-
dered to be printed.
1>AY FOlt PROPERTY DESTROYED.
Mr. SITGREA VES, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, also made an adverse report
upon the bill (II. R. No. litO) to amend an
act to provide for the payment for horses and
other property destroyed in the military service
of the United States, approved March ti, 1849;
which was laid upon the table and ordered to
be printed.
MOUNTED TROOPS OF DAKOTA.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, also made an adverse report
upon a resolution referred to that committee
relating to certain mounted troops of Dakota
who furnished horses to the Government with-
out compensation; which was laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
PAY I'OH USE OF HORSES, ETC.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back House bill
No. 150, to amend the ninth section of the act
entitled '' An act to increase the pay of soldiers
of the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved June 20, 1864.
The bill was read at length. It provides for
reviving, in an amended form, so much of the
act approved duly 2, 1801, which was repealed
bythe ninth section of theactof June 20, 18G4,
as allowed forty cents per day for the use and
risk of horses and horse equipments belonging
to soldiers under certain circumstances.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
BZEKIEL P. MBLEOBD.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, also made an adverse report
upon House bill No. 254, for the benefit of
Ezekiel P. Mulford; which was laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
FONTAINE T. POX, JR.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a.joint resolution for
the relief of Fontaine T. Fox, jr.; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the proper accounting officers^ of the
Treasury to pay to Fontaine T. Fox, jr., late
aide-de-camp to Brigadier General W. T.
Ward, a sum equal to the pay and allowance
of a first lieutenant and aide-de-camp, from
October 18, 18131, to April 3, 1862.
The joint resolution was then ordered to _ be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
HORSES TURNED OVER TO THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back House bill No.
540, in relation to claims for horses turned
over to the Government, with an amendment.
The bill provides that the Quartermaster
General shall cause the claims of officers and
enlisted men for horses turned over to the
Government to be speedily examined, and if
satisfied that the horse or horses for which claim
is made were private property actually owned
and kept in the service by an officer or enlisted
man of the United States Army during the late
war, and were turned over to the Government
in obcdience to the order of a commanding
officer, or were left in tlie service at the time
of the discharge, decease, or authorized absence
of the owner, and appropriated to the use of
the Government, whether the horses for which
payment is claimed were mustered on the com-
pany rolls or not, then to report each case to
the Third Auditor of the Treasury for payment.
The amendment reported from the committee
was to add the following section :
And be it further cnaetcd, That, the valuation of such
horsessha.il bo estimated according to their respective
value when turned over to or appropriated bythe
Government, which shall iu no case exceed the sum
of ,>200 per head.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to understand to
whom payment is to be made under this bill;
and 1 ask that it may be again read.
The bill was again read.
The bill was passed.
Mr. SITGREAVES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOSS OF HOUSES AND EQUIPMENTS.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, submitted an adverse report
upon House bill No. t>59, entitled "A,n act
amendatory of an act relating to the loss of
horses and equipments in the military service
of the United States;" which was laid on the
tabic and ordered to be printed.
JOHN C. MVERUAN.
• Mr. ANCONA, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back House bill No. 474,
entitled "An act for the relief of John C. Mc-
Ferran, of the United States Army," with a
recommendation that it pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be
directed to credit John C. McFerran, of the
United States Army, with the sum of $1,265,
being the amount for which as assistant com-
missary of subsistence he erroneously receipted
to Francis F. Thomas, an assistant commissary,
in excess of the amount actually paid over to
him by Thomas at Santa Fe, in the Territory
of New Mexico, in November, 1850.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly road the third time and passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the,vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES M. STOUT.
Mr. ANCONA, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back House bill No.
6-41, entitled " An act for the relief of Charles
M. Stout, late a second lieutenant in company
E, seventh, regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve
corps."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
proper accounting officers of the War Depart-
ment be authorized and diiected to cause to
be stated the account of Charles M. Stout, late
a second lieutenant of company E, seventh
regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve corps, and
allow him pay and allowances as such officer
from the date of his appointment by general
orders of General MeClcllan, at Harrison's
Landing, Virginia, during the time he served
as such, from August 1, 1862, to January 30,
1863, the time he returned again to the ranks
as a private soldier; and that the amount be
paid to said Stout or his legal representatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PILOTS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I am directed
by the Committee on Naval Affairs to move
that the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of a resolution of the House
directing the committee to consider the expe-
diency of counting pilots as officers in the Navy
and allowing them extra pay and allowances,
and to move that the same belaid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN JOHN FAUNCE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, made an adverse re-
port upon joint resolution II. R. No. 42, for
the relief of Captain John Faunce; which was
laid on the table.
HYDROGRAPHIC OFFICE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I am instructed
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, to report
back, with an amendment, Senate bill No. 74,
to establish a hydrographic office in the Navy
Department.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be a hydrographic office attached to the
Bureau of Navigation, in the Navy Department,
for the improvement of the means for navigat-
ing safely the vessels of the Navy and of the
mercantile marine, by providing, under the
authority of the Secretary of the N avy, accurate
and cheap nautical charts, sailing directions,
navigators, and manuals of instructions, for the
use of all vessels of the United States, and for
the benefit and use of navigators generally;
that the Secretary of the Navy be authorized
to cause to be prepared at the hydrographic
office attached to the Bureau of Navigation, in
the Navy Department, maps, charts, and nau-
tical books relating to and required in naviga-
tion, and to publish and furnish them to navi-
gators at the cost of printing and paper, and
to purchase the plates and copyrights of such
existing maps, charts, navigators, sailing direc-
tions, and instructions as lie may consider
necessary, and when he may deem it expedient
to do so, and under such rules, regulations,
and instructions as he may prescribe; and that
the moneys which may be received from the
sale of all such maps, charts, and nautical
books shall be returned by the Secretary of the
Navy into the Treasury of the United States,
to be used in the further preparation and pub-
