1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
21m
years ago, by express law, the Secretary of War
was directed to appoint a commission in each
of the slaveholding States represented in Con-
gress to award just compensation to the owners
of slaves who volunteered into the Army. After
two years he. responds to the inquiry of this
House, that he had discriminated between those
States, that he has appointed this commission in
the States of Maryland and Delaware, and en-
tirely ignored the equally just claims of Mis-
souri and Kentucky. The reason why he does
this, he says, is simply that the President has
directed him not to appoint a commission in
either of those States, a direction made two
years ago, and I presume not by the present
incumbent. And he says that that direction
has not been revoked. I say that the Secretary
of War is in direct contempt of the law. He
has no discretion in regard to the matter.
He says that the law does not fix the precise
time when the commission shall be appointed,
and that he can take his own time, wholly dis-
regarding the law. Why, sir, the very fact that
the law does not fix a time cuts him off from
all discretion in regard to this matter, and it is
his duty to appoint these commissions forth-
with.
Mr. GARFIELD. I submit that the gentle-
man is not making a personal explanation; it
is all in reference to the action of the Secretary
of War.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman, under the consent granted to make
a personal explanation, has the right to make
his speech for an hour.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman said he only
wished to say a word or two.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may ex-
tend his remarks to an hour if he pleases.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the Chair
whether he decides that when a member rises
to a personal explanation he may speak for an
hour?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so de-
cide. The gentleman from Kentucky received
consent to make a personal explanation in re-
gard to the report of the Secretary of War, and
he is n'ow discussing that very question. To
be sure, he is indulging in strictures upon the
Secretary of War, but the Chair thinks that he
is discussing the question.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. It will be
recollected, for I have not the resolution or the
report before me, that my resolution required
an explicit answer in regard to why he had
failed to appoint these commissions in the
slaveholding Stales at the time the law was
passed; what disposition has been made of the
+'and; and ho answered in substance that the
fund was ample when the law was passed to
reach all of the loyal claimants; an ample fund
to pay off all these claims, I suppose some seven
million dollars.
But the Treasury was a little hard pressed.
There were more greedy claimants, I suppose,
from other States than from Kentucky, or at
least Kentucky had suffered so very little dur-
ing this terrible civil war, or made sacrifices to
so small an extent, that her claims might be
ignored. But he takes the responsibility, when
there was an ample fund, to ignore the claims
of Kentucky and Missouri, and appoint com-
missioners to appropriate the money to the
claimants in Maryland and Delaware. Now, sir,
I say it is in contempt of the authority of this
House and of the law. The direction of the
President was what he thought himself gov-
erned by. What he was bound to obey was the
law of the land, and that directed and pointed
out plainly what his duty was. That law was
passed by Congress, and has been approved by
the President. Now, according to the stand
the Secretary of War takes, after two years have
elapsed, he does not pretend that he has any
intention ever to appoint this commission in
Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to state to. my col-
league [Mr. Hardikg] that I had an interview
with the Secretary of War upon this very sub-
ject last summer and this fall, before Congress
met, and he explicitly expressed it to be his
opinion that that was the law, and that it was
his purpose, together with that of the Presi-
dent,^ some time to appoint this commission.
I put the question to him, if the money con-
templated by that act for the payment of these
negroes was not in the hands of the Govern-
ment for that express purpose, and could not
be diverted. He said that that was his opin-
ion, and that it was the purpose of the Presi-
dent to carry out that law ; but for some
cause or other the present Chief Magistrate
had concluded that the time had not exactly
arrived for the commission to be appointed in
Kentucky. I felt it due, from the interviews I
had with the Secretary of War, to make this
explanation.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky.. Well, sir,.I
suppose the Secretary of War will return his
thanks to the gentleman. But he has an op-
portunity to be heard himself, and it was not
necessary for the gentleman to volunteer in
his defense. He has had ample opportunity.
Something like a year ago a resolution of the
same character was offered and passed, and in
response to that he simply said that he had ap-
pointed none, because the President had di-
rected none to be appointed. I do not under-
stand him to say that the present Executive
has authorized him to suspend that appoint-
ment at all. He does not say anything of that
kind, nor do I believe it is the fact. He had
some vague direction at some time, I suppose,
and upon that he continues to act and intends
to act so Ion" as he is Secretary of War. I
have 110 idea that lie intends to appoint a com-
mission at all. It is a matter that can be got
at in 110 other way. The law requires it to be
done, and until it is done no man can submit
evidence of his claim. The action of the Sec-
retary of War is, in a word, discriminating
against Kentucky and in favor of Maryland
and Delaware; and it is doing it without any
pretext for distinction whatever. It is in pal-
pable violation of law, and in contempt of his
duty.
Now, sir, our claims have been ignored long
enough. It is high time some little measure of
justice should be meted out to Kentucky. No
State in the Union lias made sacrifices to the ex-
tent that she has done. Property to the amount
of millions of dollars has been sacrificed by mili-
tary rule and by constitutional amendment, and
even this poor pittance, which does not exceed
$000 to the owner for the loss of his slave in a
loyal State, is withheld, and the law disregarded
by the Secretary, from some motive which it is
very hard to reconcile with a high and honest
purpose to discharge his duty. I ask that the
Clerk be directed to furnish the answer of the
Secretary of War to the reporters.
Mr. SPALDING. I objcct.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and it
cannot be done. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. H.uimxc] intimates some conflict
between the reporters and the Clerk of the
House, and the Chair will, therefore, state that
when the House orders a document to be printed,
it is sent by the Clerk to the Government Print-
ing Ofliee. That is required to be done by law.
Therefore it is not in his hands to furnish to the
reporters. The reporters may take down any
document that is read in the same way they
take down the debates, if it is deemed essen-
tial to incorporate it in the Globe; or, if a gen-
tleman desires it published, he can have a copy
made himself and furnish it to the Globe, Ihe
reporters are here for the purpose of reporting
the debates. Tliey do not report bills or lengthy
documents read in extenso for the information
of the House. The Chair only states the well-
known usage of the House.
■WITHDRAWAL OF GOODS IN BOND.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee of Ways-
and Means, reported a bill to extend the time
for the withdrawal of goods for consumption
from public store or bonded warehouses, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that from and after its pas-
sage. and until the 1st day of April, 1868, any
goods, wares; or merchandise,in bond in any
public or private bonded warehouse, upon which *
the duties are unpaid, may be withdrawn for
consumption, and the bonds canceled on pay-
ment of the duties and charges prescribed: by ,'
law; and any goods, wares, or merchandise de- -
posited in bond in any public or private bonded
warehouse on and after th^ 1st day of April
aforesaid, and all goods, .wares, or merchandise
remaining in warehouse in bond on saidflst day"
of April, may be withdrawn for consumption
within one year of the dateof original'importa-,, '
tion; and until the expiration of three years -
from said date any goods, wares, and merchan-
dise in bond as aforesaid may be withdrawn for
consumption on payment of the duties assessed
on the original entry and charges, and an addi-
tional duty of ten per cent, of the amount of
such assessed duties and charges.
The bill further provides that neither this nor
any other act shall operate to prevent the ex-
portation of bonded goods, wares, or merchan-
dise from the warehouse within three years from
the date of original importation, n'o.r their trans-.
portation in bond from the port into, which they
were originally imported to any other port or
ports for the purpose of exportation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
tl*e bill will be put upon its passage.
Mr. WASHBCJRN B, of Illinois. I- should,
like to have some explanation. We seem to be "
extending this matter indefinitely.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
call the gentleman's attention to the fact that
we have a clause in this bill which will prevent
any future applications; but I think there is
reason why the present applications should be
granted. The disturbed state of the navigati6n
and shipping business has led to a good many
of these accidental lapses of time; and the bill
contains a provision which will prevent here-
after any such applications being made.
Mr. McRUER. Has this bill been printed?
The SPEAKER. It has not been printed yet.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] if this is not sim-
ply a bill extending the time for the withdrawal
of goods from warehouses.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
the object of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. And it lays an additional
duty of ten per cent, if they are not withdrawn
after this year ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
the.whole bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed. ■
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reeonsiderf he vote by which the bill waspassed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The call of committees for reports of a private
character having been completed,
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports of a public nature.
BERKELEY AND JEFFERSON COUNTIES.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back, with
the recommendation that.it do pass. House'res-
olution No. 17, giving the consent of Congress
to the transfer ot the counties of Berkeley and
Jefferson from the State of \ irgmia to the State
of West Virginia, accompanied by a report.
The joint resolution was recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and, with the ae-
companving report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the joint
resolution was recommitted.
The call of committees having been concluded,
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States
for resolutions.
TAX ON CARRIAGE?.
Mr. ROLLINS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Jteaolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
