THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Ibe1 instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing so much of th e internal revenue law as author-
izes'a tax on carriages valued at less than 8100.
THE MONROE DOCTRINE.
Mr. BRANDEGEE introduced a joint reso-
lution relating to the Monroe doctrine; which'
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved,&e., That in the name of the people of the
United States, and in the language of President. Mon-
roe in his. message of December 2,1823, we hereby de-
clare that we consider any attempt on the part of
European Powers to extend their system to any por-
tion of this hemisphere as dangerous to our peace
and safety.
STATES LATELY IN REBELLION.
Mr. RAYMOND submitted the following
•resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
he requested, if not deemed by him incompatible with
the public interest, to communicate to this House cop-
ies of all messages, proclamations, arid other docu-
ments issued by the provisional governors of any
States that may have been proclaimed at any time to
be in rebellion; of all acts, ordinances, and resolu-
tions that may have been passed by conventions or by
Legislatures held in such States under the authority
or at the call of said provisional governors; of all re-
turns of elections for members of sucli conventions and
Legislatures, together with thequalifieations required
for voters at such elections and for members when
elected; together with such other information con-
cerning the public action of such States tending to
throw light upon their political condition as may be
in his possession.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for ex-
ecutive information, it requires unanimous con-
sent for its consideration to-day.
Mr. BRO OMALL, I make the point of order
that that resolution must go to the committee
.on reconstruction.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no.
Mr. RAYMOND. It is simply a call upon
the President for information.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, as the resolution refers only to
the election of members of conventions and
Legislatures; it does not refer to the election
of members of Congress at all.
Mr. RAYMOND. Do I understand that this
resolution lies over under the rule ?
The SPEAKER. Unless unanimous consent
is given to its consideration on this day.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to this
resolution, except ,to the last clause of it. I
would suggest to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] to omit that portion of it.
Mr. RAYMOND. I inserted that clause sim-
ply because I thought there might be some cor-
respondence or communication between those
governors and the Government here, which it
might be desirable for this House to have com-
municated to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Raymond] to consent to include
in his resolution any proclamations issued by
the President of the United States, whether the
present incumbent of the office or his predeces-
sor, relating to this subject, whether those proc-
lamations were issued directly by the President
or through the Secretary of State.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have no objection to
that, and will modify my resolution accordingly.
The resolution, as modified, was read, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, Thattbc President of the United States
be requested, if not deemed by him incompatible with
the public interest, to communicate to thi«* Housecop-
ies of all messages, proclamations, and other docu-
ments, issued by the provisional governors of any of
the States that may have been proclaimed at any time
to be in rebellion: of all acts, ordinances, resolutions,
and proceedings of conventions or Legislatures held in
such States, under the authority or at the call of said
provisional governors; of all returns of election for
members of sueh conventions and Legislatures, to-
gether with the qualifications required for voters at
such elections, and for members when elected; to-
gether with such other information concerning the
public action of Mich States, tending to throw light
upon their political condition, as may be in his pos-
session; and to communicate further all proclama-
tions issued by the President of the United States, or
his predecessor, relating to this subject, whether is-
sued by him directly or through the Secretary of State,
and all papers accompanying the same.
Mr. RA1MOND. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the. resolution was agreed to.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider.the
vote by which the House agreed to the resolu-
tion ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SANITARY COMMISSION FOR WASHINGTON.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committeefoi theDistrictof Co-
lumbia be instructed to inquire into and report upon
the expediency of giving to a commission, to be ap-
pointed by the President and Senate, so much ot the
powers of the municipal government of the oity of
Washington as relates to the police, the sanitary regu-
lations, the paving, cleaning, and control of the streets,
and other matters affecting the health, safety, com-
fort, and convenience of the members of the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not rise to object to
this resolution, but to suggest a modification to
include the subject of sewerage.
Mr. RAYMOND. I think that subject is
included in thetcrm i;sanitary regulations.''
Mr. COBB. I object to the introduction of
the resolution at this time.
TAX UPON HORSE RACING.
Mr. DARLING submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, andagreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of im-
posing a license tax upon all horse races where an
admission fee is charged, and also a tax of live per
cent, on the gross receipts taken by proprietors at all
such races.
TAX ON RELIGIOUS AND SCHOOL BOOKS.
Mr. WARD submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot repeal-
ing the internal revenue tax on paper, and upon all
Bibles, Testaments, and other religious books and
publications, and upon all school books used in schools,
academies, and colleges.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to leconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns
to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
SANITARY COMMISSION FOR WASHINGTON.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into and report
upon the expediency of givingto a commission, to be
appointed by the President and Senate, so much of
the powers of the municipal government of the city
of Washington, as relates to the police, the sanitary
regulations, the paving, cleaning, and control of the
streets, and othermatters affecting the health, safety,
comfort, and convenience of the members of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASE Of COMPENSATION.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following res-
i olution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to bring in a bill increasing the com-
pensation of members of Congress and Government
employes in this city in proportion to the increased
cost of living m this city over what it was at the time
the same was fixed, and also theincrea^ed cost of liv-
ing in this city over the cost of living in other cities
of the Union.
The question was upon seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the resolution on the table, and upon that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The'question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 147, nays 5, not voting
30; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, An-
derson, Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker. Baxter, Beaman.Benjamin, Bergen,Bidwell,
Bingham. Blaine, BlowJJoutwell, Boyer, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Broomall, Bueldand, Bundy, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom,
 1! -- TN 1 _ Tlivr*v  Tia«_
der, dnnncll. Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Har-
ding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Ilogan,
Holmes, Hooper.Asahel W. Ilubbard. Ch ester D. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Ilubbard, James
R. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, James M.
Humphrey, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelso. Keteham,
Kuykendall, Lailin, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence,Loan.Longyear,Lynch, Marshall,
Marvin, MeClurg, McKee, Me liner, Mercur, IVliller,
Moorhead, Morrill. Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
Niblaek, Noell, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price, Radford,William II. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice,
Bitter, Rogers, Rollins, lloss. Sawyer, Schenclt. Sco-
fielJ, Shanklin, Shellaburger, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Smith, Spalding. Starr, Stevens, Stilhvcll, Strou«e,
Taber, Taylor. Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas,Thornton,Trimble,Trowbridge,Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Ilorn, Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, Welkcr. Williams. James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winficld, and Wood-
bridge—147.
NAYS—Messrs. Johnson, Jones, Le Blond, Nichol-
son, and Samuel J. Randall—5.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Brooks,
Sidney Clarke, Culver, Dawson, Defrecs, Delano,
Dumont. Farnsworth. Farquhar. Griswold, Harris,
Hotchkiss, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Kellcy, Kerr,
Marston, McCullough, Mclndoe, O'Neill, Pomeroy,
R,ousseau, Van Aernam, Voorhees, Warner, William
B. Washburn, Wentworth, Whaley, and Wright—30.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States w-as received, by Mr. Wil-
liam G. Moore, his Private Secretary.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO AS A STATE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith a communication ad-
dressed to me by Messrs. John Evans and J.
B. Chaffee, as "United States Senators-elect
from the State of Colorado,'' together with the
accompanying documents.
Under authority of the act of Congress ap-
proved the 21st day of March, 18(54, the people
of Colorado, through a convention, formed a
constitution making provision for a State gov-
ernment, which, when submitted to the quali-
fied voters of the Territory, was rejected. In
the summer of 1865 a second convention was
called by the executive committees of the sev-
eral political parties in the Territory, which as-
sembled at Denver on the 8th of August, 1865.
On the 12th of that month this convention
adopted a State constitution, which was sub-
mitted to the people on the 5th of September,
1865, and ratified by a majority of one hundred
and fifty-five of the qualified voters. The pro-
ceedings in the second instance for the forma-
tion of a State government having differed in
time and mode from those specified in the act
of March 21, 1804,1 have declined to issue the
proclamation for which provision is made in
the fifth section of the law, and therefore sub-
mit the question for the consideration and fur-
ther action of Congress.
" AN DREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., January 12, 1866.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that this message,
with the accompanying/locuments, he referred
to the Committee on Territories, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The morning hour having expired, the House
resumed, as the next business in order, the corf-
