2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
says that another reason why we ought
.h-Ot to support this bill is that a great lobby has
been here to secure its passage. The gentle-
man knows more about the lobby than I do.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
ger] and his colleague [Mr. Delano] say that
.they have been informed by somebody that the
persons who originally went into this enterprise
sold out and got §150,000 in money for their
charter. I ask the honorable gentlemen how
they happen to have such information unless
.they themselves have come in close contact
with this immense and powerful lobby which
is said to be employed to advocate this measure.
I hurl back in the teeth of those who charge
that there is a lobby here for the purpose of
• advocating this bill, the fact that the most pow-
erful and gigantic interests known to exist
among the railroad interests of the country
are here to advance their own interests and
prevent the passage of this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
let me ask him a question ?
Mr. ROGERS. Not now. Gentlemen talk
about there being a lobby here. My expe-
rience, and I suppose the experience of every
other gentleman here, is that no great enter-
prise has ever been started but that there were
some men behind it to carry it on; and unless
there were enterprising men, like these rail-
road men who are endeavoring to link the At-
lantic and Pacific together, enterprises of this
kind would die out, and we never would have
.that progress and civilization which have al-
ways been developed by the railroad interests
of the country, as has been demonstrated in
Illinois by the Central railroad which was estab-
lished there; and I feel convinced that if we
only plant ourselves upon the principles that
jlie State of Illinois planted itself upon when
it authorized that company to carry out its
functions, we shall advance the prosperity, the
wealth, the enlightenment, and the happiness
of this grand empire of ours so as to make it
equal to the Statu of Illinois, and you will find
that these lands which are not now worth more
than from twelve and a half to twenty-five cents
per acre, will readily sell for ten and fifteen
dollars per acre.
I do not believe that one dollar will be drawn
from the Treasury of the United States which
will not be paid back again. This entire road
is to be within the control of Congress, and the
.moment this corporation, after the road is
equipped and in running order, refuses to com-
ply with one of the conditions of the charter
which Congress has given them, we can file a
bill in the court of chancery to have that char-
ter forfeited, and we can stop the running of
the road.
Now I do not believe it possible that when
capitalists have invested twice what it is pro-
posed the Government shall indorse in the way
of interest, tliey will ever permit to ba forfeited
to the Government of the United States all the
franchises of that corporation, merely to escape
the payment of the forty or fifty million dol-
lars that may come in time in the way of interest
from the Treasury of the United States to help
out this grand enterprise.
Now, I am for advancing the interests of
this whole country. And in this grand enter-
prise I see that which I believe will bind the
commerce of the country together from the
Atlantic to the Pacific occan. And the great
continent of Asia, with its six hundred million
inhabitants, will pour its commerce through
this channel. And not only the great West,
but the great Bast, the city of New York, and all
the commercial cities of the sea-board, as well
as the inland towns, are interested in this meas-
ure far beyond the pitiful sum of $57,000,000,
about which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburnb] talks so much as a depletion of
the Treasury.
Sir, he did not talk about the depletion of the
Treasury of the United States when the Preed-
meirs Bureau bill was up here ; a bill which,
according to the estimate of the President of
the United States, would have cost the country
$50,000,000 a year—-a bill that would have
required a standing army in time of peace.
The gentleman from Illinois did not hesitate
to cast his vote in favor of that bill, that ob-
noxious, wicked, and pernicious measure, on
account of any depletion of the Treasury of
the United States. When the interest of any
case happens to suit his constituents, and
his own feelings and interest and ambition,
especially if a bill happens to have been reported
from the committee which he represents, then
he does not seem to think so much about the
Treasury of the United States; but with all his
power, and with all the zeal and venom which
he has exhibited in this case, he portrays to
this House, in almost wild enthusiasm, the
reasons why he wants the measure carried into
effect.
This is no political question; it is a question
that is in no way connected with politics. It
is a question that recommends itself to the
sound discretion of members of this Congress,
representing the interests of the whole country.
And although my constituents, in the fourth
congressional district of the State of New Jer-
sey, may not be directly interested in this grand
enterprise, yet the country is interested in it; a
country that I expect to see united one day;
whose flag I hope may float over the capitol*
of South Carolina as it floats to-day from the
dome of this Capitol. And I feel myself called
upon, as a man who loves his country, and has
its best interests at heart, to sustain this great
national enterprise which is to make us glori-
ous and powerful. If there ever was a measure
that appeals to the sympathies, magnanimity,
and patriotism of all who love their country,
and has the best interests of his posterity and
of coming generations at heart, it is this; and
we should not seek to destroy it simply because
some millions of dollars may be drawn from
the Treasury of the United States.
I have more confidence in the integrity,
patriotism, ajul love of country of the people
than to believe that they will refuse to return
to the Congress of the United States any man
who shall honestly, and from high and consci-
entious convictions, vote in favor of this mag-
nificent enterprise. They are not so narrow-
minded as that; they are not so puritanical
as that. And when this bill shall be passed,
and the road shall have been completed; when
trains are running on it, carrying our glorious
flag to those mountains, with the grand prin-
ciples of American liberty, we shall have done
that for our country which will equal all that
any other Government has ever done for the
people under it.
Men talk as if the Treasury of the United
States were bankrupt, as if our national finances
were in the most desperately hopeless condi-
tion, as if the country were rained. Why, sir,
this nation can bear a burden of debt much
larger than the amount now resting upon it.
In view of our present national debt of
$4,000,000,000, which the people are so anx-
ious and ready to pay, no man-need undertake
to make me believe that the mere addition of
some $50,000,000 to that debt will deplete or
destroy the ability of the United States to meet
its obligations. No, sir, there is no such weak-
ness on the part of this Government.
There is some disposition on the part of some
gentlemen on this side of the House to doubt
the constitutional power of the Congress of the
United States to enact such legislation as is
proposed in this bill. I ask the attention of
such gentlemen for a few moments to a consid-
eration of the plain provisions of the Constitu-
tion. Sir, I have no more doubt of the con-
stitutional authority of the Congress of the
United States to pass such legislation than I
have of the existence of a Supreme Being.
Sir, the eighth section of the Constitution
enumerates the powers delegated to the Con-
gress of the United States, and among those
powers is one "to establish post offices and
post roads." If Congress has not power to
provide for the construction of a railroad
through the territory of the United States, for
postal and military purposes, I ask gentlemen
to tell me what is the meaning of that clause
of the Constitution. If that language does not
authorize Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad such as is here contemplated, then
that language is utterly without meaning; it is
a mere dead letter.
Now, sir, I am opposed to any interference
by the Congress of the United States with the
eminent domain of a State. I am opposed to
the United States undertaking to run railroads
within the jurisdiction of a State without the
consent of a State. I am opposed to an at-
tempt by the Government to authorise a rail-
road between here and the city of New York
without the consent of the States through which
the road is to pass. I say that such legislation
violates the true intention of the Constitution.
But, sir, this bill provides that the three States
through whose jurisdiction this road is to pass
shall give their consent to its construction be-
fore the road shall be permitted to go through
those States.
The proposition, here, as I understand it, is
for the construction of a railroad from a given
point to a given point, the road to pass over
the territory of the United States, the bill ex-
pressly confining the corporation to the con-
struction of the road within the eminent domain
of the United States. This company will have ■
no right, by virtue of its charter or this bill, to
enter the domain of a State and interfere with
its sovereign powers. This road cannot pass
through any State except with the consent of
the State, and it can only pass through lands
belonging to the United States.
There can be, therefore, in my view, no well-
founded legal or constitutional objection to this
measure. If there are no just objections of this
character, then it is the duty of conscientious
legislators to support this measure, if they rec-
ognize it as one that will tend to advance the
prosperity of the country by completing a work
which cannot be accomplished except with the
aid of the Government of the United States.
Sir, it is a most astonishing fact that when
the act incorporating this company was passed
it received in the Senate the vote of every
member of that body.
The SPEAKER. The twenty minutes al-
lowed to the gentleman from New Jersey have
expired. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] has fifteen minutes remaining.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Driggs.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forket,
its Secretary, _ informed the House that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to Senate bill No. 23, to encour-
age telegraphic communication between the
United States and the island of Cuba and other
West India islands, and the Bahamas, asked a
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Messrs. Chandler, Morrill, and Coy-
ness as the committee on the part of the Senate.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD—AGAIN.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, as no gentle-
man from my State has yet been heard on this
question, I feel impelled to present some re-
marks upon the subject; and I shall be as brief
as possible.
Sir, when this question was first presented
to the attention of Congress, I felt it my duty
as a citizen of the Stale of Michigan, feeling
an interest in everything tliat concerns the
Northwest, to leave my seat here and visit the
city of Boston to ascertain all that I could in
reference to the responsibility of this company
and everything connccted with it. I met in
Boston, under the auspices of the Board of
Trade, the representatives of the Northern
Pacific railroad. As the result of my exami-
nation, I can only say that, according to my
information, the standing of this company
for respectability and responsibility is of the
highest character.
I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that the com-
pany now representing the grant of land by
Congress to aid in the construction of this road
are as respectable as any gentlemen who ever
