4:158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
william p. wingate.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution^ No. 123, in rela-
tion to the settlement of the accounts of Wil-
liam P. Wingate, collector of the port of Ban-
gor, Maine; which was read a first and second
time.
On motion of Mr. MeRUER, the joint res-
olution was temporarily laid aside.
recording wills.
The*next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 289, to provide for the
probate of and for the recording of wills of real
estate situated in the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
bill was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land and building company.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 384, to incorporate the Wash-
ington Land and Building Company of the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. MERCUR. When this bill came to this
House it was taken up and examined by the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
it was agreed thai I should recommend its pas-
sago.
Mr. STEVENS. A\a,-i it the same bill?
Mr. MiSltClJK. Yes, sir.
The bill was read.
Mr. IfASSON'. I thought I observed a pro-
hibition against any other company engaged in
the like business Is there any such'restric-
tion ?
Mr. MERCUR. It declares, ou the contrary,
"that nothing in this act shall be construed to
prevent any other incorporated company, here-
after to be incorporated by Congress for this
purpose, from engaging in and pursuing the
same business, as specified in the seventh sec-
tion of this act."
Mr. CONKLINO. I should like to under-
stand something about this bill before wo pass
it. We have had in the State of New York a
great deal of experience in reference to build-
ing associations and building companies under
various names and with various arrangements
of legislation, and all that experience has led
me to dread special charters for nothing so
much as for the business of building houses
on this plan of fifty-dollar shares, or any other
similar plan.
lint beyond all that, I wish the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would tell us wliv it is in
this District, in defiance of the legislation of
the whole country, now and for years, of gen-
eral acts under which all the business that cap-
ital needs can be carried on, special charters
are granted giving monopolies more or less to
certain named men and their successors. We
have m most of the States abandoned the whole
practice of special charters. We have adopted
general laws; and the more universally they
are. adopted the more entirely are all commu-
nities satisfied that that is the proper way—a
mode which engenders competition, discour-
ages monopoly, and leads to general and
wholesome condition in all respects. I do not
see why that should not be adopted here. I do
not see why this city should be deprived of the
advantages which accrue to other parts of the
country from the mode in which business is
there transacted. I have no doubt the bill is
right so far as any act for this purpose is right.
Mr. MERCUIt. The gentleman from New
York inquires why we have not provided by
general legislation for the incorporation of such
associations. I presume for the same reason
that the Legislatures of many of the middle and
southern States have not made such provisions.
I am aware that the eastern States and New
York have made general laws for incorpora-
tion. The gentleman from New York has had
much more experience in national legislation
than I have, and if he had assumed the duty
of framing a bill at any time during this ses-
sion and had it referred to the committee of
which I am a member, I have no doubt it would
have received a favorable report. But no bill
of that kind has been introduced by any mem-
ber of this Congress. None has been laid be-
fore this committee and they have not felt it
incumbent upon them, in the absence of any
such bill and in the absence of any instruction
from the House, to make so wide a departure
from the legislation of this District. I fully
agree with the gentleman that as a general rule
it is wise and judicious to provide by general
legislation for incorporations. But it has not
been the policy of this District, and it is too
late in the session now to apply the remedy.
This bill, then, is presented as bills have been
heretofore presented in this District. All the
incorporations in the District have been special
in their character.
If I understand the gentleman from New
York he makes no specific objection to this
bill or to any of its features. I will state, how-
ever, for the benefit of the House, some few
facts connected with it. The incorporators
named in this bill, or some of them at least,
are persons who have purchased quite a body
of land in this city lying east, in the vicinity of
Lincoln square. They have already erected a
row of buildingscalledPhiladelphiarow. They
propose to erect other and additional buildings
oflesser value iu order that they maybe brought
within the reach of the clerks and mechanics
of this city. From the experience they have
had in building they believe that tlicy can be
instrumental in reducing the value of real es-
tate in this city and in reducing the rents which
men of limited means are obliged to pay, and
1 litis indirectly reducing the rentals and prices
which members of this House have to pay.
They propose to put up numerous buildings
and sell them to persons of limited means upon
a long credit, requiring them to pay annually
such sums as they can save out of their earn-
ings, and thus bring within the means of the
more humble citizens of this District un oppor-
tunity of acquiring permanent homesteads for
their families where they may rest secure for
the remainder of their lives. This subject re-
ceived full and careful consideration and inquiry
before the committee agreed to report the bill.
We came to the conclusion to which the Senate
came, that it was for the interest of the citizens
of this District, and especially for the interests
of those who are of limited means, that this bill
should pass. If no further questions are de-
sired to be put, I will move, the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CONKLTMG. I want to call the gen-
tleman's attention and also the attention of the
House to the seventh section:
Srco. 7. And be it further enoctcd. That the president
and directors shall have full power and authority, on
behalf of the company, to purchase or lease land
within the city of Washington, and sub-tease or sell
and convey the same, to erec-t dwelling-houses and
all other buildings onthelandsoleasedorpurchascd,
and rent, lease, or sell the same, with theland appur-
tenances thereunto belonging, and generally to do and
perforin all acts, matters, and things to encourage
mechanics and citizens ot AYashington in procuring
houses and homes upon the most advantageous and
economical terms.
Now, I ask whether that section does any-
thing more or less than to charter an incorpo-
ration for the purpose of possessing itself of
the most desirable and available bits of prop-
erty all about the city on the best terms and
making a profit out of the operation. It seems
to me it is a mere intelligence office of real
estate for the benefit of the monopolists, and I
undertake to say that if any reason can be fur-
nished why this corporation should be chartered
in the city of Washington to handle real estate,
that reason will show that no such provision as
that should be contained in it, unless the object
is to subserve the interest, not of the public,
but of those who are to profit by it. I think
that those who come here and those who legis-
late here are sufficiently ridden now with the
enormities of exaction which prevail here, and
I think it wrong that a company should be
chartered with a capital of half a million dol-
lars to begin with, to snap up every scrap of
real estate in the District.
Mr. MERCUR. I will yield now to my col-
league, [Mr. AVilliams.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. The bill contains a pro-
vision that nothing therein contained shall be
construed to deny to Congress the power of in-
corporating other companies of a like descrip-
tion. I wish to know if it is the judgment of
the committee that the incorporation of such
a company involves a surrender of such power
on the part of Congress. If not, then it fol-
lows that this provision is unnecessaiy, and
there is only one thing in the section that is of
any value, and that is so much as reserves to
Congress the right to amend, repeal, or alter
the charter. Then there is another matter con-
nected with this to which I desire to call atten-
tion. I find a clause here providing that the
stockholders of this company shall be liable,
individually, to the amount of the stock held
by them. The liability is not to be confined,
as I understand this provision, to the amount
of stock subscribed ; so that if the debts of the
company exceed the amount of stock subscribed,
the creditors of the company would have to
suffer.
Mr. MERCUR. I am not authorized to
express the opinion of the committee on the
legal point raised by the member from Penn-
sylvania, but I have no hesitation in submitting
my own opinion, which is that it is necessary
that Congress should retain the power to char-
ter other companies. The House will bear in
mind that this is substantially a provision au-
thorizing the company to perform any business
that may be in pursuance of their charter. They
have real estate. They own lands upon which
buildings will be erected. It is something that
is not transient or fleeting; something that can-
not go out of their pockets; so that the credit-
ors of the company have a permanent security,
and all persons who may deal with this corpo-
ration. It strikes me that may be held to be a
sufficient security; but in addition to that, this
clause proposes that there shall be an individ-
ual liability on the part of each incorporator
equal to the amount of his stock. There cer-
tainly could be no objection to putting this
additional guard upon the operations of this
incorporation, and thus seeking further to pro-
tect the interest of all those who may become
its creditors.
Mr. Speaker, let me say a word in answer
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conk-
ling,] who thinks that under this charter this
incorporation will purchase and hold too much
property in the city. It is true, by this bill
they are authorized to sell stock to the amount
of $500,000, or not less than $100,000. But
if I understand this matter, the incorporators
do not possess sufficient means to go far in pur-
chasing up real estate. If the gentleman from
New York will reckon up the valuation put
upon some of the houses and lots in this city,
he will find that the sum mentioned in this bill
would purchase very few of them.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate receded from its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill (H. R. No. 179)
in relation to the district courts of the United
States in the States of California and Louisi-
ana, and agreed to said amendment.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate insisted on their amendments
disagreed to by the House to the bill (IT. R.
No. 138) to increase and fix the military peace
establishment of the United States, agreed to
the conference asked by the House thereon,
and had appointed Messrs. Wilsos, Harris,
and Nesmitii the conferees upon the part of
the Senate.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed the bill of the House
