1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2239
associated themselves together in a public work.
It would be a little curious to notice the geo-
graphical location of the gentlemen who oppose
this measure. It will be noticed that they
have made the discovery that this road is to
start from Puget sound on the Pacific and
end at Lake Superior. They have also discov-
ered that it may have an eastern outlet across
by the Straits of Mackinaw and down to De-
troit, there connecting with roads leading south
from that point. I want it understood by gen-
tlemen who oppose this bill because Chicago
has not been fixed upon as a point, that they
can tap the road by their system and have a
bfonch road from Lake Superior to Chicago.
In the winter season until the road can be com-
pleted East, across the straits through Michi-
gan, it will have to make its connection with
the Wisconsin and Illinois railroads, so as to
reach the eastern roads at Chicago, for it is
known that the lakes can be navigated only for
a portion of the year. It was my good fortune
on visiting Boston to bo the companion of Cap-
tain Mullin, who surveyed and has been asso-
ciated with the Northern Bacific railroad from
the commencement, and from him I learned
some very interesting facts. The captain is a
very practical man. He stated to me that by
building a short road over a portage of some
three hundred and fifty miles between the
navigable head waters of the Yellowstone and
Columbia rivers the entire connection between
the Atlantic and Pacific can be effected, and
goods and passengers transported from the
Atlantic to the Pacific in ten days.
I have not the time to go into all the details
of this proposition. I will say that I do not
look upon this as a local work. Some of the
gentlemen who oppose the bill are interested
in the construction of the Central Pacific rail-
road for which a magnificent grant of land and
money has been made, and now when the great
Northwest seeks to secure an outlet to the
Pacific, for local reasons these same gentlemen
come in and oppose the measure.
When the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] was speaking on the details of
the bill it did occur to me that some amend-
ments in reference to the conveyance of the
lands were necessary. By the amendment
before the House I understand the title does
not pass until the road is built. That obviates
that difficulty. The next question is as to the
liability of the Government. As the bill has
been amended not one dollar is guarantied
until the road is built. I undertake to say
even if every dollar of that money was lost it
would be the cheapest sixty millions ever
expended on a great national work. My friend
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] says very truly that
not a dollar would be lost, and I indorse that
declaration. We can get it back on account
of the carriage of the United States mails, and
by security for one half of the land, and in
various other ways. The Government can hold
securities until it gets back every dollar.
In the upper peninsula which I represent
there are copper mines, and if the road be
bnilt it will open that region to commerce.
But I regard it as a national work, and one
of the greatest importance. No gentleman
from New England, New York, New Jersey,
Indiana, Ohio, or any of the other States should
oppose it. For by connecting at Detroit, in the
State of Michigan, with the southern system
of roads and the roads leading to the Atlantic
cities, they will all have the benefit of this
Northern Pacific railroad, and the bill for the
encouragement of the building of which I hope
will pass, but as I promised to occupy but ten
minutes of the time of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] I must close my remarks
and yield the floor to him.
Mr. GRINNELL. I understand that the gen-
tleman has but eight minutes of his time left,
and I propose to occupy that time, yet too short
to more than glance at the great question.
Mr. Speaker, I shall vote for this bill, and
divest myself of all local prejudices as a west-
ern man. I happen to live on the line of the
Central Pacific railroad; it passes by my door;
but I am not to be bound to any locality. I
believe this is a great national project, and as
a monetary, as a business project, it is safe for
this country and for Congress to adopt it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano]
pursued a line of remark which led us to sup-
pose that here was such a magnificent grant
of land that any further aid was unnecessary.
He seemed to think that the amount would be
$100,000,000, and when I asked him whether
he did not think that was too high, he ex-
pressed doubts about it, and finally concluded
that it was so.
Now, I wish to call attention to the fact that
gentlemen have not met the question. On
the one hand they have said, "Here is such
an immense grant of land that these men need
nothing." On the other they have said, "You
will lose if you become security for this com-
pany." Both statements cannot be true; the
witnesses disagree. I have no hesitation in say-
ing that these facts have never yet been met,
and they never can be successfully.
Here is a great tract of land certainly, but
what is. it now worth? No more to this Gov-
ernment than so much moonshine, or so much
clear sky, without a railroad. It is not worth
one cent an acre without access to it. There
is no man rich enough to own it and pay taxes
on it in its present condition; nor will it for
fifty years to come, without a railroad, have
value.
What is the proposition? That this immense
tract of land between Lake Superior and the
Pacific shall be opened so that we shall have
access to the gold mines and another highway
to the Pacific ocean. This is what we can do ;
this is what we ought to do. We ought to lend
to timid capital the aid, confidence, and surety
of the Government in this enterprise; what the
Government has before done, even by direct
gifts; what "Russia is doing; in opening her
wastes on a grand scale.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano]
talks about the West, and assumes to speak
for it as if he were of that country. Why, sir,
he should remember that he is not within a
thousand miles of the starting-point of this
road. He has to travel two hundred miles
across his own State, the same distance across
the State of Indiana, then three or four hun-
dred-more across the State of Illinois north-
west, and then hundreds of miles, before he
gets to the starting-point of this road. He
cannot speak for the West, because he does
not live there as a Representative; and though
able, I cannot think he appreciates our dis-
tances or wants.
Gentlemen have undertaken to say that my
colleague, the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Price, ] has not presented a report, only a bill,
withholding the light. My colleague has been
characterized by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbcrne] as a banker. Well, sir, it
is true that my colleague has honorably and
successfully discharged the duties of president
of the State Bank of Iowa, by which no man
has lost a dollar. But he is not merely a banker.
While the gentleman from Illinois was laying
out streets in the city of Chicago my colleague
was surveying and planning a railroad westward,
near the eastern connection of the Pacific rail-
road, to Council Bluffs. He is a railroad man
of ten years' experience in the Prairie State,
as well as an extensive farmer, having, I am
informed, a larger number of acres than any
man west of the Mississippi river under culti-
vation. And yet the two gentlemen from Illi-
nois designate him as a banker simply.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Is he not
president of a bank ?
Mr. GRINNELL. Ho was president of the
State Bank of Iowa. And I will here state
that his word financially is regarded as good
authority by all parties in that State, without
regard to politics ; and it is partly because he
has examined this question financially, as well
as its wide national hearings, that I give it my
support. More than a banker. He was a rail-
road man for thirteen years, connected with the
roads in Iowa and Illinois, and as a railroad
director he gave iiis time and money. And
now, when the chairman of a committee, cau-
tious with experience and exact in figures, has
examined into this project in a financial as well
as a national point of view, comes to me and
says it is sound and safe and necessary, I give
great weight to his opinion. Certainly no side
issues should detract from the authority.
Mr. Speaker, let us divest ourselves of these
local prejudices. Let us rise to the grandeur
of position that we should occupy in legislating
for a continent. I never wish to see the two
sections of the country alienated. I would
have the East bound to the West by iron bands.
Give us this railroad, and what cost twenty-five
cents a pound to reach the gold mines can be
carried to the far West at from five to eight
cents a pound. There is economy in the meas-
ure. There is greatness and safety in it, and
unless my colleague has been grossly deceived
in regard to the figures, it is safe financially;
and 1 repeat, although I live on the line of the
great Central Pacific railroad, I am willing
that we shall have two or three roads, or as
many as we can find money to build.
And let it not be forgotten that these capi-
talists, these railroad men, these shrewd man-
agers, must lose ten million dollars before we
can lose one. Will they enter into this pro-
ject without any prospect of receiving tlieir
money back? No ; they are shrewd, intelli-
gent, far-sighted men, as well as patriots, and
they know the necessity of this connection, and
they know that if we can have the head waters
of the Missouririver connected with the Colum-
bia, crossing this magnificent country, we shall
haveachieved whatcannotpossiblybe achieved
by the Central Pacific railroad in the same time.
Hence, I conceive that, as far-seeing and intelli-
gent men,we should support this measure, sus-
tained, I observe, by the Boards of Trade, by
the powerful press of the Northwest, by every
miner in the West, by the dwellers on th«
Pacific, and ought to be, as I am confident, by
every agriculturist on the wide, rich prairies
of our western States. .
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, the bill be-
fore us proposes to part with the credit of the
Government of the United States to a railroad
company known as "the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company," an association of gentle-
men who carry on a private corporation for
their own personal gain.
Before speaking of those features of the bill
which to my mind render it objectionable, I
call the attention of the House to the unfair
manner in which this whole matter has been
conducted. I do not believe that there is a
single member of this House who has any ob-
jection to the completion of this road at the
earliest practicable moment; but whether the
road shall belong to the people or the Govern-
ment of the United States rather than to pri-
vate corporations is another question. That
is one of the grounds of my opposition to this
measure. We would like to see this country,
vast as it is, and valuable as it is, speedily
developed; its mineral treasures brought forth;
its hills and valleys peopled and filled with
grain and all other agricultural products which
are necessary for the sustenance of man, and
for the happiness of those who may dwell there.
This is a question of humanity. It is a ques-
tion of policy. But there is a question of legal
right. This measure appears to be a sort of
"gift enterprise," where much is promised
and little performed. There is something undei
it. I confess that I have not sufficient intelli-
gence to tell you where it is or what it is ; but
I feel that the measure is pregnant with mis-
chief to onr Government and to our institu-
tions. When the Government becomes god-
father to schemes of this description, being
responsible for the acts of its god-child, there
is danger.
In July, 1864, this Northern Pacific Railroad
Companywas chartered, and at that time it was
presumed that we should never again be trqjibled
with an application for additional assistance.
The charter gave to them forty-seven million
acres of land, and the company themselves, as
