1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
resented, every man in the community may be
represented, and every woman and child in the
community may be represented, and yet not
every man twenty-one years of age be a voter.
Nobody ever contended until this day that it
was so or could be so. No community has ever
carried it so far, and I doubt if any community
ever will carry it so far. There will always be
numbers, more or loss, of freemen who ought
not to exercise the right of Suffrage.
In saying this I do not mean to differ with
the Senator upon his great ground that it would
be most iniquitous and most outrageous to ex-
clude all the colored men of the United States
because they are colored men. I say as strongly
as ho does, that they have the right and ought
to have the right of suffrage as well as the
■whites. 1 have no sort, of hesitation upon that
subject; but I do say that even the Senator
himself is not in favor at the present day of
admitting them to universal suffrage. lie is
in favor, as I am, of abolishing the distinction
that exists between men of different classes or
different colors; but he goes, if I understand
him, no further than that. It is of no use,
then, to contend that wc cannot have a repub-
lican form of government unless every man of
the ago of twenty-one years is allowed to vote.
That is out of the question. It never has been
so, and I doubt if it ever will be so, until very
nearly the time of the millennium!
It is still move unjust to say thai because we
propose art amendment to the Constitution
which simply provides llntt if thai, abuse docs
exist it, shall lie punished, therefore we propose
to tax without, allowing representation. The
Senator proposes to base representation upon
voters. Suppose a State excludes a large por-
tion of its population and sends Represent-
atives here, would the Senator omit to tax
them for their own fault? If they choose to
exclude the blacks or any other class from
noting and thus cut, down their representation
and cut down their number of votes, does the
Senator say lie would not lax lliem? It, is their
fault. They are si ill nqn esenl.ed although l.hey
do not vote. What, he say is this: "We tax
you as we tax all communities ; you are rep-
resented as all communities are represented,
according to your population; but if in fram-
ing your law m relation to sulfrugo, you choose
to cut, out a large portion of your population,
whom you oughL not to cut out, they shall
not be counted, but you and (hey shall be
taxed. Why notV The fault is not in us.
Wc do not propose to restrict the suffrage.
We propose to give the power to put, it on the
liirgesl basis of population, counting every
man. woman, and child ; but if you, the Stale,
choose lo eul out one half of your population
anil say they arc not Jil to exercise the right, of
suffrage, you shall lose your representation, but
you shall not escape from bearing your share
of the burdens of this (lovernmenl." That is
what, wc say and all we. say in this resolution.
That is the second point of the Senator,
'['here are a great many of them, and perhaps
1 am wrong in attempting to consider them in
detail. They are all of the same character,
all depending upon the same misapprehension
of the ameudiuenl ol' the Constitution that is
now before the Senate.
The third point, and'the Senator adopts a
vcrv imposing style of speech, is this:
"Pi ocvtlmj; with thodissoction of this proposition,
1 now exluoit K ,i now tona of emioi-ssioii to .Slate
rights."
Why? The State richt now, under the Con-
stitution, is to make ,iust such regulations as
it chooses with regard lo its qualification for
voters. That is the present State right, which
nobody can dispute, because it has been ad-
mitted from the foundation of the (iovernment.
What do we say? Jf you exclude a portion of
your people from cxerci.-ung that rinht, we cut
you off from representation. Is that a con-
cession to State rights ! it is the very reverse
of the honorable Senator's proposition, if 1
know it; and therefore I bog leave to say,
with all resptct, that the heterogeneous char-
acter of this opposition on all sides of the
Senate, "black spirits and white, blue spirits
and gray," some fighting it on one ground,
and some on precisely the opposite ground, is
a most singular spectacle. 1 trust it will be
properly appreciated. A concession to State
rights, when you tell them, " If you exercise a
power which you can exercise under the Con-
stitution, we cut you off from representation 1''
In what fantastic dream was such an idea con-
ceived? It is precisely the opposite, and every
man must see it; and the leading ground on
which the honorable Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] opposed the resolution was
that it attacked State rights.
Proceeding with the dissection of the prop-
osition, the Senator says it is " a constitutional
recognition of an oligarchy, aristocracy, caste,
and monopoly, founded on color." If the brain
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
should ever chance to be dissectcd, I think
those words would be found very strongly im-
pressed on it. They seem to haunt the honor-
able Senator. If he can find them in this reso-
lution, he can find them in the Lord's Prayer,
or the Westminster Assembly Catechism. When
we say distinctly to a State, "If you attempt to
make a distinction in political rights on account
of color, we will punish yon by depriving you
of representation pro tanto, the Senator says
that is recognizing an oligarchy and aristoc-
racy founded on color! Why, sir, there is not
a man of ordinary intellect, n'ot blinded by pas-
sion or prejudice, not misled by preconceived
opinions; nay, not a woman, who is equal to a
man in intellect 1 know, although Judge Par-
sons thought she had not discretion enough to
vole, or one of our children of decent years
at school in New England, who would not say
tliat it is precisely opposite; and the same
remark applies to every point the honorable
Senator has made.
Again, lie says, that it is "petrifying in the
Constitution the wretched pretension of a white
man's Government." I will omit the comment
upon that, it is too palpable.
Then the Senator objects to this proposition
as "tying the hands of Congress in its inter-
pretation ofa republican government." IIow?
His next proposition is, and 1 will consider
them together, that " it is tying the hands of
Congress in completing and consummating the
abolition of slavery." I will not discuss the
question; it. is not necessary that I should discuss
the question, for my purpose here, whether
Congress has this power of legislation or not;
whether it has it under the clause guarantying
a republican form of government or not. Opin-
ions differ upon that subject; but for the sake
of the argument, admit that Congress has the
power, how in the world does this proposition
deprive them of any power they have. What
is the expression? " If you undertake to deny
suffrage on account of race or color you shall
not have representation for that race." It
is a denial, a bar. Suppose they do, they do
not get the representation if this passes. Sup-
pose Congress has the power to dccidc that the
colored people shall vote, does this give it
away? Does this diminish it? If it exists in
the Constitution to-day, is Congress deprived
of the power on account, of this prohibition ?
Is it affected in the slightest possible degree in
anyway? Every man must see that it is not.
If the power exists, which my honorable friend
from Illinois contends does exist, Congress has
the power lo legislate and ought to legislate.
If this amendment of the Constitution is
adopted, does he find anything in it which pro-
hibits Congress from legislating under that
clause ? If there was a permission in it, if it
read in this way, "provided that any State or
every State shall have the power to exclude
from the, ballot any portion of its people that
it sees fit, and those so excluded shall not be
counted in representation," that, I graut you,
would give the power.
I Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
i Senator a question on a matter of construction.
: Suppose the Constitution was entirely silent on
j this point, and theie was nothing else in the
: instrument to determine it, and there was no
question of practice under the Constitution by
which we were to determine its construction ;
suppose it were a new instrument, and you added
this clause, would not the other parts of the
Constitution, taken in connection with this, be
evidence of the intention of the framers of the
Constitution that the States should exercise
the right to exclude persons from the right of
suffrage? In other words, would it not be a
recognition of the power of the State to do so?
Would not that be the fair construction? If
you had nothing but that and the rest of the
instrument, whereby to be guided, and it said
that the whole number of people should be
counted in the basis provided as in this amend-
ment, that if the States did certain things cer-
tain persons could not be counted, would not
that be an evidence of the intention of the
framers of the Constitution to leave it with the
States? Would it not be so construed? If
that was the only guide by which you had to
determine their intention, would you not say
that they presumed that the power existed in
the States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I confess that owing to
my very great stupidity I do not understand
what the Senator is driving at. If he means
to ask me whether this proposition is not an
admission that the States have the power under
the Constitution, I say certainly it is, and I
have been arguing that this last, half hour or
more. It does admit that the States have the
power under the Constitution as it stands to
regulate the question of suffrage. Whether Con-
gress has the power to regulate it is another
question, and that is the question I am con-
sidering.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot yield for any
more questions. 1 am too much pressed for
time. That is precisely what I have been en-
deavoring to follow up. I say, then, that the
Senator's supposition amounts to nothing, be-
cause I am not talking of the Constitution as it
is not, but as it is. I am not called upon to
argue or to say what would be the consequence
if the Constitution was not what it is. I am
trying to make out how the matter stands, the
Constitution being such as it is; and the Con-
stitution being thus, that the States have the
power to regulate the qualifications of suffrage,
this proposition is nothing in the world but a
prohibition and limitation. If, in addition to
that, as the Senator from Massachusetts con-
lends, Congress has the power of legislation,
which covers the whole question, this does not
affect, it in the slightest possible degree, for it
does not allude to it in any shape or form.
Mr. STEWART. I do not, think he is right;
but T think if lie is right, it takes away the
""Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. I do not
propose to dwell on the Constitution now.
But, sir, what protection have you in an act
of Congress when regulating a matter of this
kind ? Suppose my honorable friend from Illi-
nois and the Senator from Massachusetts are
right, what protection have you in an act of
Congress? You settle a question to-day by an
act of Congress, which excites great feeling,
great animosity, and which divides the people
of this country and you may possibly carry it
into effect; to-morrow Congress changes its
character, or there is another Congress, and
your act is repealed, and these men are put
back to where they were before.
W hat 1 want to do, then, for the benefit of
the race of whom the honorable Senator talks
so much, is to give them the protection of the
Constitution, not leave them to an act of Con-
gress which may be passed to-day and repealed
to-morrow, and they be left to be the sport and
foot-ball of fortune and of caprice and tyranny,
but to place them under a safeguard which shall
stand as long as the Constitution itself stands,
and requires more than the mere action of a
majority of Congress to repeal. I wouid exer-
cise all that power if we have it. I do not say
but we have; and if this should not prove
sufficient, I should certainly exercise it; but,
