8200
THE GOjNr(xKESSIOISrAL GLOBE,
June 15,
on this question, either in the last Congress or
in any other Congress. They never voted on
the merits. They never voted, either for this
bill or against it. This is the first time it has
been before the House for action. I prefer,
therefore, that it should not be postponed. I
think that these parties are entitled to action,
without being required to wait to see if, per-
adventure, the gentleman from Massachusetts
can bring up anything against this just claim.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania seems to think that I want time to
show what was done in the last House upon
this' question. Sir, that is a matter of the
smallest possible consequence. T stated to the
House the other day that this bill was voted
down in the last House. The gentleman says
that it was not brought up. That is the only
difference between him and myself. The fact
is that (he bill was brought up by the gentle-
man from Rhode island [Mr. Jexckes] on the
last night but one of the session. He asked
unanimous consent to report it, and I objected.
He'then asked a vote of the House on a motion
to suspend the rules to enable him to report it,
and the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. JENCKES. The House refused to sus-
pend the rules, and came to no vote upon the
LiH.
Mr. DAWES. I will not enter further into
that question. If mj' friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Myers] iefuses to postpone the bill, he
will drive me into a discussion of its merits
very much against my will; for the reason that
if it be postponed 1 think I can show the House
that the owner of this patent has been remu-
nerated, and very largely remunerated, by the
use of it for twenty-one years.
The gentleman from llhode Island [Mr.
Jexckhh] has referred to the party whom I
represent here. Now, I wish to bo entirely
frank about this matter. There is a large in-
terest growing up in my district that has been
paying a "royalty'' to this patentee during
the whole existence of the patent. There is a
similar interest growing up in the district of
one of my colleagues and there is a similar
interest springing up in the western country.
I represent my constituents, and them solely.
They have never been hero nor have they said
one word upon this subject. No constituent
of mine handover been within the District of
Columbia to lobby in relation to this matter.
The gentleman^ has had somebody from Now
York before bis committee in relation to it.
WhtU f know noon this point I know from my
constituents at home.
_ I have fitated to the gentleman that if he will
give me a week, I will bring evidence to show
that this hill ought not. to pass; no evil can
arise out of that delay. Put the gentleman
declines to submit to a postponement, and I
am therefore compelled to go into the merits
of the case. I ask the House to look at the
report. The report shows, and 1 ask the
House to notice it, that the only reason for
giving an extension of this patent is, that the
owner of the patent, has not received a fair
remuneration. The committee state that this
Mr. Jonathan Pali has received for his patent,
in all, only Sl!0,4:H.
Well, Mr. Speaker, 1 have no doubt that is
a correct statement,; and that is all that he has
received; but he leaves out two very impor-
tant items, and I wish to call the attention of
the House to them. He says that lie formed
a combination with certain individuals, and
held stock in corporations thus formed; and
be says that he sold out all his stock in the
company thus formed but ten and a half shares ;
and that all he has realized, both from the sale
of the said stock and his own operations with
his patent, is $20,431.
Lot me read his statement:
That-Mr. Ballha^ sold all of his stock in thecom-
pany <~y<-'opt ten and a half shares, worth eishty per
cent., ftbiO, which, with all he has realized, both from
the .sale or his said stock and his own operations
under his patent, amounts to only $20,431."
I hat leaves unaccounted for two very im-
portant items, namely, all the dividends he
ever received from his stock, and also all that
the owners of the other'three fourths of the
patent have received from the patent. This
Jonathan Ball divides Ms patent into four parts,
and for the one quarter of the patent which he
reserved for himself he has received, aside
from dividends, over $20,000. The other three
fourths of the patent are not accounted for.
Now, if one quarter of the patent has realized
$20,000, I do not think it will require much
argument or calculation to show that four
fourths must have realized $80,000.
Mr. MYERS. I would inquire how much
of my hour there is left.
The SPEAKER. Twenty-four minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I think I ought to be allowed
time to thoroughly discuss this matter. I
begged the gentleman to allow this subject to
be postponed ; but he will neither consent to
the postponement nor permit me time to ex-
plain the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] why he de-
sires to have this hill postponed?
Mr. DAWES. I have already stated to the
House that if I had time I would bring for-
ward ample proof that the patent, in question
had realized a fortune.
Mr. MYERS. I will allow the gentleman
twenty minutes more of my time.
Mr. DAWES. 1 prefer to take my seat and
appeal to the House to allow me the floor in
my own right.
Mr. MYERS. In order that this matter may
be disposed of at this time by the House, and
not be postponed and take up another hour or
two, as we know all the facts now, I will yield
to the gentleman. I am perfectly prepared to
meet the case now on its merits.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] surrenders the re-
mainder of his time—as he has had two hours
upon this bill—as soon as his hour expires the
Chair will recognize some member opposed to
the bill as entitled to the floor in his own right.
Mr. MYERS. I will yield to the gentleman
all the remainder of my time but five minutes.
Mr. DAWES. How much time will that be ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Myers] has twenty-four minutes
of his hour still remaining.
Mr. DAWES. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania for yielding to me. 1
have explained that this paper shows that one
fourth of this patent has yielded over $20,000.
I understand the answer to that is, that the sum
mentioned was all that Jonathan Ball has re-
ceived. But the patent has yielded so much,
of whicli three fourths have gone to the corpo-
ration.
But there is something further. We have
this very Congress exempted this pipe from
the internal revenue tax. And why? Because
it had become free to the public bv reason of
the expiration of the patent, and men have
engaged in the manufacture of it all over the
country. And now what does this corporation
ask? That the whole monopoly of the manu-
facture of this pipe shall be put into their
hands for seven years longer; for this bill, if
passed, would bo equivalent to an enactment
to that effect.
It is said that this is solely for the benefit
of Jonathan Ball, without reference to his as-
signees. Well, sir, if it is to bo for the benefit
of Jonathan Ball, it is either with or without
the consent of the corporation to whom he
conveyed three fourths of his patent. Now, I
am prepared to show that he transferred this
patent with all renewals to this corporation;
and, therefore, the moment you grant this ex-
tension to Jonathan Ball, it inures to the bene-
fit of this corporation. But I do not care for
that.
If this extension is to be given to Jonathan
Ball alone, with the consent of the corpora-
tion, it is because Jonathan Ball and the cor-
poration understand each other, and the mo-
ment the patent is granted all the rest of the
world will understand it, too, when they are
compelled to pay royalty to this corporation
through the name of Jonathan Ball. If it is
done without the consent of this corporation,
then it comes to this, that after Jonathan Ball
has sold three fourths of his patent, of his
right to this manufacture under the law, which
the world knew would expire in twenty-one
years, when they would have the use of it as
freely as they have the right to breathe, it is
proposed to cut off their right to it and give
the monopoly for seven years longer to Jona- .
than Ball.
Now, as I have said in reference to my con-
stituents, and as I happen to know in refer-
ence to the constituents of one of my colleagues,
and also two or three other establishments in
the western country, they have gone into the
manufacture of this pipe. But it is said that
it is proposed here to save their rights. What
sort of rights? Simply to protect them in what
they have done between the expiration of the
patent and the date of its renewal. That means
that when this patent comes to be renewed
every establishment in the land engaged in this
manufacture, which was lawful when they put
their capital into it, must close their doors
until they can make terms with this corpora-
tion in New Jersey, in the name of Jonathan
Ball. Every manufacturing establishment in
the country which has invested capital in this
work, knowing that the law of the land made
it free to them from last December, at the date
of the renewal of this patent must close its
doors ;gid make such terms as it can with this
corporation or with Jopathan Ball. Now, as I
have said, we at this very session took the in-
ternal revenue tax from this pipo for the ben-
efit of the consumer, and not for the benefit of
this corporation.
Now, if time be allowed, it will be easy to
show the correctness of all I have stated here.
I only asked time of this House that I might
assure myself that I had made no misstate-
ment to the House. It was not that I had any
doubt myself, because the letters which I have
received from my constituents, and which oth-
ers here have received from theirs, leave me
no room to doubt.
Now, I submit that there is a principle in-
volved in this question which should arrest the
attention of this House: that is, after we have
given a monopoly of this patent to Jonathan
Ball and his assignees for twenty-one years,
and compelled the public to pay royalty to
them, and the wise and sound policy of the
Government is to stimulate and encourage
enterprise and the investment of capital in all
undertakings that will contribute to the ad-
vancement of the interests of the country,
whether we will spring a trap like this upon all
such enterprise, and confer a monopoly like
this for seven years longer. I trust the House
will not consent to it.
Mr. MYERS. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] had added to his re-
marks that he trusted that hereafter there
would be no Committee on Patents in either
House of Congress, perhaps the members of
that, committee, if not the public, would have
been obliged to him.
I have listened to the gentleman attentively;
I have given him all the time he desired, and
what lie said at the end of that time is just what
he said at the beginning, and amounts to noth-
ing as an argument against this patent. The
statements reported by the committee have not
been controverted, that this patent has not had
a full existence before the public; that this is
an exceptional ease; that no matter what may
have been the case before, if this extension is
given it will be for the sole benefit of Jonathan
Ball; that this inventor is a public benefactor
and^ has not been rewarded properly.
Now, if this House eould see the samples
presented to the Committee on Patents, the
one a specimen of the old iron pipe, taken up
after a few years all incrusted with rust and
dangerous to health, the other a sample of the
patented pipe taken up after thirteen years in
good condition; if they could hear the affidavits
