m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
of the world. Development upon all great sub-
jects is slow. The development of the globe
itself has required countless ages before it was
prepared for the introduction of man upon it.
When we heard from the lips of the reverend
gentleman who recently officiated for the day as
Chaplain of this House that God had created
the world six thousand years ago, and during
that time had governed it well, I thought the
gentleman hardly understood the full nature or
history of this creation, when, for countless
millions of years, a Being all-wise and self-
existent has filled all space with the glorious
objects of His creative hand, and with exqui-
site and matchless skill, displayed from age to
age, has been fashioning each star and planet
to -fulfill His purpose; and the earth itself,
through its thousands of mutations and its va-
ried order of organic life, to lit it in all things as
the home of man, His noblest work, in His own
image made; it seemed strange, indeed, that
such narrow and restricted views should be ut-
tered of an infinite Creator and an infinite
creation, and that so little of the true law of
growth, development, and perfection should
have been conceived.
And take the progress of the human race
through the-historic age—kingdoms and em-
pires, systems of social polity, systems of re-
ligion, systemsof science, have been of no rapid
growth, but long centuries intervened between
their origin and their overthrow.
The Creator placed man on earth, not for the
perfection of the individual, but the race ; and
therefore He locked up the mysteries of Ids
power in the bosom of the earth and in the
depths of the heavens, rendering them invisible
to mankind. He made man study those secrets,
those mysteries, in order that his genius might
be cultivated, his views enlarged, his intellect
matured, so that he might gradually rise in the
scale of being, and finally attain the full per-
fection for which his Creator designed him.
_ Thus Governments, political systems, and po-
litical rights have been the subject of study and
improvement; changes adapted to the advance
of socioty are made; experiments are tried,
based upon reason and upon judgment, and
those are safest which, in their gradual intro-
duction, avoid unnecessary violence and con-
vulsion.
I submit, sir, whether it be wise for us now,
so suddenly, to alter so entirely the political
status of so great a number of the citizens of
this District in conferring upon them indiscrim-
inately the right of franchise.
In the remarks which 1 have submitted to-
day I have sought to explain the posil ion which
1 occupy upon this question to this House and
to the country. I do it in no spirit of disregard
to the rights of any race, black or white. 1 do
it with reference to the just rights and protec-
tion of all; and I am frank lo'say that, 1 think,
in this country, we have had legislation—per-
haps too much of it—which looked entirely and
exclusively to the rights of classes.
But, sir, J happened some time ago, upon this
floor, to address some expression iiuegard to my
own views which has provoked the animadver-
sion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] whom 1 regret to see isnotnowinliis
seat, and to him I intended to address some
remarks to-day. I do not wish to do it in his
absence, for it would not be respectful to him ;
and therefore I will decline to say anything upon
that portion of the subject, as I had intended
to do ; but I will reserve the right of answering
hereaftertheinsinuations which he made against
me, that I had been forming friendship with the
Democraticparty or with Democratic principles
upon this floor. To say that I have personal
friendship with gentlemen upon the other side of
the House is to say just what is true. There
fre these gentlemen whom I respect,
but differ from them in political opinions. I re-
serve the right to differ from them, and I shall
do it freely and unreservedly. I hold the sam e
right to differ with the sentiments of any gentle-
man upon this side of the House, and that right
I shall exercise with the same determination.
I am here as an independent Representative j
upon this floor, bound by my oath, which my
constituents never took, to perform the obliga-
tions of my conscience, not theirs, to exercise
the rights and to discharge the duties of a Rep-
resentative according to my judgment, enlight-
ened by application to all the sources from
which intelligence and information can be re-
ceived ; and I will discharge that duty without
regard to menaces on the one hand or to bland:
ishments on the other.
I shall desire on a future occasion, when the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Steveks] is in his seat, to speak my opinions
of representative rights and personal independ-
Mr. CHANLEE obtained the floor.
MESSAGE EROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDojiald, its Chief Clerk, returned to the
House of Representatives, agreeably to its re-
quest, bill of the House No. 11, to facilitate
commercial, postal, and military communica-
tion among the several States.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed a resolution authorizing
the joint committee on reconstruction to send
for persons and papers ; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that I may be per-
mitted to record my vote on the question on
laying upon the table the resolution affecting
the pay of members of Congress. I was un-
avoidably detained from the House at the time
that vote was taken.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Ray-
mond in the chair.) The Chair cannot ask that
consent at this time, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. ChaxltceJ being entitled to the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will say, then, thatif
I had been present, [ should have voted in favor
of laying the resolution upon the table.
SUI'J'RAOB IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, the follow-
ing language of Alexander Hamilton, in one of
his essays (No. 5) in the Federalist, seems most
appropriate at this time and to this subject:
"It is of great import.moo in a republic not only to
guard society against tho oppression ot its rulers, Irat
to giuird one part of the society against tho injustico
of tilo other part.
" .I ustico is the end of government. It is the end of
civil soeiely. It ever has been and ever will l e pur-
sued until it be obtained, or until liberty be lost in tho
pursuit.
"In a society in which the stronger faction can
readily unite to oppress the weaker, anarchy may as
truly bo said to reign as in a stato of nature, where
tho weaker individual is not sceurcd against the vio-
lence of the stronger.''
A fierce and bloody civil war has just ended
in the complete triumph of this Government
over a rebellion which threatened to destroy it.
An amnesty proclamation has restored the
people who were in that rebellion to their rights
as citizens of the United States. Peace is re-
established, and every function of Government
is rapidly being put into practical operation
throughout the South. The party in the ma-
jority in the Government lias introduced this
proposed amendment to tho laws of Congress
regulating this District, and urge its passage—
1. On the ground of justice to the negro.
2. On the ground of safety to the Union.
8. As a necessity.
I do not wish to use the word faction in any
other sense than that used by the illustrious
Hamilton. But it does seem to rnc, sir, that if
this measure passes into a law we will resemble
" a society in which the stronger faction readily
unite to oppress the weaker," and "anarchy,"
for awhile at least, may be looked for as the
political consequent of our action. Actuated by
a sincere wish to do full justice to all classes and
races of men; resolved at all hazards to secure
the safety and perpetuity of this Union; and
after a fair examination of the necessity of the
proposed amendment, I am convinced this
measure should not pass.
xegro suffrage in tiie district of columbia.
In my opinion, the powers vested in Congress
over the District of Columbia, although abso-
lute and exclusive, do not include the right to
establish a principle which in itself, ab initio, is
fatal to the full and just exercise of the will of
the majority of the people of this District or of
any State of this Union, and, a fortiori, if it be
hostile to the will of a majority of the people of
thisUnion. A majority ofthe inhabitants of the
southern States are negroes, who do not consti-
tute thepeople, neither in those States nor in the
United States. The negro inhabitant is in a
minority in every other State except the south-
ern States, and whether he vote or not in the
States in which he forms a minority of the in-
habitants cannot affect the sovereignty of the
people of the United States by overthrowing
the supremacy of the white race, through the
legal and peaceful medium of the ballot, in any
one State. But by the principle of negro suf-
rage, if once established by the national Con-
gress, the term ''the people" will be made to
include the negro race throughout the Union,
and thereby pervert the intention of the framers
of the Constitution as declared in the preamble:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity,pro vide for the common defense,
promote the general welfare, and secure the bless-
iiigsoflibertytoouiselvesaudoui posterity,do ordain
and establish this Constitution lor the United States
of America."
To secure the rights of and preserve the do-
minion to their posterity the same framers of the
Constitution enacted:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elections
for Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed
in each State by the Legislature thereot.''—Ai t.l,see. 4.
" Congress shall have power to regulate eommcrce
with the Indian tribes."—.Art. 1, sec. 8.
"The migration or importation of such persons as
any of the States now existing shall think proper to
admit shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior
to the year 1808, but a tax or duty may bo imposed on
such importation not exceeding ton dollars lor each
poison.''—Art. 1, sw. 9.
"To establish a uniform rule of naturalization, to
exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever
over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as
maybycession ofparticularStatcs, and theacccptaneo
ot Congress, become tho scatof the Government of tho
United States."—Art. 1, sec. 8.
These sections plainly fix tho intent of the
framers of the Constitution on three points:
first, the existence of three distinct races: 1,
that ofthe framers of the Constitution; 2, the
Indian race; 3, the slave race or negroes. Sec-
ond, tho dominion of the race who formed tho
Constitution to be perpetual. Third, homoge-
neity of the emigrant of that day with the race
that formed the Constitution. Fourth, tho seat
of their dominion tobeunderthe exclusive con-
trol of the Government founded by that race.
I consider tho logic of these sections to bo con-
clusive on the question, '"Is this a white man's
Government?'' Curtis, in his admirable work
on the Constitution, sustains this view. He
says, (volume two, chapter nine, page 195, also
chapter ten, page 286:)
"But who were to be regarded as the people of a
State lor this purpose Lin fixing the right of suffrage]
was a question of great magnitude now to be consid-
ered. The situation of the country in reference to
this, as well as to many other important questions, was
peculiar. The .streams of immigration which began to
flow into it from Europe at the first settlement of tho
different colonies had been interrupted only by the
war of the llevolution. On the return of peace the
tide of emigration l^egan again to set toward the new
States which had risen into existence on the western
shores of the Atlantic." * * * * * *
" It appeared quite certain that great accessions of
population would follow the establishment of free in-
stitutions in America, if they should bo framed in a
liberal and comprehensive spirit." * * * *
"The States which had encouraged most sueli immi-
gration had advanced mostrjpidlyin population, in
agriculture, and the arts. There were, too, already
in the country many persons of foreign birth who had
thoroughly iden tifi ed themselves wi th its interests and
its fate, who had fought in its battles, or contributed
of their means to the cause of its freedom; and some
of these men were at this very period high in the coun-
cils ofthe nation, and even occupied places of great
importance in the Convention [which framed the Con-
stitution] itself. They had been made citizens ofthe
States in which they resided by the State power of
naturalization, and they were in every important
sense Americans."
"The people," therefore, who framed the
Constitution of the United States were of the
white race exclusively, their only point of dif-
ference being the period of time at which they
had emigrated from Europe. No other ra.ee is
