4160
TSE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
July 25,
nam, Burt Va« Ham, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward.
Welker, Wentworth, Williams. James F. Wilson, and
Stephen J\ AVil.sor)—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Bover, Kldridge,
Finek, Glossbrenner, Anron Harding,Hogan, John-
son, Kerr, ho Blond, Marshall, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Stronse, Tabor, Nel-
son Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, arid Wright—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M.Ashley,
Baldwin, Baxter, Beamswi, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke. Cobb,
Cook. Cooper, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Dom-
ing, Denistm, Dixou, Dodge, Donnelly, Doinont,
Farnsworth, Goodyear, Grider, GrinneU, Griswold,
Hale,Harris, Henderson, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard,
DemaS Hubbard, John IIVHubbard, Edwin N. Ha-b-
boil, Humphrey, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kuykendail,
Latham, Longyear. Marvin, MeCuIlough, Mclndoe,
MeKee, Moorhead, Moulton, Newell, Noell, Orth,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy. Radford, Alexander
II. Riee, Rogers, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stilwell.Thayer.FraneisThomas, John L. Thouias,
Upson, Warner, Blihu B. Washhiirne, Henry D.
Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn, Whaley, Windoin,
WiuUeld, and Woodbridge—58.
So the motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. LE ULOND. Will the minority report
be printed with the majority report?
The SPEAKER. Both reports, together
with the evidence, will be printed in the regu-
lar number; but in reference to the extra num-
ber it will depend on the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing, if the minority report had
been made eleven days after the majority re-
port, perhaps it would not be printed With the
majority report.
MllS. ANN E. S5I00T.
The next business on the Speaker's table
■was an amendment of the Senate to House bill
No. 422, for the relief of Mrs. Ann E. Smoot.
widow of Captain Joseph Sraoot; which was
concurred in.
WILLIAM P. WING ATE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 123, in relation
to the settlement of the accounts of William
P. Wingate, collcel.or at the port of Bangor,
Maine; which had akcady been read a first
and second time.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope we will have some
explanation of the joint resolution.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The resolution is
explicit. It provides that as certain goods
(molasses and salt) were imported by I'isk &
Bale, Josiah Towle, and Morse & Co., and
hold in bond at the custom-house in Bangor,
Maine, on the 2d of May, 180-3, and were on
that day released and withdrawn upon pay-
ment of the duties imposed thereon prior to
the enactment of the joint resolution of April
29,1804, the collector not theu havingreceived
official notice of such enactment; and as the
said collector is now charged with fifty per
cent, additional to the amount already paid
upon the goods, and claims to hold the im-
porters to pay the same to him, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall be authorized ami
directed, in the settlement of the accounts of
William P. Wingate, collector at the port of
Bangor, Maine, not to exact from him the pay-
inrtit of the additional duly of fifty per cent,
imposed by the joint resolution of April 29,
1SG4, on tho merchandise withdrawn for con-
sumption by the parties on the 2d of May,
180*t, and to order tho cancellation of the sev-
eral bonds given by the importers in the above
cases. Tho facts recited are all as stated.
On the 24th of April, 1804, the duties on
imports was increased titty per cent. The de-
cision of the Secretary was that it went into
immediate effect, so there was no time to with-
draw goods in bond. An act was passed by
which the time was extended. In Now York,
Boston, Philadelphia, and at all the principal
ports the goods were withdrawn. That act pro-
vided, if paid, the money should be refunded to
the importers. The notice did not reach the
collecter at Bangor until the 4th of May, and
these goods were withdrawn on the 2d of May.
When the notice had come to the collector the
bonds had been canceled and the amount of
fifty per cent, charged against tho collector.
A resolution was passed in February, 1865,
intended, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] and other members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will remember, to
relieve cases of this kind, but the Secretary of
the Treasury did not understand it to thatextent
and instructed tho collector at Bangor not to
enforce payment, but to allow the parties to
come to Congress for relief. It has been exam-
ined and reported unanimously by the Com-
mittee on Finance of the Senate. It has been
fully explained to one of the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope it will be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. There
are a good many cases of the kind, and it ought
to be carefully examined.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I agree to that, pro-
vided they have leave to report at any time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. They have that
power.
Tho SPEAKER. They have power to re-
port at any time for commitment only; it will
require unanimous.consent to report at any
time. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none, and it is so ordered.
GENERAL HOSPITAL.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table was Senate bill No. 214, to incorporate
the General Hospital of the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the previous
question.
The bill was read. It constitutes Joseph
Henry, James C. Hall, Amos Kendall,Thomas
Miller, Richard Wallach. George W. Riggs,
Grafton Tyler, Henry D. Oooke, D. W. Mid-
dleton, Charles Knap, Benjamin B. French,
James C. McGuire, Charles II. Nichols, Wil-
liam B. Todd, William Gunton, Edward Simms,
and Thomas Young, and their successors in
office, a corporation and body politic, under
the name and style of the Directors of the Gen-
eral Hospital of the District of Columbia, to
have, purchase, receive, possess, and enjoy any
estates in lands, tenements, annuities, goods,
chattels, moneys, or effects, and to grant, de-
mise, and dispose of the same in such manner
as they may deem most for the interest of the
hospital; provided that the annual income from
the same held by such corporation shall uot
exceed in value the sum of $25,000.
Section two provides that the said corpora-
tion shall have full power and all the rights of
opening and keeping a hospital in the city of
Washington, for the care of such sick, wouuded,
and invalid persons as may place themselves
under the care of the said corporation.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to explain to us a little about this
§25,000, the object of it and what relation it
has here ; whether the hospital is a side-show,
or whether it is the other way.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I believe it is the other
way. [Laughter.] I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage.
Mr. CONKLING. I am not the only mem-
ber who desires an explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest that we passthe
bill the other way. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose the gentleman.
makes that motion, and we will vote on it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The only object that
these corporators have that I know of is char-
itable, to take care of the sick and wounded,
or such of them as are disposed to put them-
selves under the charge of the hospital. This
$25,000,1 believe, isaiimitation upon the value
of the real estate.
Mr. CONKLING. It is the annual income,
as I understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report
that part.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the annual income from the same
held by such corporation shall not exceed in value
the sum of $25,000.
Mr. TRIMBLE. If the gentleman can es-
tablish a charitable hospital for that much
money I do not see any objection. [Laughter. ]
Mr. CONKLING. This corporation can
hold any amount of property. The only re-
striction is that the annual rent which they real-
ize shall not exceed $25,000. The gentleman
whoStands sponsor for this bill says that $25,000
is to be the limit of the value of the real estate.
Why, sir, they can bold under this bill five
millions of real estate, but their income must
not exceed $25,000 per annum. I think that
is an extraordinary proposition.
Mr. BINGHAM. Strike out "annual in-
come."
Mr. DAWES. Amend by providing that
the proceeds shall be applied exclusively to
the support of the hospital.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Has this corporation au-
thority under this bill to do anything else?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It has not.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to have
that provision in the bill pointed out which
requires this corporation to have any hospital
at all, large or small. I cannot find it. It is
entirely optional; the corporation may estab-
lish a hospital if they choose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not suppose it is
the business of Congress to impose upon any
number of gentlemen, no matter how philan-
thropic they may be, the duty of opening a
hospital for the sick in the District of Colum-
bia, but if they see fit to do so and ask to be
incorporated for that purpose with limitations
wliicb confine the operations of the corpora-
tion to that specific business, and no other, I
have no objection to it, and I suppose no hu-
mane man in this House has. That is all this
bill proposes. They are limited to $25,000 so
far as the value of the property is concerned,
and I have accepted an amendment to insert
after the proviso containing that limitation,
these words: "and the property held by said
corporation shall be devoted exclusively to the
purposes of such hospital."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the property is limited
to $25,000, of what earthly use is that to estab-
lish a hospital? It would not be capable of
containing a half dozen invalids.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, if a half
dozen gentlemen will take care of a half dozen
invalids, I have no objection. It is a voluntary'
proposition on their part.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It will require more than
$25,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. They may not be able
to get more.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is there anything
in the bill which will prevent this corporation
engaging in any other business undec the cor-
porate name given in this bill, and receive
compensation therefor—investing money in
real estate, for instance, or anything else?
Mr. DAWES. There is a corporation known
in Massachusetts by the name of the General
Hospital. It loans money all over the State.
It has a little hospital somewhere in Boston—
for its own use, it is suggested—and it is one
of the largest money corporations in Massa-
chusetts. I was led to suspect that there was
some such thing as that covered up in this bill
because of the similarity in name. The bill
does not require these parties to devote the
real estate which they are permitted to hold to
the purposes of the hospital, nor the income
therefrom.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I see the necessity of
the amendment. I was not up to the Yankee
way of doing these things until the gentleman
from Massachusetts informed me. 1 will have
the bill read again, and then demand the pre-
vious question. *
Mr. WRIGHT. The reason the gentleman
wants this bill passed is he is anticipating his
fate in November next. ("Laughter. 1
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh!
The bill was again reported as amended.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Will the gentleman
yield?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield to no one.
