1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
4161
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
On the motion to lay on the table there were—
ayes 55, noes 40.
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas an 1 nays were ordered.
The question being taken on laying the bill
on the table there were—yeas 49, nays 49, not
voting 88 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Baker, Barker,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell, Boycr, Broomall,
Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Dawes, Driggs, JScklcy,
Eggleston, JSiiot, Farquhar, Ferry, Abncr C. Hard-
ins, Holmes. Ilotchkiss, Ilulburd, Julian, Kelley,
Kerr, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Marston, MeClurg, Miller, Morrill, Morris,
Paine, Price, William H. Randall, Bitter, Sawyer,
Schenck, Seofleld, Shellabarger, Stevens, Stokes,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Wentworth, J ames F. Wilson, and Stephen F.Wil-
son—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baxter, Bergen,
Bingham, Bromwell, Buckland, Cobb, Oullom, De-
frees, Delano, Donnelly. Eldridge.Finck, Hart,Higby,
Chester I). Hubbard. James 11. Hubbell, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kasson, Ketcham, Kuykendall,
Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich. Loan, Lynch, Maynard,
MeRuer.Mereur.Moorhead, Moulton, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Perham, Raymond, Ross, Shanklin, Strouse,
Taber, Nathaniel <-.f. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Ward, Welker, Woodbridge, and
Wright—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Bcaman, Biaine,
Blow, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Cook, Cooper, Culver, Darling, Davis, Daw-
son, Deming, Denison, Dxxon, Dodge, Duniont,
Farnsworth, Garfield. Giossbrenner, Goodyear, Gri-
der, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Har-
ris, Hayes,Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John It. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey. Jones, Kelso, Laflin,
Longyear, Marshall, Marvin, MeCullough, Melndoe,
MeKee. Myers, Newell, Noell, O'Neill. Orth, Patter-
son, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Alexander II. Riee, John II. Rice,
Rogers, Rollins, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Kmith, Spalding,
Starr, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas. Trowbridge, Upson, Warner, EhhuB.Wash-
bnrne, Henry I). Washburn, AVilliam B. Washburn,
Whaley, Williams, Windom, and Winiield—88.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
negative; so it is not laid on the table.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand lor the previous question upon the
passage of the bill as amended.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 387) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending 30th June, 18C7, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 480) to provide for and
to regulate the weighing of exports, and for
other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 775) to establish certain
post roads.
washington counts' 5jorst5 railroad.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 380, to incorporate the
Washington County Horse Railroad Company,
in the District of Columbia; which was read
a first and* second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL obtained the floor.
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] will yield to me for
that purpose, I will move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill until December
next. It may be well that this bill, or some
other like it, should pass; but certainly we
cannot give to a bill of this length the consid-
eration that it deserves at this time. Now, so
far as I could understand this bill from its
reading, it lacks one feature which I think this
House ought to require to be inserted in every
bill of this kind. I refer to the mdrndual-
39'rri Ooxg. --N'o .
liability clause, which, so far as I could un-
derstand the bill, is omitted.
Mr. MILLER. _ "What has individual liabil-
ity to do with a railroad company 1
Mr. LE BLOND. It ought to have some-
thing to do with it, if it has not.
Mr. CONKLING. It does not make them
liable for anything.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose it would be
too much to ask the House to consider this
bill at this time, and therefore I move that it
be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
metropolitan club of washington.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 393, to incorporate the
Metropolitan Club of the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] yield to
mo to olfer an amendment?
Mr. BINGHAM. With all respect to my
colleague. I hope the gentleman will not yield.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield.
The previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Upon that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, to lay the bill
upon the table; and upon a division there were
—ayes 51, noes 43.
So the bill was laid on the tabic.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY (at nine o'clock and forty-five
.minutes p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
washington temperance society.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 424, to incorporate the
Washington Temperance Society, of the city
of Washington, District of Columbia ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. WARD. I call the previous question on
the third reading of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the bill on
the table. '
Mr. CONKLING. Let the bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
The question recurring on ordering the bill
to be read the third time,
Mr. WARD called for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
circuit court 01? west virginia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution S. No. 133, to change the
place of holding the terms of the circuit court
for the district of West Virginia; which was
read a first and second time.
It provides that the terms of the circuit court
for the district of West Virginia, heretofore
held at Lewisburg, in the county of Greenbrier,
shall be hereafter held at the city of Parkers-
burg, at the time now fixed by law.
The joint resolution was ordered' to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON^ of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of collectors of customs.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 400) entitled "An act to fix
the compensation of certain collectors of cus-
toms, and for other purposes;'' which was read
a first and second time. •
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the bill
be referrred to the Committee of Ways aad
Means.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. On that motion I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
pacific railroad, southern route.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 20) entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the States of
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific coast by
the southern route."
The SPEAKER. _ This bill has been read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, reported back
by unanimous consent, and placed upon the
Speaker's table. The question is on ordering
the bill to a third reading.
Mr. PRICE. I call the previous question.
Mr. CONKLING called for the reading of
the bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, but
before he had concluded,
Mr. ALLEY moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at ten o' clock and five minutes p.m.) adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under the
rule and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. 0RTII: A petition from citizens of Indiana
on the subject of national insurance.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 26, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 24th instant, informa-
tion in relation to tho probable cost of con-
structing a railroad on the route described in
the charter of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company; which was ordered to lie on the table.
reports of committees.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
3£>4) for the relief of William Croswell, reported
arecommendationthattheSenateagree thereto,
port oe calais.
Mr. MORGAN. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 795) to authorize the entrance and
clearance* of vessels at the port of Calais,
Maine; and I ask to have it considered at once.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
allow the Secretary of the Treasury to author-
ize, under such regulations as he shall deem
necessary, the deputy collector of customs at
Calais, Maine, to enter and clear vessels and
perform such other official acts as the Secre-
tary shall think advisable.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
