1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEi
mentioned in the Convention. The only con-
sideration given to the negro was as a slave in
those sections regulating the slave trade and
establishing the three-fifths rule of representa-
tion. To claim for the negro the position of a
citizen of the United States is to violate the
whole spirit of the preamble to the Constitu-
tion which made the United States a nation.
NEGRO VOTE A NEW QUESTION.
To amend the laws of this District and of the
State of Maryland so as to admit the negro race
to the exercise of sovereignty with the people
of this Union is a new question, and one which
demands the gravest consideration in face of
the history of this country, where the negro has
been an inhabitant for as long a period as the
ruling white race—an inhabitant, but not a cit-
izen of this Union. The negro should never be
allowed to vote in this District until the major-
ity of the whole people of this Union shall have
passed their judgment upon his fitness to hold
so great a power at the seat of Government.
The present is not, in my opinion, a proper
time to urge this amendment upon the people
for their judgment. The comparatively turbu-
lent and distracted condition of the southern
States just reorganized under the proclama-
tion of the President, the conflict between the
white and black race which public discussion
would create, the hinderanceto a fair discussion
consequent upon the absence of an established
press, the exclusion of the representatives of a
large portion of the people of this Union from
the floor of Congress, and the partisan charac-
ter of such legislation, all tend to put the pas-
sage of this amendment in the category of those
public acts of which Hamilton speaks in allu-
sion to the "society in which the stronger fac-
tion can readily unite to oppress the weaker.''
Whatever may be the merit of negro suffrage,
the attempt to force it on the country at this,
or any future period, in hostility to the existing
opinion of the people of the whole Union, can
only be successful through violence and despot-
ism. For a majority of this House to ignore
the expressed will of the people of this District
is tyrannical and contrary to the spirit of the
Constitution and the Declaration of Independ-
ence. Then the warning voice of De Tocque-
vi'lle, who wrote so many truths in regard to
democracy in America, may be fulfilled. lie
says:
" If ever the free institutions of America are de-
stroyed that event may bo attributed to the unlimited
authority of the majority, which may at some future
day urge minorities to. desperation and oblige them
to have recoui so to physical force. Anarchy will be
the result, butitivillhavebeen brought, about by des-
potism.''—Democracy in America, vol.1, p. 317.
PLEA OF NECESSITY.
The necessity must be absolute and impera-
tive which forces a representative democracy
to change the established law and custom regu-
lating the right, to vote. None of the arguments
presented by the advocates of this measure es-
tablish any such necessity. The power of the
Government never was greater, never so safe,
never so honored at home so respected abroad.
Her disbanded volunteer army and navy tell a
glorious story of victory, of peace, strength, and
security. The skill of her sons in the art of war,
the devotion of her daughters in works of charity,
the clemency, sagacity, and fearless patriotism
of her Chief Magistrate, are the happiest guar-
antees of the future blessings which, as a na-
tion, we may hope to receive and maintain.
The majesty of the law uuiversally meets with
the ready homage of a free and enlightened
people. The minister of religion is welcomed
everywhere as the harbinger of a tolerant and
pure faith. Every class and color of men are
secure of equality before the law, and no dan-
ger threatens the full and harmonious enjoy-
ment of civil and religious liberty throughout
the Union. The slave is free, and the freed-
man fully protected. The reorganization of
social and political society, which the late war
threw into chaos, is rapidly and satisfactorily
taking place. "Her ways are ways of pleas-
antness, and all her paths are peace.'' '! There
is no one to make ns afraid." Our commerce
is again spreading her giant arms, in search of
great gain, over every sea and land. - The busy
marts of men have renewed their hum of eager
and restless enterprise. The dominion of the
people is secure, and the Union is safe in their
hands. Whatever evil the future may have in
store, certainly the present is without danger,
discord, or apprehension of harm. Why bring
a new and inexperienced race into the now
compact and homogeneous people by extending
the right to vote to the colored man 1
SAFETY.
The advocates of this amendment in regard
to the colored vote in this District urge that the
safety of the Union demands the extension o#
the franchise to the negro.
Hon. Michael Hahn, ofLouisiana, in a speech
delivered before the National Equal Suifrage
Association of Washington, on Friday, Novem-
ber 17, 1865, says :
*' Fellow-citizens, while wo strive to secure the ob-
ject we hare in view—the right of suffrage to all Amer-
ican citizens, regardless of color—we must overcome
obstacles and difficulties of a serious character which
still beset us, and the continued existence of which
may threaten to prevent our immediate success. It
is necessary, in beginning our work, to see that sla-
very throughout theland iseffcctually abolished, and
that the freedmen are protected in tlieir freedom, and
in all the advantages and privileges inseparable from
the condition of freedom. It is a mistaken idea to
supposo that slavery is already abolished. The na-
tional authority has declared emancipation. The
national arms, in a bloody contest against slavery,
have triumphed. The legislation and-literature of
the country treat slavei-y as abolished. But I, who
come from the South, and have seen the working of
the institution for over a quarter of a century, toll
you—and I do it rcgrettingly—that slavery in prac-
tice and substanoe still exists."
And again:
" ' The right of the people to keep and bear arms'
must be so understood as not to exclude the colored
man from the term 'people.'"
And again:
" The only question which now seriously divides the
country is that of suffrage. Let us, in healing up old
soros and putting our houso to order, be generous, just,
and patriotic, and now, for all time to come, dispose
of this question in accordance with the principles of
huluanityaiid tiue lepublicangovernment. _ Thcglo-
rious eharacler of flic results to be accomplished, the
futureharmonyofallscctionsof the country and classes
of the people, should induccns to enter the contest tor
this principle cheerfully, energetically, and boldly. As
long as this right is denied there is no poace in tho
land."
And Hon. B. Gratz Brown, in an address de-
livered at Turner Hall, St. Louis, Missouri, Sep-
tember 22,1865, on universal suffrage says :
"Safety was destined to spring from the people."
Again, he says in the same speech:
" Subjection of ono race to another, a homogeneity
of institutions, can only come of equal rights to all
classes, and until there is aliomogcneity there will be
discord between the sections, threatening renewed
civil strife."
Again he says, page 10 of the same speech,
speaking in behalf of universal suffrage :
"Have I not, then the right to invoke in the cause of
universal suffrage all the heroism which this war of
liberation has called forth, and all the stern rcsolvo
that such noble sacrifice and so great suffering has
put into the heart of the people ? An equal freedom
is tho only refuge from an antecedent slavery, uni-
versal suifrage the only remedy for disasteis that fol-
low from subordinating and disfranchising a race and
incorporating it in a free community.
" A new era has come that disconnects us from the
traditions of that condemned policy. Let us avail our-
selves of it by insisting that universal suffrage shall
be the monument ot universal freedom in all the after
time."
IIou. Charles Sumner, in a speech delivered
before the iiepublican Stai e convention in Wor-
cester, Massachusetts, September 14, 1805, "on
the national security and the national faith,"
says:
"Neither tho rebellion nor slavery is yet ended.
The rebellion has been disarmed, butthat is all. Sla-
very has been abolished in name; but that is all."
NATIONAL SECURITY.
And again:
"Indemnity we renounce: but security we will have.
This is the one thing needful.
And again:
"As the national peace and tranquillity depend es-
sentially upon the overthrow of monopoly and tyr-
anny, here is an other occasion for a special guarantee
against the whole pretension of color," * * *
" It is only impartial suffrage that 1 nowclaim, with-
out distinction of color, so that there shall be one,
equal rule for all men. And this, too. must be placed
under the safeguard of constitutional law."
And lastly the secret of ail-this, fear is given
as follows:
"Another speaker, less frank, thought it Dolley.to
accept tho present condition of affairs, until the con-
trol of the State is restored into tho hands of its people
and ' to submit for a time to evils which cannot-he
remedied,' And still another, much more wily, when
urging a seeming acceptance of the Union, thus lured
his brother conspirators: ' If we act wisely we shall
be joined by what is called the Copperhead, party, and
even by many of the Black Republicans. Such is
the plot, and such is the disastrous afliancft plainly
foreshadowed. But, thank God 1 in encouraging Ms
comrades, the conspirator has warned us. I?orewame4
is forearmed. , ' ; '
The claim to all the privileges of an-Ameri-
can citizen was easily to be foreseen as a conse-
quence of the policy which made the negro a
spldier during the war against rebellion. The
right to secede involved our destruction* and
forced this Government to destroy secession
by abolishing slavery. The rebels, in plotting
treason, exposed themselves to the counter-
plot of abolition, whereby the Union counter-
mined the confederacy and blew up their whole
work in a ruin even greater far than they had
prepared for us. How far the arming of the
slave against his master may be justified ceases
to be a question of debate while civil war in-
augurated by the master threatens the existence
of this Union. But the enlisting the slave as
a soldier in the armies of the Union was, in
my opinion, unnecessary and unwise. It was a
step beyond what was consistent with our sys-
tem of government. Taking a step further
and more hostile to society and government, the
advocates of negro equality urge now that the
rank of soldier invited the hope, if it did not
imply the promise, of equality as a citizen in
just reward for sharing the dangers of war. I'
have always opposed the enlistment of negrde/r
or their race in the armies of the Union on a,n
equality with the white man. But it does hot
follow that the negro is entitled to a vote as an
inalienable right, nor does it follow of right
because the Administration, during a civil war
of great magnitude, under the plea of military
and political necessity, employed him in her
armies as an instrument to win his own free-
dom.
It seems to me, sir, that freedom from sla-
very and equality before the law are as full a
reward as we can justly grant the negro for his
recent service in arms. The right to vote car-
ries with it too many and too weighty responsi-
bilities to be ranked in the same class with pen-
sions and bounty money, the only reward of a
large class of white Union troops. The black
laborer in the recent field of blood is undoubt-
edly worthy of his hire; but he is not entitled
to become the equal of his recent white master in
the loyal States, nor to receive a greater reward
than his white fellow-soldiers in the Union ar-
mies. Nor do I think tho equality of the negro
has ever been fully and fairly admitted even by
the Administration which made use of him dur-
ing the late struggle. The organization of the
colored troops in the Army of the United States'
was as laborers, and not as soldiers. The
course pursued by the late President was evi-
dently intended to avoid the responsibility of
pledging equality in peace to negroes who had
shared the dangers of war.
I deny that any obligation rests against this
Government to do anything more for the negro
than has already been done. On what meats
doth this Ca;sar feed that he has grown so
great? The white soldier did as much work as
he, fought as well, died as bravely, suffered in
hospitals and in the field as well as he. More
than this, the white soldier fought to liberate
the slave, and did do it. The white soldier
did more: he fought to preserve institutions
and rights endeared to him by every hallowed
association; to overthrow the rebellion of his
brother against their Commonwealth and glori-
ous Union j to preserve the sovereignty of the
people against the conspiracy of a slave aristoc-
racy, if you will; to maintain the fabric of the
Government built by their fathers for them and
their race in every country of kindred men who,
down-trodden and disenfranchised, look to this
country as a sure refuge. The white soldier
fought as a volunteer, as a responsible, free, and
