3202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
reviewing the scenes through which we are pass-
ing, cannot fail to remark the extreme of mercy
and leniency which characterizes the course
which the victor has seen fit to adopt toward
those who have been guilty of such great and
aggravated crimes.
A different policy from this is urged upon
our people, one which contends for the im-
mediate and unconditional admission to seats
in Congress of the so-called loyal Representa-
tives upon their simply taking the official oaths,
insisting that the suppression of the rebellion
restores the rebel States to the same rights they
possessed before the rebellion. This to my
mind is most mischievous and suicidal, and
would be a premium for treason instead of a
punishment of traitors. It would increase the
political power of the South to the extent of
thirteen members of Congress and presidential
electors, thus endangering the freedom of the
former slave, the payment of our national debt,
and the pension we pay to our disabled sol-
diers and to the widows and orphans of the
war.
A policy so detrimental to the best interests
of the nation should find no supporters among
those who have been strugglingagainst treason
and traitors for the last five years. The fact
that it counts among its supporters the whole
tribe of reconstructed as weil as unpardoned
rebels, together with those who sympathized
with them in their hellish attempt to destroy the
Government, is of itself (were there no other
reason) sufficient to deter all patriots from
giving it the least countenance and support.
Should the Thirty-Ninth Congress have sanc-
tioned this policy, instead of receiving the
hearty support of the country, its members
would in all coming lime be regarded as the
betrayers of public liberty.
The issue is, then, fairly and squarely pre-
sented to the American people by these respect-
ive policies for their adjudication, and resolves
itself into this single question: shall those who
saved the Republic or those who tried to destroy
it be permitted hereafter to shape its policy and
control its destiny?
With these guarantees, obtained from each
of the late rebel States prior to granting them
the right to assist in legislating for the coun-
try, we shall have such guards and cheeks as
will effectually prevent the accomplishment of
wrong, were it, ever meditated. The best pre-
ventive of evil in every position of life is to
remove the power to do evil. Having thus
agreed upon the proper guarantees, our next
duty is to provide such legislation as will carry
them into effect.
On this subject there ought to lie but little, if
any, diversity of opinion. There may lie some
difference among us as to the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] to the joint resolutions of the select com-
mittee. I shall favor the adoption of this
amendment.
It provides substantially that when any one
of the States recently in rebellion shall have
adopted the constitutional amendment which
we have submitted to the several States for rati-
fication, the Senators and Representatives from
such State, if found duly elected and qualified,
after having taken the oaths of office required
by law (including, of course, the lest oath) may
be admitted into Congress as such. This prop-
osition, to my mind, is fair and reasonable,
and not justly obnoxious to any serious objec-
tion.
It is feared by many that a State recently in
rebellion may , after ratifying such amendment
and thus obtaining representation in Congress,
rescind, repeal, or annul such action before it
shall have become a part of the Constitution.
According to my interpretation of the Consti-
tution, whenever the Legislature of a State has
once ratified a constitutional amendment which
has been submitted by Congress to the States,
such action is absolute and irrevocable. The
language of the Constitution on this subject is
direct and explicit. A constitutional amend-
ment, whatever it may be, is submitted for
ratification," and for ratification alone. The
language is not in the alternative, "for ratifi-
cation or rejection." Should the Legislature
of any State reject such amendment, the legal
effect of its action would be the same as if 110
action whatever had been taken in the prem-
ises, and the same or any subsequent Legisla-
ture of the State can proceed again to the
consideration of the subject, and this the Legis-
lature can do ad infinitum, until such action
results in a ratification. When once ratified,
then the power of the Legislature over the sub-
ject is spent, exhausted, terminated, and can-
not be reversed or recalled. The act is accom-
plished, and in the nature of things becomes
irrevocable, because the subject has then passed
beyond the further control or jurisdiction of
the Legislature.
Why is this so, and whence the difference
between this and an ordinary legislative act
which is subject to modification, change, or re-
peal? For the simple reason that it is not a
legislative act in any true sense of the term.
In acting upon proposed constitutional amend-
ments the Legislatures of the several States
derive all their authority from the national Con-
stitution and the action of Congress under the
Constitution, and for the time being they are
invested with the sovereign power of the peo-
ple of their respective States. Sovereign power
only can alter or amend the fundamental law
of the land ; that is, the people alone, acting
through conventions, can under our political
system change their constitutions, State or na-
tional, except where a different mode of amend-
ment is prescribed by the instrument itself.
Where a different mode is prescribed, then the
body thus authorized to act assumes a sovereign
capacity, but is limited in its action by the ex-
press terms of the Constitution conferring such
authority ; and herein it differs from a conven-
tion emanating from and representing the peo-
ple for the purposes of general amendment and
change of the Constitution, such convention
being unlimited in its authority over the sub-
ject. I11 all other respects the Legislature of
a State is acting under and by virtue of the
powers conferred by their local constitution;
but here is an exceptional case, notarising un-
der nor conferred by a State constitution, but
by virtue of a power created and conferred
upon them by the national Constitution. This
jiower is simple and direct, and must be exer-
cised within the express terms of the grant,
which is not to reject, but to ratify an amend-
ment. A rejection co nomine is simply a refusal
to ratify, and has the same import and none
other than a neglect to act at all. It will not
be contended that a neglect to act at any time
deprives the Legislature or its successors, how-
ever remote such succession may be, from
afli rmativeaction thereafter, and the same result
follows a negative action or refusal to ratify or
a so-called rejection of any proposed amend-
ment.
Thus an amendment may be proposed to the
several States in I860, and the State of Indi-
ana, for instance, may refuse any action until
the year 1870, at which time she may refuse
to ratify, and may designate such refusal by the
name of rejection, still no one will contcnd that
the Legislatuie for the year 1880 is at all pre-
cluded from any action in the premises. There
is 110 action in contemplation of the national
Constitution by any Legislature in this respect
until such action is affirmative in its character,
and results in the ratification of the amendment
submitted.
_ Again, I have already stated that a ratifica-
tion by any Legislature is in its nature irrevo-
cable. Thisresults from the peculiarity of our
institutions in this respect. When the Consti-
tution was formed and adopted by the Conven-
tion it was submitted to the several States then
forming the Confederation, and it was provided
that "the ratification of the conventions" (in-
stead of the Legislatures) 11 of nine States shall
be sufficient for the establishment of this Con-
stitution between the States so ratifying the
same." This, then, was of the nature of a*com-
pact or agreement, and so with all amendments
to the original Constitution, and binding upon
each individual State when ratified by it. Let
me not be misunderstood at this point. I do
not contend that the ratification of a constitu-
tional amendment by a single State makes such
amendment binding upon that particular State
before it shall have been ratified by the requi-
site number of States. Not at all. My posi-
tion is, that such ratification is binding upon
that State only so far as to prevent it from
receding from such ratification, and not so as
to compel such State to conform its legislation
to such amendment until assented to by a suffi-
cient number of States to make it obligatory
as a part of the Constitution. In this respect
it may be likened unto an inchoate contract
between two or more individuals. A makes a
proposition for the sale of property to B, giving
to B a certain length of time within which he
is to accept or reject the proposition. In this
case A is bound by his proposition until the
expiration of the time limited, and cannot
withdraw the same so as to defeat his liability
until B has signified his intention in reference
thereto; and when B gives his assent to the
proposition it becomes a perfect contract be-
tween the parties and equally obligatory upon
both.
So with amendments to the Constitution,
except that here there is no limitation of time
within which the several States shall act affirm-
atively on such amendments, but this fact does
not impair the validity of the compact, or
lessen its binding obligation upon any State
which may have ratified, for there being no
limitation of time, of course time does not
enter into or become of the essence of the eon-
tract. Were it otherwise no amendment could
ever be adopted, or rather would be subject to
the changing sentiment, the whims and ca-
prices of the several States to an extent that
would destroy all hope of any amendments
ever being adopted.
The several States in the very nature of things
cannot act simultaneously upon any proposed
amendment; one State must almost of necessity
take action before another, and thence await
the action of other States. Will it be said that
while thus awaiting the action of others it can
reverse its own action? Suppose it be true as
contended, that it requires the assent of twenty-
seven of our States to give vitality to any
amendment. If it be said that when twenty-
six have ratified, and the twenty-seventh State
is in the act of ratifying, any one or more of
those twenty-six Statesmayreverse their action,
when or how can you ever hope for the adop-
tion of any amendment? A different position
from that for which I am contending is so neaf
akin to the doctrine of the right of secession
that .1 could not, for this reason alone, give it
my assent, without the most cogent and con-
vincing reasons, which much reflection on the
subject has failed to bring to my mind.
In the examination of legal questions we
always gladly avail ourselves'of precedents
whenever we can summon them to our aid, and
although we have in this case no direct prece-
dent on the question of the right of a State to
withdraw its assent when once given, yet our
constitutional history furnishes at least a strong
negative-pregnant against the maintenance of
such right in the fact that,the Constitution was
not adopted simultaneously by the States, but
tyat different periods, ranging from the 7th of
December, 1787, to the 29th of May, 1790, and
that during this period of nearly three years no
single State attempted to withdraw the assent
which it had given. The Constitution was
adopted in the following order of time, namely:
Delaware December 7.1787
Pennsylvania December 12,1787
AewJeisey December 18, [787
Ǫrgia January 2,1788
Connecticut January 9.1788
Massachusetts February 6,1788
Maryland April 28, ]78S
South Carolina May 23, 1788
i\ew Hampshire June 21,1788
Virginia June 26, 178*
IS. ow York. July 26, 1788 "
A orth Carolina November 21,1789
Ithode Island May 29, 1790
The first ten amendments to the Constitu-
