1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
as it would charge Massachusetts, although
Massachusetts has twenty times the wealth of
Iowa._ This is an unjust rule. When I once
inhabited the West, on this side of the Missis-
sippi. and had occasion to look to these things,
I found that Illinois might have been charged
as much as Massachusetts with less than twenty
times its wealth. Taxation should properly be
assessed on the people according to their means
to pay taxes. The amendment by the Senator
from Wisconsin meets my approbation for that
reason. lam also infavoi of the use of the term
'1 electors'' wliieli he introduced into his amend-
ment. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Siiehmax]
excepts to that, and says wc should use the
phrase "citizens."' If we do so the question
of determining who are citizens will have to be
discussed in the courts. Electors are commis-
sioned by their States. It is a plain word and
can bo understood. We do not want constitu-
tional arguments in the Supreme Court of the
United States and disputes throughout the
country to settle, its meaning. I believe that
amendment is carefully drawn and is exactly
right. I agree to the proposition that the men
who are electors shall be the persons repre-
sented in the Federal Government. I would
like to extend the provision and have them
represented both in the House and in the Sen-
ate ; but the trouble is, we cannot do it in the
Senate. If. however, Maine and Massachusetts
undertake to be too absolute, we may provide
an equivalent in some other way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. IThxniinsov] to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxeii.]
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 ask that that be read.
* Mr. CUESWELL. I ask that the original
resolution and ail the pending amendments bo
read, so that we can understand the matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All the
propositions will bo read, if there be no objec-
tion.
The Secretary read the original resolution,
as follows:
llcsolfcd bit / Xdl'tfc nn'l House of ^'utniirpx
of the Vndfd glutei of Attici ica ia Conor?s'v timetabled,
(two thirds of both JJnuses concurring.) That the fol-
lowing article bo piopo.-ed lo the Legi-latnre.- ot the
several States an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States which, when ratified by three
fourth- ot said Legislatures, shall be valid as part of
said Constitution, namely:
Ahtiols —. Ifepresentative5 shall be apportioned
anion" the several states wlueli pnay bo included
within tins Union accoidiii'4 to then re-peetive nuiii -
!k !: , <■oimtino: the whole number of per-ons ill each
State, excluding Indians not taxed: Pi uviJeil,_ Tuat
whenever the elective franchise shall be denied or
a'ji i d-ri'i I in any State on account of race or color, all
persons therein of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of lcpresentation.
The Secretary next reud the amendment of
Mr. which was to substitute for the res-
olution the following:
"Whereas it i- provided in tho Constitution that the
United States shall euaran'o to eveiy btafe in the
Union u republican form of government: andwhei eas
by reason ot the failure of certain States to maintain
governments which Cona:re--s can recognize, it has
become tho iltitv of the United States landing in the
place of iraaruntnr, whore the principal ha? made a
lap--!f\ to <-X'uro to such State*, according to the re-
quirement of theguarantee, government iei>uidican
in iuun : and whereu*. further, it is provided in a rc-
r-cnt cr>ri=tihitional ;imcndmeut that, Conjrrc^ inay
" enforce" the prohibition ot slavery by "appropriate
legislation," and it i* important to this end that all
relics ot-lavery should be removed,including all d\s-
tnctum oi nahts on account of color - ^ow.tacrefoie,
to carry out the guaianiee of a republican toini ot
go \ vi anient and to enforce tho prohibition of livery,
lit it iflcr-l hi t]i-> and floUs" oj J{cpf<'K"'ut-
aUt'<>* r,f ill'' United St<(f< ^ of Aliened in ContreKs ns-
6Cii>l*htl, That there shall be no ohgarchv, aristocracy,
ca-tc or nionopolv invented with peculiar privileges
and powers ami there shall be no denial ot right?,
civil or political, on a-eount of color or race, anywhere
within the limits of the United States: but all per-
therein shall be equal beforethe law, whether 111
the court-room or at the ballot-box. And thi* stat-
nle wade in pursuance of the Constitution, shall be
thc'vupietn^ law of the land, anything in the consti-
tution «>r laws of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing.
The Secrr-utrr next read My. Huxi^nso^'s
tv.'Ooik!ni^nt. winch was to strike out all oi the
amendment of Mr. Scmxbb, «md in lieu of it
X>, insert those words:
liiiohn.l, it'e., (two thirds of both Houses concur-
ring,) That the following artielo be proposed to the
Legislatures of the several States as an amendment
to the Constitution oi'tlie United States, which, when
ratified by three lourths of said Legislatures, shall be
valid to all intents and purposes as a pait ot tho said
Constitution, n.rmcb :
k rt(ilf 1-i. No Sfiiie, in prescribing the quabfica-
tions requisite for electors therein, shall discriminate
against any person ou account of color or race.
Mr. HENDERSON. I of course do not rise
for the purpose of debating this question any
further. I have occupied too much of the time
of the Senate already. I have been appealed
toby friends with whom I am acting politically
to withdraw my amendment. I have felt very
much disposed to do so, but upon reflection,
inasmuch as I shall be compelled to vote against
the amendment proposed by the committee and
also against the bill of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts if I were to withdraw this proposition,
it seems to me it would place me in a very awk-
ward position before tho country. I should
have withdrawn the only proposition which I
can support, and then rctused to support the
other propositions, it seems to me that inas-
much as wc feel the necessity of doing some-
thing it will leave my motives to be very much
misinterpreted. 1 believe that the amendment
I offer is the true proposition; I believe that it
is just to the North and just to tho South. I
believe to-day, as conscientiously as I ever be-
lieved anything on earth, that the southern peo-
ple themselves will be bettered by this amend-
ment. I believe that they will accept it; i feel
confident, that in (he course of a year or two
they will gladly accept it. There is no spccics
of injustice in it. They argue that tho negro
is not qualified to vote at present. They may
exclude him on account of the fact that he is
not educated and yet not exclude him on ac-
count. of race or color; but then they are com-
pelled to exclude a great many other persons
who are whites, and those whiles and negroes
combining in the course of a lew year.- will com-
pel the suffrage to be extended to whites and
black* alike.
it is the proper amendment. 1 am aware
that the Senate will vote it down now. Let
them vote it down. It will not be live years
from to-day before this body will vote for it.
You cannot get along without it. \ou may
adopt the other proposition, but the State.-, will
not accept it; the northern States in my judg-
ment will not accept it. because they wdl mis-
apprehend the meaning of it. The Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. WTi.m >",] -a holias just
spoken with a great deal of warmth, says the
object, of it is to secure negro suffrage, and he
says nine tenths of the people backing him up
to-clav intend that that shall be the result of the
amendment. If nine tenths of the loyal people
who stand at oui backs .sustaining and support-
ing us to-day believe that it ought to be done,
why not do" it directly? Why not come up
sf/uarelv and do il ■ It is right, if is fair, it is
just. The South itself cannot exist in peace
without extending modified suffrage to the
negro. and we all know it.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to sav a word '
Mr. HENDERSON. I shall be through m
a moment. Yi e are a:-kod now to admit these
southern States. The President insists and his
friends insist, my friends who sit near me in-
sist. that we must admit these States immedi-
ate! v, because now we tax them without repre-
sentation. What sort of constitutions are they
presenting to us to-day? One half of Urn peo-
ple of these States are disfranchised by them ;
and these arc the constitutions that wc arc
being asked to admit as lejmbliean in form.
They deny forever and ever all participation
in Government in these States to one halt their
people. Are the negroes to be taxed in the.
southern States for all time to conic without,
representation? Much complaint is made against
us because we do not rapidly receive 1 h ese. States
as republican in form. Vv c are complained of
for not admitting as republican in form State
constitutions that for all time to come deny
suffrage and representation to these men, and
vet eomoel them to bear the burdens oi (xov-
T say that the South in less than live
•ot coiaij
eminent.
years from to-day will be compelled to grant
to this population the elective franchise. I <k>
not ask that they shall grant it to every uned-
ucated negro; I would not doit; I would as
soon think of giving treasure to the idiot. But
if the negro is educated, if he discharges his
duties as a citizen, if lie is qualified for the suf-
frage, why not give it to him upon an equality
with ethers? If Senators believe that that is
the true rule, and they are supporting the com-
mittee's amendment for the purpose of confer-
ring the suffrage upon the negro, let us meet
the question fairly and squarely.
Mr. JOHNSON. What does your own State
constitution say? Does it not exclude the
blacks?
Mr. HENDERSON. It does temporarily.
I can stale to the Senator, however, that I am
very well satisfied that in the course of a few
years the negroes will Be granted the suffrage
in the Slate of Missouri. 1 am very well as-
sured of it; 1 feci satisfied of it; and if it be
thought necessary on this occasion in order to
give peace to the country to adopt the principle
generally—and I believe that this is a measure
calculated to do it—if it be thought by Congress
that this amendment ought to be adopted, the
present Legislature will adopt it in twenty-four
hours after you have passed it by a two-thirds
vote of tiic two branches of Congress. Missouri
will bo the first State to accept it, and to grant
her negroes the suffrage immediately. I can
speak that much, I think, for the State of Mis-
souri to-day on the floor of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNEIi. Massachusetts, too. Every
loyal State would.
Mr. .HENDERSON. I believe the States
would. Now is the time to accomplish this, it
is the only lime when it can ever be done; and
if you do not let it pass here to-day. you never
will have another opportunity. But suppose
the southern whites should cotne to the con-
clusion to accept your proposition, what will be
the consequence?" I do not speak disrespect-
fully of the amendment of the committee. I
know the able Senators who are supporting it.
They are much more worthy than 1 am; what
tlicy say is entitled to more respect in the coun-
try. "They have been longer fighting this battle
tlian [ have. What 1 say is entitled to but lit-
tle consideration, what tlicy say is entitled to
much, if they will give my proposition their
countenance and support, the people of this
countrvwill rise up en muste and say, '* If this
is to be a settlement of the question, we accept
it in good faith." Why should we not accept
it? it does justice to everybody. But if the
southern whites accept your proposition to dis-
franchise the negro in consideration merely of
the loss of political power in the House of Jtep-
resentath csand in the Electoral College in elec-
tions for President of the United States, what
will be the future ? Very much of what the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts says has proved to be
true. I can appreciate the Senator s feelings.
He lias been longlightingthisbattleof slavery,
and believes within his heart to-day that if you
adopt this proposition the South will accept it
and lessen tlicir political powei here for all
time to come, and tax the negroes without rep-
resentation by their State laws. Ail this can
be avoided and their governments may be made
republican in form and in fact. Why cannot
gentlemen rise above the trammels of party in-
fluences and do what they feel within then-
souls and consciences to be correct action?
Mr. Pre .ideut let us do it. I think the amend-
ment is right. I know it is to be defeated; but
I for one desire to cast my vote for if.
Air CONNRSS. I shall not of course  
Mr. TfS DIES. I rise to a question of order.
The Senator will pardon me tor doing it.
Mr. OONNESS. Of course.
Mr GRIMES. I understood yesterday that
the Senate made an order—I do not know
whether it was a formal order entered upon the
record or not, but, there was an o.der made
which was acquiesced in ou both side, of the
House, that at three o" clock wc should proceed
to vote upon these questions. Now, sir, nearly
an hour has elapsed in violation of that rule.
