1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2248
at a remote distance, when we have millions
of good land tying idle and uncultivated close
at hand.
X say, let us wait until the country is par-
tially settled before we talk about building
this road.
" Mr. G-RINNELL. The Illinois Central rail-
road was built when there was nobody at some
points within twenty miles of it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I was out
there at the time and know all about the
subject.
INTERNATIONAL OCEAN TELEGRAPH.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand that a message
has come from the Senate asking for a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 26, to
encourage telegraphic communication between
the United States and the island of Cuba and
other West India islands, and the Bahamas. I
move that the request be granted.'
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs Eliot, O'Neill, and Taylor
as managers of said conference on the part of
the House.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD AGAIN.
Mr. LONGYEAIl. I ask the Clerk to read
extracts from the original act of incorporation
in reply to what has been said here, and to
show that the pending bill does not make any
change with the exception of granting an ex-
tension of the time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That whenever
said Northern Pacific Railroad Company shall have
twenty-live consecutive miles of any portion of said
railroad and telegraph line ready ier the servicecon-
templated, the President of the United States shall
appoint three commissioners to examine the same,
and if it sha,U appear that twenty-five consccutivc
miles of said road and telegraph lino have been com-
pleted in a good, substantial, and workmanliko man-
ner, as in all other respects required by this act, the
commissioners shall so report to the President of the
United States, and patents of lands as aforesaid shall
be issued to said company, confining to said com-
pany the right and title to said lands, situated op-
posite to, and coterminous with, said completed sec-
tion of said road; and from time to time, whenever
twenty-tivo additional consecutive miles shall have
been constructed, completed, and in readiness as
aforesaid, and verified by said commissioners to the
President ofihe United States, then patents shall be
issued to said company conveying tho additional
sections of land as aforesaid.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That each and
every grant, right, and privilege herein are so made,
and given to, and accepted by said Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, upon and subject, to the follow-
ing conditions, namely, that the said company shall
commence the work on said road within two years
from the approval of this act by tho President, and
shall complete not less than fifty miles per year after
the second year, and shall construct, equip, furnhh,
and complete the whole road by tho 4th day of July,
anno Domini 1876.
_ Mr._ STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, this ques-
tion, like allgreatnational questions, ought not
to be discussed and is not to be decided either
by buffoonery or vulgar denunciation. There
are times and places when such things are per-
tinent. but not in the grand council of the
nation when considering a great question of
national importance. There we ought to have
the calm judgment operating upon well ascer-
tained and not perverted facts.
There are large minds that can take in the
whole of a nation. There are* small minds
that can see only the purlieus of Delaware
county or other places. What does not affect
them cannot affect the great questions of legis-
lation. There are none such here of the latter
kind. I refer to that simply as illustration.
[Laughter.] Now, let us see how we can look
over this whole nation, from the Pacific to the
Atlantic ocean, and not inquire how this par-
ticular measure affects my village or my con-
stituents alone, but how it affects this great
nation and posterity; for this is a subject
worthy to command a consideration of this
kind i and when that is done, and the facts
which have been grossly perverted by gentle-
men who have made their speeches here shall
be put right before this House, I shall willingly
leave it to the cool and sober judgment and
candid action of this American Congress, and
whatever may be their decision upon the ques-
tion I shall submit to with pleasure. I may
regret a decision that is adverse to what I deem
to be the interest of the nation, but I shall have
no complaint to make against any. None who
have fairly treated it can fairly be complained
of, for they had a right so to treat it.
In the first place, therefore, let us consider
the importance of this question. Is it as im-
portant as I have indicated? In the second
place, let us consider the liability or the risk
which this nation is to incur; whether we are
to embarrass the finances of the country, as
the heated imagination of some gentlemen
seem to suppose by this measure. For if this
is to take from other and more worthy objects,
such as the compensation to our soldiers and
sailors, and especially our one-legged soldiers,
[laughter,] I certainly shall expect no man to
vote for it.
In my judgment it is the most important
measure ever presented to an American Con-
gress, and it is one in which the most good
can be conferred upon this nation and upon
posterity with the least possible risk.
But before I enter upon that view I will take
up a few of the preliminary objections, so that
the brush being cleared away we may build
more firmly upon a solid foundation.
Our distinguished friend from Illinois [Mr.
WemtworthJ thinks there are no records, no
by-laws of this company. Now, I know that
people as far out West as Chicago arc not to
be expected to enter into the light Kterature
of tho Bast, and Vead tho matters connectcd
with tho.grcat western railroads, and therefore
I do not wonder that my friend had no knowl-
edge that a book called " tho Northern Pacific
Railroad Company and its Charter and Organ-
ization," which I hold in my hand, containing
the charter, the by-laws, and the original
organization of the companv. existed.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me a word?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I 'appeal to every
member present if I did not call for the records;
if I did not ask gentlemen to send them to the
Clerk's desk and have them read; and no one
dared to offer any. No one has said to me
that there were any, although I have repeat-
edly asked for them, and would be glad to read
them.
Mr. STEVENS. _ Mr. Speaker, I admit my
delinquency in not immediately answering the
gentleman, but I am very much opposed to
interruption. If the gentlemen will allow me
[presenting a copy] I will respectfully tender
a copy to him now. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. Thank you,sir; much
obliged. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. STEVENS. Now, Mr. Speaker, that
little book in which there is grand reading for
youthful minds, shows the original charter and
by-laws of the company, and a subscription
of $2,000,000, with tho payment of ten per
cent. The date of the organization of the com-
pany is December, 1864, in the village of Bos-
ton, [laughter,] and ajl the directors' names
are there set down. As to these gentlemen,
who are named as commissioners their duties
were long ago discharged, my friend knows.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman,
as he has sent me his book, allow me to quote
it to him ?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
.Mr. WENTWORTH. It has been publicly
stated in this House that one of the Smiths
living in Vermont was president of this road.
This book which is sent to me as official au-
thority ought to state the truth, and here I see
that Mr. Perham is president.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to finish the record by comments?
Mr. WENTWORTH. You sent me this as
the record.
Mr. STEVENS. I sent you the commence-
ment of it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Send me the true
one, the last edition. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. That is the commence-
ment of it, and that shows that there was a
thorough organization of that company. A
very ardent friend of this road, who had spent
at least eight years of his life before he com-
pleted the grant by obtaining this charter, was
made president of it—Mr. Perham, a man as
honest as ever lived. He believed he was ca-
pableatthe time of carrying itthrough without
anything further, but his health failed him,
or I believe verily he would have gone, like
those who drummed up from house to house
through New England, and obtained subscrip-
tions enough to have built it. His health failed
and he was obliged to give way. He found he
could not attend to it. The time was passing
round when he was obliged to commence it.
He was applied to by a party of men for the
purpose of purchasing the franchise, and if he
had been what gentlemen suppose everybody
connected with this institution is—a swindler,
a robber, a speculator—he would have taken
their bonus and given them the franchise; but.
like an honest man, he refused it. And I send
to the Chair now a letter from the present
president of the road in answer to a letter of
mine.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Commissioner's Office,
•Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
No. 253 P Stiu.et,
"Washington, 3). C., April'la, 1866.
B'rar Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge re-
ceipt, of yours of this date inquiring:
1. Whether the Northern Pacific railroad has been
legally organized, and when and whether any report
has ever been published b> the company.
2. Whetherthere hasbecnanychangc in the board
of diiectois since the first election, and when and
who now constitute Ihe hoard, and their 1 osidences.
3. Whether anything was paid or agreed to be paid
by the new directors as a bonus or otherwise for the
change of management.
4. Whether anything, and what, lias been done by
the present board toward obtaining funds to build
the road.
1. In reply to the first inquiry I would state that
on the 7th day of December, 1864, the company was
organized in accordance with the provisions of its
charter, as appears by the report of tho company,
which I send accompanying this. The record of this
organization, before the gentlemen now composing
the board of directors were elected, was submitted to
tho examination of gentlemen of high legal position
in the city of Boston, and their opinion given that
the proceedings were regular and the organization
legal and complete.
2. In reply to the second inquiry, the following
gentlemen compose the present board of directors:
J. Gregory Smithv St. Albans Vermont; Onslow
Stearns, Concord, New Hampshire; George Stark,
Nashua, New Hampshire; 11. I). Bice, Augusta,
Maine; Edward S. Poley, Boston, Ma^actlusetts;
George C. Richardson, Boston, Massachusetts; James
C. Converse, Boston, Massachusetts; Benjamin P.
Cheney, Boston. Massachusetts; George II. Gordon,
Boston, Massachusetts: Frank Puller, New York;
George Briggs, New York; Philander Iteed, New
York; L. I). M. Swett, Portland, Maine.
The last three were members of the old board. The
others were elected on the 5th day of January last.
3. In reply to tho thiid inquiry I would say: the
change in the board of directors was effected at the
solicitation of the members of the old board. The
charter had been held by them for over a year, and
thc.v had been unable to secure the confidence of
capitalists, or to obtain the funds necessary to justify
the commencement of the work by tho time limited
in the charter, July 2,1866.
Finding themselves unable to enlist the confidence
of capitalists in this country they opened negotia-
tions in the autumn of 1865 with tho president of a
company representing a largo foreign corporation,
to become the purchasers of the franchise of this
company, with a view to make it a portion of aline
then existing, which should be extended across the
continent. This proposition, as I have been in-
formed, remained open till Jannaiy, 1--.G0, this com-
pany. however, retaining the right to adopt other
measures in tho mean time to insure the construction
of the joad.
Pending those negotiations with the representa-
tives of this foreign corporation the subject was pre-
sented to the consideration of leading capitalists of
New England and other parts of the country, and
they were strongly urged to engage in the enterprise,
anil thus save it either from utter failure from want
of funds or fiom passing into the control of foreign
capitalists.
The subject received a favorable consideration at
the hands of these gentlemen, and they manifested a
willingness to bccomc identified with the enterprise,
provided the management of the company could be
placed in the hands of gentlemen whom they mignt
select, and in whom they had confidence.
Tho gentlemen now composing the new directors
were selected by capitalists of Boston and elsewhere
to take the management of the company.
The new board were asked to relieve the old board
from the legal liabilities of the eompany, for some ot
