m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
fore mentioned—-that the right of franchise is n cither
more nor less thaathe right of self-government, as
exercised through apaxtieipation in the common gov-
ernment of all—shows that if it be not anatural right,
it ■will be difficult to say in what a natural right con-
sists. Indeed, it is, perhaps, the most natural of any
of our rights, inasmuch as it is the denial of all right
to personal liberty; for how can such a right exist
wheo the right to maintain it among men and the
.spftioties of men is denied? Again, if the right to
sharo in flie government over us is not inherent, from
whence does it come? Who can give therightto gov-
ern another I Arid how can anyjgi ve that b o has not
pot ? Society is butthe aggregate of individuals, and
ft its authority represents only the conceded limita-
tions on all—not any reservoir of human rights; oth-
erwise it would vary with ©very changing association.
Still, again, if the right of a man, as regards govern-
ment,' can be divested, either by himself or govern-
ment at will, then government has no limit to its
rightful tyranny. It may divest not onlyono man,
hut a hundred or athousand; indeed, why not all but
th9 chosen few or the imperial one, thus arriving
logically at oligarchic or despotic rule?"
"Now, a franchise is a political grant of a
rjght, and not a natural right. I repeat it in face
of the above avowal to the contrary. The right
to vote is a right to will a certain thing. What
is that thing ? A political duty, a political right,
if you prefer the term, if the will is exercised
on political subjects; fixed by law in some
States, done in a different way in different
States. The manner of exercising this political
right is the ballot, or by ostracism, or viva
voce, or by showing of hands, or by dividing the
House, as in Congress and Parliament. .Rep-
resentation is neither a cause nor a consequent
of the right to vote. Voting is as old as the his-
tory of man. Representation in government is
a modern system, and was never known in any
Greek republic; not even in Athens, which was
a pure democracy. It was unknown in liome.
The_ right, to vote is therefore simply a political
or civil right. A vote is a form of expression
whereby men give utterance to their will. To
say thai this particular form of expressing the
wiU is essential to independence over all the
other forms of declaring and maintaining inde-
pendence by a vote, is to subject the will to a
formula and destroy independence, which is ab-
surd. To give the form of a vote to those who
are devoid of a will, or ignorant of its uses, is
unnecessary, unjust, and fatal to freedom. The
honorable gentleman, in my judgment, puts the
form for the spirit and the love of independ-
ence; the desire to vote understandingly for
the manner of doing so, and confounds repre-
sentation with the right to vote, which are dis-
tinotthings, and not consequent. Nations have
been enslaved while in the full enjoyment of
the most liberal forms of government. Demos-
thenes tried in vain to.fire the Athenian heart
against the Macedonian king. Yet a free exer-
cise of the right to vote banished Demosthenes
from Athens, and Greece was enslaved by Philip
arffl his son, leaving all the outer forms of fran-
chise in full force from the Demos up to the
Amphietyonic Council.
There are many inalienable rights. But there
must 1)0 an equivalent force of will and strength
of body to establish the claim to an inalienable
right. One individual right seems to be that do-
minion which man has over every beast, of the
field. And when Peter was bidden to rise and
slay and oat, lie had full authority to attack the
lion_, or the bear, or the elephant, of which act
of his there is no record. So 1 take it, each man
on this floor has an equally inalienable and a di-
vine right, if yon prefer the term, to get his liv-
ing out of the first wild beast he may chance to
meet. But the beast may claim the equally in-
alienable right of self-defense and eat the man.
Sir, the inalienable right of the negro to vole
must be asserted and maintained by himself in
order to be a valuable and even a safe posses-
sion. _ He must become a democrat in the pure
and simple sense in which the white race un-
derstand, interpret, and practice it.
WHITE DEMOCRACY.
White democracy does not mean man wor-
ship, hero worship, centralization of power, im-
perial one-man power, it is the very opposite
of all this. The individual is absorbed in Hie
mass, and finds safety in the commonwealth.
White democracy denies to one man any hered-
itary right to dominion, and asserts the exclu-
sive sovereignty and instructive wisdom of the
masses. White democracy uses its heroes for
the people.
White representative democracy founded, in
1776, cemented union for the people with its
blood in solemn compact against the hered-
itary, usurping aristocracy of the white race in
ail the world, because it was resolved no longer
to be ruled by that aristocracy of their own race,
and feared no other race. White democracy
declares this Union to be made for the people,
not the people for the Union. White democ-
racy makes war on'every class, caste, and race
which assails its sovereignty or would under-
mine the mastery of the white working man, be
he ignorant or learned, strong or weak. Black
democracy does not exist. The black race have
never asserted and maintained their inalien-
able right to be a people, anywhere, or at any
time. The black race may have petitioned for
their inalienable right, but these petitions es-
tablish nothing. The blacks have mutinied
against authority, have formed and carried out
successful insurrections, but they have never
established a democratic principle. They have
made successful imitations of revolutions in
Hayti, and having once begun a revolution they
have been revolving in space around a central
despotism, a chaotic mass, ever since. They
have developed just force and freedom enough
to overthrow the white race, a minority in their
midst, and by perpetual persecution of that white
racc have kept themselves in a condition of
posse. The proof the blacks of Hayti and the
West Indies generally furnish of their capacity
for self-government seems to be this: they have
learned how to make revolutions. But the prin-
ciple underlying democracy is peace, perma-
nence, self-contained energy for the develop-
ment of civilization by a people themselves,
without foreign aid or the meretricious aid of a
central despotism, oranyoftlie seductive phases
of monopoly and protection, or aristocracy.
Toussaint L'Ouverture, so much quoted by the
negro-worshiping orators, embodied a negro's
pure and simple notion of government when he
conceitedly wrote to Napoleon the First and
Great, '' Toussaint L' Ouverture, first of blacks,
salutes Napoleon, the first of whites." The Same
expression might be majestic in Napoleon and
was undoubtedly true of Toussaint L' Ouverture,
but would have been fetal to the reputation of
Washington, fertile reason that his political the-
ory and practice recognized the equality of his
fellow-citizens, one to another, and of each to
himself. It would have exposed him to universal
ridicule for assailing the principle that the ruler
is the servant of the people, the distinguishing
feature of the white democracy of this Union.""
WHITE DEMOCRACY A HOMOGENEOUS RACE.
Itisnotathingofto-day, nor of yesterday, but
belongs to the history of our race, not only on
this continent, but throughout the world, long
before. Democracy in Europe and democracy
in America may not be identical in practice nor
equal in their developments, but their origin is
one and the same, and can be traced by the annals
of" our race running through all the eras of our
civilization, from the Germanic tribes, from the
Gothic hordes, from the Italian republics, from
the Gaul, the Saxon, and the Celt, down to the
period of the hegira ofthe people to America, in
the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, to es-
cape from the dominion of church and state, the
hated aristocrat and intolerant bigot of his own
race and color. Every European tribe, race, and
nation, mingled here in common cause, for civil
and religious liberty, against the ruling classes
of the Old World. Maryland was a refuge for
the English Catholics against the Protestant,
and brought toleration with them; .Rhode Island
was the refuge of the Protestant persecuted by
his fellow-Protestant and Puritan brother ; Mas-
sachusetts was the refuge of the Englishman
from the tyranny of a political party in England;
South Carolina was a refuge of the Frenchman
from the tyranny of a political party in France;
Delaware is the western home of the Swede ;
New York was the republican outpost of the
Dutch republic in their life-long struggle for
independence against the empire of Charles V
and bigotry of Philip II—a republican colony,
founded by a republic in the wilderness of the
western world, to carry on the war of popular
right against kingly power,intolerance, and com-
mercial monopoly. Her people still cling to
those great dogmas of our political faith, and
stand true to the principles of public and private
right established by that heroic republic of Eu-
rope which has defied for ages alike the raging
of the sea and the wrath of the tyrant with fear-
less dignity and untiring industry. The history
of this country is the history of our race—the
white race. The principles of our Government
a.re peculiar to that race in contradistinction to
the African, the Asiatic, and the aboriginal
American. Sir, if you doubt this to be a white
man's Government, traverse once more the prai-
ries and staked plains across the continent to the
Pacific shore, from Oregon to Utah; and if still
in doubt, travel on to the shore of Australasia
and ask there if the dominion of sea and land is
not claimcd and held by the white race against
all the other sons of Adam.
DOMESTIC EQUALITY ANTECEDENT TO POLITICAL.
If any one denies these propositions, let him
seek to establish social equality in his family
between the black and white race. The result
might prove a success, and may meet with final
cooperation from the fair sex and the democ-
racy of the nursery. But. I doubt it. Certainly
the more simple relations of domestic life should
be harmonized; if not to a thorough eradication
of all existing prejudice, at least to the same
extent as now exists in the domestic relations
of the different races of European extraction
now united in private and public by every tie
which can make a nation homogeneous.
PREJUDICE.
The advantage to the advocates of this amend-
ment, which would follow the experiment of do-
mestic social equality between the black and
white races is incalculable. The first victim to
the experimentwould be prejudice, than which
no greater obstacle stands in the way of equal-
ity before the law and the full exercise of all
the rights of the black man as a voter at the
polls, or here as a Representative. But until
a large portion of the prejudice be removed by
conviction and sound reason, we are bound as
legislators to take it into consideration. Pre-
judice is to the mind what nerves are to the
body. It gives impulse to thought and direction
to judgment. We feel through our prejudices
whatever is mentally offensive or pleasant. It
is unreasoning, prompt, perhaps unjust, but de-
cisive. Prejudice in the masses is equivalent
to the experience of the philosopher or the
quick perceptions of a woman. Prejudice is
stronger than opinion, because very few think.
There are more prejudiced people than reason-
able people. This is practical and plain. Hu-
man nature in politics is no way different-from
human nature in every-day life.
The friend of negro suffrage in a democracy
must consult the sentiments of the people. The
instinct of the masses is always right. But
prejudice is one of the elements of every hu-
man being, and is a good element; otherwise it
would not hold so high a place in the category
of man's characteristics. And I urge domestic
intimacy between the advocates of negro suf-
frage and the candidate for negro suffrage, to
remove any unfavorable existing prejudice. In
the mean time the enemies to the amendment
will watch the process and cling to their preju-
dice in favor of the white race as the dispensers
of power through the ballot. We respect the
intense prejudice which preserves our race in
its purity, vigor, and supremacy. It is not un-
just, far we propose to give the negro equality
before the law, and abolish the remnants of
slavery now declared unconstitutional by the
constitutional number of States of this Union,
We are willing that the negro should have every
protection which the law can throw around him.
but there is a majesty which "hedges in a
