2©4£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
■which they had become personally holden, and to
make immediate provision for the more pressing of
these claims. An arrangementwasaccordintfly made
by which the new board stipulated to provide the
means to pay sneh liabilities as were justly due from
the company to an amount not exceeding $150,000.
This agreement has, so far as iny knowledge ex-
tends, been faithfully executed. There wasno bonus
required, and none in any form paid/or agreed to bo
paid, for the surrender of the franchise, nor for any
transfer of the management, nor for any purpose
whatever.
4. In reply to the fourth inquiry, I would say that
immediately after assuming the duties of their ap-
pointment, and with a view to save the charter and
provide the means for the early prosecution of the
work, the new directors conferred with leading capi-
talists and financial men of the country, asking their
opiition as to the probable prospect of obtaining the
necessary fund upon the stock ofthecompany based
upon the land grant.
- The uniform opinion of financial men was, that
with the amount of securities upon the market offer-
ing a more desirable investment, it would be impos-
sible to obtain the funds nccessary to justify under-
taking the work. The result of this consultation was,
that if the Government would lend its aid in some
form of guarantee for a limited period, the stock
would acquire a value, and capitalists would thereby
be induced to invest, and the work might be under-
taken with confidence in the ability of the company
to prosecute it with vigor and economy.
To raise the funds for this purpose, and to afford a
basis of crcdit with which thecompany niay construct
its road and thus develop not only its own resources
but in a much higher degree the wealth of the coun-
try, we ask the temporary aid of the Government in
the present form, confidently believing in the ability
of the company to repay fully all that may be ad-
vanced by tho Government, not only in kind but
many fold in the incidental benefits which will result
to our common country and to the world.
I have the honor to be, dear sir, very respectfully,
your obedient servant,
J. GREGORY SMITH,
President Northern. Pacific Railroad.
Hon.thadbehs Stevens, II. C.
Mr, WENT WORTH. Allow me to ask a
question. I -understand that there are two
bills before us. This subject comes before us,
therefore, in two shapes. The gentleman is
speaking to one of these bills, if lie means
tho substitute, that substitute says three fourths
of the directors shall bo American citizens.
Now, then, if tho other quarter can bo British
capitalists they can own the whole of the stock.
They can let Americans in as stool-pigeons
and runit as an English institution.
Mr. STEVENS. L understand tho gentle-
mail's question to be an argument.
Mr.\v~ENT\VORTIL An argument based
on which way you answer the question.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, if the gentleman
cannot dccide that for himself, I will take it
into consideration and give him an answer at
another time.
Mr. Speaker, that letter dispels most of the
scandal, most of tho fiery denunciation of the
two gentlemen from Illinois, [Mr. Wentwouth
and Mr. Wakhbiirne,] and still more that of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano.] It
takes from them, 1 think, tho whole of the
basis of their remarks.
E desire, however, before I proceed farther,
to call upon the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Basics] to say if he is acquainted with
some ol' these men and what are their char-
acters.
Mr. BANKS. I would rather not answer
now. ] propose to speak on the subject, and
would like to say a few words at the close on
that subject.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well. T will give the
gentleman an opportunity before the expiration
oi my time.
Having shown who the present corporators
are, men I will venture to say, from what I
have learned from good authority, who arc in-
ferior to no set of men in the United States for
energy and for skill in railroading, or for honor
and integrity; having shown that this corpora-
tion is a true and vital corporation, let us pro-
ceed to inquire whether the object is worthy of
the bill which we hare before us.
I confess, sir, with some degree of humilia-
tion that until it became my duty, two years
ago, as chairman of tho Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to examine thoroughly into
this question, I was in a deplorable state of
ignorance with regard to the great interests of
the Northwest to be affected by this project.
I knew less about it if possible than some of
these gentlemen who are now opposing the
road. [Laughter.] But, sir, I did devote con-
siderable labor; I waded through all I could
find on the subject; the explorations of Lewis
and Clark, the surveys of General ^Stevens,
down to the latest and most interesting explo-
rations of Captain Mullin.
I there learned, what I have hoped all know
but what I was late in learning, that there was
in those Territories land enough uninhabited,
where scarcely a white man's foot had ever
trod, to make eleven States, each equal in size
to the State in which I reside, and that of those
eleven States eight at least would each contain
more arable land and land more fertile than
the great State of Pennsylvania. It is true that
in some of them there are many mountains,
that there is much barren land ; but not more
in proportian to the whole area than there is
in Pennsylvania and Virginia. And those very
mountains, like the mountains of my own State,
arc the mo^t interesting and valuable portions
of the whole territory. My own State, filled
with coal and other minerals, is very hilly and
mountainous. Yet those very barren hills,
every aere of them, are worth more than five
tiraes the number of acres in the grand val-
ley in which I reside, and which is the most
fertile and grain growing, I believe, of any in
the Union.
And so it is with the very broken land, which
is not arable, in the Territories to be traversed
by this railroad. Those barren hills are filled
with still more valuable minerals. Gold is
yielded, not only in the sands of the rivers
according to the Scriptures, but it is also found
in the solid rock, and silver is found there in
veins, pervading a larger portion of that terri-
tory than any other portion of the United States.
And if I have not allowed my imagination to
delude my judgment I declare to you that I
believe this is the richest mineral region upon
the face of the globe, and that it contains more
solid acres of gold and silver and cinnebar and
the other precious metals than any other like
portion not only of the United States but of
tho world. I may be mistaken, but 1 challenge
those who have read and examined the author-
ities to contradict me by known facts, and not
by any imaginary statement of facts.
Now, there is northward qf the forty-fifth
parallel of latitude, and south of the British-
American line, territory sufficient to make
more than eight States, each equal to Penn-
sylvania, more than an average portion of
which, a great deal more than an average
portion of whichj compared with the State
of Pennsylvania, is arable and fertile land. I
had supposed that it was a barren waste until
I had informed myself, as I supposed it to be
my duty, by examining the subject. But I
find that the soil is more fertile than that of
the beautiful garden spot of my own county,
although that is highly cultivated. Along the
Rod river settlements, wherever the country
lias been opened, to the Selkirk settlements,
spring wheat will produce at the rate of sixty
bushels to the acre, a, thing unheard of in
Pennsylvania and in most of the States of
this Union. The smaller kind of corn will
yield from sixty to ninety bushels to the acre,
and in grass the country is not rivaled by any
portion of this Union. Now, 1 assert I am
giving no overdrawn picture, unless those who
have dwelt there for years, and who are my
guides, have misled me.
Now that is a country that is wholly unsettled.
And that is the season urged by my most re-
spected friend from Illinois [Mr. Washbubjte]
for not building this railroad ; the country is not
settled, is not developed. Hence, I suppose
he_ thinks it never should be. Sir, it is because
it is not settled that I am in favor of aiding the
construction of this railroad. These v^ery rail-
roads are in modern times the great civilizers,
the great means for promoting the population
of a country.
_ And roads were used for this purpose in an-
cient times, though not railroads operated by
steam. Rome built her solid roads which have
stood until this day, her Appian and other ways,
leading from her great city to her provinces so
that people might be induced to settle there,
because of the means afforded therfi to bring
their products to market at small cost.
And what has really settled the great State of
•Illinois but her system of railroads, her means
of communication with the Atlantic sea-board,
where her people can find a market? Who
would have gone there had their products been
given no opening to market, her corn worth
but ten cents per bushel, and cheaper to burn
as fuel than to transport to market? When
markets are opened where products will realize
'a fair price, people will settle there rapidly.
And one of the main objects 1 have in moving
this substitute is to settle this country along
this road. Give to this railroad the means of
living for a little while, of commencing to draw
her breath until she reaches a vigorous youth,
then she will go on herself and pay her parents
allher expenses; and she will people this whole
country.
Mr. Speaker, I happen to know the fact that
a part of the scheme of this company is to
bring into that region forthwith from Europe
immigrants, first as laborers to build the rail-
road, and second as settlers on the land, which
they will purchase as payment for their labor.
A gentleman of Boston, one of the men named
in this bill, one of the largest shipping mer-
chants in the United States—I need not men-
tion his name—informed me that he was along
making preparations-to send a line of vessels
to the north of Europe, to bring from Ger-
many, from Norway, from Scotland, this very
season, a large number of immigrants to settle
upon that land, the climate of which is con-
genial with that in which they were raised and
which they prefer; so that if this bill should
pass it would not only be the means of securing
the construction of this railroad, but it would
establish a line of packets which would popu-
late that country with the hardy freemen of the
north of Europe, men who will always be upon
the side of freedom, who will always be ready
to aid us in any rebellious outbreaks which
may come upon us from other quarters. Sir,
God grant that we may soon fill up that country
with such a population that, with the people
of the great North, may be a counterpoise to
the rebellious South, whose representatives
when they come here will never permit us to
do anything which may interfere with their
projects. Sir_, you must carry out this grand
measure now if you are to do it ever.
And, sir, when you thus fill up that grand
country, what have you done? You have fur-
nished for this nation the productive industry
of millions. You have furnished for the prod-
ucts of the manufacturing portions of the coun-
try an outlet to that great region. God grant
that men who represent here the great manu-
facturing States, such as my own, where the
loom and the anvil and the spindle are heard,
may fully realize the bearings of this question,
and understand how by voting against this
measure from merely captious and narrow con-
siderations, they assist to crush their own peo-
ple and the interests of the nation.
But sir, by the passage of this measure, we
not only help to fill up that country with a pop-
ulation o_f which I doubt not we shall be proud,
but we aid in establishing across this continent
a great thoroughfare between India and Asia
and the millions of Europe. None of th'e &veat
thoroughfares of communication with Asia or
India ever carried half the wealth that would
be carried upon this grand thoroughfare, start-
ing not simply from Boston or Portland, but
.starting from Philadelphia, from New York,
and every enterprising sea-port of the country
and extending in the direction I have men-
tioned.
By such a measure as this, sir, we bind to-
gether our nation, because by it the countless
millions which would soon swarm into that
western world would be united by bonds of
interest—of affection I hope, but certainly of
