3204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
more than he now asks, because ho has not
only performed the extra services for which
this payis asked, but has performed other ser-
vices independent of his duties as messenger.
I assure the House that according to all the
testimony given this is a case of very great
merit, and one that ought to receive the sanc-
tion of this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts when this ser-
vice was rendered, and when the demand for
payment was made.
Mr. ALLEY. I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman that it was performed
for several years.
Mr. BINGHAM. When was the demand
for payment first made ?
Mr. ALLEY. About four or five years ago,
I think.
Mr. BINGHAM. When was the service
rendered?
Mr. ALLEY. Some six or seven, or per-
haps eight years ago, I believe. This service
was rendered, and the Postmaster General was
asked to allow compensation for it. He de-
clared his willingness to do so, but he had
some doubt as to his authority in the matter,
and referred this claimant to Congress. Mr.
Gordon went to Judge Coli.impr, who was at
that time chairman of the Post Office Commit-
tee in the Senate, and told him all the circum-
stances of the case. J udge Collamer said to
him, "Gordon, this is a very clear case and
you ought to receive your pay—all that you
demand and a great deal more. When I was
Postmaster General," he said, "I paid for
such extra services ; and if i wore now Post-
master General I should pay you for this extra
service. Go to the Postmaster General and
tell him that I say ho ought to pay you for this
extra service." Gordon said that he did not
like to do that, for he is an exceedingly mod-
est mail. He never said anything to Post-
master (icneral Blair in reference to the mat-
ter. When Judge Blair had retired from the
Post Ollice Department,, the present Post-
master General said that in view of the action
of the previous Postmaster General he desired
that Gordon should make his application to
Congress, expressing his willingness to rec-
ommend the payment of the claim. Hence
this man came before our committee and asked
us to report this bill, giving as a reason why
Jiffhad not insisted upon payment before that
he thought tins expenditures of the Govern-
ment were very heavy during war times, and.
that as long as ho could manage to live with-
out it he would not press the demand, though
lie had a very large family and needed the
money very much.
Mr. rilOWiUMDGE. I desire to make an
inquiry of the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Ai.i,ky.] The bill, as I understand it from the
reading at the desk, goes back as far as. the
1 ostinaatcr Generalship of Mr. Campbell, some
Sixteen years ago. Does the bill provide that
this man shall receive extra pay for all the
time since? The gentleman speaks as if this
set vice.; had been rendered continually from
that time to the present.
Mr. ALLEY. This service has been ren-
dered for several years. I do not know exactly
when it commenced ; hut as I understand the
bill, and if 1 am wrong my colleague upon the
committee will correct me, it leaves it, to the
Postmaster General to pay such sum as in his
judgment shall be deemed equitable and right.
Mr. BINGIIAM. For what length of time?
_ Mr. ALLE\ . For the length of time dur-
ing which the service has been performed.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does anybody know how
long?
Mr. ALLEY. So long as the service was
performed, whether for a longer or for a shorter
time. The claim is of a character which ought
to be paid, and I say that the length of time is
no reason why compensation should be cut off.
Mi-. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Will
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fakquhar.1
yield to me a moment?
Mr, FARQUHAR. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not wish to say anything in reference to this
particular case; bat I do say that because
extra services have been performed by clerks
or other individuals it does not necessarily fol-
low that Congress should provide payment by
special legislation. It will be recollected that
formerly it was left optional with the heads of
Departments to settle all claims of this kind ;
but at a later date Congress, by a general law,
provided that no extra pay should be allowed
for extra services of this kind. Why was this
general law passed? Simply because it was
deemed proper that each individual employed
in the different Departments of the Govern-
ment should be held responsible for the dis-
charge of the duties specially devolved upon
him, and that he should not be called away
from his regular duties to perform service for
which extra pay would after ward be demanded.
This was the reason which influenced Congress
in passing the general law providing that it
should not be legal for the heads of Depart-
ments in any ease to allow pay for these extra
services. Hence arises the necessity for parties
making claims of this kind to come in here and
ask special legislation. There are, I doubt
not, a hundred cases of this nature before dif-
ferent committees of Congress, cases in which
it is claimed that extra compensation should
be granted on account of extra services per-
formed. It is provided by a general law that
pay shall not_ be grauted for these extra ser-
vices, yet it is now proposed that by special
legislation we shall annul the provisions of that
general law.
Mr. ALLEY. I think my colleague is mis-
taken in that particular. That law does not
apply to such cases as this.
Mr. WASIIB GRN, of Massachusetts. This
very same question has been before our com-
mittee in some half dozen cases; and the rea-
son given for presenting such claims to Con-
gress was that the general law did not permit
the heads of the Departments to make allow-
ance l'or such extra services. The law is spe-
cific.
Mr. ALLEY. The general law provides, as
I understand—and this was the opinion of
Judge Collamer and the reason why he told
this man to apply to the Postmaster General—
that, these employ6s in the Departments can-
not be required, during their regular hours of
duty, to perform, other service than that per-
taining to their position, and that when they
perform duty outside of office hours they shall
not, receive extra compensation where their
salary is $2,500 per annum, or more. This
case does not come under that law, because the
salary received by this man does not amount
to $2,000 per annum. In addition to that these
services were performed outside of office hours.
This man has been kept on duty till a late hour,
night after night, week after week, month after
month—I might say year after year. lie has
been engaged sometimes till nine or ten o'clock
in the evening; and sometimes he has been
obliged to be on duty upon the Sabbath.
Mr. \\ ILSON, of Iowa. With the consent of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fabqchak, ]
I desire to ask him a question.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Before yielding to the
gentleman I ask that the bill be again read.
The Clerk again read the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Indiana, who has re-
ported this bill, liow much money it will author-
ize the Postmaster General to pay to this
messenger.
Mr. BINGITAM. And for what number of
years ?
Mr. FARQUHAR. I will answer with pleas-
ure. It will allow the Postmaster General to
pay this man for the term of office of Mr.
Campbell, and no longer, not exceeding the
sum of §250 per year.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the bill say that ?
Mi. FARQUHAR. Yes, sir5 the gentle-
man will see that it does if he will read it care-
fully.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I was led
into a mistake in reference to the bill by the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Alley,] the chairman of the committee;
for he bases this claim upon the amount of
labor this messenger has had to perform out
of office hours during the administrations suc-
ceeding that of Postmaster General Campbell.
But it now appears that what is proposed is
that we shall compensate this man l'or extra
services rendered as a messenger during the
administration of Mr. Campbell. We are asked
to go "back, I do not know how many years—
some sixteen, I am told—and pay to this mes-
senger some $250 a year extra for labor stated
to have been done out of office hours. Now,
we must remember that at that time living in
this city was very much cheaper than it is now;
and yet many messengers are now living on
the same amount of salary that was paid to this
man at that time. This man could then save
money out of his salary ; but 110 man could do
that now on a salary of §750 a year.
It is proposed to go back and pay him for
that time this extra compensation, leaving him
to receive only this regular salary during the
administrations which have succeeded. I think
we should not establish a precedent of. this
character. I venture to say the estimate of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wash-
bufx,] that if this be passed it will bo fol-
lowed by one hundred like it, is not within one
twentieth of the number that will be presented.
Should this case pass we will have these claims
swarming here as the war claims did from all
the southern States until the resolution was
adopted reported by the gentleman from Ohio.
[Mr. Delano,] chairman of the Committee
of Claims. I think we should refuse to pass
this in order that the employes of the Govern-
ment having these old claims may understand
they will not receive favor at the hands of
Congress.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no
objection to this claim in consequence of its
merits or demerits; I do not propose to sav
anything about its individuality, but 1 do object
to it 011 the ground ofthe principle which will
be established if this bill be passed.
I understand this is a proposition to remuner-
ate a party who was in office some sixteen years
ago on the assumption that the services he ren-
dered were worth more than the law provided
for his salary. That is the claim. Here was a
distinct contract to do work for a specified price.
The work has been done and the sum has been
paid, hot the party claims more. Now, how
many of the judges of your highest courts can
come here and ask with a better grace and
a stronger claim an additional sum to their
salary. So when you establish this principle
you open a field for pouring out the treasure
of the nation to an extent the magnitude of
which you do not conceive. You will not find
applications limited to persons in the Post
Office. They will come from the Treasury
Department, from the War Department, from
the Army, from the Navy, from every Depart-
ment of the Government. They will show' you
clearly they ought to have had more than they
received. Unless, therefore, you have a Treas-
ury that has no bottom, unless you have a ca-
pacity for taxation which has 110 end to it, you
must not establish this principle, and espe-
cially at this time, when we all know the na-
tion is groaning under a debt of necessity, a
debt^ that must be met, a debt that must be
provided for. I am astonished there is not a
more general anxiety to see that this debt is
not enlarged. What has been said by a col-
league of mine on the committee is true in all
its length and breadth. We, of the Commit-
tee of Claims, have been certainly repudiating
all claims resting on a basis like this. It is
time for the House to pause—
Wo must not rend our subjects from our laws.
Ana stick them incur will. Sixth part of each?
A trembling contribution! Why, we take,
a °im vvery trec  lop  bark, and part o' the timbur;
And, though we leave it with a root, thus hacked,
JLhe air will drink the sap."
We ought to look to it that we do not enlarge
our already heavy taxation. I do not speak
