4164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
affidavits. Then letters were produced here in
the Senate and read in the presence of the
Senate, and there was no alternative in that
case bat for the Senate to make some investi-
gation. But in this case there does not seem
to be anything upon which to base any charges;
but blindly it is proposed to refer to the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary these credentials. Now,
Mr. President, I have a very slight acquaint-
ance with the gentleman who is sent here to
represent Tennessee; and I am not influenced
in the slightest degree by any personal consid-
erations to him ; but it seems to me that it is
very important that we should not in this in-
stance establish an improper precedent, and
one that may come home to our own cases in
the course of a few years. The State of Ten-
nessee is entitled to representation upon all
the precedents that have been established in
this body in the past. If we discover that she
is represented by a wrong man, a man who
ought not to have taken the oath, then let
some gentleman make charges against him,
and let those charges be referred to the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. 110 WARD. Mr. President, the Senator
from Iowa would allow the applicant in this
case to take his seat before any inquiry is made
into the question of fact whether he is qualified
to take his seat here and act with us under the
law of 18b2. It seems to me that the Senator
from Iowa overlooks the act of 1802, prescrib-
ing the oath of office in all cases. Let me call
his attention to it.
Mr. GRI MES. T am perfectly familiar witli
the act, and I should like to hear the evidence
that brings this gentleman within the act; that
is all.
Mr. HOWARD. The statute declares:
" That here;! IV'r every person elected or appointed
to any ottico (if honor or proiil.under the Government
of the United States, either in the civil, militaiy, or
n.'ivnI departments of the public service, cxccptthe
Prei-uU'nt of the United States, hllatt, bclbre entering
upon t!io duties of -neh ofiiee, and before being en-
tilled to any of thesalary or otheremoluments thereof,
take and subscribe tho following oath or affirmation."
He is not, under this aet, entitled to sit and
vote here at all, although his credentials may
he entirely formal and sufficient «/«<:;<!, if
it be the laet I hat he has exercised or sought to
exercise any ollicc under a government in hos-
tilily to the Government of the United States.
That, preliminary fact is first to be ascertained
and established befoie he has the right to take
his seat here. In ordinary eases I am quite
aware that on the presentation "of formal cre-
dentials hero the Senator-elect is allowed to
take his seat, and the question as to his quali-
fications under the Constitution is referred, if
a question of that kind be made, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and in the mean time
he sits and votes and acts here until that ques-
tion is determined ; but that is not the present
case.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable Sena-
tor permit me to ask whether before that aet
was passed a Senator could vote or take his
seat hero without taking the oath prescribed
by the Constitution of the United States, and
what difference there is?
Mr. HOWARD. Of course he could not
take his seat or vote here before the enactment
of this statute unless he took the oath pre-
scribed by the Constitution. That was a pre-
liminary step; but the aet of 1802 requires
something more of a preliminary character
before he can take his seat and aet here. It
declares that before he shall enter upon the
discharge of his duties he shall take this oath,
and I insist that the facts implied by the oath
if they are disputed—and they are disputed in
this case; I dispute them myself—must be
ascertained and decided upon by the Senate.
Now, sir, I am informed from sources for
which 1 entertain great respect that this gen-
tleman cannot truthfully take the oath which
is prescribed by the act of 1802, and if he can-
not he ought not to be allowed to take his seat
or to vote at all until that question is deter-
mined.
Let us adhere to the statute we have passed
and not evade it by allowing a gentleman to
take his seat here as to whom the truth may
turn out to be that he was not able truthfully to
take this oath, and, therefore, had no right to
take his seat at all. It seems to me that such
a step leads to a very manifest absurdity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that either course
might be pursued in regard to the admission
to his seat of the gentleman who presents him-
self at the present time from Tennessee. The
practice of the Senate has been entirely uni-
form. On the presentation of a proper cre-
dential, prima facie, the gentleman is entitled
to be sworn in. That has been the general
understanding of the Senate ; but that prima
facie case may be overcome. The Senate con-
sidered that it was overcome in the case of Mr.
Stark, alluded to by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. No objection interposing, as a mat-
ter of course a Senator is sworn in on the
presentation of his credentials, without any
reference to a committee. In legislative as-
semblies where all the members come together
for the first time, where there is no organized
body to decide upon the right of any of the
members to seats, it ig a necessity that the
body must organize on the prima facie papers
of the members. The Senate, however, is
somewhat differently constituted; the Senate
is always organized; it is a permanent body,
only one third of its members going out of
office at any one time ; two thirds are always
in office; hence there is not the same necessity
which prevails in bodies where all meet to-
gether upon a common footing, none having
yet been qualified ; and it is out of that neces-
sity that the rule 1 imagine has been adopted
that the person haung the credential is to be
sworn without any further question : otherwise
you never could organize a legislative body at
all, as there is no one to decide as to other
questions. Now there is a manifest impro-
priety in this. It often occurs in legislative
bodies ; it has once or twice in the House of
Representatives at the present session, that
members who have ultimately been decided
not entitled to seats have sat for months and
voted upon the most important questions. Of
course that is an evil; that is not right, that,
ought not to be; and if there was any way of
avoiding it it would not be. It can be avoided
in the Senate, because this being a permanent
body and being always organized, there is no
such absolute necessity to swear in a person
presenting the prima facie case. We are or-
ganized without, that; but the general practice
in the Senate has been when a party presented
a prima facie case to allow him to be sworn.
Now, what is this case? I think that Mr. Pat-
terson on the presentation of his credentials is
entitled to be sworn as a member of the Sen-
ate, unless now something has occurred that
makes it proper that he should not be sworn.
What has occurred?
The Senator from Michigan says that he is
informed that the gentleman who presents him-
self as a Senator cannot take the oath which is
required before he is entitled to take hfe seat
in this body. To put the case strongly, not
intimating or supposingor believing that any
such case exists in this instance, suppose that
a known and avowed instigator of the late
rebellion; to make the case more palpable, sup-
pose Jefferson Davis himself were to be sent
here as a Senator from the State of Missis-
sippi; or as he is, I believe, in confinement,
take the case of the rebel vice president, and
as Stephens has been elected a Senator, that is
a case we may well imagine; suppose he were
to present himself here to be sworn as a Sen-
ator, what should we do? The Senate and
the country know, we all know, that Mr. Ste-
phens was engaged in a rebellion against, the
Government of the United States, and that if
he took this oath in which he declared that he
had not been, it would not be true. Now, the
Senate would not sit by and with the knowl-
edge, every one of us, that this was false we
would not permit a man to come here and take
such a false oath as that. A judge of a court
would not allow a witness to go on to testify
to that which was palpably false right in his
presence. He would stop him, and the Sen-
ate in such case as that would not allow the
person to take the oath.
I do not think we could justify ourselves in
permitting a person to commit a crime of that
character in our presence when we knew he
was committing the crime for which he would
subject himself, by the law to which the Sen-
ator from Michigan has referred, to all the
pains and penalties of perjury. We should no
more be excusable if we were to sit still and
allow a man to commit perjury in our pres-
ence when we might prevent it, than we should
if wo allowed him to commit murder in our
presence if we could prevent it. We would
not allow a man to commit murder here; if we
knew he was about to do it we would interfere
to prevent it if we could. If we knew he was
about to commit robbery or any other crime,
it would be our duty to interfere to prevent it.
If we knew that a man came here who was
not qualified to be a Senator it would be our
duty to interfere. In this case the Senator
from Michigan states that he has such informa-
tion if it be true, and it has made an impres-
sion on his mind sufficiently, in his judgment,
to justify him to rise in the Senate and state in
his place  
Mr. SUMNER. I have the same informa-
tion, and I have stated it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two Senators then rise
in their places and state that the person present-
ing himself upon this occasion cannot, as they
are informed of the facts, take this oath with-
out committing this high crime. I think that
makes a case which justifies us in referring-
the credentials to examine into that matter. I
express no opinion as to what the facts may be.
I have no opinion. I know nothing in regard
to the matter.
Therefore I shall for myself vote to refer the
credentials, under the circumstances, and lam
the more happy to do so because the gentle-
man presenting himself desires to remove any
imputation of this kind, as I understand by his
colleague who has presented the credentials to
our consideration. The rule by which I as at
present advised shall be governed is this: when
a credential is presented in due form I shall
always be in favor of allowing the party to be
sworn if the credentials come from a body
authorized to be represented here. If, how-
ever, facts are presented which overcome the
prima facie case thus presented, on the author-
ity of Senators or otherwise, making it proper
to inquire, I shall not hesitate to vote to refer
such credentials and make the inquiry before
the person is sworn in.
Mr. SUMNER. I think, sir, I shall not err
if I refer to the practice of the House of Rep-
resentatives with regard to the members from
Tennessee. It will be within the recollection
of all that the credentials of these members
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
Now, sir, notoriously, that is not the ordinary
course with regard to credentials. The gen-
tlemen who appear at the House with creden-
tials are sworn, as a matter of course, in or-
dinary cases. The gentlemen from Tennessee
were not sworn as in ordinary cases. Their
credentials were refered to the Committee of
Elections, and on the report of that committee
they were sworn in. Now, the Committee on the
Judiciary in the Senate for these purposes cor-
responds to the Committee of Elections in the
other House. Wecallupon our Judiciary Com-
mittee to perform the service which in the other
House is performed by a special committee.
Therefore, sir, we have already with reference
to the case of Tennessee the example of the
other House. In making the motion that I
have made, I have followed that example.
But, sir, there was something that fell from
the Senator from Iowa, to which I wish to make
a moment's reply. He imagines that if we
make this reference we shall establish a dan-
gerous precedent, and he even goes so far as to
