1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3205
of this claim on its individual merits, but iu
reference to the principle involved. It will
establish a precedent which will pile up bur-
dens upon the people needlessly, it will estab-
lish a precedent such as we ought not to estab-
lish at this time of all others.
Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois. I thought this
principle should not be established yesterday.
I thought so before the precedent was then
established in reference to the assistant exam-
iners in the Patent Officc. I held then to the
doctrine which has been so ably presented for
our guidance by the gentleman from Ohio. He
has uttered maxims of wisdom and justice.
These assistant examiners in the Patent'Office,
at a salary of $1,800 for the last six years, had
received every dollar of their pay, and yet they
came here yesterday with a bill saying, because
they had done the duty of chief examiners,
they should receive additional pay, and this
House indorsed their application. The very
men who voted in the affirmative then are now
the loudest against the establishment of any
such principle in this case.
Mr. DELANO. I did not hear the remark
of the gentleman, but I desire to say that I
was not present when the bill to which he refers
was passed yesterday.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Then I beg
the gentleman's pardon; I thought he was.
I presume he will vote for this increase of
pay. That is all the speech I wish to make.
lisMr. DELANO. I am rectus in curia.
Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois. I beg pardon
of the gentleman; it was the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Alhsox] to whom I intended to
refer.
Mr. FAUQUIIAR. I beg leave to correct
a statement, made inadvertently on his part,
by the chairman of the committee [Mr. Ai t.hyJ
to the effect that this bill would extend further
than the administration of Postmaster General
Campbell. It is coniincd exclusively to the
term of office held by him, which I understand
was for four years from the 4th of March,
lb33. The bill leaves it to the sound discretion
of the Postmaster General whether this party
during those four years was or was not entitled
to pay for extra services. If the Postmaster
General decides that lie was entitled to pay for
extra services, this bill limits the amount of
such pay to $250 per annum, making at the
utmost $1,000.
Now, sir, I am surprised at the course of
gentlemen here. When a proposition comes
before the House to award extra compensation
to a day laborer, they spring to the fiuor as
though it were a question involving the very
safety of the nation. And yet, yesterday, when
a bill was before the House involving, not the
sum of irU,O0t!. but giving S2,800 to each ex-
aminer of the Patent Office, these men who
have served there for years, who are pensioned
here in the Patent Office, and are found around
these Halls exercising that influence which has
not yet quite departed, these gentlemen sit
silent in their seats, and I think that most of
those who object to this proposition voted for
that, increase of pay.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would like to
know to whom the gentleman refers in these
remarks.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I refer to gentlemen
who. voted yesterday, to increase the pay of
examiners in the Patent Office.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I supposed the gen-
tleman was referring to some member who had
made remarks here to-day. If he refers to the
vote yesterday, he does not refer to me.
Mr. FARQUHAR. 1 do not refer to tlio
gentleman from Iowa if lie did not vole for
that proposition yesterday. If he did vote for
that measure, uiv remarks apply to him.
Mr. WASIIBU UN, of Massachusetts. Will
the gentleman put his finger upon one member
who has spoken against this bill who did not
vote against, the measure to which he refers?
Mr. FARQUHAR. I am happy to hear the
suggestion of the gentleman; and in reference
to those members to whom he alludes I with-
draw my remarks as being inapplicable to
them.
I now address m}' remarks to the good sense
of the House; and I ask this House, which
passed yesterday a bill for the benefit of these
pensioned, broken-down politicians, if to-day,
when a proposition comes in here for the ben-
efit of an honest, hard-working man with ten
or twelve children, who has served the Gov-
ernment for from twelve to fifteen years, and
who has not only performed his own duties
constantly and thoroughly, but has rendered
also extra services, they will reject his claim?
He showed the committee that he had per-
formed his duties fully and completely for
$750 a year; and he then satisfied the com-
mittee that lie had performed extra services
after hours and even upon the Sabbath day.
A friend near me telis me that ho has four-
teen children. That is a still stronger reason
to induce my friend from Ohio [Mr. Delano]
to give his support to the bill.
Mr. FINCK. 1 have here the record of the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill yes-
terday. to which the gentleman from Indiana
has referred, and I find both the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] and my colleague,
who is chairman of the Committee of Claims,
[Mr. Delano,] recorded as " not voting" on
that proposition.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to state to
the gentleman that yesterday I was detained
from the House by business at one of the De-
partments until after the passage of the bill
referred to.
1 will only say, in addition to that, that if I
had been here 1 should have opposed that bill,
and I oppose this bill because it proposes to
follow up the principle established yesterday.
Mr FINCK. 1 trust the gentleman from
Iowa will give me credit for having afforded
him an opportunity of explaining why his vote
was not recorded yesterday.
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly; I am
obliged to the gentleman.
Mr. FAUQUIIAR. It is within my personal
knowledge that the gentleman from Iowa was
kept away from the House for the reason that
he lias stated.
Put, sir, the argument which the gentleman
has made against this bill falls to the ground,
in view of the facts of the case.
He has argued upon the supposition that this
bill provides for paying this man $250 a year
foi the last twenty years. He was misled by
the statement of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Officc and Post Roads, [Mr.
Allly.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not expect to
look over the notes of my remarks, but the
gentleman will find, when be looks at the re-
port of what 1 said in the Globe, that before I
made objection at any length to this bill he
called for the reading of the bill and stated that
the gentleman from .Massachusetts had misled
me; and I then directed my remarks to the
bill as it existed.
Mr. FAUQUIIAR. Several gentlemen were
conversing with me at the time, but I under-
stood the gentleman to be objecting to the bill
under a misapprehension of its features.
Mr. ALLEY. Allow me a word of expla-
nation. 1 have not charge of this bill, and was
not aware that it was worded as it stands. 1
was informed by the party interested that the
amount claimed would be about fifteen hun-
dred dollars, extending over a sufficient period
of time to amount to that sum.
If the bill is drawn as the gentleman sug-
gests, I think there must bo some mistake. He
lias charge of the bill, however, and is better
informed on the subject than I am. But that
was my impression.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I refer to the resolution
itself, in order that there shall be no misunder-
standing in regard to its construction. It pro-
vides that the Postmaster General be author-
ized to pay. out of any money not otherwise
appropriated, to John Gordon, a messenger in
the Post Office Department, for extra services
performed during the administration of- Post-
master General Campbell, any sum he may
believe him to be entitled to at the rate of
$250 per annum.
It will be observed that this is for extra ser-
vices performed out of office hours, during the
administration of Postmaster General Camp-
bell, which, as I understand it, ceased on the
4th of March, 1857. Mr. Campbell was Post-
master General under the Administration of
President Pierce.
Now, sir, I desire to state, in addition, that
not only did this man perform extra services
out of office hours, hut I have assurances from
reliable sources that he acted as the officer
whose duly it was to disburse the stationery
during the whole of this time, for which ser-
vice he has never received one dollar, while
other gentlemen, occupying similar positions
in other bureaus, have received $150per annum
for the disbursing of stationery.
Sir, I have said much more than I intended
in regard to this question. I now submit it to
the House, and demand the previous question
on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the pas.sage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
30, noes 03.
So the joint resolution was rejected.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was rejected ;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
person1 al f.xpl axatton.
Mr. DELANO. I was absent in my com-
mittee-room when my colleague [Mr. Finok]
called the attention of the House to the fact
I did not vote yesterday on the hill in refer-
ence to the assistant examiners of the Patent
Office. If I had been present 1 should have
voted against granting them additional com-
pensation for services rendered in years that
are passed. I will only add that my record is
fully made up on the principle involved, and
it is not in favor of extravagance of expendi-
ture of the public money.
H VDltOC It A pure OFFICE AGAIN.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, reported back, with an amendment,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, Senate
bill No. 1 17, to establish a hvdrographic office
in the Navy Department.
The amendment was to strike out at the end
of section three, the following:
And that the sum ol' $15,000 bo, and is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any moneys in. the Treasury not
othciwiso n joproini.ated for the objects hereinbefore
recited in this and the preceding sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the
third time and parsed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts^ moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL BXPLAX ATI ON.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to state that I
was unavoidably absent day before yesterday,
when the vote was taken upon the passage of
the joint resolution proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States. If I
had been present I would cheerfully have voted
in the affirmative.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
