1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
think we had bettor adopt this as an amend- •
ment to the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and then we shall have these
two propositions before us, whether wo shall i
base representation upon voters, upon citizens
of the United Slates above the age of twenty-
one, or whether we shall accept the proposi-
tion of the committee.
Mr. CRESWELL. I have two objections
to the proposed amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. The first is, that he uses the
word "citizen," which as yet, under the inter-
pretations of our courts, is a term of doubtful
meaning. The gentleman faces the decision
of the Supreme Court in the Bred Scott case,
in which il is alleged, at any rate on one side of
the discussion, that they decided that a negro,
whether free or slave, was not a citizen. I
admit that there is considerable discussion as
to the precise meaning the court intended to
gi\e to their words; but nevertheless, I believe
that is the interpretation generally given by the
profession to that decision. He therefore opens
a fountain of discussion in the very phraseology
of his amendment. 1 think on that ground it
is obnoxious to very serious objection.
But an objection still more imperative upon
me is. that I believe the effect of the amend-
ment (whether it is so intended by the gentle-
man or those who first suggested it or notj is
to impose upon all the States of the South, as
well as the border States who have not actively
participated in the rebellion, the necessity _of
incorporating among their voters all their citi-
zens. whether they have been participants in the
rebellion or not. That being the effect of it,
those States being subject to the penalty of hav-
ing their representation restricted if they do
not do that thing, I am opposed to this pro-
posed amendment, because i believe conscien-
tiously that the men who brought about this
rebellion, the men who engineered it, who started
it in the beginning, should never be admitted
to the full rights of citizenship, not even to the
right of suffrage: and I think that all those Stales
will be placed in a false position if they are
deprived of a poition of their representation
in Congress, because they feel themselves com-
pelled to shut out from the right of suffrage the
very worst traitors, men who have brought
them into this condition.
Mr. ANTIIOXY. i was not satisfied with
the explanation of the Senator from Xew Hamp-
shire, because 1 do not think that within live
years from this time it will be safe to admit all
tho-e men to suffrage, or that it is expedient
for Congress to encourage the States to admit
to suffrage men who have been engaged in the
rebellion, and because J believe if this amend-
ment be passed there will be a new census. A
proposition has already been made in the other
House to take an intermediate census; and if
this amendment be passed, and we have the
two Halls of Congress replenished by members
and Senators from those States which are now
unrepresented, we shall have an intermediate
census.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One of the objections
made by the Senator from Maryland, that the
word " citizen'' is used in this proposed amend-
ment, commends it particularly to my \iew._ I
would have the word ''citizen'' there. 1 wish
to end that very controversy, whether the negro
is a citizen or not. If thin proposition is adopted,
then in order to have the benefit of full repre-
sentation, the States will have not only to make
the negro a voter, but a citizen. The fact of
his being a voter, if they do not recognize him
as a citizen, will not entitle them to representa-
tion for him. It requires them, if they wish the
benefit of the negro population ill their repre-
sentation in the national councils, to make the
negro a eitizcn as well as a voter. I prefer it
in that form: and the very reason suggested by
the Senator from Maryland. I think, should
commend It to our favor, rather than be made
an objection to it.
As to the other objection, that fovqc oi tne
Suites will lose in their representation because
they desire to disfranchise rebels, the answer
already made by the mover of the proposition
seems to me to be a very good one; that is, that
it will be sometime before this proposition goes
into effect, and it is quite likely that most ol
those rebels may have extended to them the
right of suffrage before the constitutional amend-
ment can be carried into effect if it be adopted.
But whether that bo so or not, if those rebels
are not lit to vote they are not lit to be counted
in the basis of representation. Then leave them
out; that is a temporary thing. In fixing the
fundamental law of the land for all time as to
the basis of representation, we ought not to
take into consideration the fact that some State
may lose for a short period her relative weight
in the councils of the nation because there hap-
pen to be among her inhabitants a number of
rebels. If she admits them to votes she will
be entitled to additional representation; but,
let me say to the Senator from Rhode Island
that I trust there will be patriotism enough
among the Union men of those States when
they shall have established their governments
upon a firm basis, and where tliey have ex-
cluded rebels from voting because it would be
unsafe to let them vote, to keep them away
from the ballot-box till they can safely be ad-
mitted there. Besides, as is well suggested by
the Senator from California, [Mr. Coxxess,]
those States can extend the right of suffrage,
if they think proper, to the negro, and in that
way get the representation which they would
lose in consequence of excluding rebels.
Mr. McDOUGALL. My friend, the Senator
from Illinois, has spoken of the word" citizens."
I should like to have him or some other learned
Senatordelinewhat "citizen" means. It never
has been particularly defined in any book. We
know what is meant by "denizens" in English
law; but the exact meaning of the term " citi-
zen ' as a general term is not understood and
has never been accurately defined in the books.
Mr. JOHNSON. If this amendment is to
be adopted, it is important that, the Senate
should understand exactly its effect, lamnot
sure that I do understand what its operation
will be ; but 1 will state to the Senate what 1
think will be its operation.
In the first place, as far as the negro popu-
lation of the southern Stales is concerned, they
will be excluded from the enumeration unless
those States should think proper to admit them
to the right of suffrage. But in the next place,
(and it is for that especially that I rise, because
of an observation made by my friend from Illi-
nois, ) it may very materially affect the repre-
sentation of"some of the States. In several.
1 forget how many, of the northwestern States
the right of suffrage is given to persons who
are not citizens. Those who have just arrived
in the country, without any regard to the length
of time they have been in the country, or those
who have been in the country for a specified
length of time, although they have not .become
citizens, are permitted to vote. There is a
large number of them - and they will be deducted
from the enumeration which is to ascertain the
proportion of repiesentation. unless it be in the
power ofthe State to make thein citizens. Xow,
what I suggest to my friend from Illinois is,
that the term " citizen." as used in the amend-
ment proposed by my friend from New Hamp-
shire, means a citizen of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. JOHXSON. And I know no^mode by
which an alien can become a citizen of the Uni-
ted States except under the naturalization laws
of the Unit ed States. If he cannot bo made a
citizen in any other way than under those laws,
the operation of the amendment would be to
exclude from the enumeration all who may not
bo citizens.
Another question will arise, as stated by my
colleague, whether the negroes are to be con-
sidered as citizens. 1 flunk they are; but m
that opinion I know I have not the concurrence
of a great many ; and perhaps looking to the
judgment of the Supreme Court in the case so
often mentioned, it would be a serious question
whether a negro, who is the descendant of an
African who was originally a slave, is or can
be a citizen of the Uir.ted States. The lan-
guage of the court is that under the Constitu-
tion of the United States they arc not citizens,
and cannot be made citizens by any provisions
in the Constitution. They cannot bo natural-
ized because they are not foreigners. They are
said not to be citizens, although natives, be-
cause they are descendants of Africans who
were slaves. The result of course would be, if
that opinion is right, that the whole of the ori-
ginal slave population, although they may be
allowed the right of suffrage in the future would
be deducted from the enumeration ; or at least
the question would bo left open and would bo
the subject of serious difficulty in the future.
My own impression is that the true mode of
settling the difficulty which now exists is to
make the representation depend on the number
of voters and to make direct taxation depend
on the actual wealth of the State. The latter
is not within this amendment, but the first is,
and I shall therefore vote for it; but the Sena-
tors from the Northwest or from the States where
aliens are permitted to vote ought to look to it,
because otherwise they may lose a good many
of their Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL.^ The Senator from Ma-
ryland is probably misinformed as to most of
the northwestern States. It requires citizen-
ship in my State, and I think in most of them,
and I presume the Senator from Maryland agrees
with me that citizenship ought to be required.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then you can have no
objection to this amendment.
Mr. JOHNTSOX. I have none personally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In reference to those
States where citizenship is not, now required,
the only effect would be this : all persons who
are entitled to vote at the present time by the
laws of any of the States will doubtless have
been here long enough to become citizens be-
fore this constitutional amendment can go into
effect if if be adopted ; and therefore they will
lose none of their representation. It will re-
quire several years to adopt the amendment,
take the census and lix the apportionment; and
any foreigner can become naturalized in five
years. If foreigners have the to vote now
they must have been here some length of time.
Mr. JOHNSON. But they are coming in
constantlv.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 know; but for the
future I presume no State would have any ob-
jection to requi ring citizenship a:: a qualification
of suffrage. They would not, lose anything
therefore. The point, ofthe Senator from Ma-
ryland was that the States of the Northwest
would lose apart of their representation^ I
wanted to show that they would lose nothing,
because every one of their present voters could
be a citizen by the time you could carry this
constitutional amendment into < II': and as
to the future, 1 do not think men ought to vote
until they become citizens. As tothose^who
arc here, and who now have the right of suf-
frage. the States would not lose under this
constitutional amendment, because those men
could become citizens by the time you can carry
the amendment into effect. They must have
been here one or two or throe years to vote in
any of the States. It used to be the constitu-
tion of my State at one, time that an alien who
had resided one vear in the State was entitled
to vote; now we require citizenship^ But be-
fore this amendment can be carried into effect
all present voters, I apprehend, can become
citizens, and therefore no State will lo->e any-
thing by il ; and as to the future, I think the
Senate and the country will agree that citizen-
ship is but a proper requiiemenfc for the exer-
cise of the right of suffrage.
Mr. C 0 WAN. Mr. President, I wish to state
here my objection to any amendment to the
Constitution upon this point. I o me it is fun-
damental ; it strikes at.tbe very vital par of the
Constitution': it strikes at, that part which is
essential to the existence of the whole ; it de-
stroys the freedom of the States; it destroys the
republicsu foim of government of the States.
"What, was the struggle at the time the Consti-
tution was formed? It was to create out of the
