1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
TJnion of free States a general Federal Govern-
ment such as we now enjoy, The first great
design of the founders was to preserve the l'ree-
dom°of the States and to so bind them together
that while they preserved that freedom they
would still enjoy for certain general purposes
the benefit of a consolidated Government.
Whenever the United States undertake to say
to the States "You shall distribute the political
power within your borders according to our dic-
tation," that moment they violate their own
guarantee that eacli State shall have a repub-
lican form of government, because the framers
of the Constitution understood, and they have
so said in the Federalist, that to have a consti-
tutional form of government each State must
make that government for itself. _ _
I cannot conceive of a plainer proposition
than that. If a State is not at liberty to form
its own government according to its own no-
tions of propriety in that formation, it is not a
free Stale; and it is of the essence of a free
State that it distribute its political power as it
chooses. It is just as much of the essence of
a free State that it say who shall cast its bal-
lots as who shall hold its offices—precisely the
same. Now, I ask you, Mr. President, and I
ask any Senator in this Chamber, whether a
State would be free if we could dictate to that
State whom it should eleetas its officers'? Ccr-
tainly nobody would contend for that; and if
we undertake to dictate to a Stale who shall be
its electors, that is equally a violation of its
freedom. It is true that the State chooses its
electors by a general rule and chooses its offi-
cers by a particular vote; but the electors are
just as much (he depositaries of the political
power of the Slate m the beginning as the offi-
cers are the depositaries of its power and au-
thority in the end. 11 is idle to talk to me about
a free State or to talk about the independence
of these States, as the framers of the Constitu-
tion understood il, if cither the United States
or any other authority can interfere with them
in the distribution of theirpolilical power within
themselves.
Why, .Mr. President, if anybody has the
power to say directly or indirectly to the State
of Pennsylvania, '' You must allow one hundred
thousand of your citizens who have been de-
prived of voting to vote,'1 is not that to intro-
duce from outside, <il> extra, into Pennsylvania
a power equivalent to one, hundred thousand
voles'.' Is she IVee if she submits to the dicta-
tion of this power nl> extra? Il seems to me
to be a plain proposition. It is one of the
fundamental principles of the Constitution,
which is out of (lie reach of amendment, be-
cause to amend it, to (ouch it. is to violate the
spirit of Ihe instrument itself and lo violate ils
own guarantee. What was Ihe force of that
guarantee? When we guarantied to the States
a. republican form of government we guaran-
tied their freedom; we guarantied'that they
should do the very thing you are now trying to
take away from them; we guarantied that they
jdiould, as to flu1 distribution of their own polit-
ics! [lower, be fret1; and now, in the face of that,
guarantee, can we claim the right to s;iy to them
that they shall let this class or that class or the
other class of their people; vote?
Mr. President, when this is done there is no
United Stales of America, there will be 110
States, the whole will be consolidated and ag-
glomerated into one great government, and
you will ]o«e all the advantage that you have
heretofore derived from the cheeks and bal-
ances which are to be found in the fact that the
States arc free. This power is essential to the
very existence of a free State. Whether a
Slate exercises il right or whether she exer-
cises it wrong, is not the question. It lies
there at the very foundation of the fabric, im-
bedded in the Constitution itself, and to move
it, to attempt, to move it, to touch it in anyway,
is to destroy the very base of the whole fabric.
It is not amending the Constitution 111 form:
it is not like amending the Constitution in so
tar as a great legal piineiple is concerned:
but it is amending the Constitution in touching
with intent to destroy the very thing that the
Constitution itself was made to subserve and
to support.
I know a great many say that because we
have guarantied to the States a republican
form of government, therefore we must super-
vise their forms in order to see that they are
republican. Mr. President, the guarantor is
only bound to discharge liis guarantee when he
is called upon by the guarantied. No guar-
antor ever interferes with the guarantied and
says, " I am going to perform and discharge my
guarantee." Nobody ever does that. It will
be time enough for us to discharge this guar-
antee when some State comes here and says
to us, "We have been interfered with." We
ask, "Are you not free to form your State gov-
ernment as you choose?" "No." "Well,
who has interfered with you?" Whoever cre-
ates that interference, we the United States are
bound to interfere against and to prevent it;
but we have no more warrant to interfere^ our-
selves than any outside power has authority to
interfere.
These are my objections to any amendment
to the Constitution touching the basis of rep-
resentation. It is out of our reach. It is true
that some of these amendments do not do this
directly, but they hold the whip over the head
of the States and they say, "If you do not
give suffrage to a certain class, we will deprive
you of representation pro tanto to the same
extent," which is the same thing. I trust that
110 one of these attempts to destroy the free-
dom of the States will prevail. That freedom
to me is worth more, a thousand times over,
than all that is exported to be gained by this
digging about the very foundation and corner-
stone of the Constitution. This is temporary,
but that is for eternity. The freedom of the
States is necessary to the perpetuation ot the
fabric; and the moment that is gone, the
fabric itself ceases to be as it was originally
established.
Mr. J OHNSON. As I slated to the Senate,
it is my purpose to vote for the amendment
suggested by the honorable member from New
Hampshire. I propose to say but a word in
reply to my friend from Pennsylvania, i un-
derstand him as objecting to that amendment
and as objecting to any amendment changing
the basis of representation upon the ground
that it will interfere with the freedom of the
Stales. That is a proposition that I cannot
well comprehend. In the Convention by which
the Constitution was adopted, the manner in
which representation was to be ascertained and
taxation was to be levied was a subject of seri-
ous discussion; there were different opinions
held by different members of that Convention,
but nobody intimated that however the basis
might be ascertained the effect would be to in-
terfere with the freedom of the States. The
only question was, what was the proper mode
of ascertaining the number of Representatives
and of apportioning taxation? They came to
the conclusion that the proper basis for each
was numbers. We are, or at least I am indi-
vidually, of the opinion that the proper mode
of ascertaining it is the number of qualified
voters. What is there in that that interferes
with the freedom of the States more than the
other?
But the honorable member seems to sup-
pose that because the Constitution when it was
adopted established a different basis, the basis
which is now in force, it interferes with the
freedom of the States to change that basis.
What was the amendment clause of the Consti-
tution inserted for? I suppose the object of
that clause was to give to the people of the
United States, acting in the way suggested by
the clausc to which I advert, the authority to
change the Constitution from time to time.
When the Constitution was adopted some of
the States, the most of the States, had slaves,
and they claimed as a constitutional right the
authority to hold slaves; and it was contended
upon this floor, I think by my friend from Del-
aware, [ilr. S.u'lsbt'ky,] by the honorable
member from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] that it
would interfere very much with the freedom of
the States to take from the States the slaves
that they had a right to hold under the express
guarantees of the Constitution; but the Senate
thought differently. They agreed to amend the
Constitution so as to abolish slavery through-
out the United States, and if my memory does
not fail me, my friend from Pennsylvania voted
for that amendment.
Mr. COWAN. I did.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, -what is there in this
which more interferes with the freedom the
States had at the time the Constitution was
adopted (meaning by that term the powers
which the States had, the rights which the
States had, at the time the Constitution was
adopted) than in the case of the amendment
abolishing slavery? The only question, there-
fore, with me is, when any amendment to the
Constitution is proposed, whether the amend-
ment proposed is right; and the moment it is
right, then according to my view it is proper
that it should bo adopted; but it never oc-
curred to me that, the adoption of any amend-
ment would be considered legitimately, logic-
ally, or in point of fact as interfering with the
freedom of the States.
Mr. COWAN. I have but a word to say in
reply. I may not have made myself clear. It
is very evident that the honorable Senator has
supposed me to be confounding the basis of
representation with the number or character
or qualification of the voters of a State. I did
not do so. I do not care what the basis of
representation may be ; I do not care anything
about that; let that be made anything at all
that may be agreed upon. They might have
allowed the basis of representation to be the
number of acres of land contained in the sev-
eral States. They might have allowed them to
be represented according to their wealth. They
have allowed them to be represented accord-
ing to their numbers. I am satisfied; I should
have been satisfied with either: but what I
allege is a violation of the spirit of the Consti-
tution in this amendment is, that while it un-
dertakes to readjust the basis of representation,
it undertakes to compel the States to.distribute
their political power in a way that they them-
selves might not desire to do it. Now, I trust
that is plain.
Suppose, if you please, that the'Constitution
had made the number of acres of land the basis
of representation, had said that there should
be a Representative in Congress for every mil-
lion acres of land in a State. Of course that
would have left each State perfectly free to say
who should cast her ballots and who shonld
not; but if Congress were to readjust that, and
say, " You shall only have a member for two
million acres of land, unless you allow certain
people in your State, a certain class, to vote,"
that would bo to strike at the very root of the
whole concern. It would be destructive of the
whole agreement. It would be radical in its
character.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator treats
the basis of representation and the voter as
distinct matters.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. So do I.
Mr. COWAN. I care not what you make
the basis of representation. It may, as I said
before, be the numbers of the people ; it may
be the extent of territory ; it may be the wealth
of the people. But what I object to here is,
that you threaten the people of the States that
unless they allow a certain class to vote they
shall be shorn of their representation to the
same extent. What then ? They may adopt
the alternative, it is true ; but it is nevertheless
interfering with their freedom. Take Califor-
nia, if you please; California has now, I be-
lieve, sixty thousand Chinese within her bor-
ders. Pass some of these amendments to the
Constitution, and unless she admits them to the
right of suffrage she is shorn of her represen-
tation to the same extent. I say that is to
introduce a power into California from without
California to regulate and control in her domes-
tie concerns, and in that, I say, it destroys the
freedom of the Slates.
