2246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Thq SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
Jlfc Price] is entitled to one hour to close
|a e.debate upon this bill. The Digest says,
"The right of the member reporting the pend-
ing measure is never denied him, even after
;the previous question is ordered." The gen-
'tlem.an from Iowa, having demanded the pre-
vious question, is about to close the debate
efter the previous question has been seconded
and.'the main question ordered. But in the
mean time the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spal-
ding] moves to lay the bill, with the pending
amendments, upon the table.
Mr. PRICE. Is that motion in order?
.The SPEAKER. It is, and it has pi-iority
of the demand for the previous question.
Mr. PRICE. Can he make that motion after
the previous question has been demanded ?
The SPEAKER. He can; but the gentle-
man from Iowa could have gone on and spoken
his hour, if lie had retained the floor, upon
moving the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
that a motion to lay upon the table is not
debatable.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not de-
batable ; but the gentleman from Iowa stated
distinctly to the House that he intended to
move the previous question, and after it should
be sustained to yield some of his time to the
gentleman from 'Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
whom many members of the House desired to
hear. That was distinctly understood; and if
the^motion to lay on the table fail, he will have
a right, after the previous 'question shall be
sustained, to the floor for one hour to close the
debate, and can then yield it.
The reason for this rule is, that during a
debate, which the member who has charge of
a bill allows to run 011 for hours, and some-
times days, so that all may be heard for and
against the bill, some other member might
move the previous question; and if the one in
charge of the bill had not (he right to close the
debate, he would be cut off from making any
reply to the arguments of those who were op-
posed to the bill; and therefore, under suc-
cessive rulings of the Speakers of the House,
the rule has grown up that, no matter by whom
the previous question may be moved, the one
in charge of the bill would still have the right
to close the debate.
That, however, does not out off the right of
any member who may obtain the floor to move
to lay the bill on the table, although it is not
very often done under the circumstances, at
the eud of a debate, till the member reporting
the bill, and who has allowed the debate on
both sides, has made his closing speech.
Mr. PRICE. Have I the right to the floor
for an hour, as the one who has charge of this
bill, notwithstanding the motion to lay it on
the table?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the motion to
lay on the table cuts off all debate.
The question was upon ordering the yeas and
nays upon the motion of Mr. Spalding to lay
the bill and pending amendments on the table.
. The yeas and nays were ordered.
. The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 50, not voting
61; as follows:
. Yli*AS Messrs. Ancona,"Raker, Benjamin.Berg-en,
'lSrer>„Pr<i®weH, Buckland, Iiundy, Chanler,
rf'i H?' c.obb' Conkhntc, Cook, Culiom,
iff.i an Doniaon Dumont, Egtdcs-
ton, Eldnfee, Sarnswortli, Farduhar, i'inck, (lllss-
if i' glider,- Hale, Aaron Harding, Abncr C.
? Hubb,ard' James Hub-
bell, Jaaies M. Humphrey, Jencko3, Julian, Ivasson,
Kotcliam, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Le Blond Marshall, Miller, Moorbead,
Morrill. Morris, Moulton Newell, Niblack, Nichol-
son,Orth, 1 ike. Plants, bamuel J. Randall. William
r srtali1, R'Mer. Koss, bawyer, Soofield, Shank-
lm, fehcllabargor SpaldmK Stilwell, Taber, Taylor,
Ohaycr, Francis 1 homas Thornton Ward, felihu B
Washburno, Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth Wil-
nam:?, VYmfield ami "Wright—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison Amos, Anderson, Delosll.
Ashley, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwcll, Binsham,
Boutwell. feidney Clarke, Darling, Dawes, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driererfl, Perry, firinnell, Uriswold, Harris,
Henderson, Ili&by. IXotehkiss. Asahel \V. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Kelley, IColso, Iiuy-
sendall, Laliin, Loan. Lonscyear, Lynch, Marston,
Marvin, McClurg, MeKee, Mcliuer, Myers, Patter-
son, Perham, Price, John H. Rice, Rogers, Rollins,
Rousseau, Stevens, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Robert 'X. Van Horn, Warner, William B.
Washburn, Jaraes P.Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—5f).
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Barker, Blaine, Brandegee, Broomall, Cof-
froth. Culver, Davis, Dawson, Dixon, Eckley, Eliot,
Garfield, Goodyear, Hart, Hill, Hogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, McCul-
lough, Mclndoe, Mercur, Noell, O'Neill, Paine,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Alexander
II. Rice, Schenck, Sitgi eaves, Sloan; Smith, Starr,
Strouse, John L. Thomas, Trimble; Van Aernam,
Welker, Whaley, and Stephen P. Wilson—51.
So the motion to lay on the table was
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BLAINE said: I have paired on all
votes relating to this question, with Mr. John
L. Thomas. If he were here he would vote
against the bill, and I would vote for it.
Mr. ELIOT said: I have paired with Mr.
Dixon; he is opposed to the bill, and I am in
favor of it.
Mr. CHANLER said: My colleague, Mr.
Hubbell, is paired with Mr. Baldwin for
two weeks.
Mr. MYERS said: My colleague, Mr.
O'Neill, is paired with Mr. Sitgreaves; Mr.
O'Neill would votefor the bill if he were here,
and Mr. Sitgreaves would vote against it.
Mr. WHALEY said: I have paired with Mr.
Smith, who is called out of the House on
important business ; he is in favor of the bill,
while I am opposed to it.
Mr. ANCONA said: My colleague, Mr.
Dawson, is paired with Mr. Hdbbabd, of New
York.
Mr. INGERSOLL said: I am paired with
Mr. Welker ; he is opposed to the bill, and
I am in favor of it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Pending which,
Mr. DARLING- moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there weie—ayes 52, noes 69.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. LYNCH called for th e yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 70, not voting
56; as follows:
_ YEAS Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames,. Anderson,
Delos K. Ashley, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bergen,
BidwoU, Bingham, Boutwell, Reader W. Clarke,
JJarhng, Dawos, Dodge, Donnellv, Driggs, Ferry
rinLU^rG?lsT?,d'^!e' Harris, Henderson, Higby,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Ingcrsoll, Kelso, Laflin, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
Mar&ton, Marvin, McClurg, McKee, McRuer, Miller,
Myors, Niblack, Patterson, Perba-m, Price, John H.
Si0®  -ftpsers, Rollins, Stevens. Trowbridge, Upson,
Burt Van Jlorn, Rooert T. van Horn, Warner,
vr\elrS* Alison, Windom, and Woodbridse—57.
iN AYb—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Benjamin, Blow,
Boycr, Bromwelt, Buckland, BundytChanler, Sidney
Clarke. Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Culiom, Defrees, De-
lano, Doming, Donison, Dumont, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, l<arquhar, Finck.Glossbrenner, Grider, Aaron
Harding-, Abnor C. Harding, Hayes, Hotchkiss, John
II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, James M. Hum-
phrey, Jcnckes, Julian, Kasson, Ketcham, Latham,
Oreorffo V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Marshall, Moorhead.Mqrrill,Morris, Moul ton,Nich-
olson, Orth. Pike. Samuel J. Randall, William H.
RandaH, Ritter, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanklin,
fchc^labargcj.bpaldmg.Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Fran-
cis ihomas, JLhornton. Ward, Eliliu B. Washburno,
He1ly D- Washburn, William B. Washburn, Went-
Wl!'1.'!1118- Winfleld, and Wright—70.
NOi VOIINtr—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bald-«
win, Barker, Blame, Brandegee. Broomall, Coffroth,
Culver, Davis, Dawson. Dixon,Eckley, Eliot, Fa.rns-
worui. Garfield, Goodyear, Hart, Hill, Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell. James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones. Kelley, Kerr,
MeCujloagh, Mclndoe, Mercur, New-
ell, Ijoell, O'lNeill, Piine, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy,
Kadtord, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, Rousseau,
Sehenek, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell,
btrouse, John It. Thomas, Trimble, Van Aernam,
Welker, Whaley, and Stephen F, Wilaon"-53.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question then recurring on the motion
to lay on the table the motion to reeousider, it
was agreed to. -
enrolled bill signed.
' Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the Committee
had examined and found truly enrolled joint
resolution (S. R. No. 56) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to adjust the claims of
Beals& Dixon against the United States ; which
was thereupon signed by the Speaker.
order of proceeding to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the session
of to-morrow be devoted exclusively to debate
as in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union upon the President's message.
The motion was agreed to.
leave or absence.
Mr. HALE asked and obtained leave of
absence for two weeks.
e. woodward and g. chorpenning.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs a joint resolution for the relief
of Elizabeth Woodward and George Chorpen-
ning, and moved that the same be printed and
recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was recommitted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
regulation of immigration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, reported,
from the Committee on Commerce, a bill (H.
R. No. 481) entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to encourage immigration,'
approved July 4,1864, and an act entitled 'An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels,' approved March
3, 1855, and for other purposes."
The question being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. SPALDING moved that the House
adjourn.
reconstruction tennessee.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a privileged motion.
I understood the Chair to have decided the
other day that we could get rid of and slough,
off _ this dead and putrid committee of fifteen,
which has now become a stench in the nos-
trils of the nation. As the cholera is coming,
and we should abate such nuisances 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not made
any such decision nor used any such language.
Mr. ROSS. Well, I desire to call up the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
point resolution in reference to the State of
Tennessee was recommitted to the committee
of fifteen.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot call
up that motion now. In the first place, the
pendency of the motion to adjourn; in the
second place, the unfinished business, the bill
just reported from the Committee on Com-
merce; and in the third-place, the special order
after the morning hour, the Army bill, all pre-
vent thaot motion to reconsider being called up
now.
Mr. ROSS. Well, then, I give notice that
I shall call it up at some other time.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spal-
ding,] thatthe House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten minutes after five o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
thtml'!pot'tions. &c., were presented under-
■Rv Mr at T^-vrerm th^pprop'iate committees:
T : petition of David and Ben-
Kowe a UCW resister t0 tlle schooner N. W.
an^fiw'h^F^^: TrhTer'!?t!1tion of Robert Laird,
ltlzen,s ?f Hmsdale county, Michigan,
eased, duties on all foreign unwashed
i^r* ^OOMALL; Tlia petition of 400 citizens
^i° e?ui?]7' Pennsylvania, asking for such
rmShS* 2 tariff&ncl internal revenu.e laws as will
project American industry from foreign competition
