1866.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2247
and relieve tlie manufacturing and laboring interests
of the country from thccxisting depression.
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of Hon. George N.
Minier, and numerous others, citizcns of Tazewell
county, Illinois, asking for protection of American
wool.
l!y Mr. DEFItEES: A petition from the citizensof
Elkhart county, Iudiaxia, 011 the subject of in tci-State
insurance companies for the protection of all classes
of property.
Also, a petition from citizens of Whitley county,
Indiana, directed to the Committee of Ways and
Means, asking that "all medicines or preparations
ot the United States or other national Pharmacopoeia,
&c., be placed in the free list."
By Mr. EGCtLESXON: The petition of L. P. Bent-
ley, and 80 otheis, post office route agents, of Ohio,
praying tor an increase of compensation.
By Mr. HOLMES: Tho remonstrance of John C.
Churchill,and otheis, citizensof Oswego county. New
Y ork, against the passage of the bill reorganizing the
judiciary.
By Mr. J.M. HUMPHREY: Apctitionforthepas-
Sage of a uniform insurance law.
Also, a, memorial of the brewers of Buffalo, New
York, asking forthe reduction of tho tariff on barley
imported from Canada.
Also, the petitions of Jaines M. Smith, William J.
Meek, and other?, for American registeis to vessels
N. C. Foid and J. S. Austin.
Also, tho petition of A. Sherwood, and others, for
repayment to them of duties improperly collected.
By Mr. KKLLEY: Tho petition of eight leading
firmsinmanufacturingofmachmery, in Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania,praying Congress tosomodifythetax-
ation on manufactured machineiy as to boar equally
on all productions when ready forfmal consumption;
andin order to arrive at atrueba,sis of taxation, each
producer should be taxed only upon the additional
value which he adds to tho thing taxed, as indicated
by its subsequent sale: also that an equivalent duty
be imposed upon foreign productions of tho same
description.
" Also, tho memorial of 3-1 citizens, of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, respectfully praying that Congress will
enact such just and equal laws for the regulation of
inter-State insurances of a]] kinds as may be effectual
in establishing the greatest security for tho interests
protected by policies, and promotivo of the greatest
good and convemcnco to all concerned in such trans-
actions.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of citizens of Red
Hook, Dutchess county,-New York, asking for in-
creased protection on,American wool .*jS2£h'
By Mr. MORRILL: A petition;of depors in leaf
tobacco and manufacturers of cfgaW, of AHentown,
Lehigh county, Pennsylvania* -asking for increased
tariff on imported cigars, namely, to make uniform
rate on all cigars and fix tho'tariff at three dollars
per pound and fifty per cask ad valorem.
By Mr. PLANTS: Tho petition of 200 citizensof
Washington and Noble countios, Ohio, for a mail
route from Beverly, in Washington county, to Sharon,
in Noble county.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The petition
of A. Or, Gage, supervisor of tho town of Alabama,
Greene county, New York, for money paid for men
twicc under the call for troops.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: A memorial of wool-growers
of Butler county, Pennsylvania, praying for increase
of duty on foreign wools.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 28, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
no business is in order to-day except debate as
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the President's message, on which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
held] is entitled to the floor. Does he yield
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Went-
wortii?J
, Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, sir, for a moment.
leave of absence.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask leave of absence
for three weeks, and I give notice that before
leaving I wish to pair off upon the questions
of liberty, economy, and keeping whisky out
of the Senate. [Laughter.]
Leave was granted.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, what is the
whole amount of disloyal population in the
southern States? I do not include in this in-
quiry persons who have been stigmatized as
"sympathizers" or "copperheads," much less
any other portion-of the Democratic party, but
only those who sought to divide the country into
-two republics and who now regret the failure
of their enterprise, ",1 u "
The whole amount of white
population in tha?%leven confederate States is
6,097,524. Deducting from tliis amount the
estimated number o f loyal people in those States,
and adding the disloyal scattered through the
other five slave States, will give the answer to
my question. Making this deduction and addi-
tion from the most reliable data within my reach,
I conclude that the disloyal population in the
whole South will not exceed, if indeed it will
equal, five million in all.
If the eleven confederate States were readmit-
ted now (the Constitution and laws remaining
unamended) what amount of representation in
Congress and the Electoral College would this
fire million be entitled to claim? Thoy would
certainly have these eleven Stales. There could
hardly be a doubt about Kentucky. For if the
loyal men of that State, sustained by the power
of the Federal Army and the1 persuasion of
Federal patronage, with the young disnnionists
absent in tho South and tho old ones disfran-
chised at home, could scarcely hold their own,
wdiat could we expect them to do when these
young men have returned, the disfranchising
laws have been swept away, the Army removed
or palsied by orders, and Federal patronage at
least uncertain ? This would give them twenly-
four Senators. There are four more States
that belonged to (he slave-holding class, Dela-
ware, Maryland, West Virginia, and Missouri.
Is it any stretch of probabilities to suppose (hat
two more Senators will be picked up some-
where in these four States by the oonfeilornle
element? I fear there will bo more. This will
give them twenty-six Senators.
In the House of Representatives this popu-
lation will have as large, if not larger, propor-
tionate representation. By the apportionment
of 1801, fifty-eight Representatives wore assigned
to the eleven confederate States. These States
will be so districted by tho hostile sentiment, of
their several Legislatures that not one true
Union man can be electcd. To the other five
slaveholding States twenty-six were assigned
by the act of 1801. If any one will take the
trouble to look over these districts, I think he
will come to the conclusion that even if the
laws disfranchising rebels in Maryland, West
Virginia, and Missouri remain in force, not less
than half of those will bo conlrolled by the in-
fluence and votes of the late secessionists. This
gives them seventy-one Representatives in the
House. But even this large numbe1' must soon
lie increased. The two fifths of (he four mil-
lion freedmen which were not counted in the
representative ba^is of the last census must.be
counted in the census of 1870. and (olherthings
remaining the same) add to that number thir-
teen members more; so that the five million
disloyal population, as soon as their full power
can be felt through the elections, will have at
leasttwenty-six Senators and eighty-four Repre-
sentatives and one hundred and ten votosin the
Electoral College. This is a low calculation.
When we consider the earnestness, or rather I
should say the fierceness of these people, the
ability, ambition, and courage of their leaders,
we may well apprehend that the number will
be even greater. But this number is their own
—legitimate and certain under the laws as they
stand. Supposing the entire population of the
United States to be thirty-five million now, this
five million will be just one seventh of the
whole, but will have more than one third the
representation in both Houses of Congress, and
more than one third of the Electoral College.
The same amount of loyal population at the
JsForth is represented by only about half that
number. If by factions or party division among
the loyalists of the country, they could contrive
to secure one sixth more of the representation,
they would have a majority of the whole, and
be able to control Federal legislation, elect the
President, and distribute his patronage.
When these States are admitted and these
people come to have the unabridged control of
this twofold representation, how will they de-
sire to use it ? I do not inquire how they possi-
bly may use it, nor even how they now expect
or intend to use it, but how, if unrestrained by
a united North, it would be their interest and
desire to use it. For the perpetuation of the
Union? 1 fear not. They Imvo come back to
the Union, wc should remember, only by coer-
cion. To them it is a forced bridal. They sub-
mit to it, but they do nol, because they cannot,
embrace it in their hearts. The sold ieis maimed,
wives widowed, and children orphaned m their
bad cause, appeal to their leaders for the prom-
ised support, but the Un ion has no pensions
for them. The fortunes invested in conl'edet ate
faith see no hope of realization in tho Union.
Hatred of the North and its anti-slavery ma-
jorities, the original moti\e for secession, is
ten times stronger now than in 18(51, and is
backed up by SI,000,000,000 of debt, dam-
ages, and pensions, which, as tlie.v insist,
could, in a separate government, be ievied by
an export duty upon the cotton-consuming
world. The lite-habits of these people, their
love of ease and domination, their pride, aris-
tocracy, wealth, and power were, all the out-
growth of an institution which might possibly
be revived in a separate republic, but which is
forever gone in tho Union. "Confederacy"
is a woril (hat must long be ensluined in their
hearts by the tender memories of (heir fallen
kindred, but if must live, as (hey well know,
in (-he history, traditions, and ballads of the
Union, associated with perjury, dishonorable
crime, and cruel war. If thcyshmild profess
(o love the Union we could not believe ihem.
It is so unnatural that if would be easier to
believe they were hypocrites than that they
were monsters.
But they are neither hypocrites nor mon-
sters. They do not. love tlie Union, and do
not pretend to. !t- is untruthful men of our
own section that prevaricate for them. Tho
same class of men that, misrepresented the. feel-
ings of 1he North before the war, and thus
deceived the South and goaded them into re-
bellion, now misrepresent, the feelings of tho
South to deceive tho North and lure, it into
irretrievable surrender. Before the war (hey
deceived the South and betrayed the North;
but. now it is reversed, they deceive tho North
and betray the. loyal South. The same perfidi-
ous breath that carried Sonlli (ho untruthful
slory of northern hale, and thus prompted
the war, comes back now with another story,
equally untruthful, of southern love. They tell
us that the disloyal .South is a gentle bride,
impatient, for tho nuptials, when they know
that she submits to them with loathing. Have
they not laid down their arms? is the argument-
ative inquiry. No, sir; their arms were taken
from them. Have they not submitted? No,
sir; they were defeated in battle. There is
nothing in their past conduct nor present atti-
tude that justifies the use of the word submis-
sion. Prisoners of war have been taken, but
they were released on parole; rebel armies
have been dispersed, but they have been re-
organized as State militia; rebel State govern-
ments have been overthrown, but again revived
and restored to the old possessors; and for-
feitures of life and estates have been remitted,
but that is all. Call this clemency, privilege,
triumph, victory, what you please, but do not
call it submission, with which it has not one
shade of meaning in common. Wo do not need
to call witnesses to prove that these people
are hostile to the Union and its interests.
The history of the human race proves it. Who-
ever attempts to prove the contrary must first
show that they are unlike any other people
whose passions, struggles, and defeats are
recorded in the annals of the world.
But witnesses have been called—Union gen-
erals and rebel generals, Union and rebel citi-
zens, without distinction of party, condition,
race, or color—and all support under oath the
great historic truth, that a purpose imbibed in
infancy, cherished and stimulated by the ros-
trum, press, and pulpit for a lifetime; upheld
by large fortunes, wrung from the toil of slaves,
and sanctified by the blood of sons and kin-
dred, has not been and cannot be surrendered
to military orders. Such a purpose surrenders
only to time. I do not present this great truth
now by way of reproof or condemnation of
