3208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16;
c#me from the Public Printer Executive Docu-
ment No. 125, being a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
answer to a House resolution, '1 a statement of
the amounts paid for salary and mileage to
the members of the Thirty-Eighth Congress."
Without troubling the House with a full exam-
ination of that document, I call attention to
this fact: I find my own pay set down for the
term of two years, at $3,750. That is cor-
rect, as there were nine months for which I did
not receive pay as member of Congress, being
an officer of the Army during that time.
I am also set down as having received mile-
age for two thousand seven hundred and forty
miles of travel, that is allowing a trip each way
for each session of Congress, or four trips in
all, making the estimated distance between my
place of residence and this city six hundred
and eighty-five miles. The amount was so
much larger than my own recollection of it
that I went to the office of the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the House and procured the original
letter which I sent to the Mileage Committee
upon the subject last year.
The letter is as follows :
House of 11 r: i 1 i: k s r; x t a t r v e s,
February, 16.1865.
Dear Sir: In answer to your circular of yester-
day, I have the honor to sny:
1. Tho route by which I reach this city is via Cleve-
land, Ohio, Pitfshui-p:, PernioIvania, Ilarriaburg,
Pennsylvania, and Baltimore, Maryland.
• 2., I'lio distance, as given in Appleton's Railway
Guide, is, from—
Miles.
Hiram (my residence) to Cleveland  41
Cleveland to Pittsburft 150
Pittsburg to llarrisburg  249
Hfirrisbui'sr to Baltimore   """" 85
Baltimore to Washington  40
Total J5C5
3. Distiinec from Hiram (niv place of residence) to
Cleveland, Ohio, forty-one miles.
Vuy l esneett'ully, your obedient servant,
J. A. (iAlil'TKLD.
Al'dUSTI'S 1'ltlVK, dhairman Comutlitre on
Mileage.
Multiplying the amount I gave in that, letter by
four would make my total amount of miles for
which 1 should have received mileage twenty-
two hundred and sixty miles, or four hundred
and eighty mijesless than I am set down in this
report as receiving mileage for. On the back
ot this letter I lind this indorsement: " five hun-
dred and sixty-live miles claimed ; six hundred
and eighty-live miles allowed; approved: J.W*.
W.;" which, I believe, arc the initials of the
chairman ot the Committee en Mileage of the
'1 hirty - Light h Congress. It appears, then, that 1
was ci edited with one hundred and twenty miles
more ol travel on each trip than I ever claimed
to be entitled to receive mileage for. Members
were usually paid, as eyeiy gentleman here
knows, in installments of small amounts fiom
time to time, scattered over the two years, the
members keeping no account in most eases of
the amounts they receive, but leaving that with
the Sergeant-at-Arms and Committee on Mile-
age. At least such were the tacts in my own
case.
Several members from the West, and per-
haps from other parts of the country, have
been credited with more miles of travel than
they churned to have been justly entitled to
receive pay for. I find that to be tho case
with several of my colleagues from Ohio. My
colleague from the Cleveland district [Mr.
Si'.u.dim;] was allowed on the books of tho
Sergeant-at-Arms six hundred and thirtv-four
miles of travel on each trip, while he claimed
but five hundred and ten. And in tho case of
my colleague^ from the Dayton district, [Mr.
Srin:NCK,]I find six hundred and eighty-nine
miles claimed by liiiu and eight hundred and
twelve mijes allowed by the committee. For-
tunately, in the latter case, on the last day of
the session, when he [Mr. Schexck] went to
Obtain his final balance of pay, ho appears to
have discovered this improper allowance and
required a statement of the items. He found
that they had allowed him mileage for one
hundred and thirteeu miles per trip mora than
he had claimed, and indorsed on the account
his refusal to receive the additional amount.
I see that these facts are as new to the mem-
bers around me as they were to me when I
first saw the official report from the Secretary
of the Treasury. It appears that the Commit-
tee on Mileage settled upon a scale of distances
without the knowledge or consent of the House
or of the' members whose accounts they thus
changed, and in the report of the Secretary, now
published to Congress and the country, many
are set down as having received amounts of
mileage considerably larger than they actually
claimed. I have therefore given notice that
on next Monday I shall ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the resolution which has been
read at the Clerk's desk, that the Committee
on Mileage may inquire how this discrepancy
arises, take measures to correct it, and may in
the future guard against any such injustice
both to the Treasury and to members.
Mr. DAVIS. I simply desire to suggest that
the difficulty may have arisen from the Com-
mittee on Mileage adding to the distance trav-
eled by members in coming from and returning
to their homes the distance traveled by them
in passing between tho tellers on votes in this
House by a division. [Laughter.]
message fi10m the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fokxey,
it Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, the bill (II. R.
No. 48.1) entitled "An act to incorporate the
Howard Institute and Home of the lJistrict of
Columbia."
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the. joint resolution (H. R.
No. 52) to provide for the expenses attending
the exhibition of the products of the industry
of the United States at the Exposition at Paris
in 1807, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendment of tho House
to the hill (S. No. 307) entitled "An act author-
izing the restoration of Commander Charles
Hunter to the Na\y."'
'J'he message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 32o) to give certain powers
to the levy court of the county of Washington,
ill the District of Columbia;
_ An act jS. No. 290) to incorporate the Na-
tional Life and Accident Insurance Company
of the District of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 137) to amend the acts ap-
proved August 0, 18G1, and duly 0, 1SG2, es-
tablishing a Metropolitan police in the District
of Columbia, to increase the efficiency thereof,
and for other purposes.
president's ankual- message,
^The House resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, tho consider-
ation of the President's annual message; on
which Mr. Juuax was entitled to the floor.
UHCOXSTRUOTION.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the conflict
going on to-day between Conservatism and
Radicalism is not a new one. It only presents
new phases, and more decided characteristics
in its progress toward a final settlement.
1 liese elements in our political life were at
war long years prior to the late rebellion. After
the old questions concerning trade, currency,
and tho public lands had ceased to be the
pivots on which our national policy turned,
and were only nominally in dispute, Conser-
vatism put them on its banner, and shouted for
them as the living issues of the times, while
intelligent men everywhere saw that the real
and Sole controversy was that very question of
slavery which the leaders of parties were striv-
ing so anxiously to keep out of sight. Conser-
vatism stubbornly closed its eyes to this truth.
If it ever took the form of Radicalism it was
in denouncing the agitation of the subject. It
believed in conciliation, and concession. It
preached the gospel of compromise. Professing
hostility to slavery, it paraded its readiness to
yield up its convictions us a virtue. Resistance
to aggression and wrong, it branded as fanati-
cism or wickedness, while it was ever ready to
purchase peace at the cost of principle. This
policy of studiously deferring to the demands
of arrogance and insolence, this dominating
love of peace and cowardly dread of conllict,
this yielding, and yielding, and yielding to the
exactions of the slave interest, naturally enough
fed and pampered its spirit of rapacity, sfud at
last armed it with the weapons of civil war.
Such will be the unquestioned and unquestion-
able record of history ; and no record could be
more blasting, as it will be read in the clear
light of the future. To us belongs the privilege
of taking counscl from the lesson in dealing
with the yet unsettled problems of the crisis.
But Radicalism assumed a directly antago-
nistic position. It did not believe in concilia-
tion and compromise. It did not believe that a
powerful and steadily advancing evil was to he
mastered by submission to its behests, but by
timely and resolute resistance. The Radicals,
under whatever peculiar banner they rallied,
thought it was their duty to take time by the
forelock; and with prophetic ears they heard
the footfalls of civil war in the distance, fore-
warned the country of its danger, and pointed
out the way of deliverance, in the ages to
come Freedom will remember and cherish them
as her most precious jewels; for had they been
seconded in their earnest efforts to rouse the
people and to lay hold of the aggressions of
slavery in their incipient stages, the black tide
of southern domination which has since inun-
dated the land might have been rolled back,
and the Kepublie saved without the frightful
burgery of war. This exalted tribute to their
sagacity and their fidelity to their country will
be the sure award of history ; and its lesson,
like that, of Conservatism, commends itself to
our study.
But the war at length came, and with itcame
the same conflict between Conservatism on the
one hand and Radicalism on the other. Their
antagonisms put on new shapes, but were as
period ly defined as before. The proof of this
is supplied by facts so well known, and so pain-
fully remembered by all loyal men, that I need
scarcely refer to them. Conservatism, in its
unexampled stupidity, denied that rebels in
arms against the Government were its enemies,
and declared them to be only misguided friends.
The counsel it perpetually volunteered was that
of great moderation and forbearance on our
part in the conduct of the war. It denied that
slavciy caused the war, or should in any way
be afleeled by it. It insisted that slavery anil
freedom were "twin sisters of the Constitu-
tion,'" equally sacred in its sight, and equally
to he guarded and defended at ,"U hazards. Its
onlihh vision failed to see that two civilizations
had met in the shock of deadly conflict, and
that slavery at last must perish. Even down
to_the very close of the contest, when the dullest
minds could see the new heavens and the new
earth which the rebellion had ushered in. Con-
servatism madly insisted on "the Constitution
as it is and the Union as it was." Its idolized
party leaders and its great military heroes were
all men who believed in the divinity of slavery,
whose hearts were therefore on the side of the
rebellion, and whose management of the war
gave proof of it. And every man of ordinary
sense and intelligence knows that just so long
and so far as Conservative counsels prevailed,
defeat and disaster followed in our stops, and
that ifthese counsels had not been abjured the
black flag of treason would have been unfurled
over the broken columns and shattered frag
mcnts of our republican edifice. Let this also
be remembered in digesting a policy for the
future.
But here, again, Radicalism squarely met
the issue tendered by the Conservatives. That
slavery caused the war and was necessarily
involved in its fortunes it accepted as a sim-
ple truism.' Its theory was that the rebellion
was slavery, in arms against the nation, and
