THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3-20&
that to strike it was to strike treason, and to
spare it was to espouse the cause of the rebels.
In the very beginning of the conflict Radical-
ism comprehended the situation and the duty.
It understood the foe. utterly scouted the idea
of a "war on peace principles," and demanded
the employment of all the powers of war in the
accomplishment of its purpose. It understood
the conflict as not simply a struggle to save the
Union, but a grand and final battle for the
rights of man, now and hereafter; and it be-
lieved that God would never smile upon our
endeavors till we accepted it as such. Rad-
icalism therefore demanded the repeal of all
laws which had been enacted to uphold and
fortify slavery. It demanded the arming of the
slaves against their old tyrants. It demanded
emancipation as a moral and a military neces-
sity, and a policy of the war so broadly and sys-
tematically anti-slavery as to meet the rebel
power in the full sweep of its remorseless
crusade against us. Its trust was in the justice
of our cause and the favor of the Almighty;
and just so soon as the Government turned
away from its Conservative friends and joined
hands with Radicalism, our arms were crowned
with victories, which followed each other till
the rebel power lay prostrate at our feet.
But, Mr. Speaker, the war is over. So at
least we are informed by the President; and
with the glad return of peace comes once
more the same issue between Conservatism and
Radicalism, and more elcarly marked than ever
before. Conservatism, true to the logic which
made it the ally and handmaid of treason all
through the war, now demands the indiscrim-
inate pardon of all the rebel leaders. It rec-
ognizes the revolted States as still in the Union,
in precisely the same sense as are the loyal
States, and restored to all their rights as com-
pletely as if no rebellion had happened. It
opposes any constitutional amendment which
shall deprive the rebels of the representation
of'the freedmen in Congress, who have no voice
as citizens, and thus sanctions this most fla-
grant outrage upon justice and democraticequal-
ity. in the interest of unrepentant traitors. It
opposes the protection of the millions of loyal
colored people of the South through the agency
of a Freedmen's Bureau, and thus hands them
over to starvation, and scourgings, and torture,
by their former masters. It opposes, likewise,
the civil rights bill, which seeks to protect
these people in their right to sue, to testify in
the courts, to make contracts, and to own prop-
erly. It opposes, of course, with all bitter-
ness, the policy of giving the freedmen the bal-
lot, which ''is as just a demand as governed
men ever made of governing,'' and should bo
accorded at once, both on the score of policy
and justice. In short, it seeks to make void and
of non-effect, for any good purpose, the sacri-
fice of more than three hundred thousand lives
and three thousand millions of money, by its
eager service of the heaven-defying villains
who causelessly brought this sacrilicc upon the
nation.
But on all these points Radicalism takes
issue. It holds that treason is a crime, and
that it ought to be punished. While it does
not ask for vengeance, it demands public jus-
tice against some at least of the rebel leaders.
It deals with the revolted States as outside of
their constitutional relations to the Union, and
as incapable of restoring themselves to it ex-
cept on conditions to be prescribed by Con-
gress. It demands the immediate reduction
of representation in the States of the South to
the basis of actual voters, and the amendment
of the Constitution for that purpose. It favors
the protection of the colored people of the
South, through the Freedmen's Bureau and
civil rights bills, as necessary to make effect-
ive the constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery. And for the same reason, Radicalism,
when not smitten by unnatural fear or afflicted
by policy, demands the ballot as the right of
every colored citizen of the rebellious States.
Such have been the issues between Conserva-
tism and Radicalism, some of which are dis-
posed of by time; and they are all in fact side
issues, save the grand and all-comprehending
one of suffrage. Let this be settled in harmony
with our democratic institutions and all else will
be added.
And in dealing with this problem, Mr. Speak-
er, whose counsel shall we follow? Shall we
beguidedby Conservatism,which paved the way
for the rebellion by its policy of concession and
compromise, which would have handed the coun-
try over to the rebels when the war was upon
us if its policy had been adhered to, and to-
day would give to the -winds the fruits of our
victory ? Or shall our guide be that some Rad-
icalism which would have averted the rebel-
lion if its counsel had been heeded, which
alone saved us when war come, and now asks
us to accept its inevitable logic in seeking a
true basis of peace? Can a loyal man hesitate
in his answer? Sir, we can neither stand still
nor take any backward step. For myself, at
least, J shall press right 011; and my strong
faith is that the loyal people of the country
will not madly attempt a halt in that grand
march of events through which the hand of
Providence is so visibly guiding the nation to
liberty and lasting peace.
Mr. Speaker, of all the questions pertaining
to the late rebellion which have been so much
debated, it seems to me none could bo more
perfectly simple and unembarrassed than that
of giving the ballot to the freedmen of the
South. This would he conceded at once, if it
were possible to forget the institution of sla-
very, and the foul legacy of prejudice and hate
which it has bequeathed to us all. 1 believe the
present discussions of the subject and our gin-
gerly reluctance to lace the issue squarely, will
hereafter be set down among the curiosities of
American politics. Sir, what is the proposi-
tion? It is simply to extend our democratic
institutions over the States recently in revolt,
which have been overpowered by our arms,
and are now subject to the national jurisdic-
tion. The mass of the white people of the
South, including those who have been in arms
against the Government, have the ballot; and
there is 110 pending proposition to deprive them
of it. But we imagine insuperable difficulties
in the way of giving it to the colored people,
who constitute the majority in several States,
who have been universally loyal, and have fur-
nished a strong body of soldiery in the war for
the Union. Can this, indeed, be true?
Alexander Hamilton, in the fifty-fourth num-
ber of the Federalist, speaking of the slaves,
says, *' It is admitted that if the laws were to
restore the rights which have been taken away,
the negroes could no longer be refused an
equal share of representation with the other
inhabitants." Most certainly he was right.
Why then shirk the question? Would we do
so if these colored men were white? No man
will pretend it. Why not secure the ballot to
the men who have been restored to their rights
through the treason of their masters? "Lib-
erty, or freedom," says Dr. Franklin, "con-
sists in having an actual share in the appoint-
ment of those who frame the laws and who are
to be the guardians of every man's life, prop-
erty. and peace; for the all of one man is as
dear to him as the all of another; and the
poor man has an equal right, but more need,
to have representatives in the Legislature than
the rich one.1' And he goes 011 to say: "That
they who have no voice nor vote in the electing
of representatives do not enjoy liberty, but are
absolutely enslaved to those who have votes,
and to their representatives ; for to be enslaved
is to have governors v.'bom other men hare set
over «s.and be subject to laws made h>/ the rep-
resentatives of others, without, having had rep-
resentatives of our own to give consent in our
behalf." This, in different words, is the doc-
trine of James Otis, that "taxation without
representation is tyranny," and was the princi-
ple on which our revolutionary fathers planted
themselves in resistingBritish despotism. Shall
we shrink from it to-day, when just emerging
from a frightful civil war, caused by our infidel-
ity to the rights of man? Are we still to love
the rebels so tenderly that we must not offend
them by a policy of equal and exact justice
between them and the loyal men who resisted
their devilish crusade against the national life?
" We hold these truths to be self-evident, that
all men are created equal; that they are en-
dowed by their Creator with certain inalien-
able rights, among which are life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness; and that to secure
these rights governments are instituted among
men, deriving their just powers from the con-
sent of the governed." Do we still doubt these
truths, thus named self-evident, after having
seen them written down in fire and blood dur-
ing the past four years ? Men talk eloquently
of the natural equality of all men and the sov-
ereignty of the popular will. Sir, if we are not
hypocrites, why not accept these principles by
reducing them to practice everywhere through-
out the Republic? If all men are equal in their
inborn rights, every man has the right to a
voice in the governing power; and that right
is as natural as the right to the breath of his
nostrils. It is not a privilege, but a right, and
you insult republicanism and brand the great
Declaration as a lie, when you dispute it. You
espouse the cause of absolutism at once; for
if one portion of the people, black or white,
can deprive another of their rights, the whole
theory of American democracy is overturned.
That wise men, in Congress and out of Con-
gress, should deal with this question as a diffi-
cult and complicated one seems incredibly
strange. The very horn-book of republican-
ism settles it; and if the teachings of our fath-
ers are in fact to be accepted, and the poison-
ous exhalations of slavery shall ever be dispelled
from the minds of men, a disfranchised citizen,
white or colored, innocent of crime, will be-
come an unknown anomaly. This much I say
on general principles, and wholly aside from
those considerations which plead imperatively
for impartial suffrage in the South, on the score
of justice and gratitude to the negro, the peace
and well-being of society, and the stability of
the Union itself.
But our power over the subject of suffrage
in the States lately in revolt is disputed; and
doubts respecting it arc expressed even by the
joint, committee of fifteen, in their elaborate
and very able report just given to the public.
Sir. T never hear these opinions and doubts
uttered without uniningled astonishment. In
the whole domain of politics and jurisprudence
a proposition cannot be found more perfectly
beyond dispute than that Congress can pre-
scribe the qualifications of voters in the States
that rebelled against the national authority, and
have been subdued by our arms. I do not now
speak of the power conferred in the clause of
the Constitution making it the right and duty
of Congress to guaranty a republican form of
government to every State; though I believe
it clearly confers upon us the authority to deal
with the question of suffrage in all the States.
Nor do I here refer to the constitutional amend-
ment abolishing slavery, and giving Congress
the power, by appropriate legislation, to en-
force such abolition; though I hold it to be
perfectly clear that under this clause the power
over the ballot is given, since a man without it,
according to the principles of radical democ-
racy and the revolutionary authorities already
referred to, is a slave — the slave of society,
if not the chattel of an individual master. I
waive these points, and rest the case solely 011
the ground of the authority of the nation to
do what it pleases with rebels whose revolt
became a stupendous civil war, and was crushed
' by the power of war. That, sir, is the impreg-
1 nable ground 011 which 1 stand, and I challenge
, all assailants. The revolt grew in its propor-
: tions till it became a civil, territorial war. We
; blockaded the rebel coast; we exchanged pris-
i oners; we conducted the conflict according to
1 the laws of war and the law of nations. The
I rebels became public enemies, and by the power
■ of our resistless hosts we conquered them. As
j conquered public enemies their rights were all
swept away, all melted in the fervent heat of
their devilish treason and war. Not a respect-
able jurist in the Union will dispute this piop-
