1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
12S9-
of the United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, namely:
Article —. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included
within this Union according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of perpons in oach
State, excluding Indians not taxed: Provided, That
[Whenever the elective franchise shall be denied or
"abridged in any State on account of race or color, all
persons therein of such race or color shallbe excluded
from the basis of representation.' '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This joint
resolution having been read three times, the
question is, Shall it pass? This vote must, in'
the opinion of the Chair, be taken by yeas and
nays under the Constitution.
The yeas and nays were taken, with the fol-
lowing result:
YE AS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Cragin, Creswell, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harris,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, McDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Nvc, Poland, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Trumbull. Wade, Williams, and Wilson—25.
NATS—Messrs. Brown. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Nesmith, Norton, Pome-
roy, Kiddle, Saulebury, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Willey, and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Foot, Howard, and Wright—3.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 25 and the nays 22. Two
thirds of the Senators present not having voted
for the joint resolution, it is not agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move now to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution has been
defeated.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to—
ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is an amendment now in
order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; we must first re-
consider the third reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution is now before the Senate and open
to amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now send to the Chair
the amendment which I offered before. Before
it is read I ask whether there is any objection
to a motion being made now that when we ad-
journ to-day, it be to meet on Monday next. I
ask unanimous consent to submit that motion.
Mr. CLARK. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion cannot be entertained, objection being
made.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I make a motion that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes eleven,
noes not counted.
Mr. CRESWELL. Now, I move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. CLARIv. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone the
present subject and all other subjects for the
purpose of making a motion 'that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next. I move to postpone all business
before the Senate with a view of making that
motion.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say to the Senator
from Illinois that I make this objection in no
captious spirit. It is very important that I
should leave the city to-morrow if I can; and
I desire that- we shall go 011 with this matter as
far as we can to-night. I wish to vote upon it.
If I am compelled to stay here I must, that
is all.
Mi* TRUMBULL. I am willing to stay here
to-night and go 011 until we reach a vote 011 this
question. All I desire is that when we do ad-
journ to-night we adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. CLARK. I shall ha\e 110 objection to
that motion being made when we get through
with this question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to stay here
to-ni«lit until we finish this question; I think
we had better do so; but when we do adjourn
I desire that wo adjourn over to Monday.
Mr. CLARK. Then I shall not object.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. I move to
adjourn over.
Mr. CLARK. Let us finish this first.
Mr. CONNESS. Some other Senator may
object at that time. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw his objection,
and we will remain here until we get a vote
to-night.
Mr. CLARK. I withdraw the objection.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I move, then, that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Monday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can entertain that motion only by unanimous
consent. Is there objection? The Chair hears
no objection, and he will put the question on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTjproiempwre. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin
to the joint resolution before the Senate will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, namely:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the reso-
lution, and insert the following:
That the following article bo proposed to the Legis-
latures of the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid
as part of said Constitution, namely:
Article —. After the census, to be taken in the
year 1870, and each succeeding census, Representa-
tives shall be apportioned among the several States
which may be included within this Union, according
to the number in each State of male electors over
twenty-one yeats of age, Qualified by the laws thereof
to choose members of the most numerous branch of its
Legislature; and direct taxes shall bo apportioned
among the several States according to the value of
the real and personal taxable property situate in each
State, not belonging to the State, or to the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move, in pursuance
of the understanding we had, as a substitute
for the article proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin, this:
Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States which may be included within this
Union, according to the number in each State of male
citizens of the United States, over twenty-one years
of age qualified by the laws of such State to choose
members of the mostnumerous branch of its Legisla-
ture.
I strike out of the Senator's proposition the
word "electors"' and insert "citizens of the
United States," for the very obvious reason
that electors in some States are not electors in
other States, and we ought to have a uniform
standard of citizenship of the United States.
That is the only material difference as to the
first clause. Then I make the operation of the
amendment immediately, inste_ad of after the
next census, which is a very indefinite term.
The last clause in regard to direct taxes I omit,
because although I am in favor of apportioning
direct taxes according to property, I think it
would be an embarrassing question to throw in
now at this period, and likely to defeat the
whole proposition.
Mr. STEWART. Has the Senator got both
of those propositions in his present amend-
ment ? I want the questions taken separately.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer one amendment.
My proposition is simply that Representatives
shall be apporiioned among the several States
which may be included within this Union ac-
cording to the number in each State of male
citizens of the United States over twenty-one
years of age qualified by the laws of the State
to choose members of the most numerous
branch of its Legislature. This is the propo-
sition of Professor Lieber.
Mr. COWAN. That is, the same as electors
—male citizens over twenty-one years of age.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to explain. It
is not that. "Citizens of the United States do
not include unnaturalized voters according to
j the laws of a State. There is just the material
| difference j no man can be citizen of the Um-
' ted Slates unless he is native or naturalized.
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. I appeal to my honova-
! ble friend from Ohio to allow these two votes to
be taken separately. He proposes with a single
vote to strike out two things that are contained
in my proposition. One is to strike out " elect-
ors qualified by the laws of the States" and to;
substitute "citizens of the United States" qua!-'
ifiod," &e., and he also proposes _to strike from
the last clause the proposition in relation to
the apportionment, of direct taxes'up'onthe1
valuation of property. I hope my honorable
friend will so modify his motion as to take the-
two questions separately: first the change from
"electors" to "citizens," and then we can
take the sense of the Senate on the other prop-
osition, whether we shall strike out of this
amendment of mine altogether the question of
apportioning direct taxes. In my own mind
I link these two questions together, taxation
and representation.
Mr. SHERMAN. In accordance with the
spirit with which I have desired to approach
this subject, I am perfectly willing to withdraw
my proposition at present and let the Senator
from Wisconsin get a direct vote on his. If the
Senator is satisfied with thatj I shall vote for
his amendment, and then if that is defeated, -I.
shall offer mine.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to get the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio and the Senator
from Wisconsin, for I understand that what the
Senator from Wisconsin desires I desire also 5
that is, to get a vote upon the question of sub-
stituting in his amendment the word "electors"
for the words " male citizens."
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is an amendment
to an amendment, and you cannot amend it
further.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the vote be taken on
the proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin.
If that is voted down, I will offer mine.
Mr. STEWART. I send to the Chair a sub-
stitute for the proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin. The only difference between the
propositions is the word "citizens" in place of
the word "electors. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before we go any fur-
ther, I desire to make a suggestion. It is very
obvious to me that the proposition being a new
one Senators are not prepared to act on it;
everybody will be presenting an amendment
embodying his own views. We shall go on
until midnight, without being able to reach any
result. I move, therefore, that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until
Thursday next.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 hope that .will not be
done. I think we had better settle the question
now.
Mr. STEWART. Before the question is post-
poned, 1 should like to have an order made to
print the various propositions on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can be printed
by common consent. It will be understood that
they are to be printed. I insist on my motion
to postpone the further consideration of the
subject until Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Now, let an order be made
to print the various propositions of amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That or-
der will be regarded as made by unanimous
consent.
ENROLLED BILLS SIONXSD.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherron, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (II. R. No. .201) to declare the
meaning of certain parts of the internal reve-
nue act, approved June 30, 1SG4, and for other
purposes; and the joint resolution (H. B- No.
3G) providing for expenses incurred in search-
ing for missing soldiers of the Army or the L111-
ted States, and for the further prosecution 01
the same.
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 188) to increase and fix the military
peace establishment of the United States.^ My
object is to assign it for consideration on Tues-
day next.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mi'. WILSON. I now move that the bill be
