mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
of debate—and that is what they call the con-
stitutional argument. When they find them-
selves unable to maintain in discussion "the
propriety of allowing the disloyal population
a twofold representation, the half to rep-
resent themselves and the other half to mis-
represent the loyal people, white and black,
in their midst; when _ they can no longer
.screen themselves behind the "President's
policy," words of indefinite meaning; when
their aspersion upon our motives is repelled
by showing that they have as strong party
interest in forming an alliance with the rebels
as we possibly can have in trying to prevent
it j when their taxation theory is demolished
by a report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, they fall back upon the constitutional
right of States to representation. They will
retreat no further. This is their last ditch in
debate. And here,
" In Dixie's land
They take their stand,
To live or die for Dixie."
_ Mr. Speaker, we are m an anomalous condi-
tion. The Constitution does not especially pro-
vide for the difficulties with which wo are sur-
rounded. Our fathers could not believe that
so large a portion of the American people could
be so barbarized by slavery as to undertake such
stupendous crime. They did not provide for
what they could not foresee. There are no pre-
cedents on file to guide us. This is the first
disunion rebeHion. Ours will be the first prece-
-dent in reconstruction, and the last—only if it
is justly and wisely made. There are objections,
plausible or otherwise, to every theory that has
been or can be advanced as to the status of
these States. My colleague [Mr. Stevens]
suggested that their present position was very
much like that of California after the Mexican
war. A score or more of speeches have been
made to show that there are objections to this
theory. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shel-
laij arger] suggested that these State govern-
ments had perished in the rebellion, and that
now new ones, republican in form, should be
originated by Congress. Objections were raised
to this theory. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] suggested that new govern-
ments must be originated and proper guarantees
and conditions could be imposed, but these
things should bo done by the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy as the terms of
surrender. Objections have been raised to that
theory also. Others still take the position that
inasmuch as new constitutions and new gov-
ernments have been established in these States
originating in an irregular or revolutionary man-
ner, that it is the duty of Congress, under the
fourth article and fourth section of the Consti-
tution, to see that they are republican in form,
and m the discharge of that duty, require such
conditions or guarantees as the safety of the
Union, in their judgment, demands. This, too,
is objected to.
An honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
at the other end of the Capitol, with some self-
conceit, as it seems to me, sets down all these
reconstruction suggestions or theories as mere
whimsies. He has a plan of his own to restore
the Union and get rid of traitors. It is simple
m theory and cheap in execution. lie will
execute it himself with only the aid of a con-
stable. Whenever a rebel shows his head, he
ana his constable will pounce upon him like a
Buchanan marshal on a flying negro. He will
put him where no rebel ever went before with
his consent—in the old Capitol Prison. If the
honorable gentleman really thinks that his plan
is practicable, why does he not set about its ex-
ecution ? His intended victims swarm through
the Capitol and the White House, and two or
three dozen of them are asking admission to
Congress. I here are objections to this the-
ory. Indeed it has been tried. It was Buchan-
an's plan for suppressing the rebellion, but it
failed.
Now, sir, the theory of the Opposition, based
upon the second and third sections of the first
article of the Constitution, under which mem-
bers from the rebel States are to be admitted
to these Halls without our leave, is that the
right of a State to representation cannot be
forfeited or lost so long as these two sections
remain unaltered. Is there no objection to this
theory ? Why, it concedes the right of repre-
sentation during the whole war. Their mem-
bers could have entered this Capitol at any
time and voted as the interest of the confed-
eracy required. If the war had lasted fifty
years instead of four the right would have run
through all that time. Nor would it have ceased
if our armies had been overpowered and the
confederacy left unmolested. After one hun-
dred years of separation, they might still vote
for President and send members to Congress.
Unless you admit the doctrinc of forfeiture,
you cannot avoid this conclusion. Aside from
this doctrine, nothing but an amendment of the
Constitution could deprive them of this right.
But the Constitution could not be amended,
because these eleven States are more than one
fourth of the whole, and the assent of some of
them would be necessary for any amendment;
and to deprive them of Senators the assent of
every one would be necessary.
The advocates of this theory, to avoid this
result, concede that the right of representation
would be forfeited by success. But how? The
Constitution is not changed by the result of a
battle. There it is, just as it was before. If
they lost nothing by defeat would they by suc-
cess? They lost nothing by secession and
unsuccessful war, you say, because these were
unconstitutional. Can they lose anything, then,
by victory? Would notthat be unconstitutional
also? "But wo would acquiesce." Well, sup-
pose we should; would not acquiescence be un-
constitutional and void ? Where in the Constitu-
tion are we authorized to acquiesce in adivision
of the Republic? If their ordinance of seces-
sion was void would not our consent to it be
equally void ? If the ordinance was void can
'it be rendered more so by defeat or less so by
victory ? Some of the advocates of this theory,
to avoid this reasoning, concede that the right
of representation is forfeited or suspended
during "contumacy." This cruel word to
characterize the great rebellion is not original
with me. It is the word maliciously chosen
by our conservative friends who are determined
to make treason odious. I wish the printer
to inclose it with inverted commas, that such
severity of language may not be ascribed to
me. But who is to decide when the suspension
begins and when it ends? The State? If so,
that is no suspension at all. A right that can
be taken up and laid down at pleasure cannot
be said to be suspended. Is Congress the
judge? Then I submit that by secession from
the United States, by the formation of a new
confederacy, by four years of terrible war and
five of scornful refusal, these States would
become a little contumacious, and Congress
would be justified in suspending their rights
until the legislation necessary to make repre-
sentation fair and equal could be agreed upon
and passed. And that is all that anybody here
proposes to do.
This appeal to the Constitution for authority
to hand the Government over to the unrepent-
ant plotters of its destruction, is but a contin-
uation of the policy pursued by the Opposition
for the last five years. During that period
they have raised a cry about the Constitution
many times, but always in opposition to good
measures or in advocacy of bad ones. When it
was first proposed to coerce the rebellion and
save the Union, and at every following step
toward apparent success, they cried, u uncon-
stitutional." It was unconstitutional to raise
an army or march it into the sacred soil of the
South. ^ It was unconstitutional to issue bills
of credit to meet the expenses. It was uncon-
stitutional to close a rebel port or arrest a rebel
spy, to proclaim martial law in a rebel coun-
try, or to appoint a provisional governor for
conquered Louisiana or abandoned Tennessee.
Look back through the debates of the Opposi-
tion ; there is nothing constitutional but slavery
and rebellion, nothing so unconstitutional as
coercion and emancipation. Judging fx-om
these debates, the Constitution was especially
framed to repress liberty, punish fidelity to the
Union, shield oppression, and honor treachery
and great crime. These war measures are all
constitutional; now. Great iight is thrown upon
the Constitution by the surrender of Lee. The
gleam of successful bayonets illumines the dark
understanding of pro-slavery quibblers. But
alas! the light of success shines only on the
past. All the future is still unconstitutional.
The' 'unconstitutional, disunion, abolition war''
is rendered constitutional byfthe victory of our
soldiers, but the effort to secur-e to the country
the fruits of that victory by appropriate legisla-
tion is as unconstitutional as ever.
Here I close my defense of the Republican
policy of restoration. Shall that policy be
adopted? Not by this Congress, it is said,
because enough conservative Republicans will
unite with the Opposition to defeat it. Then,
by falsely charging upon the Union party non-
action and lack of purpose, it is hoped that
a Congress can be elected next fall which will
repeal the test oath and admit the rebel States
without guarantees or conditions of any kind
and with a representation always excessive and
now enlarged by emancipation. Without the
enlargement (which will not be attained until
after the next census) the eleven confederate
States will have eighty votes in the Electoral
College, controlled entirely by the late insur-
gents, namely:
Alabama   8
Mississippi  7
Arkansas ] !!!"!"! 5
Texas  ^
Louisiana  7
Florida  3
Georgia    9
North Carolina  9
South Carolina  6
Virginia 10
Tennessee 10
They will need seventy-seven more to elect
a President. Kentucky, Missouri, Maryland,
and Delaware, States with strong confederate
proclivities, will, it is claimed, furnish thirty-
one, while the other forty-six can be made up
by the Democrats of New Jersey, New York,
and Connecticut. The classification of votes
by which the President would thus be elected,
would stand'—confederates 80, semi-confed-
erates 31, Democratic 46. This presidential
scheme will undoubtedly fail, and yet it is the
only one that has the slightest chance of sac-
cess. If the Union party can be beaten at all,
it must be by this or some similar combination.
Suppose it successful, then, what would be the
character of the new Administration? Pour
members of the Cabinet would belong to the
eighty confederate votes and the other three to
the seventy-seven from the northern and border
States. All presidential appointments at home
and abroad must be made on the same line of
division.
If, as is alleged, this combination could also
carry a majority of Congress, the confederates
would have a majority of that majority, and in
caucus (giving their allies the Clerk) would
demand the Speaker and a majority of all com-
mittees, such as the Ways and Means, Claims,
and Pensions, to which their peculiar interests
might be referred. Pensions must then be
surrendered or divided with confederate claim-
ants ; service in the Union Army would be an
impediment to political success, and the Treas-
ury, supplied by the industiy and economy of
the North, would be steadily absorbed in con-
federate damages. Then your creditors might
count their worthless bonds and learn exactly
how much it cost them to reclaim their fugitive
masters. Then the pensionless widows and
orphans of our valiant dead might bemoan in
poverty and neglect the ingratitude of a Repub-
a 7 a hu?b.and's and father's blood.
And then our surviving soldiers must conceal
their honorable scars to save a humble posi-
tion m the capital they helped to preserve—
tor the enemy. Then, sir, we will all see, feel,
and leauze what the Opposition, in different
phraseology, constantly assert, that the object
or the war was to force the rebels to become
our rulers. -
