3210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
osition, for the principles of the law of nations
■which govern the conduct of a civil war, an$
define the rights of the parties to it, are precisely
those which pertain to the conduct of a foreign
war. If this is not the settled law of nations,
settled also emphatically by the Supreme Court
of the United States, then nothingis settled, and
nothing is capable of settlement. The report of
the reconstruction committee, already referred
to, which expresses doubt as to the power in
question, asserts that "within the limits pre-
scribed by humanity the conquered rebels were
at the mercy of the conquerors. That a Gov-
ernment thus outraged had a most perfect right
to exact indemnity for the injuries done and
security against the recurrence of such out-
rages in the future would seem too clear for
dispute. What the nature of that security
should be; what proof should be required of
a return to allegiance; what time should elapse
before a people thus demoralized should be
restored in full to the enjoyment of political
rights and privileges, are questions for the law-
making power to decide, and that decision must
depend on grave considerations of public safety
and the general welfare." This language cov-
ers the whole ground contended for. The power
exists, and Congressalonemustdetermine what
is demanded by ''considerations of the public
safety and the general welfare." The ques-
tion before us to-day is one of necessity and
expediency, and not of power; a question of
fact, rather than a question of law.
On this question, Mr. Speaker, I think there
is very little ground for disagreement among
loyal men. If the colored millions of the South
need any earthly good supremely, and need it
soon, it is a share in the governing power. Let
us not mock them by the hope of it at some
time in the distant future, conditioned upon
alternatives which we tender to their enemies,
but grant it now, as their imperative and in-
stant necessity. They arc at this moment pros-
trate and helpless under the heel of their old
tyrants. But for the partial succor afforded by
the Krecdmen's liureautlieircomlition would be
tar more deplorable than that of slavery itself.
Although the civil rights bill is now the law,
none of the insurgent States allow colored men
to testify when white men are parties. The bill,
as 1 learn from General Howard, is pronounced
void_ by the jurists and courts of the South.
Florida makes it a misdemeanor for colored
men to carry weapons without a license to do
so from a probate judge, and the punishment
of the offense is whipping and the pillory.
South Carolina has the same enactments ; and
a black man convicted of an offense who fails
immediately to pay his fine is whipped. A
magistrate may take colored children and ap-
prentice them for alleged misbehavior without
consulting their parents. Mississippi allows no
negro living in any corporate town to lease or
rent lands. Cunning legislative devices are
being invented in mostof the States to restore
slavery in fact. Without the ballot in the hands
of the freedmen, local law, reenforced by a
public opinion more rampant against them than
ever before, will render the civil rights bill a
dead letter, and iu the future, as it has been in
the past, the national authority will bo set at
defiance. Even should the ci\il rights bill be
enforced, it would be a palliative and not a
cure, since the right to sue, to testify, to make
contracts, and to own property may be lawfully
enjoyed without commanding a tithe of the re-
spect with which the ballot arms every man
who wields it. This is the sure refuge and
help of the freedmen, and Congress has the
same power to secure it that it has to withhold
it from the rebels; the same power to make
suffrage impartial that it has to prescribe any
other condition whatever in the reconstruction
of these States.
If. as is alleged, no such power exists over
the lojal States, that certainly is no reason
why we should not exercise it where we have
the power. With the authority unquestionably
in ouv bands to disfranchise all the rebels, the
plan reported by the joint committee leaves
the ballot in their hands. With strange and
lavish liberality even the leaders of the rebel-
lion are to be clothed with this sovereign attri-
bute. They may not hold office, but they may
confer it. The pirate Semmes shall not be
probate judge, but his ballot shall be counted
m determining who shall fill the office, and so
shall the ballots of the traitors who recently
tried to make piracy honorable in Alabama.
General Lee cannot be President of the United
States, nor Governor of Virginia, but he can
march to the polls with his unhung confeder-
ates as the equal before the law, and under the
old flag, of the loyalists whose valor saved the
Republic. The legions of armed traitors who
fought against the nation four years, and del-
uged it in sorrow and blood, are all to be
crowned with the honor and dignity of the bal-
lot; and, as if to make treason respectable and
loyalty odious, the colored people of the coun-
try, whose enslavement caused the war, and
who furnished two hundred thousand soldiers
in crushing the rebellion, are to be handed
over to the unbridled hate and fury of their old
masters.
One would naturally have supposed that
vanquished rebels would be glad enough to
escape with their lives, and that Congress, in
conferring upon them the franchise, would at
least atone for this unlooked-for and unde-
served liberality by a policy of justice, if not
of gratitude, toward the negroes, whose loy-
alty was never questioned, and whose strong
arms helped strlie down the enemies of the
nation. One would have supposed that if any
party must be disfranchised it would be the
rebels, and that loyal men would govern the
country they had saved by their valor. I am
quite sure that neither the copperheads nor the
rebels themselves, till they were caressed by
the Executive, ever dreamed of this congres-
sional discrimination in favor of treason. Sir,
it will gladden the heart of every traitor in the
Union. No loyal man can defend it with a
good conscience. Its recreancy is aggravated
by every fact which comes to us respecting the
situation in the South. The general feeling
there against the freedmen is that of intense
hostility and envenomed hate. The institution
of slavery, through the instinct of a common
interest, accorded to tbenegro some privileges ;
but now he has literally '"no rights which
white men are bound to respect.'- Sharing no
longer the measure of consideration which per-
tained to his condition as a slave, he is regarded
as a despised outcast, and treated like a dog.
A feeling scarcely less intolerant is evinced
toward the few loyal white men in these States,
who in many localities are living in constant
dread of violence and murder, and are fre-
quently waylaid and shot. Quite recently I
have received a letter from a gentleman of
intelligence and worth in one of the southern
States, in which he says that he and his friends
and neighbors, who have b. en hunted in the
mountains like deer all through the war because
they refused to fake up arms against their coun-
try, having had their houses plundered or
burned, their property destroyed, and them-
selves reduced to beggary, are still living in
constant dread of assassination; and he begs
me. if possible, to procure for them from the
Secretary of War transportation to the North.
This is a single instance among marly of the
actual condition and treatment of the loyalists
of the South, under the fiendish domination of
the men who have been ironically sfyled^eon-
quered. Sir, in heart and purpose they are less
conquered than before the war. Ifpossiblethey
hate the Yankees, with their free schools and
free institutions, more than ever. I believe
their wrath is more and more a consuming fire.
Down in the very depths of their souls they
despise the Union, its generals, its soldiers,
its statesmen, its prosperity, its peace. Upon
the hreedmen's Bureau and the civil rights
bill they pour out the sineerest and most heart-
felt curses. Not a man has been found among
them who does not defend the right of seces-
sion, and vindicate the rebel cause. They
choose as their Senators and Representatives
in Congress and for the highest offices in the
States the most conspicuous and guilty of their
unrepentant traitor chiefs. They insult the
old nag and scoff at our national songs. They
commemorate the deeds and honor the tombs
of their grandest villains, and refuse to the
loyal colored people of the South the coveted
privilege of strewing flowers over the graves
of our heroes who died that the Republic might
live. They crown treason as the highest virtue,
and elevate murder to the rank of a fine art.
Their newspapers are reeking with the foulest
and most atrocious sentiments, and their man-
ifest purpose is to scatter the baleful fires of
discord and hate throughout the South. Under
this new "reign of terror" emigration to the
South, which we hoped would regenerate it, is
interdicted, while the loyal men already there
are looking about them for the means of speedy
escape. Such is the Eden of blessedness and
beauty which has been chiefly evoked by "my
policy," and such are the people in whose
hands Congress proposes to leave the powers
of government, while it withholds the ballot
from the only people whose redeeming agency
and cooperating grace can restore order, liberty,
and peace.
And these people, Mr. Speaker, who have
"refined upon villainy till it wants a name,"
whose hearts are thus impregnated with the most
rancoroushate toward the freedmen, and whose
ascendency over the South is hourly extending
in all directions, are expected to give the bal-
lot to the negro, if only we provide that other-
wise he shall not be counted in the basis of
representation. Sir, they will do no such
thing. They would see the negro in Paradise,
sooner than see him with the ballot in his
hands. The madness which rushed into the
rebellion in the interest of negro slavery, and
which to-day, instead of being tamed by suf-
fering and trial, is fiercer than ever, will never
extend justice to these people. The much-
talked-of " war of races," ending in negro ex-
termination, would be far more probable. I
am certainly ready to vote, as I have done, for
reducing representation in the revolted States
to the basis of actual voters. No man could
defend his refusal to do so; but I believe the
rebels, with the President at their back, will
never agree to any such amendment of the
Constitution, and that with their allies in the
North they will be able to defeat it. Neither
withnorwithoutsuch an amendment, therefore,
in my judgment, is there any well-grounded
hope_ for justice from the rebel class. The
decision of the case would require years of
time, since it would involve the question
whether nineteen or twenty-seven States are
required to amend the Constitution; and the
Supreme Court could not pass upon the point
till nineteen States had ratified the amendment.
During all this time the freedmen would be
committed to the tender mercies of their ene-
mies instead of sharing with them at once the
powers of government.
Sir, why should wo decline a present duty
which is as clear_and as palpable as the sun-
light? Why impiously propose to red-handed
traitors and assassins that .they may trample
down the precious rights of four million help-
less but loyal people, if only it shall be agreed
that these downtrodden millions shall not be
represented in Congress? Why offer them a
proposition which, if accepted, might be as
fatal to the interests of the colored race as would
have been the acceptance of the offer of Pres-
ident Lincoln to leave that race in bondage if
the rebels would lay down their arms within a
stipulated time? As I have already shown, the
power to do what we wish is in our hands.
Congress can enact a statute securing impartial
suffrage in all the insurgent States, in which
civil government is totally overthrown, and over
which our power is supreme. Congress can
pass enabling acts, as opportunelyproposed by
my distinguished friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] providing for the calling of
State conventions in those States to form con-
stitutions, andfixingthe qualifications of voters.
Congress, if it deems it expedient, can disfran-
chise the rebels, or any portion of them, and re-
