1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22T
English pirate when she made her appearance
in British waters? She was quietly taken pos-
session of by the British Government. These
pirates, acknowledged by herself to be pirates,
were turned loose without even a reprimand.
These British subjects were called upon the
deck of the Shenandoah and asked this ques-
tion: " Michael O'Flanigan, are you a British
subject?" " No, byjabers, I am a Dutchman."
[Laughter. The intonation was strongly Irish. ]
" McDonald, are you aBritish subject?" " Nau,
lama Spaniard." [Renewedlaughter.] And
so every one of these men was turned loose
■without even a reprimand to go again and prey
upon American commerce; and now we are
informed that further negotiation would be
deemed by her Majesty's Government as of no
advantage ; no good result can follow the pro-
longation of the controversy. I agree with the
British minister that no good result can follow
the further continuation of that controversy.
Now, sir, we are informed in that language
that no further negotiation is open ; the nego-
tiation is closed, and to-day there seems to be
just one course for this nation to pursue in
accordance with her dignity and her honor, and
that is, from this time henceforth and forever-
more, until these bills are paid, absolute non-
intercourse with Great Britain. True, there are
other remedies. We might declare war against
Great Britain, and all the world would say we
had just cause. We might seize Canada, and
say that we would take land in payment if we
can get no other redress, and hold it until pay-
ment was made, and the world would justify our
action. Again, we might declare an embargo,
or wc might seize her ships wherever found.
But, sir, there is a peaceful remedy, and that
remedy I propose. I propose that wo say to
Great Britainj " We agree with you that no fur-
ther negotiation is desirable in this case; we
do not wish any further negotiation ; we accept
your definition of neutrality." That is the de-
termination of the American people to-day;
and I believe—I do not know, but I believe—
that Mr. Seward understands that that will be
the action of tlie people of the United States
whenever Great Britain gets into a war with
other Powers. I believe that he distinctly un-
derstands that our people will send fast-sailing
steamers to the ends of the earth and make war
upon British commerce with the torch until her
flag is, as ours has been, swept from the ocean.
But, sir, is it manly, is it dignified in this great
nation, that has been able to keep a million
soldiers in the field for the last four years, to
copy after that old man in the Bible, who,
offering one hand, said, '' Are you at peace, my
brother?" while with the other he stabbed him
under the fifth rib? No, sir, it is not dignified,
nor is it honorable. I propose to say to Great
Britain that we accept her definition of neu-
trality, and that from this time forth until she
pays this bill of damages we shall declare non-
intercourse with her. 1 offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration;
Whereas by the recent publication of the diplo-
matic correspondence between this Government arid
the Government of Groat Britain,we are fully advised
that the last-named Government has refused to repair
the damagesinflicted upon our commerce by the agen-
cy of her subjects during the late rebellion ; has de-
clined to arhitrnte the same, and, finally, further to
treat upon the subject, thus exhausting all diplomatic
resources, leaving to this nation but one alternative
consistent with its honor: Therefore,
_ Be it resolved by the Senate and Ilouseof Representa-
tives in Congress assembled. That the President of tho
United States is hereby requested to withdraw our
minister from the court of St. James, and make proc-
lamation of national non-intercourse; which is hereby
declared to take effect after such proclamation shall
have been issued.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the introduction of this joint reso-
lution ?
Mr. DIXON. I object; it had bettor lie
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution cannot now be
received.
harbor at michigan city.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an
appropriation of land or money to assist in the con-
struction of a harbor at Michigan City, Indiana; to
report by bill or otherwise.
inter-state intercourse.
On the motion of Mr. NYE, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. GO) to facilitate commer-
cial, postal, and military communication among
the several States.
The bill contains a preamble reciting that the
Constitution of the United States confers upon
Congress, in express terms, the power to regu-
late commerce among tho several States, to es-
tablish post roads, and to raise and support
armies ; and provides that every railroad
company in the United States, whose road is
operated by steam, its successors and assigns,
shall be authorized to carry upon and over its
road, connections, boats, bridges, and ferries,
all passengers, troops, Government supplies,
mails, freights, and property, on their way from
any State to another State, and to receive com-
pensation therefor.
The Committee on Commerce proposed to
amend the bill by adding to it the following
proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not affect any stipu-
lation between the Government of the United States
and any railroad company for transportation or fares,
without compensation therefor.
Mr. FOOT. I presume there will be no ob-
jection to that amendment. It received the
unanimous support of tho Committee on Com-
merce. from whom the bill is reported, and 1
trust the question will be taken upon the amend-
ment at this time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. The bill before us presents to
our consideration the twofold question of con-
stitutional power and of public expediency.
The remarks I propose to submit on the present
occasion will be chiefly confined to tho consid-
eration of the first branch of the proposition.
The same question was before us at the last
session, and was debated at some length; and if
i mistake not, the last Congress adjourned while
my honorable friend from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] was upon the floor, addressing the Sen-
ate in opposition to this bill, and no final action
was taken upon it. I listened with some atten-
tion, and with something of interest, and, I will
add, with something of instruction also, to that
discussion, and have recently read a consider-
able portion of it. I have to say, however,
that the limited examination I have given to the
main question in hand inclines my judgment to
a different conclusion from that which has been
expressed by some of my associates upon this
floor most learned in questions of constitutional
law, and from whose matured opinions upon
questions of this character I have rarely found
myself obliged to dissent; and never, without
hesitation and without somewhat of distrust m
the soundness or tlie accuracy of the conclu-
sions to which my own reflections had led me.
I take leave, therefore, to state in brief, though
it may be but crudely, the views I entertain,
as, at the present moment, they may strike my
own mind, upon the questions involved in the
pending measure.
The bill under consideration is entitled "An
act to facilitate commercial, postal, and mili-
tary communication among the several States."
The bill provides:
That every railroad company in the United States
whose road is operated by steam, its successors and
assigns, be, and is hereby, authotized to carry upon
and over its road, connections, boats, bridges, and fer-
ries, all freight, property, mails, passengers, troops,
a.nd Government supplies on their way from any State
to another State, and to receive compensation there-
for.
Such is the bill; such are its provisions; plain,
concise, yet comprehensive, and of general ap-
plication. The object and purpose of the bill
are sufficiently obvious. It is simply to carry
out and to apply an express provision of the
Constitution, to wit, in regard to the regulation
of commerce among the States, in any and every
proper case for its application which may arise.
Why not pass the bill? What is the objection
to itspassage? Why not authorize the railroad
companies of the United States to carry pas-
sengers and freight, mails and munitions of war
from one State to another State? That is the
purpose, the chief purpose, for which they were
constructed; and for the most part, I suppose,
the railroads of the country do now exercise
and enjoy this right or privilege. I am not at
present advised of but few, of but very few
exceptions—the most notable ofwhichis, doubt-
less, in the State of New Jersey—in which the
full exercise and enjoyment of this right or
privilege are, in any degree, inhibited or re-
stricted by the State legislation.
That gallant and patriotic State, many years
ago, deemed it expedient to confer upon a
single company or corporation the privilege of
carrying all freight and passengers, for a long
term of years, between New York and Phila-
delphia, to the exclusion of any and of all other
railroads across her territory, which then were
or which thereafter might be constructed. This
is the provision in the charter of the Camden
and Amboy Company:
"That it shall not be lawful, at any time during the
said railroad charter, [to wit, tho Camden and Am-
boy,] to construct any other railroads in this State
without the consent of the said companies, which shall
be intended or used for the transportation of passen-
gers or merchandise between the cities of New York
and Philadclphi \ or to compete in business with the
railroad autboii/.ed by the act to which this supple-
ment is relative."
This company has now enjoyed tho exclusive
privilege of the vast amount of transportation
of passengers and merchandise, overland, be-
tween New York and Philadelphia, for a full
third of a century, under a legislative prohibi-
tion of all competition from any other line of
railroad, then or sincc constructed, and has
claimed and still claims the exclusive benefit of
this business under its chartered privilege, so
that, when another railroad company—theRar-
itan and Delaware—underthe orders or upon th&
application of the Federal Government, in 186U,
carried a large amount of freight, consisting
of troops, horses, arms, and munitions of war,
and at cheaper rates and with greater dispatch
than the Camden and Amboy Company afforded,
as I am informed, over its road, from New
York to Philadelphia, it was immediately sum-
moned before the chancellor of New Jersey to
render an account of the sum total of the pro-
ceeds of this business, with a view to a final
decree to pay over this amount to theCamdcn and
Amboy Company, and wasperpetually enjoined
from carrying passengers and freight thereafter
between New York and Philadelphia.
The inquiry recurs, is it competent in a State,
or a State Legislature, to grant exclusive privi-
leges of this kind, and to continue them to the
prejudice or restriction of commercial inter-
course between or '1 among the several States?''
Or, if it be competent to do so, in the absence
of congressional action, is it not subject to the
exorcise of the superior authority of Congress,
by virtue of its power, under the Federal Con-
stitution, to "regulate commerce among the
several States?" In other words, and for ex-
ample, is it not competent for Congress, by vir-
tue of this constitutional power, to authorize
the Iiaritan and Delaware, or any other rail-
road company in New Jersey, tocarrv passen
gers and merchandise between New York ami
Philadelphia, and to receive compensation there-
for, notwithstanding the inhibition of the State
Legislature? Under this power, derived in
terms from the Constitution, I venture to ex-
press the opinion that it is competent for Con-
gress to set aside any such special and exclu-
sive legislation, when it at all restricts, im-
pedes, or impairs the facilities of travel and
trade and commerce between or among the
States; and of the fact itself, Congress, in the
exercise of its discretion, must of necessity
be the solo judge. In short, I hold it to be en-
tirely competent for Congress to pass this bill,
and to place all railroads upon the same footing
in respect to the right and privilege of carrying
