1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3211
fuse admission to the rebellious States till they
have secured impartial suffrage to their people.
And finally, Congress, if constitutional amend-
ments are necessary, can propose such as will
accord with justice and the rights of man, and
will therefore have the strongest pledge of their
ultimate success; while, in the mean time,
whatever obstacles may be thrown in our way
by the accidental occupant of the White House,
the great cause of loyalty and freedom will be
strengthened and fortified by every honest and
manly endeavor to serve it.
But it is said, Mr. Speaker, that the people
are not ready for so radieal a policy, and that
while the reconstruction of the rebel States on
a solid and enduring basis is very desirable,
we must accept the necessity which compels
usto regard the temper oftlie public feeling and
the practical effects upon the harmony of the
Union party which advance measures would
be likely to produce.
Sir, I defend the people against this accusa-
tion against their intelligence and loyalty. My
own experience is that politicians are gen-
erally, if not invariably, behind the people,
and rather inclined to block up the path of
popular progress than to clear the way. This
was undoubtedly true during the war, and every
intelligent man can recall proofs of it in abun-
dance. The people were ready for a radical
policy in the first year of the conflict, as was
shown by the proclamation of General Fremont
of September 2,1861. It was hailed with nearly
universal joy by the Republican masses, while
every leading Democratic paper in the country
warmly approved it. So intense and wide-
spread was the feeling of enthusiastic loyalty
among the people from the firing upon Fort
Sumter down to the revocation of this anti-
slavery order, that party lines seemed utterly j
forgotten, and the Democratic organization in j
fact ceased to exist. Copperhead Democracy 1
was a sprout from the Executive edict, which j
Kentucky procured in the interest of slavery ; j
but the people, at every stage of the conflict, !
received with open arms and grateful hearts
every earnest man who came forward, and every
vigorous war measure which was proposed.
Sir, why were the Union men defeated in the
fall of 1802 ? It was because the people feared
that General McClellan carried the Govern-
ment in his pocket, and had no faith in his
conservative policy, which bore no good fruits.
The men who failed to get back to the succeed-
ing Congress were generally the timid men
who counseled policy; while the Radicals who
denounced McClellan, and preached the anti-
slavery gospel boldly were successful. Why
did the Unionists sweep the country in the next
congressional elections? It was because of
their bolder and more pronounced Radicalism.
Why have our public men failed before the peo-
ple in the political conflicts of the past twenty
years? tNot, certainly, because they outran the
people in radical progress, but because the peo-
ple loved courage, and felt that bolder leadership
was demanded. For the truth of this I appeal
to gentlemen on this floor who have made politi-
cal life a profession, and who are most familiar
with the history of American politics.
A servant of the people needs to have faith
in the people. In dealing with a great ques-
tion involving the reconstruction of Govern-
ment and regeneration of society in nearly half
the territory of the Republic he has no right to
be "a negative expression, or an unknown
quantity, in the algebra which is to work out
the problem." He has no right to say that the
people are not ready for a given policy, if he
himself understands it, and is convinced that
it is just and necessary. On the contrary, he
will find it most safe to accept our democratic
theory that the people are capable of under-
standing their affairs, and of managing them
through honest and fearless representatives.
What our politicians most need to-day is faith,
faith in the people, faith in justice, and then
to add to their faith courage. If the policy
y,fiu propose is right, nothing is so safe as to
trust the people; if it is crooked, a weak and
shallow expedient, a truce with justice, and not
a real peace, then nothing could be more un-
safe than an appeal to the voice of the people,
which finally will be the voice of truth.
The jioople, you say, are not ready for negro
ballots in the insurgent States. Sir, I would
be glad to have the proof of that. Since the
outbreak in 1801 they seem to have been ready
for whatever has come in the rapid and stirring
march of events. They were ready for the
war, appalling as it was, and utterly foreign to
their- habits and tastes. When it came, as I
have shown, they were ready for radical meas-
ures in its prosecution. They were ready,
or soon became ready, to arm the negroes
against their masters, and to demand the com-
plete emancipation of the millions in chains.
They were ready to sacrifice the lives of more
than three hundred thousand brave men to
save the Republic from dismemberment and
ruin. They were ready to send sorrow into
millions of households, and to entail upon their
children a weary burden of debt in order that
freedom should bear rule in these States. They
were ready, when the war was ended, to de-
mand the just chastisement of the great na-
tional criminals who were the instigators of
the desolating conflict. They were ready to
sanction the policy of a Freedmen's Bureau to
guard and care for the men and women made
nominally free by the power of war. They
were ready to pass a constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery forever, and arming Con-
gress with the power, by appropriate legisla-
tion, to make such abolition effective. They
were ready to crown the negro with the honors
of a soldier of the Republic, and ask him to
help defend it against its assassins, and thereby
to pledge themselves before God and man that
he should thenceforward share all the rights
enjoyed by white citizens. They were ready
to say, in January last, through their Repre-
sentatives in this Hall, by a vote of 110 to oi,
that no man under the exclusive jurisdiction
of the national Government should be deprived
of the ballot on account of race or color ; and
they have been disappointed, I am very sure,
in the long delay of like action in the Senate.
And they were ready, speaking through over-
whelming majorities in both Houses of Con-
gress, and in defiance of the Executive, to
indorse the civil rights hill, which lacks only
one short step of reaching the ballot, and the
principles of which can only be defended by a
logic which necessitates the grant of it as the
grandest of all civil rights, and the pledge and
shield of them all.
Mr. Speaker, apeople who have proved them-
selves ready for all this will be found ready to
move steadily forward toward the complete ac-
complishment of their grand purpose. Most
assuredly they will not turn back, nor pause in
their course. Tlieir schooling during the past
five years has armed them against fear, and
the man who says they are not ready for all
measures required to make good to the nation
the righteous ends of the war impeaches both
their intelligence and their patriotism. The
people are not ready! This is the cry which
is daily rung out here from a chorus of voiccs.
We ourselves are all ready, individually, for
the most radical policy, if the country would
sustain us. Impartial suffrage is openly in-
dorsed as the true doctrine, which, in duo sea-
son, the people will be prepared to accept.
They may be ready, we are told, after the fail
elections, and the hope is frequently expressed
that then we shall meet the issue squarely.
Almost everybody, save the most unblushing
copperheads, says that negro voting in the South
is the true reconstruction, and is absolutely
necessary if the rebels are to vote; but the
country is not ripe for it. "Personally," as
Henry Clay said of the annexation of Texas,
all of us "would be glad to see it," but the
issue is premature.
Sir, gentlemen are themselves premature, in
all such statements. The people are ready, in
this battle of politics, and would gladly go to
the front if they could, leaving the politicians
to straggle in the rear. And if the voice of
the loyal millions could be faithfully executed
to-day, treason would be made infamous, trai-
tors would be disfranchised, and the loyal men
of the South, irrespective of color, would take
the front seats in the work of reconstruction
and government. Do you doubt this ? If there
is real union among Union men everywhere,
upon any single point, it is in their absolute
determination to make sure the fruits of their
victory, through whatever measures may be
found needful. Sir, remembering the past, can
any man really believe the loyal masses will
take fright at the spectacle of negro ballots in
the regions blasted by treason? All civil gov-
ernment there is overthrown. The President
himself lias so officially declared. The govern-
ments extemporized there by himself are purely
military, and so far as they have assumed to be
more than that they are simply usurpations.
This is also perfectly understood by the coun-
try. The work of organizing civil govern-
ments in these regions belongs to their people,
subject entirely to the control and direction of
Congress. This, too, has been officially ad-
mitted by the President. And now, if Congress,
at this session, should pass the enabling act
referred to, reported by the venerable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, authorizing the hold-
ing of conventions to form new State govern-
ments, and prescribing the same rule of impar-
tial suffrage as was done by this House for the
District of Columbia, would the people revolt
against it? Would they even be otfended?
Does any intelligent, fair-minded man really
believe it ? The restoration of civil govern-
ment in the South is undeniably necessary.
That Congress alone, in cooperation with the
people, can do this, is equally certain. The
mode of organizing civil government in re-
gions under the national jurisdiction is per-
fectly familiar to the people, and well settled by
long and uniform practice. Who, then, shall
be alarmed, if Congress, in rightfully initiating
new governments, shall secure a voice to the
colored millions who constitute more than two
fifths of the people, and an overwhelming ma-
jority of those who are loyal? What Union
man will iccoil from a policy of impartial jus-
tice? Do we still so love our 1: southern breth-
ren" that we must necessarily give them the
ballot, and so sympathize with their tastes and
dread their ill-will that we must deny it to the
freedinen? Are the people to be dealt with as
idiots or madmen on this subject., and counted
rational on every other? Sir, let us put away
timid counsels, and face the truth like men. Let
us be wise to-day. Letusliavefaithin the sturdy
common sense and unquenchable loyalty and
patriotism of the people, as becomes those who
have seen them confront the greatest of trials,
and never yet found them wanting. Let us
not doubt, for a moment, that they will sustain
us, if we ourselves have the courage which
" mountcth with occasion,'' and will only ''dare
do all that may become a man." Above all,
let us remember that Providential guidance
which in our trials hitherto has favored us ex-
actly in the degree we have allied our cause to
justice, and withheld from us the coveted prize
of success as often as we have sought it at the
expense of the rights of man. That same
Providential discipline will most assuredly go
with us to the end, whether we bravely meet,
the great duties of the crisis or prove ourselves
unequal to our day and our work. Nothing,
therefore, is so safe, and so sure to win, as the
policy which shall make this truth our guide.
God give us faith in His counsels, and courage
to follow them 1 And let us not forget that—
"The wise and active conquer difficulties.
By daring to attempt them; sloth and tolly
Shiver and shrink at sight of trial and hazard,
And make the impossibility they fear."
INDIANA POLICY.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, the Consti-
tution and laws of Indiana relating to negroes
and mulatloes have been so often referred to
in the debates daring the present session of
Congress, and are so different from those of
