1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2251
MESSAGE JROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
-Mr. Porsey, its Secretary, notifying the House
•that that body had passed Senate bill No. 220,
for the relief of certain contractors for the con-
struction of vessels-of-war and steam machinery.
reconstruction again.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, a large portion
'of the President's annual message wasdevoted
.to the question of the reunion of the loyal States
and those which had been in rebellion. Con-
gress was as deeply impressed with the subject
which was coming before them as any other
branch of this Government possibly could be
at the commencement of the present session;
and with a view to do as much and as speedily
as possible to ascertain the condition of the
States which had beenin rebellion, and whether
there was any possibility by which they could
have representation here, a joint committee of
both branches of Congress was appointed, to
whom everything in connection with reconstruc-
tion was'referred for their consideration. We
have several times, sir, heard from that com-
mittee by way of amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States. They have also
taken a large amount of testimony in reference
to the condition of things in those States, and
have from time to time reported that evidence
to the House and Senate. But, Mr. Speaker,
I propose for a few moments to give attention
to the report made by the committee on recon-
struction on the 6th of March last, and a joint
resolution with reference to the State of Ten-
nessee, introduced into the House at that time;
and more particularly to dwell upon the prin-
ciples involved, for the principles involved in
that case will enter into the case of every one
of the rebel States on the question of readmis-
sion.
Mr. Speaker, I suppose that every and any
subject presented to the House pertinent to
these great questions can be scrutinized and
remarked upon. I do not wish to be deemed
officious or captious if I should chance to dif-
fer with fifteen of the wisest men we have in
Congress in some respects as to the report
they made at that time.
I ask-the Clerk to read the joint resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Bingham, from the committee on reconstruc-
tion, reported the following joint resolution:
Joint resolution concerning the State of Tennessee.
Unsolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Cnnr/ress assembled,
That whereas the peoplo of Tennessee have made
known to the Congress of the United States their
desire that the constitutional relations heretofore
existing between them andthoUmtcd States may
be fully established, and did, oil the 22(1 day of Feb-
ruary, 18(35, by a largo popular vote, adopt and ratify
a constitution of government republican in form
and not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws
of the United States, and a State government has
been organised under tlio provisions thereof, which
said provisions, and the laws passed in pursuance
thereof,proclaim and denote loyalty to the Union;
and whereas the people of Tennessee are found to be
in a condition to exercise the functions of a State
within this Union, and can only exeicise the same
by the consent of the law-making power of the Uni-
ted States. Therefore, the State of Tennessee is b ereby
declared to be one of the United States of America,
on an equal footing with the other States, upon the
express condition that the people of Tennessee will
maintain and enforce, in good f;iith, their existing
constitution and laws, excluding those who have
been engaged in rebellion against the United States
from the exercise of the elective franchise, for the
'respective periods of time therein provided for, and
shall exclude the same persons for the like respective
periods of time from eligibility to office; and the
State of Tennessee shall never assume or pay any
debt or obligation contracted or incurred in aid of
the late rebellion; nor shall said State ever in'toy
manner claim from the United States or make any
allowance or compensation for slaves emancipated
or liberated in any way whatever; which conditions
shall be ratified by the Legislature of Tennessee, or
the people thereof, as tho Legislature may direct,
before this act shall take effect-
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, two proposi-
tions will be observed as embodied in that reso-
lution ; one is that it pronounces the constitu-
tion presentedby Tennessee republican in form,
and the other is that the only means by which
the State can have any representation in Con-
gress is to be through the 4 i law-making power
of the United States/7
Together with the resolution came to this
House a large amount of testimony which had
been taken by the committee in reference to the
condition of Tennessee. In this volume is em-
braced an act of the General Assembly of the
State, in which they prescribe who shall exer-
cise the elective franchise. It is as follows:
An act to limit the elective franchise.
Whereas the first article and first section of the
declaration of rights in the constitution of the State
of Tennessee declares, "That all power is inherent
in the people, and all free governments are founded
on their authority and instituted for their peace,
safety, and happiness; for the advancementof these
ends tlioy have at all times an inalienable and inde-
feasible right to alter, reform, or abolish the govern-
ment in such maimer as they may think proper; and
whereas a large and respectablo convention of tho
free and loyal people of the State of Tennessee met
in the city of Nashville on the 9th day of January,
1865, and proposed ccrtain alteiations and amend-
ments to the constitution of tho State of Tennessee,
for rejection or ratification bytlic loyal peopleonthe
22dot Fcbiuary following; and wheTfcassaid amend-
ments and schedule were solemnly ratified with great
unanimity by the authoritative voice of the people;
and whereas the eighth section of said schcdulo pro-
vided for the election of a governor and membeis of
the Legislature on tho 4th day of March, 1865, and
who, in accordance therewith, were elected by the
bal'otsol tho loyal people; and whereas the same
authoritative voice, in section nine of tho schedule,
delegated to the General Assembly meeting first
under this amended constitution, the right to fix tho
qualification ol voters and the limitation of the elect-
ive franchise: Therefore, acting faithfully under and
in accordance with this delegation of the supreme
power,
section 1. Be it cnacted by the General Assembly of
theiStateof Tennessee, That tho following persona, to
wit:
1. Every white man twenty-ono years of age, a
citizen of tho United States and aciti'/en of tho county
wherein ho may offer his vote six months next pro-
ceding the day ot election, and publicly known to
havo entertained unconditional Union sentiments
from the outbreak of the rebellion until the present
time; and
2. Every white man, a citizen of the United States
and a citizen of the county wherein he may oflcr his
vote six months next preceding the day of election,
having arrived at the age ot twenty-ono years since
March 4, 18(35: Provided, That he has not been
engaged in armed rebellion against the authority of
the United States voluntarily; and
3. Every white in an of lawful age coming from
another State, and being a citizen of the United
States, on proof of loyalty to the United States, and
being a citizen ot the county wherein he may offer
his vote six months next preceding the day of elec-
tion; and
4. Every white man, a citizen of the United States
and a citizen of this State, who has served as a soldier
in the Army of tho UnitedStates, and haS been or may
be hereafter honorably discharged therefrom; and
5. Every white man ot lawful age, a citizen of the
United States and a citizcn of the county wherein he
may offer his vote six months next preceding the day
of election, who was conscripted byfoice into tho
so-called confederate army, and vr;is known to bo a
Union man, on proot of loyalty to tho United States,
established by the testimony of two voters under tho
previousclauses of this section; and
6. Eveiy white man who voted in this State at the
presidential election m November, 1804, or voted on
the 22d of February, 1865, or voted on tho 4th of March,
186-3, in this State, and all otheis who had taken the
"oath of allegiance"' to tho United States, and may
be known by tho judges of election to have been true
friends to the Government ol the United States, and
would have voted m said previously mentioned elec-
tions if the same had been holden within their rcach,
shall bo entitled to the privileges of the elective
franchise.
Sec. 2. Beit further enacted, That all persons who
are or shall have been civil or diplomatic otiicers or
agents of the so-called confederate States of America,
or who havo left judicial stations under the United
States or tho State of Tennessee to aid, in any way,
the existing or recent rebellion against the authority
of the United States, or who are or shall have been
military or naval officers of theso-ealled confederate
States, above the rank of captain in the army or licu-
tenantinthenavy; or who have left scats in the United
States Congress or seats in the Legislature of the State
of Tennessee to aid said rebellion, or have resigned
commissionsin the Army or Navy of the United States,
and afterward have voluntarily given aid to said
rebellion; or persons who have engaged in treating
otherwiso than lawfully, as prisoners of war, persons
found in the United Statcsservice asoflieers, soldiers,
seamen, or in any other capacities; or persons who
have been or are absentees from the United States
for the purpose of aiding the rebellion; or persons
who held pretended offices under the government of
States in insurrection against the United States^ or
persons who loft their homes within the jurisdiction
and protection of the United States, or fled before the
approach of the national forces and passed beyond
the Federal military lines i-nto the so-called conied-
erate States, for the purpose of aiding tho rebellion,
shall be denied and refused the privilege of the elect-
ive franchise in this State for tho term ot iiiteen
years from and after the passage ol this act.
Sec. 3. Beit further cnacfed, That all other persons,
except those mentioned in section one ot this act, are
- hereby and henceforth excluded and domed the ex-
ercise of tho privilege of tho oleetive franchise in this
State for tho term of five years from and after the
passage of this aot.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That all persons em-
braced in section three ofthis act, after the expiration
of said live years, may be readmitted to the privilege
of the elective franchise by petition to tho circuit or
chancery court, on proof of loyalty to the United
States, in open court, upon the testimony of two or
more loyal citizons of the United States.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That so long as any of
tho whito citizens of tho State of Tennessee, who by
this act are entitled to cxercisc tho oleetive franchise,
shall be connected with tho Army of the United States,
or with tho military force of this State in actual ser-
vice, the Governor shall issue writs of election to the
commanding officers of such brigades, regiments, or
detachments of Tennessee soldiers, wherever located,
who shall open and hold the election, and receive the
votes of their respective commands, and return the
same to the secretary of state, and which shall be
counted in the same way and manner as if said votes
had been ca^t in any of the counties of tho State to
which tho soldiers belonged.
It will be observed, in looking over this act,
or the portion to which I direct your attention
more particularly, that the elective franchise
is to be limited to the white citizens of the
State, those who have been loyal, as it dis-
franchises those who have been engaged in the
rebellion. And further, this act is final upon
the subject; as the constitution, as amended,
"delegated to the General Assembly meeting
first under this amended constitution, the right
to fix the qualification of voters and the limit-
ation of the elective franchise." So that fur-
ther to amend the act from the reading of the
schedule it would seem is not in the power of
the General Assembly.
Now i wish to present a few facts immedi-
ately under this proposition. The resolution
says that the constitution is republican in form.
With the constitution comes this act of the
Legislature upon the subject of the elective
franchise. All the facts are embraced in the
report which we received from the committee
at the same time that this resolution was intro-
duced. I have taken the trouble to make a
little table from the census of 18(30, which is as
follows:
States. White. Colored. IF". C.
Virginia 1,047,411 548,907 Less than 2 to 1
Tennessee  826,782 283,019 Less than 3 to 1
Noi th Carolina, 631,100 361.522 Lesa than 2 to 1
South Carolina, 291,388 412,320 Less than 3 to 4
Georgia  501,588 465,698 Less than 3 to 2
Florida  77,748 62,677 Less than 5 to 4
Alabama  52(U31 437,770 Less than 5 to 4
Mississippi  353.HJ01 437,404 Less than 1 to 1
Louisiana  357,629 350,373 Nearly equal.
Texas  421,294 182.021 Lees than 3 to 1
Arkansas  324,191 111,259 Nearly 3tol
Total 3,053,870 Less than 5 to 3
In which I have united together in one sum
the slave population in each State with the free
population of the same, because since the slaves
have become free they belong to the free col-
ored population of the State, and I find this to
be the fact with reference to Tennessee: white
population, 826,782; free colored population,
283,019.
The proportion is less than three white citi-
zens to one colored. In other words, the col-
ored population in 1860 was more than one
fourth of the population of the State.
It is but a few days since a law passed this
Congress more dignified than legislative enact-
ments usually are, for the reason that it passed,
notwithstanding the veto of the President, by
more than a two-thirds vote of each House.
What did that law declare? I do not conside*
that we made the native-born colored man a
citizen by it, for I believe that without that
enactment he was a citizen of the United
States; and I believe that a majority of the
people so believe. The most eminent men of
the nation for wisdom and learning so con-
strued the Constitution of the United States.
But we declared it thus solemnly that native-
born inhabitants, no matter of what racc or
color, were citizens of the United States.
Now, then, what is the simple fact presented
by the figures? We have some means of arriv-
ing at the measure of loyalty or disloyalty in
the State of Tennessee. It is said that that
State furnished thirty thousand Union soldiers
to help fight the battles against the rebels. It
is said on the other hand that Tennessee fur-
nished one hundred thousand men for the rebel
