1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
cause to be subjected any inhabitant [citizen] of any
State or Territory to the deprivation of any right
secured or protected by this act, or to different pun-
ishment, pains, or penalties on account of such per-
son having at any time been held in a condition of
slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
mont for crime whereof the pa,rty shall have been
duly convicted, or by reason of his color or race, than
is prescribed for the punishment of white persons,
shall bodecmedguiltyof a misdemeanor, ana on con-
viction shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
$1,000, or imprisonment not exceeding ono year, or
both.
Mr. Speaker, the word "inhabitant" is printed
in the second section in mistake for "citizen."
I say this upon the suggestion of the chairman
of the committee. If this is to be the language
of the bill, by enacting it are we not committing
the'terrible enormity of distinguishing here in
the laws in respect to life, liberty, and property
between the citizen and stranger within your
gates? Do wo not thereby declare the States
may discriminate in the administration of jus-
tice for the protection of life against the stranger
irrespective of racc or color?
Sir, that is forbidden by the Constitution of
your country. The great men who made that
instrument, when they undertook to make pro-
vision, by limitations upon the power of this
Government, for the security of the universal
rights of man, abolished the narrow and limited
phrase of the old Magna Cliarta of five hundred
years ago, which gave the protection of the
laws only to "free men" and inserted in its
stead the more comprehensive words, "no per-
son theieby obeying thai higher lawgiver! by
a voice out of heaven: "Ye shall have the
same law for the stranger as for one of your own
country." Thus, in respect to life and liberty
and property, the people by their Constitution
declared I lie equality of all men, and by express
limitation forbade the Government of the Uni-
ted States from making any discrimination.
This bill sir, with all respect I submit, de-
parts from that great law. The alien is not a
citizen. You propose to enact this law, you say,
in the interests of the freodmon. But do yon
propose to allow these discriminations lo be
made in States against the alien and stranger?
Can such legislation be sustained by reason or
conscience? With all respect to every gentle-
man who may lie a supporter of it, 1 ask, can it
be sanctioned? Is it not as unjust as the unjust
State legislation you seek to remedy? iour
Constitution says "no person," not "no citi-
zen," "shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
property," without due process of law.
It the bill of rights, us has been solemnly
ruled by the Supreme Court of the United
States, does not limit Iho powers of Stales and
prohibit such gross injustice by States, it does
limit the power of Congress and prohibit any
such legislation by Congress.
Uut, sir, on yesterday, the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buoomau,]—
than-whom there is no more candid or just
gentleman in the House—treated this measure
as though it, was a bill simply for the protec-
tion of freed men in their rights for the time
being in the lali; insurrectionary States. That
is a great mistake, ft applies to every State
in the Union, to States which have never been
in insurrection, and is to be enforced in every
Slate of the Union, not only for the present but
for all future time, or until it shall be repealed
by some subsequent act of Congress, ltdoes
not evpire by virtue of its own limitation; itis
intended to lie permanent.
And let me here suggest to the House that
this bill standi in strange contrast with the
solemn action of the Senate and of the House
in that just and righteous bill known as the
Freedmon's Bureau bill. I shall not now take
up the time of the House to read the seventh
and eighth sections of that bill. But I beg
leave to remark to the House, and I ask con-
sideration to the fact, that the seventh and
eighth sections of the Freedmen's Bureau bill
enumerate the same rights and all the rights
and privileges that are enumerated in the first
section of this bill, and for a violation of those
rights and privileges within any of the insur-
rectionary States they impose the same penalty,
and no other, than that which is imposed by
the second section of this bill. But it contains
this remarkable provision, that the jurisdiction
conferred by the seventh and eighth sections
upon the Freedmen's Bureau to inflict these
penalties and enforce the rights enumerated
shall cease and determine upon the restoration
of those insurrectionary States to their consti-
tutional relations with the United States, and
theiestablishment therein of the courts.
The two sections referred to of the Freed-
men's Bureau bill, so recently passed and vetoed,
are as follows:
"Sec.7. And be it further enacted, That whenever in
any State or district in which the ordinary course of
judicial proceedings has been interrupted by the re-
bellion, and wherein, in consequence of any State or
local law, ordinance, police or other regulation, cus-
tom. or prejudice, any of the civil rights or immuni-
ties belonging to white persons, including the right
to make and enforco contracts, to sue, bo parties,and
give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold,
and convoy real and personal property, and to have
full and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for
tho security of pcison and estate, including the con-
stitu ti onal right of bearing arms, are refused or denied
to negroes, inulattocs, freedmen, refugees, or any other
porsons, on account of race, color, or any previous con-
dition of slavery or involuntary servitude, or wherein
they or any of them are subjected to any other or dif-
foront punishment, pains, or penalties for the com-
mission of any act or offense, tlnin are prescribed for
white porsons committing like acts or offenses, it shall
be the duty of the President of the United States,
through tho Commissioner, to extend military pro-
tection and jurisdiction over alt casos affecting such
persons so discriminated against.
"Sbo. 8. And he it further enacted, That any person
who, undercolor of any State or local law, ordinance,
police or other regulation, or custom, shall, in any
State ordistricl in which the ordinary coarse of judi-
cial proceedings has been interrupted by tho rebel-
lion, subject, or cause to bo subjected, any negro,
mulatto, frccdman, refugee, or other person, on ac-
count of raco or ■color, or any previous condition of
slavery or involuntaiy servitude, or for any other
cause, to the deprivation of any civil right secured
to whito persons, or to any other or diflerent pun-
ishment than white persons aro subject to tor tho
commission of liko acts or offenses, shall bo deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and be punished by tine
not exceeding $1,000, or imprisonment not exceeding
one year, or both; and it shall be the duty of tho
ollieers and agents of this bureau to tako jurisdiction
of, and hoar and determine all offenses committed
against the provisions of this section, and also of all
eases affecting negroes, mutattocs, frocdmen, refu-
gees, or other persons who are discriminated against
in any of the particulars mentioned in the preceding
section of this act, under such rules and regulations
ns the President of the United States, through tho
War DcpartimwL shall prescribe. The jurisdiction
conferred by tHR and tho preceding section on tho
oHicors. and agents of this bureau shall ceaso and
determine whenever tho discrimination on account
of which it is conferred ceases, and in no event to be
exercised in any Stato in which tho ordinary course
of judicial proceedings has not been interrupted by
tlio rebellion, nor in any such State after said State
shall.have been fully restored in all its constitutional
relations to the United States, and tho courts of tho
Suite and of the United States within the same aro
not disturbed or slopped in tho peaceable course of
justice."
This jurisdiction shall cease, and in no event
be exercised in any /Stale, after said State shall
have been fully restored in all its constitutional
relations to the United States. What was
that but a solemn declaration by the Senate
and House of licpresentalives to the whole
world that during tho insurrectionary condition
of the States we have tho power, and the duty
rests upon lis, to enforce these rights of per-
son and citizen, in behalf not only of those
freedmen but of refugees and of all men within
the limits of tho insurrectionary district, by the
establishment of this extraordinary bureau of
justice kuown as the Freedmen's Bureau?
What was it but the solemn conviction and
declaration of Congress that with the resto-
ration of those States to their constitutional
relations, and tho establishment of courts of
justice therein, our powers in the premises
cease, and under the Constitution of the coun-
try freedmen and refugees alike are dependent
for justice and their rights upon the civil adminis-
trators of the law within those respective States?
Why did not the Congress declare in that bill
that upon the restoration of the civil author-
ity wit bin those States and when the courts of
the United States therein shall no longer "be
stopped in the peaceable course of justice,"
the jurisdiction thus conferred should bo cxer-
cised by the courts of the United States? Why,
on tho contrary, did tho Congress solemnly cnaet
by that bill that upon such restoration this juris-
diction for the protection of refugees ^ind freed-
men should cease and determine ? It was a con-
fession by solemn and formal enactment that in
that event your judicial power in the premises
is ended.
It was that, sir, and nothing but that. I
would be ashamed, sir, to go to your tribune,
and take upon my soul the oath prescribed by
the Constitution, if I thought this Government
had not the power to establish tribunals of jus-
tice within the .insurrectionary districts during
the time of insurrectioft-and until the duly or-
jUUWt/UUU \SA lilCj AJ.Wvi Vjty CfcliVi. jji. vj j w
men alike. Hence, sir, I stand by the Freed-
men's Bureau bill; and standing by that bill I
hold it up this day before the House as a point,
blank condemnation of the attempt to assert
this great power over States duly organized,
and sustaining their full constitutional relation
to the Governmentof the United States, and in,
which the courts are not " disturbed or stopped
in the peaceable course of justice."
This brings me, sir, to the closing remark
which I propose to make on this subject, and
that is this : that in the language of the "old
man eloquent,'' which I have had occasion more
than once to quote upon'Ais floor in the hear-
ing of some of those who now honor me with
their'attention, in time of war, whether it be
civil or foreign war, the public safety becomes
the highest law; and tribunals of States and
institutions of States, to use his own terse
words, "go by the board for the time being,"
But when peace is restored ; when the courts
of justice are opened; when her white-robed
ministers take the golden scales into their hands,
justice is to be administered under the Con-
stitution, according to the Constitution, and
within the limitation of the Constitution.
What is that limitation, sir? Simply this,
that the care of the property, the liberty, and
the life of the citizen, under the solemn sanction
of an oath imposed by your Federal Constitu-
tion, is in the States, and not in the Federal
Government. I have sought to effect no change
inthatrespectinthe Constitution of the country.
I have advocated here an amendment which
would arm Congress with the power to compel
obedience to the oath, and punish all viola-
tions by State officers of the bill of rights, but
leaving those officers to discharge the duties
enjoined upon them as citizens of the United
States by that oath and by that Constitution.
Standing upon this position, I may borrow the
words of the most distinguished man who was
ever sent hither from the Old World to make
a personal observation of the workings of our
institutions, as truly descriptive of the Amer-
ican system : " centralized government, decen-
tralized administration." That, sir, coupled
with your declared purpose of equal justice, is
tho secret of your strength and power.
I hold, sir, that our Constitution never con-
ferred upon the Congress of the United States
the power—sacred as life is, first as it is be-
fore all other rights which pertain to man on
this side of the grave—to protect it in time of
peace by the terrors of the penal code within
organized States ; and Congress has never at-
tempted to do it. There never was a law upon
tho United States statute-book to punish the
murderer for taking away in time of peace the
life of the noblest, and tho most unoffending
as well, of your citizens, within the limits of
any State of the Union. The protection of the
citizen in that respect was left to the respect-
ive States, and there the power is to-day. What
yon cannot do by direction you cannot do by
indirection.
To show that I am not mistaken on this sub-
ject, I desire to read the language of one of
those grand intellects who during life illustrated
the jurisprudence of our country, and has left
in his works a perpetual monument of his
genius, his learning, and his wisdom, I read
from the text of Chancellor Kent:
"Thejudicial power of the United States is neces-
sarily limited to national objects. The vast field of
the law of property, the very extensive bead of eiiuity
jurisdiction, the principal rights and duties which
tlow from our civil and domestic relations fall within
tho control, and wo might almost say tho exclusive
