4172
THE OOMRESSIQNAL GLOBE,
July 26,
of the Secretary of the Treasury;" and in line
one hundred and fifty-five, after the word "dol-
lars," to strike out the words "is hereby ap-
propriated for said alteration and repairs, pay-
able out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated;" so that the clause
will read:
To alter and ropairthe building in the city of Phil-
adelphia belonging to the United States, known as
the Pennsylvania Bank building, so as to render it
suitable fortheoccupancy of the appraisers connected
with the customs atPbiladelphi'a, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to and including the following clause:
To enable the Secretary of "War to make tho pay
of tho persons employed at any time during the last
fiscal year as temporary clerks in the office of tho
Quartermaster General, or any division thereof, equal
to the pay of first-class clerks, which is hereby di-
rected, such sum as may bo necessary for this purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the word "last"
before "fiscal" ought to be "present," so as
to make it apply to the present fiscal year. The
technical language of that clause will extend
it back to 18G1. I suggest to the chairman to
strike out tho word "last" and insert "present."
I think that is what it means.
Sir. FESSENDEN. That did not occur to
me before, but I am very much inclined to
think it was intended for the last fiscal year.
Mr. SIIEUMAN. I do not think it ought
to be so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The fact as stated to
me about il was that certain clerks were tem-
porarily employed there on trial, the trial being
intended to be about thirty days and at a
reduced rate; but instead of being kept thirty
days oil trial, they have been kept along eight
or nine months, doing all the work of first-
class clerks precisely as they did it; and we
thought it, was no more than fair to pay them
at the same rate as first-class clerks. That is
tho meaning of it.
Mr. SIIEUMAN. I will not insist on the
amendment; I liavenoparticulardesireaboutit.
The next amendment was in section two,
line seven, to strike out "seven" and insert
"six," and also to strike out "ยง4,870 45" and
to insert "$374 05;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 2. Andbeit furthrrenneted, That for increased
compensation of tho chief justice and associate ius-
tices of the supremo court of thcDisluetot Columbia,
authorized by thesooond section of the act of Junol.
J80f>, to the 30th day of June, ISCki, the sum of ยง374 63
is hereby nppiopriatcd.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that sufficient to pay
the increased compensation.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. (n another bill we pro-
vided for tho increase for the present year.
This section was intended to cover tho appro-
priation for the present fiscal year, as well as
one month in the last year; but we have appro-
priated in another biil for the present year;
and as we have amended it, this only pays the
difference in a month's salary.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out tho
third section, in tho following words:
Sue. 3. Awl be it further ennctrd, That such sum as
may bo required to enable the Clerk of the House of
Representatives to executo tho resolutions of tho
Jl<;u-i<! of the present session, directing the payment
ot increased and additional compensation to officers
clerks, messengers, and others in the employ of the
Iloitac of Ki preoentatives, including the Oapitol
police, bo, and tliesamo is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is simply the
same matter that they sent us once before,
and we once yielded to. of legalizing the action
of the House increasing the compensation of
its clerks.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fourth section, in the following words:
() 8i:c. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the words
one year." in the proviso regulating the distribution
"t a certain fund among the clerks and employes of
the Treasury Department who had served therein one
year piior to July l,3&>(j, in tho act making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expensesof the Government forthe year ending Juno
30, 1867, and for other purposes, approved July 23,
1866, are hereby changed to six months, and the same
shall be construed accordingly.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know why the
committee struck that out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "We legislated on this
subject in the legislative appropriation bill fully.
There was a difference between the House and
Senate on the subject with regard to giving this
increased compensation at all. The Senate
had refused to give it so far as many of them
were concerned; the House insisted upon it.
We finally agreed that the compensation should
be given, but it should only be given to clerks
who had served one year. The result was that
we had a committee waiting upon us to know
why those who had served eleven months could
not have it. They thought that was so near the
time fixed, they ought to have it, and if we had
made it six months that would be right. Then
I asked them what those who had served five
months would say to that; and if we put it at
five months, what those who had served four
months would say to that. We should get into
tho same difficulty precisely; and after estab-
lishing a rule by the consent of both Houses,
we thought it very unwise to be continually
changing it. The effect of changing it will be
to give it to everybody.
Mr. CONNESS. The reasoning of the Sen-
ator would be very good if this were an origi-
nal proposition; but as it comes from the House
it appears to me that we might readily accede
to it, and that the reasoning is not quite so
good.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only the House
insisting in another way on doing what they
gave up on full conference before.
Mr. CONNESS. But my appeal to the Sen-
ator is upon this ground, and I think it is the
strong point in the case: that in adopting this
proposition of the House wc take the more lib-
eral and generous view of the case, and it will
only include a few more deserving persons. I
need not tell the Senator that those persons
regard it like manna from heaven; it is the
brightest light that has beamed upon their
vision for many a day. I believe that the chair-
man of the Finance Committee and the Senate
are generous enough to accede to this proposi-
tion and to include a few more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will include a great
many more. The proposition, if adopted, will
take a great many thousand dollars out of the
Treasury. It will include all the first and sec-
ond class clerks, all the women, all the labor-
ers, all the messengers, all the watchmen, and
it is to come, not out of any fund particularly,
but out of the Treasury. If you adopt this sec-
tion, you do not save yourselves from further
difficulty, for those who have been there under
six months will claim just as much, and you
will have the same trouble over again. As we
have settled it at this session, it would be most
unwise, hi my judgment, to allow ourselves to
change it. I hope the Senate will strike out
this section and not bring up that vexed ques-
tion again.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fifth section, in the following words:
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted. That the sum of
tSiOOObe, and is hereby, appropriated to pay Madison
iMvcetzer. upon condition that the said Madison
Sweelzer shall first, by agood andsufficient deed, con-
vey to the United States all his right, title, and inter-
est in and to tho following lands, convoyed by the
united States to Joseph Richardville, sr., and Joseph
Richard ville, jr., by treaty at St. Mary's, October 6,
181S, to wit: the west half of section No. 23, the east
ball of section No. 28, and section No. 27, of township
five south, range four east, lying in the county of Au-
glaize and State of Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason why wo
struck that out was because it is a private claim.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to amend the
section before the vote is taken ou striking it
out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proper wav would
be to allow the vote to be taken on striking
it out,_and then, if that fails, to move to in-
sert aiterward, because this being a private
claim 
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not come within
the rule as it comes to us in the bill from the
House. The Senate rule only applies to amend-
ments offered in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itcomesundertherule
of the Finance Committee and which you and
I have always acted upon and enforced to the
best of our ability.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would always vote to
exclude from a House appropriation bill a pri-
vate claim; but I wish to change the character
of this section before the vote is taken on strik-
ing it out. That is tho easiest form in which
to do it. I move to strike out in lines three,
four, and five the words "pay Madison Sweet-
zer upon condition that the said Madison
Sweetzer shall, first, by a good and sufficient
deed, convey to the United States all his right,
title, and interest in and to," and insert in
lieu thereof " enable the Secretary of the In-
terior to quiet the title of the occupants of;"
so that the section will read:
That tho sum of $32,000 be, and is hereby, appropri-
ated to enable the Secretary of the Interior to quiet
the title of the occupants of the following lands, &c.
I examined this question thoroughly this
morning in connection with the Senator from
Maine, and I am satisfied it would promote the
public interest to pass this proposition in some
form. The only doubt I had was as to the
amount. The facts are about these: in 1816, by
an Indian treaty, the United.States granted in
severalty to the persons named in this bill, ttvo
Indians or half-breeds, I am informed, two
sections of land in St. Mary's purchase, as it is
called. At a subsequent date, in 1826, the
United States sold this land to other parties.
One of the Indians had died and the other was
a minor and did not present or make a claim.
He was not in a condition to make it. Subse-
quently judgment was obtained against the In-
dian who had undoubtedly the legal title to two
sections of land in favor of Madison Sweetzer,
a citizen of the State of Indiana.
Mr. JOHNSON. How did he get it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Richardville owed money
and Sweetzer got a judgment against the In-
dian, levied it in 1855 upon this land, and sold
it. Tn the mean time the United States had
sold it in the ordinary course of settlement of
the public lands, and it is now occupied by
some twenty-two families and divided into
small tracts varying from twenty acres up to
one hundred and twenty, and lying near a
flourishing village in Ohio. Madison Sweetzer
thereupon commenced an action of ejectment
against the occupants of this land, and by the
judgment of the Supreme Court finally main-
tained his title and got an order of eviction,
and he has now a writ of eviction against the
parties in possession of the land, under the
decision of the Supreme Court; so that the
truth is, the United States having first given
this land to an Indian, subsequently sold it,
and the title of the Indian is now vested in
Madison Sweetzer under a sale upon his judg-
ment. It is manifest, therefore,, that the Uni-
ted^ States must by some rule of law either
maintain the title of the present occupants, or
pay back the purchase money with interest
and such stipulated damages as the law would
allow. That is perfectly clear.
Under these circumstances, two years affo
a bill passed both Houses authorizing an ap-
praisement of this land upon certain principles
in order to ascertain how much the Uniied
States ought to pay to protect the settlers who
held under the patents of the United States. I
arn told thatthefirst appraisement was 812,800.
1 his appraisement Sweetzer. who held his writ,
refused to take. His title had been perfected
by the decisions of tho courts and he was enti-
tled to turn these people out of doors, although
m all probability, if he were to attempt to do
so, it would create trouble and perhaps a riot in
the community, as the people were all against
his claim. Thereupon the citizens applied for a
reappraisement, desiring that Sweetzer's claim
might be satisfied and that their title might be
protected.
At this session we passed a joint resolution
