228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
passengers and freight from any one State^ to
another State, notwithstanding any inhibition
which may have been imposed by local State
enactment. I say inhibition, for the exclusive
frant of a privilege to one party is a virtual in-
ibition to all other parties of the exercise of
the same privilege. Congress may, as indeed
it has done, declare all railroads to be post
routes. It may, as indeed it has done, as in
the case of the Illinois Central and other rail-
roads, declare all railroads to be public high-
ways. And with equal authority it may declare
all railroads to be lawful structures, and hav-
ing equal privileges to carry passengers and
merchandise'' from one State to another State.''
This whole question of the extent of the power
of. Congress to " regulate commerce among Iho
several States" was fully considered by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and upon
an argument on either side of conceded and
consummate ability—by Mr. Webster and Mr.
Wirt on the one side, and by Mr. Emmett and
Mr. Oakley on the other—some forty years ago,
in the famous and familiar ease of Gibbons and
Ogden, and which has heretofore and often
been cited in debate upon this bill. This case
grew out of an act of the Legislature of New
York granting to Livingston and Fulton the ex-
clusive privilege of navigating by steam vessels,
for a term of years, the navigable waters within
the jurisdiction of the State. Though this was*
a ease of navigation, yet the court considered
the general question of the power of Congress to
" regulate commerce among the several States,5'
however carried on, whether by water or by
land; whether by navigation or by land con-
veyance; whether by steamships or by steam
cars. The court in that case considered and
determined (he question of the extent of the
power of Congress over the subject of com-
merce among the States without regard to any
particular mode or agency by-which it might be
conducted. The judgment of the court was in
support of the power of Congress over the whole
subject of commerce among the States, and
against the validity of the State grant.
In this connection I will take leave to read,
from the elaborate and masterly opinion of
Chief Justice Marshall, who pronounced the
judgment of the court, a few paragraphs, as
havinga direct, and, as L think, a decisive, bear-
ing upon the immediate question before us:
"To whatcommwc doesthispowor extend? The
Constitution informs us, to commerce 'with foreign
nations?, and among' the several States, ami with the
Indian tribes/
"It has,wo believe.been universally admittedthat
theso words eompiohond every species ot commercial
intercourse between the United State-? and for'Mien
nations, No sort of trade can he carried on betw con
th is.country and any othtr to which this i>owor does
nut extend^ It has boon truly s-aid that commerce,
as the word is used in the Con---htution, is a unit, every
part ofwhich is indicated by the term.
M3f this he, the admitted meaning ot the word, in its
application to foreign nations* it mu^t can y I ho same
meaning throughout (he sentence, and i em am a unit,
unless there be some plain, intelligible eauso which
alteisil.
"The puhieet to whiehthe power is next applied is
to commereo'anionic the severaJ State-:.' Tho wonl
4among-' moans intermingled with. A thnvr which is
anions other-*, is intermingled with them. Commerc e
among the State-: eannof >top at (he external bound-
ary line of each State, but may be introduced into the
interior.
"It is not intended to say that these words compre-
hend that commerce which is completely internal,
which is carried on between man and man in a State,
Or between different parts of the same Slate, ami
which does not extend to or affect other States. Such
a power would be inconvenient, and is certainly un-
neeo arj.
"Comprehensive as the word 'among' is, it may
very properly bo restricted to that commerce which
concerns more States than one. The phrase is not
one which would probably have been selected to indi-
cate the completely interior traliie of a State, because
it is not an apt phrase for that puiposo; and the
enumeration of the particular classes ol'commerce to
which the power was to bo extended would not have
been made had the intention been to extend the power
to every description. The enumeration presupposes
something not enumerated; and th.it something, if
we regard the language or the subject of the sentence,
must be the exclusively internal commerce of a State.
The genius and chaiaeter of the whole 'rOVLrnment
seem to be that its action is to bo applied to all the
external concerns of the nation, and to tho-c internal
concern^ wnich affecttho Scales generally; but not to
those which are completely within a particular State,
which do not affect other States, and with which it «=?
pot necessary to interfere for the purpose of executing
some of the general powers of the Government. Tho
completely internal coinmercc of a State, then, may
be considered as reserved lor tho State itself."—9
Wheaton's Iteports, 1(J4.
" Commerce among the States must, of necessity, be
commerce with the States. In the regulation of trade
with the Indian tribes the action of the law, es-
pecially when the Constitution was made, was chiefly
within a State. The power of Congress, then, what-
ever it may be, must be exercised within the terri-
torial jurisdiction of the several States. Tho sense of
the nation on this subject is unequivocally manifested
by the provisions made in the laws for transporting
goods by land between Baltimore and Piovidence,
between New York and Philadelphia, and between
Philadelphia and Baltimore.
"AVe are now arrived at the inquiry, what is this
power?
"It is tho power to regulate, that is, to prescribe
the rule by which commerce is to be governed. This
power, like all others vested in Congress, is complete
in itself, may be exercised to its utmost extent, and
acknowledges no limitations other than are prescribed
in the Constitution. These arc expressed in plain
terms, and do not affect the questions which arise in
this case, or which have been discussed at the bar. If,
as has always been understood, the sovereignty of
Congress, though limited to specified objects, is ple-
nary as to those objects, the power over commerce with
foreign nations and among the several States is vested
in Congress as absolutely as it would be in a single
Government, having in its constitution the same re-
strictions on the exercise of the power as arc found
in the Constitution of tho United States."—Jb id, p.196.
In this connection I take leave also to read
several extracts from tho argument of Mr.
Webster in this case. Although it is the argu-
ment of counsel in behalf of his client, it is
nevertheless the argument of a master mind;
the argument of a master of the subject; the
argument of the great expositor of the Consti-
tution, addressed to the reason and the under-
standing, upon the points raised of constitu-
tional law and construction:
" fn regard to those ads he should con I end, in the
first place, that they exceeded the pov. or ot the Legis-
lature; and. secondly, that if they could be consid-
ered v.ilnl tor any purpose ihey were \ <>ul, stiJ i, as
awdnst an> light enjoyed under tho law-* ot the Uni-
ted Slates with winch they came in coll>-ion; and
that, in thin ease, they weic found intending with
such rights.
"Jle should contend that the power of Congress
to regulate commerce was complete and entire, and,
to a certain extent, nece^arilj exclusive; that tho
acts in question Were regulations of commerce, in a
most important particular, and affecting it in those
respects in which it was under the exclusive author-
ity of Congress." i- - * '
" And, as some powers have been holdenexclusive,
and others not so, under t lie same form of expression,
from the nature ot tho ditWont powers respectively,
so, whore the power, on any one subject, is given in
general words, like the power to retaliate commerce,
the tine method ofcontraction would boto consider
of what parts the grant is composed, and which of
those, from the nature of the thing, ought to be con-
sidered exclusive. Therurhtsetup in this case, under
the laws of N ew York, is a monopoly. N ow, he thought
it very lea^on.ible to say that the Constitution never
intended to leave with tlieStatcs the power ot grant-
ing monopolies, either of trade or of navigation ; and,
therefore, that as to this the commercial power was
exclusive in Congrcs-'." 5 1
"Few things were better known than the immediate
causes wh'udi led to the adoption ot the present Con-
stitution; and he thouuht nothing clearer than the
prevailing motive was to regulate commerce; to res-
cue it fiom tho einbaiias--ing'\ind distinctive conse-
(iueneos resulting from the legislation of so many
different States, ar.d to place it under the protection
of a uniform law." - ^ .
41 I>y i he Confederation divers re -ti Ietion« had been
imposed on the States; but these had not been found
.-ufhf lent." > ■ . : =•
"The State could still, each for itself, l caul ate com-
merce, and the oonseqnonoe wa > n perpetual jarring
and ho-tilitv of commercial regulations.
" 3n thchHory of the times, it was accordingly found
that tho pre at topic urged on all occasions, as show -
ing the necessity of a new and different government,
was the suite of trade and commerce."
"The leading :-tafe papers of the times aic full of
this topic. The New Jersey resolutions complain that
tho regulations of trade were in the power ot the sev-
eral States, within their scpai.itejuusdiction, in tueh
ad^ccreeas lomvolveman> diftieulriet* and embarrass-
ments; and they express au earne-t opinion that ihe
sole and exclusive power of regulating tiado with for-
eign States ought to be in Congios. j\h. "Wither-
spoon's motion m Conrro^s, in VfS1, is of the same
general charactei ; and the report of a committee of
tlmtbody, in ITS"), is still more emphatic. It declares
that Congress uii'ihl to possess the sole and exclusive
power of regulating trade, as well vrith foreign na-
tions up between the State*." *
"Over whatevei other interests of the countiy this
l Government may diffuse its benefits and its blessings,
I it will always be true, as a matter of historical fact,
that it had its immediate orhrm m the necessities ot
commerce, and, for it; immediate object, the relief of
tho so no, t'cs-.itie-". bv removing their caii-.o^ and by es-
tablishing a uniform and steady sv,-ien:.''
"Wo do not find, 1211 he Ins) o. \ of iho forma (ion and
adoption of the Con-ti tut ion, th .it any ma- speaks of a
general concurrent power, in the regulation of foreign
and domestic trade, as still residing in the States. The
very object intended, more than any other, was to take
away such power. If it had riot so provided, the Con-
stitution would not have been worth accepting.
"He contended, therefore, that the people intended,
in establishing the Constitution, to transfer from the
several States to a G-cneral Government those high
and important powers over commerccwhich.in their
exorcise, were to maintain a uniform and general sys-
tem. From the veiy iiatuie of the ease, these powers
must be exclusive; that is, tho highest branches of
commercial regulation must be exclusively committed
to a single hand. "What is it that is to be regulated?
Not the commerce of the several States, respectively,
hut tho, commerce of the United States. Henceforth,
the commerce of the States was to be,a unit: and the
system by which it was to exist and be governed must
neecssarilybocomplete,entire,andunif'orm. Itschar-
acter was to be described in the flag which waved over
it, IH pluribus unum.
"Now, how could individual States assert a right
of concurrent legislation, in a case of this sort, with-
out manifest encroachment and confusion ? It should
be repeated, that the words used in the Constitution,
'to regulate commerce,' are so very general and ex-
tensive, that they might be construed to cover a vast
field of legislation, part of which has always been oc-
cupied by State laws: and, therefore, the words must
have a reasonablcconstruetion, and the power should
be considered as exclusively vested in Congress so
far, and so far only, as the nature of tho power re-
quires. And he insisted that the nature of the case,
and of the power, did imperiously require that such
important authority as that of granting monopolies
of trade and navigation should not be considered as
still retained by tho States." * \ *
"But, although much had been said, in the discus-
sion on former occasions, about this supposed concur-
rent power in the States, he found great difficulty in
understanding what was meant by it. It was generally
qualified by saying that it was a power by which the
States could pass laws 011 the subjects of commercial
regulation.which would be valid until Congress should
pass other laws controlling them, or inconsistent with
them, and that then the State laws must yield. What
sort of concurrent powers were these which could not
exist together ? Indeed, the very reading of the clause
in the Constitution must put to flight this notion of
a general concmrcnt power. The Constitution was
formed for all tho States; and Congress was to havo
power to regulate commerce." * : x
"A road, indeed, might be a matter of general com-
meicial concei n. I11 many cases it ir> so ; and, when it
is so, he thought there was no doubt of tho power of
Congress to make it." • .- « >•
" Now.it must bcrcmcmbcied that this grantjs made
as an exercise of sovereign political power, it is not
an inspection law, nor a health law, nor passed hy%
any derivative authority; it is professedly an act of
sovereign power. Of couise there is no limit to the
power to be derived from the purpose for which it is
exercised. If exercised for one purpose it may be also'
tor another." * ~ -1
" If it can grant those exclusive privileges to a few,
it may grant them to mapy: thatis, it may grant them
to all its own citizens, to the exclusion of everybody
else." * „ 1 * i- «s s.
" It required little now to be said to prove that this
cxcinshe grant is a law regulating commerce, al-
though in some of the discussions elsewhere it had
been called a law of police, If it be not a regulation
of commerce, then it follows, against the constant ad-
mission on the other side, that Congress, even by an
ex pi ess act, could not annul or conliol it; for, if it be
not a regulation of commerce, Congress has no con-
cern with it. But. the granting of monopolies of this
kind is always refeired to the power over commerce.
It was as arbiter of commerce that the kmg formerly
granted such monopolies."
The judgment of the court was in accordance
with the views here expressed by Mr. "Webster
upon the several, points which were raised in
the discussion of the case, and so for forth
sanctions and adopts the argument as the opin-
ion of the court upon these points. This case
of Gibbons and Ogden; the argument of the
eminent counsel; the final judgment of the
court, and the reasoning of the illustrious Chief
Justice in pronouncing the opinion of the court,
would seem to be conclusive upon the main
question now before us.
But it is insisted, with a view, of course, to
avoid the force of the decision, that the ruse of
Gibbons and Ogden, being one of navigation,
is not analogous to the case we have under con-
sideration : that the question in that case was
in reference to the right or authority of a State
to grant an exclusive privilege of navigating, by
steam vessels, the navigable waters within the
jurisdiction of the State, and therefore has no
j bearing upon the question of the right or au-
! thorifyof a State to grant an exclusive privi-
lege of transporting passengers and freight
across its territory, from one State to another
State, by loud convoyance. or, if you please, by
railroad. "With ail due deference, I think other-
wise.
I respectfully submit that the two cases are
closely analogous; 1 hat tho general principle
involved is the same in both : that the judicial
