1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2253
of representation, the character of the people
represented, their condition, and their relation-
ship to this Government. No man can be a
Representative here -without a constituency;
and the character of that constituency is the
prime element in the investigation of a ques-
tion of this kind.
Mr. Speaker, if every Representative in this
Hall who professes to be a Union man—I
speak of those Representatives who have acted
together on this side of the House during the
Thirty-Seventh and Thirty-Eighth Congresses,
and are acting together now, and those of the
same class at the other end of the Capitol—would
upon this question take a distinct and definite
fosition on the side of the great principle which
have indicated, acting upon it and sustaining
it with all their powers of mind and heart, there
would be no difficulty about this question of
reconstruction. The great mass of the loyal
people of this Union are ready to sustain their
Representatives upon this proposition. There
is no other way to settle the question.
It is the decree of the providence of God that
those men who have been in rebellion shall be
offensive to the instincts of every loyal man;
and it is His will that keeps alive in our hearts
and our memories their true condition, which
renders them unfit to be represented in these
Halls. Why, sir, if we can read the acts of a
Being superior to ourselves, it may be reason-
able to suppose that the object of the divine pur-
pose is to Hold us back from the work of hasty
reconstruction and to delay that work until the
prejudices of members in these Halls shall fee
so far removed as to enable them to act justly
upon this great question, when they do act, and
Settle it upon a basis of equal justice to all
and of permanent peace and prosperity to the
country.
Sir, some people talk about a "policy" of
reconstruction. It is said that there is a policy
with one branch of the Government. 1 am
glad, sir, to be able to say that there is no dis-
tinct policy with Congress. I declare, sir, that
if is not within the wisdom of man to devise a
plain, definite policy by which all these ques-
tions are to be settled. The question as to the
proper course to be pursued with reference to
those men who have been in rebellion is de-
cidedly the most troublesome question with
which legislators were ever called to deal. But,
sir, we cannot dispose of that question u.ntil
we place ourselves upon the principle that they
who are loyal to this Government shall, with-
out distinction of race or color, participate in
the administration of it. When we are ready
to act upon that principle we shall then the
more readily and easily undertake the solution
of the other great question, which is always
bound to be far more difficult until we take the
right position upon the first.
A "policy ! " Why, sir, there is one policy,
if it can be called such, which is easy to under-
stand and easy to act upon. It is to trample
right and justice under foot. It is to receive
into our breasts the poison whose fatal influ-
ence has been so fully demonstrated. It is to
inoculate upon our Government a branch from
that foul Upas which has in the days of the
past cast its deadly blight upon this nation.
Sir, it would be a very easy thing to incorpo-
rate again into the Government the evils under
which we have suffered in the past, and which
did so much to bring upon us the horrors of
the recent rebellion.
Sir, in the healing art there are two classes
of physicians. Those of the one class are able
to heal the outward symptoms of a wound, to
give it a healthy surface, and remove the cor-
ruption which meets the eye, while the virulent
and deep-seated disease still lingers in a latent
form to break forth soon again with increased
severity. But, sir, a_ physician of the other
class, with the skill of the wisest surgery cuts
deeply and eradicates the festering mass, and
thus by a merciful severity restores lasting
health. «
Mr. Speaker, when we are ready to act on
principles right and just we will then find we
will have far less difficulty in the way. A
policy will in time begin to shape itself suf-
ficient for all practical purposes. We will then
finally settle a question the like of which we
have never before had in our history, and the
like of which I think the history of no nation
on earth has ever exhibited. It was impos-
sible for man alone to grapple with the con-
dition of things all through the rebellion.
There did seem to be a superior Power that
was directing all things, ancl that same Power
will lead us on, if we move with care, wisdom,
and justice, to a right and a proper conclusion.
RKSTOUATIOS OF THE UNION'.
Mr. HAIIDING, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
for more than four years past it has been my
settled conviction, and [ so declared in a speech
in this House as early as December, 1801, and
again in January, 1SG3, that there were two
rebellions, one in the North as well as one in
the South; and though teeming to differ widely
on sonic points, yet in reality "leagued together
and unitedly warring" to overthrow the Con-
stitution and dissolve the Union. The only
hope, therefore, of saving the Government and
restoring the Union rested on the Conservatives
and Democrats standing equally opposed to both
extremes. The Herculean task that devolved
on them was not merely to suppress and con-
trol one, but two rebellions ; because the suc-
cess of either was the destruction of the Gov-
ernment.
President Johnson,in a speech delivered in
the Senate in February 1SU1, uttered a great
truth when he said—
"Tlievc pro two parties in tbi'^country that want
to break lip the Government, "Who are they? The
mtllittcrs proper of the South, the secessionists, or
disunionists, for Iuse 1 hem all as synonvinous terms."
" ' ' " Who else is lor brenkinK up the
Government? Ireterto some bad men.in theNoith.
There is a, Set of men ealled abolitionists, and tllev
want to break up (lie Government. They aie dis-
unionists ; they are sece,--.ioni.-'ts; they ai e nullitieis."
" Whoso allies are the abolitionists
of the N~ortb, if they aie not. the allies of the seces-
sionists and disnmonists of the South? Aie they not
all laboring ami toilins to accomplish flic same areat
end, the o\ crthrow of ttnsp;roat nation of onis ? Their
objeetis the same." * ' : "We find first
file run-mad abolitionists of the North—they are
secessionists; tlie.v ai e fur disunion : they aro for dis-
solution. When we turn to the South, we see thored-
bot disunionists and secessionists at the same work,"
Mr. Speaker, the people of the South have
abandoned and repudiated secession. They
have returned to their allegiance, yield obedi-
ence to the Constitution and laws, and anx-
iously desire the restoration of the Union. The
war is over. The southern rebellion is wholly
suppressed. But, sir, the northern rebellion
is still rampant and defiant, and there is no
hope of the restoration of the Union until that
rebellion is also subdued, or at least reduced
to a controllable minority. We had four years
of terrible and exhausting war to keep eleven
States of the South from going out of the
Union. And now we have had lour months,
and arc threatened with lour years of political
and congressional war, to diive these eleven
States out, and prevent the restoration of the
Union.
These northern disunionists. the better to
disguise their real object and deceive the loyal
people of the North, have at different times
assumed different names. First fhey are known
as Radical Abolitionists, and then Republic-
ans ; next they claim to bo Unionists, and t^fen
to belong to the Unconditional Union party.
Now, their friends in Congress claim to be
Reconstructionists, and have their reconstruc-
tion committee, composed of master workmen,
deeply skilled in the art of breaking up the old
Union, clearing away the rubbish, and build-
ing a new one. There can be no such thing
as rebuilding or reconstructing the Union un-
less it has been broken up and dissolved. The
basis, therefore, and central idea of this rev-
olutionary movement, called reconstiuction, is
disunion. It rests on the assumption that the
Cnion has been dissolved. It has no other
foundation or support. They claim that the
eleven States of the South aro out of the
Union.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
yexs] has repeatedly declared in speeches in
this House that the war between the North and
the South has—
"Severed their original compacts, and broke all
the ties that bound them together. The future con-
dition ot the conquered Powerdepends on the will of
the conqueror. They must come in as new States or
remain as conquered provinces."
That gentleman also said—
"I cannot doubt that the late confederate States
are out of the Union to all intents and purposes
for which the conqueror may choose so to consider
them.
And again, the same gentleman said in regard
to the late confederate States:
" To prove that they are and for four years have
been out of the Union for all legal purposes, and
being now conquered, subjcctto the absolute disposal
of Congress, I will suggest a few ideas and adduce a
low authorities,"
That gentleman clearly saw the logical neces-
sity of boldly assuming that, these States are out
of the Union. He knew that upon any other
theory it was impossible to frame even a plausi-
ble defense of the action of his party in regard
to the southern States. Some of his followers,
with more timidity, but with less clearness of
perception than himself, have ventured to dis-
pute his premises, while they agree with him in
his conclusions and action. J3ut all such in-
volve themselves in a web of contradictions.
Some of that party say these States "are neither
in the Union nor exactly out of it, the territory
at least is in the Union." That is, the people
of the South are out of the Union, but tho
lands on which they live are in it. Others say
" these Stales are out of the Union for practi-
cal purposes." That is, for all the purposes
of self-government and representation in Con-
gress they are out of the Union. But for the
purpose of obeying laws enacted by others, and
paying taxes, they are in the Union. All this
is absurd. 'I'hey are cither in or out of the
Union. There is 110 middle ground.
Mr. Speaker, if the States of the South are
out of tho Union, how did they get out? Cer-
tainly it must have been either by secession or
by revolution; no other answer has been or can
be given. Will any one at this day contend
that the Constitution of the United States gives
any countenance to the doctrine of secession ?
Does the Constitution provide for its own de-
struction? Does it arm each separate State
with the power of withdrawing at pleasure, thus
rising above the Constitution, dissolving the
Union, and atonce bringing to an end the Gov-
ernment formed by that very Constitution? No,
sir, no ; the groat men who formed that Constitu-
tion turnished it with ample powers of self-pres-
ets ation. They intended and provided for its
perpetuity; so that, in the language of Pres-
ident Johnson's message, " no room is allowed
even for the thought of a possibility of its com-
ing to an end." If, then, as all admit, tho
Constitution is the supreme law of the land,
every ordinance of secession in the South being
opposed to the Constitution and seeking its over-
throw of necessity must have been absolutely
null and void; and being void must be regarded
as wholly inoperative, and therefore could not
work any change in the constitutional relations
of the States lo the Federal Government, liut,
sir, it is not necessary to argue this question at
length. It is well known that, during the whole
period of the war, President Lincoln, with all
tho supporters of his Administration, scouted
the idea that any resolution or ordinance of
secession could take any State out of the Union,
and even the men who now show themselves to
be practical secessionists then professed to hold
that opinion.
Let us next inquire whether the revolution
—the wai—took these States out of the Union.
The States, as such, could not commit treason,
could not be indicted and prosecuted. There
is no authority in the Constitution, and none
has been claimed, to make war upon the States,
as such; and there has been no war against
them. A portion of the people in all the south-
ern States remained loyal mid true to the Union
during the war. 'fhey were not guilty of trea-
son and incurred no forfeiture of any kind.
All the proclamations of the President -.n re-
gard to insurrection applied not to the States,
