1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4178
authorizing a reappraisement of the land, di-
recting the appraiser to appraise the value of
the land without the improvements. That
resolution was referred to the committee of
which the Senator from New York [Mr. Har-
ris] is chairman, was examined and passed,
and approved on the 5th of May last. Under
that law, a reappraisement was had, and the
appraiser assessed the value of the land, with-
out the improvements at twenty-five dollars an
acre, which makes the amount stated here,
$32,000. That is now the assessed value ; and
this section is simply to carry into execution
the appraisement heretofore made under a law
of Congress. I doubt very much whether it.
comes under the title of a private claim; but
I will not dispute that matter. There may be
some doubt about that; but there is no doubt
that, tlm United States ought to protect these
persons in their title. They are innocent par-
ties ; they bought the land in good feith ; in
entire ignorance of this prior title, and they
ought to be protected in the enjoyment of their
rights. The only question with me was, what
amount we ought to give Madison Sweetzer;
but here we are not in a good position to nego-
tiate.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Whom did the settlers
buy of?
Mr. SHERMAN. The settlors bought of
the United States and hold under the patent
of the United States; but this Indian title was
prior to the patent, and according to the
decision of the court, and no doubt prop-
erly rendered, overrides the patent because
the first title is under the Indian treaty.
Now Madison Sweetzer's judgment is only
$G,000, recovered in 1855. The principal and
interest of that judgment would only amount
to from $10,090 to $12,000; but Madison
Sweetzer has got this right, a legal right which
he has maintained in the courts, as he says, at
groat expense, and he refuses to surrender this
right for the amount of his judgment and we
cannot compel him to do so. He is a citizen
of the State of Indiana. 1 do not know any-
thing of him. At any rate he thinks he has
got a good thing, and I presume he is disposed
to hold on to it.
Under the circumstances 1 think we shall
have to pay this appraisement made by a per-
son selected by the Secretary of the Interior,
and I think made upon a proper basis. I read
this morning the testimony upon which it was
based. He assesses the value of the land,
without improvements, at twenty-five dollars
an acre. 1 have never been on this land, or
probably in the county in which it is, but from
my general knowledge of the location I do
not think the appraisement is unreasonable.
Twenty-five dollars an acre for unimproved
laud in that country is not a very high price.
It is not more thai) from fifty to one hundred
miles from Dayton, and is in the Miami valley,
in a very rich country. Under these circum-
stances I think we ought to place a sufficient
sum in the hands of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to enable him to extinguish this claim of
Madison Sweetzer. If he can do it for less,
well and good; but if he insists on enforcing
his right or having this amount of money we
ought to pay it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio whether the United
States were represented in these suits on the
part of Madison Sweetzer.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes ; the United States
always resisted the claim, and it was settled
finally by the decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is the claim of ltichard-
ville under one of the Miami treaties.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is (Jie name of the
Indian.
Mr. RAMSEY. And Madison Sweetzer
claims through Richardville. One of the pro-
visions of that treaty, I think, is that the Pres-
ident of the United States shall assent to the
alienation by the Indian of his title; is it not?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the subsequent treaty
that was made treated Richardville as dead.
They assumed a fact that did not exist. This
young lli chard v ille, who was one of the grantees,
was actually living, and that was proved, as a
matter of course, as one of the facts in the
case ; but in a subsequent treaty they alleged
the fact that Richardville was dead.
Mi*. FESSENDEN. That is a sample of the
way our Indian treaties are made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. The fact was
not so, and Richardville turned up again, con-
tracted debts, and one of his creditors got
judgment against him for §0,000 and interest
and sold this title under that judgment, and
that title has been held by oar courts to be
good.
Mr. RAMSEY. This claim, I believe, has
been before the Indian Bureau and very thor-
oughly gone into, and there was a report made
there. I know nothing about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have here a report made
by Mr. Noell in the House of Representatives
June 20, 1802, and Congress passed a bill for
the relief of these parties and authorized an
appraisement; but the trouble was that Madi-
son Sweetzer would not take the amount of
the first appraisement. The result was that a
new appraisal was ordered and the appraisal
amounts to §32,000, twenty-five dollars an
acre.
Mr. RAMSEY. The sixth, article of the
treaty made and concluded at St. Mary's, in
the State of Ohio, between Jonathan Jennings,
&c., on October 0, 1818, contains this provis-
ion:
"Art. 6. The several trncts of land which, by the
third article of this treaty"—
The article making the grant to Richardville,
under whom this man claims—
"the United States have engaged to grant to the per-
sons therein mentioned, except the tracts to be granted
to Jean Bapt. liichaidvillo, shall never bo trans-
ferred by the said persons or their heirs, without the
approbation of the President of the United Statcx."
Now, I am told that approbation has never
been had. Why these facts were not made to
appear before the court I do not understand. 1
do not understand that the United States were
at all represented there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was another
treaty after that and they bought Richardville
out; that is, they made a bargain with the
father, and treated the son as dead, because
he was a minor.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume the committee
are fully informed of and know all about the
investigation on the part of the Indian Bureau
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know nothing about
it except what is suggested in these reports.
Mr. HEND1UCKS. This has been regarded
by Congress, whenever it has been examined,
as a very clear ease. The simple question is,
whether the Government shall make good their
own title.
Mr. SHERMAN. Except as to the amount.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Exceptastotheamount.
Mr. Sweetzer would not take §12,000.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. That is so ; but there
are some facts that the Senate ought to under-
stand. This property was sold by the United
States about forty years ago for something like
two thousand dollars. It has been in the pos-
session of the claimants, the same persons to
whom it was sold, ever since that time. By
the laws of Ohio, where a person is evicted
the grantor is obliged to pay back the consid-
eration with interest. All the claim there
would be upon us would be to pay back the
consideration with interest, and at the ordi-
nary rate of price—I do know what it was 
Mr. SHERMAN. Two dollars and a half
per acre.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would not amount
to anything likethesum mentioned here. That
is really the liability of the United States, sup-
posing they were an individual, to make good
to these persons what they have suffered in
case of an eviction. It would not be anything
like the sum that is here appropriated. There
was one appraisal; the land was valued at ten
dollars per acre. Mr. Sweetzer would not take
it. Somehow or other this Congress—I sup-
pose without knowing much about it—passed
a bill for a reappraisal. That has been had,
and it has got up to twenty-five dollars per
acre. That Mr. Sweetzer says he is willing
to take. The only question is this: as there
are some twenty families on this tract, will the
United .States, instead of "waiting and taking
the consequences of an absolute eviction, if one
be had, and then paying the damages which
they are legally liable to pay by the laws of
Ohio, which would be, comparatively, a small
sum, consent to quiet the title by paying this
very large'sum of $32,000? Would it not be
better to let Mr. Sweetzer get possession p,s
he can, and then settle with the claimants on
legal principles or even equitable principles,
which would not require anything like the sum
now demanded? _ As the Senator from Ohio
says, it is a question of how much money we
are willing to pay. This is the only way we
can settle with Mr Sweetzer, peihaps ; but I
am told that Mr. Sweetzer would have a very
hard time of it to get possession.
Mr. JOHNSON. We cannot force him to
part with his title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly you could
not; but you could settle with the occupiers
of the land if they were evicted: and you could
settle with them, as I have said, for what they
originally paid with interest until the time they
were evicted, and in addition to that, their im-
provements, deducting what they have received
from the avails of the lands. Their improve-
ments, the Commissioner says, amount to very
little, and they have cut off about half the tim-
ber on the land, amounting to more than their
improvements were worth; so that the legal
claim against the United States, in case of an
eviction, would amount to very little. Proba-
bly Mr. Sweetzer, from what I learn, if he were
to undertake to enforce his writ of eviction,
would find it pretty hard work without calling
out thcjpofse cumitahis and having a row. The
persons living on the land are not willing to
give it up, and the people of the county sustain
them in holding on. The question simply is,
whether the Congress of the United States will
pay this exorbitant sum—there is no doubt
about that, in my judgment—to quiet this claim
for the benefit of those persons, some twenty
families, who hold under the original grant.
For my part, I dislike very much being imposed
upon, and I would rather take the legal conse-
quences.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Sweetzer will not
take less than the reasonable value of the land
without, the improvements. Now, this is the
estimated value of the land without the im-
provements.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I know it is not. I
have no faith in the estimate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If lie recovers the land
he gets the improvements unless the occupant-
claimant law of Ohio protects the occupant.
I do not know how that is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has got to settle
for the improvements himself,
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I was going to inquire
about that. An occupying claimant, in Ohio
coming in would be compelled to pay for the
improvements, 1 think.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I say I do not know
what the oceupying-elaimant law of Ohio is.
1 have not examined the statutes.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. There used to bo a law
of that kind. I was about to ask the Senator
from Ohio about that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But I submit to Sena-
tors it would not be just to the occupants of
this land to say that "you shall have just the
technical rule ot law on this subject.'' I know
that in the case of a breach of warranty the
rule is purchase money with interest, but per-
haps there is no warranty in the patent the
Government has given. Perhaps there is no
liability on the part, of the Government, to.h-
nicaily, to that extent. I do not know that
there is, because a Government patent is not a
warianty deed; but the ease is jast this: these
peupie have relied upon the title that the Gov-
ernment has given them ; we all know the com-
mon people think a patent is perfect; they
