1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■m95 '
first section, after the word "right," the words
"in every State and Territory of the United
States;'' leaving the section in every other re-
peat precisely as reported by the committee.
Now, sir, what rights does the gentleman
propose to protect? Let his own instructions
answer for him:
And such citizens of every race and color, with-
out regard to any previous condition of slavery
or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for
crime whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed, shall have the same right in every State and
Territory of the United States to make and enforce
contracts, to sue, be parties and give evidence, to in-
herit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real and
personal property, and to have equal benefit of all
laws and proceedings lor the security of person and
property as is enjoyed by white citizens, and shall be
subject to like punishment, pains, and penalties, and
to none other, any law, statute, ordinance, regula-
tion, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.
Now, I want to know whether these rights
are any greater than the rights which are in-
cluded in the general term "life, liberty, and
property." And yet the gentleman admits
by his instructions, and asks this House to in-
dorse his admission, that the General Govern-
ment may secure to citizens of the United States
in every State the possession of these enumer-
ated rights. I take the gentleman's own in-
structions, and his argument in favor of them,
and I apply them as arguments in support of
the report of the Judiciary Committee. They
go as far as we have gone, and assert the
identical powers and principles which we have
asserted.
But he says the second section is objection-
able. Well, I want no more direct author-
ity than his own in vindication of the principle
involved in the second section. What docs he
propose in regard to it ? lie moves—
Also to strilte out all parts of said bill which are
penal, andwhieh authorizocrimipal proceedings, and
in lieu thereof to givo to all citizens injured by de-
nial or violation of any of the otherrights^ secured or
protected by said act an action in the United States
courts,with doublecostsin all cases of recovery,with-
out regard to the amount of damages; and also to
sccure to such persons the privilege of the writ of
habean corpus.
What difference in principle is there between
saying that the citizen shall be pro! ected by the
legislative power of the United States in his
rights by civil remedy and declaring that he
shall be protected by penal enactments against
those who interfere with his rights? There
is no difference in the principle involved. If
we may adopt the gentleman's mode we may
also select the mode provided in this bill. There
is a difference in regard to the expense of pro-
tection. There is also a difference as to the
effectiveness of the two modes. Beyond this,
nothing. This bill proposes that the humblest
citizen shall have full and ample protection at
the cost of the Government, whose duty it is to
protect him. The amendment of the gentle-
man recognizes the principle involved, but it
says that the citizen despoiled of his rights,
instead of being properly protected by the Gov-
ernment, must press his own way through the
courts and pay the bills attendant thereon.
This may do for the rich, but to the poor, who
need protection, it is mockery. The highest
obligation which the Government owes to the
citizen in return for the allegiance exacted of
him is to secure him in the protection of his
rights. Under the amendment of the gentle-
man the citizen can only receive that protec-
tion in the form of a fevv dollars in the way of
damages, if he shall be so fortunate as to re-
cover^ verdict against a solvent wrong-doer.
This is called protection. This is what wc are
asked to do in the way of enforcing the bill of
rights. Dollars are weighed against the right
0Flife, liberty, and property. The verdict ofa
jury is to cover all wrongs and discharge the
obligations of the Government to its citizens.
Sir I cannot see the justice of that doctrine.
I assert that, it is the duty of the Government
of the United States to provide proper protec-
tion. and to pav the costs attendant on it. \\ e
have gone out with the strong arm of the Gov-
ernment and drawn from their homes all over
this land, in obedience to the bond otaUegiance
which the Government holds on the citizen,
hundreds of thousands ot men to the battle-
field ; and yet while we may exercise this ex-
traordinary power, thegentleman claims that we
cannot extend the protecting hand of the Gov-
ernment to these men who have been battling
for the life of the nation, but can only send
them at their own cost to juries for verdicts of
a few dollars in compensation for the most fla-
grant wrong to their most sacred rights. Let
those support that doctrine who will, I cannot.
Sir. in the votes upon the several propositions
now before us I expect to have the indorsement
of most, if not all, of the members of this House
of the great principle involved in the bill. Of
course our Democratic friends will vote for the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] to recommit the bill with instructions,
and thereby direct the committee to report a
bill which shall declare all persons, negroes
included, citizens of the United States, and
we shall have the gentleman from Ohio who
addressed the House yesterday voting in favor
of instructing the committee to report the bill
back so amended as to still embrace all the
specified rights to which he objected. And
we shall have the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Kaymond, ] who addressed the House yes-
terday, voting in favor of instructions which
will compel the Committee on the Judiciary
to report back a bill which shall involve the
identical principle of the second section of this
bill, upon which he based his opposition.
Every vote in favor of these instructions willbe
a vote in favor of the principles of this bill.
And, sir, although it may result in the defeat
of what I regard to be most important legisla-
tion, 1 shall at least have the consolation of
knowing that this intelligent House accepts the
conclusion that the Committee on the Judiciary
arrived at—that all these rights belong to the
citizen and should be protected, the only differ-
ence between us being that the committee in-
sists that the protection should be extended at
the cost of the' Government, while those in fa-
vor of the instructions believe that we should
compel the citizen to seek his remedy at his
own cost.
Now, sir, in relation to the remainder of the
bill which the gentleman from Ohio proposes
to strike out, we have had an indorsement of
that by our Democratic friends for very many
years. Those provisions are made up of the
several sections of the old fugitive slave law,
modified in such a manner as to exclude there-
from the features to which many of us formerly
objected. I am not prepared to cast a vote
which shall declare that all the powers exer-
cised by this Government in former times in
behalf of slavery shall not be exercised in be-
half of the freedom of the citizen and his ample
protection in all his fundamental lights.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. As the gentleman from
Iowa has taken advantage of me by misstating
my position, I withdraw my motion to amend
the motion to recommit by adding certain in-
structions.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
motion to recommit.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the motion to
recommit.
The SPK AKER. The House is acting under
the previous question, and neither the motion
to recommit nor the motion to amend that
motion can be withdrawn.
Mr. LATHAM obtained leave to print the
following remarks : Mr.. Speaker, I rise to op-
pose this bill, and in doing so I shall_ detain
the House hut a short time. Some legislation
by Congress may become necessary under the
second "sect ion of the amendment to the Con-
stitution abolishing slavery ; bat in my opinion
the right of congressional interference attaches
only by virtue of local obstruction to the great
amendment. But in my opinion this bill goes
far beyond anything contemplated or justified
by this amendment.
The first section provides—
That all persons born in the United States and
not subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians
not taxed, are hereby declared to he citizens oi the
United States, without distinction of color, &e.
It is very difficult t.o ascertain exactly the
meaning and scope of this provision. Honor-
able gentlemen, the friends of the bill; are not
agreed upon this point. I propose to take
what I conceive to be a practical vie# of the
matter. The provision means either some-
thing or nothing. Should the hill become a lasv,
rights will attach by virtue of this provision or
else they will not. Can Congress confer citi-
zenship upon persons who are excluded by the
Constitution? The courts have uniformly de-
cided that negroes are not citizens under the
Constitution. I know that gentlemen profess
no respect for these decisions ; appeal to the
tribunal of party politics, and tell us the peo-
ple have reversed them. I most respectfully
submit, however, that while a legitimate appeal
lies from Congress to the people upon ques-
tions of governmental policy, no'such appeal
lies from the Supreme Court upon questions of
law. If we are dissatisfied with one decision
of the court, and the matter is beyond the
reach of ordinary legislation, our only legiti-
mate remedy is to go back into court' and
reverse the decision there.
What may bo or is the effect of universal
emancipation is a question of constitutional law
to be decided by the courts. Believing, as I
do, that the Constitution confers upon Congress
no power to confer citizenship except upon
naturalized foreigners, I believe such rights
conferred by this act to be in violation of the
Constitution, which is "the supreme law of the
land." But I am told the act confers no right,
but is only declaratory of rights which have
already attached. How attached, and by what
instrumentality? By constitutional provision
abolishing slavery? Without expressing an
opinion as to whether citizenship attaches by
virtue of this amendment or not, I am very
decided in the opinion that its interpretation is
matter for the judiciary and not for the legisla-
tive department of the Government. Congress
may declare what interpretation shall be put
upon their own acts but not upon the Constitu-
tion of the United States, otherwise the eleventh
amendment to the Constitution need never have
been adopted. And if this provision is only
declaratory of rights which have already at-
tached, I ask gentlemen to define "the situ-
ation," provided the judiciary department of
the Government should interpret the Constitu-
tion differently? This, then, is in my opinion
simoly a question of constitutional law, which
cannot be effected by any declaratory act of
Congress. I know such declarations may ^
frighten the timid, but bold men will bring them
to a judicial test. Blackened wood in imita-
tion of guns around a camp Way frighten cow-
ards, but brave men will test their caliber. I
object, then, to Congress professing to do what
I believe they cannot do.
This section provides further '! that there shall
be no discrimination in civil rights or immunities
among the inhabitants of any State or Territory
of the United States on account of race, color, or
previous condition of slavery." Though by the
wording of this clause it might not refer to dis-
criminations bv the State or other local law.
yet it is very .evident from its connections, and
from the entire bill, that its reference is to
snch discriminations. No one, I presume,
doubts the power of Congress to place all the
inhabitants of the United States upon an equal
footing as to all matters within the legitimate
scope of congressional legislation, and con-
sequently Congress may provide that there
shall be'no discrimination on accpunt of race,
color, or previous condition of slavery in
civil rights or immunities which may be con-
stitutionally defined or regulated by Congress ;
or in other words, that all may stand upon an
equal footing in the Federal courts, but as
the ri<dit to define and regulate the "civil
rights or immunities" of the inhabitants 111 the
several States is not among •' the powers dele-
gated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States,'' it is by the
tenth amendment " reserved to the States re-
spectively or to the people." Mv conviction,
then, is that Congress has no rigat under the
