1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2253
the State that sent hiin is loyal, but if so, then
demand guarantees that the State will remain
loyal for all. time to come. Sir, this is the
senseless jargon we have heard here ringing
in these Halls until the true friends of the
country are weary of it.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] is always consistent, though,
as I think, always wrong in regard to the status
of the southern States; still ho seldom, if ever,
reaches a conclusion at war with his premises.
But this is far from being true as to others who
act with him. Some weeks ago the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Raymond] favored us
with a speech in leply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The first part of that speech
was a successful attack upon the position of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania "that the
southern States were out of the Union, con-
quered provinces, and subject to the will of
Congress." The gentleman from New York
established the reverse of that proposition;
and he went on to say:
" I regard these States as just as truly within tlie
jurisdiction of the Constitution, and therefore just as
really and truly States of the American Union as
they were before the war."
In regard to our action or dealings with those
States the gentleman said:
"We are to bo guided and governed, not simply by
our own sovereign will and pleasure as conquerors,
but by the restrictions and limitations of the Consti-
tution of the United States, precisely as wo are re-
strained and limited in our dealings with all other
States of the American Union."
"We listened with great interest and pleasure
to these sound constitutional views so ably pre-
sented and defended by that gentleman. But
it was with pain that we heard the gentleman
in the latter part of the same speech declare,
that before allowing their Representatives seats
in Congress, he would require of these States
"certain conditions in the nature of guarantees
for the future." They must repudiate their
war debt; abandon and renounce the principle
of State sovereignty; guaranty the proper
treatment of the freedmen ; '1 ho would exact
of them all needed and all just guarantees for
their future loyalty to the Constitution and
laws of the United States." And he further
said:
" X would exercise a rigid scrutiny into the charac-
ter and loyalty of the men whom they may send to
Congress before I allowed them to participate in the
high prerogative of legislating for the nation."
It seems strange that the gentleman from
New York, starting out from premises exactly
the reverse, should nevertheless be found in
his conclusions hand in hand with the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, ready to vote and act
with him in holding the States of the South
"subject to the absolute will and disposal of
Congress." Possibly that gentleman, after
assaulting and carrying the outer works and
strongholds of his adversary, became panic-
stricken, and when victory was within his reach
surrendered to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. It would have been cruelty if the Penn-
sylvanian had imposed harder terms, for the
surrender was unconditional.
Now, sir, it is plain that if Congress can
require of a State in the Union any guarantee
or any condition not provided for in the Con-
stitution, as the ground upon which the State
shall be allowed representation in Congress,
then any number or kind of guarantees and
conditions may be required ; so that the right
of the State to representation is made to depend
wholly on the sovereign will and pleasure of
Congress, and therefore the State may be ex-
cluded from representation altogether if Con-
gress shall think proper to do so. Sir, it is
seen at a glance that all the guarantees and
conditions mentioned by the gentleman from
New York are in utter contempt of the restric-
tions and limitations of the Constitution. No
one here ^ould for a moment think of saying
to a State of the North, "G-ive us guarantees
that you will remain loyal in future and we will
allow your Representatives seats with us, but
not otherwise." Such a demand by Congress
would be the highest evidence of its own dis-
loyalty to the Constitution, and show it engaged
in revolution to overthrow it.
The Constitution defines, limits, and fixes the
qualifications of members of Congress. As to
this House the Representative must be twenty-
five years of ago; must have been seven years
a citizen of the United States; and when elected
an inhabitant of the State in which ho is chosen.
Everything else is left to the judgment and dis-
cretion of the people who elect him.- If the
Representative sent here has the age, citizen-
ship, and residence I have mentioned, then
the Constitution declares him qualified. Con-
gress has no power to add to or take from these
qualifications. To do so would be to change'
the Constitution. Congress can judge of but
cannot fix or make qualifications. It is plain,
therefore, what is meant by that other clause
of the Constitution, which says "each House
shall bo the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members." Now,
when a Representative from a State presents
himself here, this House has power under that
clause of the Constitution to judge of what,
of his character, of his loyalty, of the loyalty
of his constituents? No, of none of these;
but only whether he has the qualifications fixed
by the Constitution as to age, citizenship, and
residence, and whether the election and returns
are according to law. This is all that is meant
by that clause of the Constitution; and with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania I say, "It
seems amazing that any man of legal educa-
tion could give it any larger meaning."
Mr. Speaker, when it is earnestly insisted
here that the plain piovisions of the Constitu-
tion should alone control this House in admit-
ting Representatives into this body, whether
sent from the South or from the North, the
Constitution as to both being the same, gen-
tlemen seem alarmed, and say, "The South
may send here men who were leaders in the
rebel army." And in holy hoi'rorthey exclaim,
"Are we to take by flie hand and welcome to
seats here rebels whose hands have been stained
with loyal blood?" But in reply it might be
asked, "Will you, then, stain your souls with
perjury by violating the plain provisions of
the Constitution you have sworn to support,
and thereby make yourselves as guilty and
criminal as you say they are ?'' But let us not
be too much alarmed, but examine the question
a. moment. There would be more reason to
believe gentlemen sincere in the alarm they
express if they had not, refused seats to Rep-
resentatives sent here from the South who
are men of acknowledged loyalty, men who
were in the Union Army and periled their
lives in defense of its flag. If the South should
send a man here guilty of treason or other high
crime, who had neither been tried, punished,
nor pardoned, any one of you could have him
arrested and sent off for trial, and so avoid
his presence. Possibly, sir, a similar case
might arise in the North, and what then would
be the action of those gentlemen? We all know
that for many years before the war there were
large numbers in the North of open and avowed
disunionists and traitors, laboring from year
to year to dissolve the Union. Take a single
example. Some time before the war a society
of these disunionists met in Boston, Massachu-
setts, and passed this resolution:
"llenohed, That the one great issue before the
country is the dissolution of the Union, in compar-
ison with which all other issues with the slave power
are as dust in the balance; therefore we give our-
selves to the work of annulling this covenant with
death as essential to oar own innocence and the speedy
and everlasting overthrow of the slave system."
In support of the resolution Wendell Phillips
said:
" I entirely accord with the sentiments of that last
resolution. I think all we have to do is to prepare
the public mind by the daily and hourly presentation
of the doctrine of disunion. Events which, fortu-
nately forus, the Governmentitsclf andotherparties
are producing with unexampled rapidity, are our best
aid."
And even during the war, Phillips, in a speech
in this city, boasted that he had spent nineteen
years to take nineteen States out of the Union;
and there are many such men in the North.
Now, suppose the people of Massachusetts
should elect and send here Wendell Phillips as
their Representative, a man who has oeen
steeped in treason for twenty years ; and yet
who doubts that the very men who are alarmed
at the idea of seeing a southern rebel here,
would nevertheless take by thS hand this great
rebel leader of the northern rebellion, and wel-
come him to a seat by their side in this House?
But at the same time their loyal nerves would
be shocked if a southern rebel were in the
House. How righteous these political saints
are ; almost as righteous as were the Scribes
and Pharisees 1
Mr. Speaker, when a Congress like this, rep-
resenting only part of the country, arrogates to
itself the power to ignore the Constitution and
fix its own rules for the admission of members
from other parts of the country, it is manifest
that Congress, and not the people, choose the
Representative, because unless ho will suit their
wishes and strengthen their party the door of
Congress is closed against him. There can be
no plainer act of revolution to overthrow re-
publican government than this. And yet, sir,
that is precisely what has been going on here
for more than four months of this session.
This body of Representatives from the northern
and middle States have, in fact, for the time
being, nullified the Constitution and seceded
from the other States of the Union ; and are
now, as to the legislative branch, carrying on
a separate government to the exclusion of the
other States, based on this act of secession.
They have what they call "a reconstruction
committee." This committee matures plans
and adopts rules for the larger body; it answers
all the purposes and more nearly resembles
one of the secession conventions of the South
than anything else seen in this country since
1801. Sir, was not President Johnson right
when he charged, in the Senate in February,
18G1, that the abolitionists of the North " were
nullifiers and secessionists?" They are now
demonstrating the truth of the charge, though
acting under another name. t
But certain gentlemen say if the Represent-
atives from the South are allowed to come
into Congress there is danger that laws may be
repealed which they desire to perpetuate, and
other measures distasteful to them enacted.
Well, suppose it should be so, what do you
propose to do about it? You answer, you "in-
tend to provide against it," you "do not in-
tend to submit to it." Then you do not intend
to have a government controlled by a majority
of the people of the whole country. You in-
tend to establish an oligarchy on the ruins of
republican government. You are now seek-
ing to accomplish your purpose by civil revo-
lution, but you are preparing the elements that
may bring on a fearful and bloody conflict. Of
one thing rest assured : the people of this coun-
try will never long submit to a government of
any form that does not allow the voice of the
whole people to be heard in its management.
Mr. Speaker, the northern rebellion,_ or dis-
union party of the North, at every period and
under all its assumed names, has been, and
now is, substantially the same. Always too
busy with the sins of others to repent of its
own ; always aggressive and intolerant; always
moved by a rapacious lust of power its vital
principle of action, its motive power, is native,
inbred, political depravity. To gain political
power it assumed the garb of philanthropy,
shed hypocritical tears over the negro, and
struck for the abolition of slavery. Its cease-
less agitation of the slavery question from year
to year culminated in a war between the North
and the South, the most desolating and san-
guinary the world ever saw. Taking advan-
tage of the warthusbroughton, it accomplished
the abolition of slavery.
And here, sir, passing by that ^enormous
public debt that has doomed the white race to
the grinding and oppressive slavery oi
tion for generations to come ; forgettmg t e
million of brave white men- that have fallen
and perished in camp and battle-held; passing
by their maimed survivors, with the multiplied
