1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
tion. And it is no answer to say that because
a State has built one or more roads over its ter-
ritory, and thereby provided better facilities of
commercial intercourse with other States than
if it had built no roads at all, that therefore it
may interdict the use of all other roads which
are or which may be built across its territory
by citizens from without the State. The right
of transit over any of the public roads and
highways of any State belongs to every citizcn
of the Republic.
Mr. President, without pursuing this discus-
sion further at present; I will say, in ponclu-
sion7 that in my humble judgment Congress
has the constitutional right to pass this bill;
that it has the constitutional right to remove
these local legislative restrictions upon trade
and commerce between or among the States;
that it has, to this end, the constitutional right
to authorize any or all the railroads of the coun-
try, so far as in its judgment it will facilitate
commercial intercourse, to carry passengers and
freight from any one State to another State.
This is the whole proposition of the bill. If it
passes, its constitutionality can readily be tested
before another tribunal whose decision will be
final upon the question. If it proves to be a valid
act it will stand ; if otherwise, it will fall, alike
useless and harmless.
As to the expediency of passing this bill, as-
suming that we have the constitutional right to
pass it, and to remove these local restrictions
upon trade and commerce, it is enough to say
that its passage is demanded by high consider-
ations of public interest, and no less of public
faith.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
postpone the present and all prior orders, and
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SUFFRAGE.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of
the Whole, resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 1) to regulate the elective franchise
in the District of Columbia. When the bill was
last under consideration it was recommitted
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and on Friday last was reported back by the
committee, with an amendment to strike out
all of the original bill after the enacting clause,
and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That, from and after the passage of this act, each
and every male person, excepting paupers and per-
sons under guardianship, of the age of twenty-one
years and upwaids, who has not been convicted of
any infamous crime or offense, and who is a citizen
of the United States, and who shall have resided in
the &aid District for the period of six months previous
to anv election therein, shall be entitled to the elect-
ive franchise, and shall be deemed an elector and
-entitled to vote at any election in said District, with-
out auy distinction on account of color or race.
Sec. 2. And he if further rnnc/cd, That any person
whoc duty it shall be to receive votes at any election
within the District of Columbia who shall willfully
refuse to receive or who shall willfully rcjcct the vote
of any person entitled to such right, under this net.
shall be liable to an action of tort by the person in-
jured, and shall be liable on indictment and convic-
tion, if such act was dono knowingly, to a fine not
exceeding $5,000, or to imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding one year in the jail of said District, or to both.
Sec. 3. And be it fu) the/ enacted, That if any pcir-on
or persons shall willfully interrupt or disturb any such
elector in the exercise of such franchise, h^ or they
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on con-
viction thereof, «hall be fined in anv sum not to ex-
ceed?].,000, or be imprisoned in the jail in said District
for a period not to exceed thirty days, or both, at the
discretion of the court.
Sec. 4. And he it further ennrtcd, Thnt. it shall he the
duty of the several courts ha\ing criminal jurisdiction
in said District to«givethis act in special charge to the
grand jury at the commencement of each term of the
comt.
Sec. 5. And be it further onarted. That ?U acts and
parts ol acts inconsistent with this act be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That the mayors
and aldermen of the cities of Washington and Geo] ge-
town, respectively, on or before the 1st day of Maieh
in each year, -shall prepare a list of the persons they
judge to be qualified to vote in the several wards of
said cities in any election; a ad said ma> ors and alder-
men shall be in open session to receive evidence of the
qualification of persons claiming the right to vote in
any clcction therein, and for correcting said list, on
two days in each year, not exceeding five days prior to
the annual election for the choice of city oflicers, giv-
ing previous notice of the time and place of each ses-
Bion in some newspaper printed in said District.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That on or before
the day of , the mayors and aldermen of said
cities shall post up a. list of voters thus prepared in
one or more public places in said cities, respectively,
at least ten days prior to said annual election.
Sko. 8. And be it further cnncted, That the officers
presiding at any election shall keep and use the check-
list herein required at the polls during the election of
all officers, and no vote shall be received unless de-
livered by the voter in person, and not until the pre-
siding officer has had opportunity to be satisfied of his
identity, and shall lmd his name on the list, and mark
it, and ascertain that his vote is single.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. CLAKKin
the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to debate the bill and
the amendment, and I ask the Senate to post-
pone it until one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. THUMB ULL. The Senate will remem-
ber that at its last session on Friday the bill to
enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau
was under consideration, was called up and read,
and several amendments to it adopted, and at the
instance of the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] it was passed over until to-day. This
morning the Senator from Vermont desired to
deliver his views upon another bill which has
run now to the middle of the afternoon, and has
occupied the time up to the present moment;
and now it is proposed to take up another bill
with a view to have it postponed and discussed
to-morrow. I cannot consent to have the Freed-
men's Bureau bill, which is one of pressing im-
portance and which ought to be acted upon at
an early day, thrust aside in this way, and there-
fore I cannot consent to this bill going over
until to-morrow with any expectation that it is
to come up to-morrow. I shall insist upon tak-
ing up the other bill. It will be for the Senate
to dcteimine which bill shall betaken up. So
far as I am concerned, I hhall uige upon the
Senate to plotted with the consideration of the
Freedmen's Bureau bill to-morrow and con-
tinue it until we iinally dispose of it. I hope I
shall have the support of the Senate in doing
this, and I think that this bill ought not to be
thrust in after the consideration of the other one
has been commenced.
Mr. DAVIS, f should like very much to say
what I have to say on the subject of the bill that
is now before the Senate to-morrow. After I
have delivered what il is my purpose to say upon
it, I shall be very indifferent about any imme-
diate action at that time upon the bill. I shall
then be willing for the bill to which the honor-
able Senator from Illinois refers, or any other
bill whatever, to immediately supersede the bill
that is now before the Senate. All that I ask
—and there are peculiar reasons why I ask it—
is, that I shall have an opportunity of speaking
my sentiments upon the bill that is now before
the Senate to-morrow. When I get through,
the pleasure of the Senate, or of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, or any other gentleman,
can be adopted by the Senate : I care not. But
I ask him, in courtesy to m3'seif. to gm; me an
opportunity of saving what I desire to say upon
the subject of till, bill to-morrow, and then any
course that he may suggest, will receive my con-
sent and acquiescence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly dislike to
interpose any objection after what the Senator
from Kentucky has said, that he desires to ex-
press his views on this subject and asks as a
matter of courtesy that he may hn,ve an oppor-
tunity to do so to-morrow: but this is taking
mo very much by surprise, and. I think, is in-
terfering with the public business of the coun-
trv. We have a bill pending before us which
is thought by the head of the Freedmen's Bureau
and by many members of the Senate to be a
matter of practical importance. . We have ac-
counts every day from the South of the wrongs
inflicted upon the colored race, and of the in-
justice that is being done them, and we have
established a Freedmen's Bureau for the pur-
pose of taking charge of them. A bill is intro-
duced here conferring additional powers upon
that bureau, which, if it is enforced, will pro-
tect them in all their civil rights, and there is
an importance in having early action upon it.
The Senate has commenced its consideration.
It has been laid aside to-day in order to allow
one member of the Senate to express his view's
upon a bill in regard to commercial intercourse
between the diflerent States, and now we are
asked to postpone it again in order to bring up
the District bill. It is not by reason of any
opposition either to the bill upon which the
Senator frotn Vermont spoke, or the bill which
the Senator from Maine has in charge, that I
urge action upon the Freedmen's Bureau bill,
but it is because I think it a bill of practical
importance which the Senate ought to act upon
at an early day. I see no haste about the other
bill. I am not aware that any election is pend-
ing immediately that it is to effect, and it will
doubtless lead to a protracted discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand that any motion was made
to postpone. The question is on the adoption
of the amendment reported by the commit-
tee.
Mr. MORRTLTj. I desire to say a single
word in reply tf> the Senator from Illinois. I
called this bill up because it had once been be-
fore the Senate, and I supposed was in a con-
dition to be proceeded with. I was not aware
that any other measure was before the Senate,
nor am I now ; and I desire to repel the infer-
ence which seems to follow from the remark of
the honorable Senator, that this measure is
thrust, in here at the expense of public business.
I do not know by what authority this is said to
be private business, or this is to be subjected
to the Freedmen's Bureau bill. I have sup-
posed that the bill now before the Senate was
of a public character, and of an important char-
acter and that it was perfectly proper for me
at any time to bring it before the Senate when
there was nothing else before it; and I do not
like to be complained of when, in the dis-
charge of an ordinary duty, I bring a measure
before the Senate. If il is the pleasure of the
Senate, I would not antagonize it for a moment
against, the bill referred to by the honorable
Senator. T had no notice that he designed to
take up that bill to-day or to-morrow. I knew
the bill was upon Friday, and I knew perfectly
well that no time was assigned for its consid-
eration. leaving the whole question of its con-
sideration open. So far as its having prece-
dence of this bill is concerned, the honorable
Senator would have remarked, if he had been
observant, that this bill was once before the
Senate 011 the report of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and recommitted, and im-
mediately reported back again, and so was in
a condition to be proceeded with. I am' not
going to urge this bill now. I am disposed, so
tar as I am concerned, to accommodate the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. If it is the sense of the
Senate, however, that the other bill had better
be proceeded with, I shall acquiesce without
opposition.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 agreeing to the amendment reported
by the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I made a motion to postpone
this subject until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
Utr-SIIMNER. Allow me to inquire whether
theSenatorfasm Kentucky cannot as well make
his remarks o\ the bill of the Senator from
Illinois?  
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I made the inquiry for the
sake of convenience; it seemed to me to be
quite possible that the Senator might make his
remarks on that bill; and I was going to ob-
serve that it did seem to me that, all things con-
sidered, perhaps it would be advisable for the
Senate to proceed first with the Freedmen's
Bureau bill; and then, I should say. the other
bill which the Senator from I llinoish as in charge.
Both of those bills are kindred in their charac-
ter, and they do not open the question which
is involved in the District bill. The District
bill opens the great question of suffrage. I
would, therefore, suggest that the Senator from
