1866.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4175
but as we have now passed this additional com-
pensation for our employes, I thought the bet-
ter way was simply to insert the words "by
law," so that the Capitol police shall be enti-
tled to the increased compensation allowed by
law. Then if we fix upon the other bill the
extra compensation of the officers and elcrks
of the two Houses, the Capitol police get it;
if we do not fix it, they do not get it.
Mr. POLAND. I should like to inquire if
we fail to put them on this bill and the House
fail to put them on the other bill, how they are
going to get it at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will be on this
bill if the words "by law" are inserted in this
section, and they will get whatever the law fixes
as the extra compensation of the other em-
ploy6s.
Mr. POLAND. If I understand it, the pro-
vision in their favor in this bill is stricken out
on the recommendation of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But if a law is passed
in either bill, then they will get the benefit of
this twenty per cent.; if it is not passed, they
do not.
Mr. POLAND. I do not understand that
you propose to pass any such law. Any prop-
osition to cover these officers must be in one
or the other of these bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in the bill we fin-
ished last night with regard to the Capitol po-
lice and the employes of the Senate. The
House? will undoubtedly put on to that the em-
ployes of the House. Then, if that is agreed
to, and probably it will be, it will be a law.
Mr. POLAND. Where are the Capitol police
to stand?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are then to take
advantage of that law and get the same twenty
per cent.
Mr. POLAND. They are not named in the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are named in this
bill, and whatever is fixed by law as extra com-
pensation for the others they will receive the
same.
Mr. JOHNSON. Where is the same pro-
vision in this bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Section seven.
Mr. POLAND. If I understand the effect
of the amendment you proposed, it was to strike
out evervthingin reference to the Capitol police.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I propose,
instead of striking out the section, to insert
the words "by law" after "allowed," and let
it stand, 1' that the Capitol police shall be en-
titled to the increased compensation allowed
by law to officers," &c., instead of standing as
it does now, allowed by a resolution of the
House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That.is all right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is all right and will
accomplish the purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will cover it cer-
tainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine proposes to amend the section by
inserting in line two, afterthe word "allowed,"
the words " by lg,w."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IiENDIUCKS. I move to add after
the word " police," in the first line of that sec-
tion, the words "and two policemen at the
Executive Mansion." They discharge the same
duly and perhaps more duty than the Capitol
police.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are providing here
for the Capitol and not going any further than
that, and iu a bill which we have passed at this
session we fixed the salaries at the President's
Mansion just as they asked for them precisely,
and thev all professed to be satisfied with them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. They are fixed at just
the same that the Capitol police here get, I
understand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why go to the Execu-
tive Mansion and the Departments in this mat-
ter, where we are merely acting for the Capi-
tol? I do not want to burden this bill with
other matters.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator is
mfstaken. I think that the bill he refers to
fixes the compensation of the messengers at
the Executive Mansion, but not the policemen.
My amendment is to provide for two policemen
who have been detailed for service at the Ex-
ecutive Mansion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We provided for them
in the executive bill. Their salaries are all
fixed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This session?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; of all the
officers there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think not these two
policemen. One of them spoke to me about
it. and said they rendered more arduous ser-
vice than the policemen do here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I object to is to
traveling outside of the object of this provision
and beginning with the policemen there. The
next thing will be that somebody will speak to
a Senator about the policemen in the Depart-
ments, and so it will go on. This is confined
to the officers, clerks, and policemen of the
Capitol.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Executive
Mansion ought to stand, in that regard, pre-
cisely with the Capitol. I think they ought to
have the same compensation.
Mr. E'ESSENDEN. We have provided
exceedingly liberally for everything about the
Executive Mansion, just as it was asked for.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think you are mis-
taken about these policemen.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Maine
will excuse me, I can add a little information
on this subject. The fact appears to be this:
when the guard of soldiers that attended at the
Executive Mansion were relieved there_ were
two policemen deputed to serve there; it was
deemed prudent to have them there; and there
is no provision for their compensation by any
existing law; and therefore, unless the words
suggested by the Senator from Indiana are
added, those two persons will have no compen-
sation. That is all there is in it. I get this
information from an undoubted source.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot be so.
Mr. CONNESS. It is so.
Mr. HENDRICKS, [to Mr. Fessendbx.]
You had better let it go in any way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is the fact I will
not object. I will send for my clerk and find
out. 1 ask that the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana be laid ojer at present until we
can get some information about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over by general consent,
if there be no objection.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Do the words "Cap-
itol police" in this section include those em-
ployed in the grounds as well as in the build-
ing?
Mr. FESSENDEN. All around the Capitol.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the committee to
strike out the seventh section, as amended.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert after sec-
tion seven the following words:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the follow-
ing sums be appropriated out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, namely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a
verbal amendment, and will be considered as
agreed to, if there be no objection.
The next amendment? was to insert at the
end of the bill the following:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, namely:
For the Senate folding-room, S6.000. .
For additional messengers during the session, So,Oui).
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to move an amend-
ment to that amendment. I will state that my
amendment is to correct a mistake or an error
in the motion of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Giumes,] who suggested an increase of twenty
per cent, in the compensation of the employes
of the Senate. It appears that there are seven
or eight additional messengers whose compensa-
tion isnot provided bylaw, and it has bowl ascer-
tained this morning that the motion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa does not meet their case; that
they will necessarily be left out; and it is to per-
fect his motion that I offer this amendment. It
was thought that they would be unable to get
it perfected in the other bill. My amendment
is to insert at the end of the amendment of the
committee the following:
And such messengers and other employ6s arid clerks
of committees whose compensation has not been
otherwise increased at this session of Congress shall
receive twenty per cent, in addition to the compen-
sation heretofore allowed, commencing the first Mori.
day in Decomber, 1865.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word '_< dol-
lars" in line eleven, page 12, I move to insert
the following:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
compensation of the clerk engaged in the sale of in-
ternal revenue stamps in the office of the United
States Assistant Treasurer at San Francisco, $000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
California will give me his attention for one
moment, I will now read the provision in re-
gard to the policemen at the Executive Man-
sion. We inserted in tho Senate the following
amendment on the legislative appropriation
bill, which was agreed to by the House :
To enable tho Commissioner of Public Buildings to
pay two policemen at the President's House, $2,(540.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
pay two policemen at the President's House (one from
August 24, the other from November 25,1S65, to Juno
30,18G6, $2,023 31.
Mr. CONNESS. All I have got to say is the
very highest compliment to the committee; it
is all right.
Mr. CRESWELL. I desire now to go back
to the amendment whicli was passed over in
lines eighty-four, eighty-five, and eighty-six of
the first section. In lieu of those lines 1 move
to insert the following:
Tho compensation of the deputy solicitor of the
Courtof Claims shall be$3,500, payable quarterly out
of any money in tho Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
It appears that upon tho establishment of
this court in-1855 there was authorized to be
appointed a solicitor of the Court of Claims
alone; but it was soon found that it was impos-
sible for him properly to discharge the duties;
and the next year authority was given for the
appointment by the President of an assistant
solicitor of the Court of Claims, and also au-
thority given to tho solicitor himself to appoint
a deputy. The assistant was to receive under
the law of 1856 $3,500, and tho deputy $2,500.
By subsequent legislation in 1803 it was en-
acted :
" That the solicitor, assistant solicitor, and deputy
solicitor of said court shall hereafter be appointed by
tho President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and it shall be their duty faithfully and
diligently to defend the United States in all matters
and cases beforo said Court of Claims, and in all cases
taken by appeal therefrom to the Supreme Court; and
no other fee or compensation than the salary of said
solicitor and assistant and deputy solicitors shall
hereafter, in any case, bo paid to either of tliem, and
no fee or compensation for services in cither the Su-
premo Couit or Courtof Claims shall horealter bo
allowed or paid in any easo by the United States."
By this last enactment it will be observed
that these three officers are put on precisely
the same basis, all appointed by the President,
and all have exactly the^ same duties to per-
form. Of course, the solicitor is the chief offi-
cer, who directs the operations of the other two;
but the same duties being required of all these
officers it seems to me to be eminently just that
the deputy solicitor should receive the same
salary as the assistant solicitor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does the assist-
ant solicitor receive ? , , , ,
Mr. CRESWELL. Thirty-five hundred dol-
IaMr. FESSENDEN. The provision in the
bill is that he shall receive the same salary as
the solicitor. AVhat does the solicitor receive ?
Mr. CRESWELL. Thirty-five hundrsd dol-
''"Mr. FESSENDEN. What does the deputy
solicitor receive ?
Mr. CRESWELL. Twenty-five hundred
