232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
Illinois should. proceed with his bill to-mor-
row.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
settle the matter to-day, and not have a contro-
versy to-morrow about the bills which we shall
consider. The Senator from Kentucky desires
to express his views upon the bill which the
Senator from Maine has in charge, on personal
considerations; he asks it as a matter of court-
esy to him. I do not very well see how to re-
sist that; and if the Senator from Maine will
consent that after the Senator from Kentucky
Shall have made his remarks that bill may be
laid aside and the one to which I have called
attention proceeded with, I shall agree, so far
as I am concerned, that that bill may come up
to-morrow. What I was apprehensive of was
that if the District bill came up to-morrow, and
the Senator from Kentucky spoke upon it, a
lengthy discussion would be the result, that
would for a long period prevent any action upon
the other bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that
• course being taken, yielding to what I suppose
to be the sense of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I shall interpose no
objection to the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, that this bill be postponed until to-
morrow, with the understanding that on the con-
clusion of his remarks the Frecdmen's Bureau
bill shall be taken up.
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to.
iowa soldiers' okpiians' home.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the joint
resolution which was reported this morning by
the Senator from Indiana, [Sir. Laxe,] from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (II. li. No. 18) granting certain public
property to the Soldiers' Orphans' Home, of
Iowa, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to donate to that institution
the buildings, sheds, furniture, and other prop-
erty at Camp Kinsman, near Davenport, Iowa.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate "without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Iowa what is the supposed value
of the buildings?
Mr. GRIMES. Ihavenotseenthebuildings,
and can only state to the Scnale what I am told
by others. Perhaps the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred, and
who have had a conference with the Secretary
of War on the subject, can furnish that infor-
mation more authentically than 1 can. Their
value is not great, however. The property con-
sists of the sheds and barracks connected with
a camp which has been occupied for some
months by some three hundred orphan children
of soldiers, made orphans by I he war; it is in
their possession already. 1 suppose its value
does not exceed $1,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator does not un-
derstand me as objecting to (lie resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no ; I did not so under-
stand you.
Mr. .JOHNSON. I merely wanted to 1 -now
the supposed value o f the propei ty. There ai e
in Maryland, at Point Lookout, buildings of the
same character erected during the war for the
Government, costing, I understand, some four
or five hundred thousand dollars, but which I
suppose would not sell now for more than cialit
or nine thousand dollars, and I believe there
has been a bill passed the House—I am not
sure ab'out that, though—giving the whole of
those buildings to the proprietors of the land in
liquidation of the claim which the}' say they
have for the rent of their property. I thought
it possible that this might establish a precedent
beyond bills of that description.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a claim for the
rent of the land in this case ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No. sir. When this
resolution was up before, it was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs to look into
the matter and see if some general lav/" could
not be passed embracing the public property in
the different States that was claimed for the use
of charitable associations. This joint resolu-
tion was submitted to the Secretary of War,
and by him. referred to General Meigs, the Quar-
termaster General. They report, substantially,
without reading the letters or referring to them,
that in this ease tliey think it would be proper
to give this property over to this orphan asylum,
but that no general law can be passed on the
subject without danger of interfering with the
public interests. Here was a temporary camp
at Davenport, a temporary rendezvous for sol-
diers from Iowa and Illinois, perhaps, consist-
ing of temporary sheds and barracks. By the
consent of the War Department they were set
apart for the use of the Orphans' Home of Iowa,
and have been so occupied. The Secretary of
War thinks it will be proper to give this prop-
erty to that association. There is no claim on
the property for fee-simple or anything else.
Mr. JOHNSON. No claim for rent?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No, sir; nothing of
the kind.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
national tmilitaiiy asylum.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate, by unani-
mous consent, to proceed now to consider Sen-
ate bill No. 54, which was reported this morning
from the Committee on Military Affairs.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
64) to amend an act entitled "An act to incorpo-
rate a National Military and Naval Asylum for
the relief of the totally disabled officers and men
of the volunteer forces of the 'United Slates,"
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes so to amend the act of March 3,
1805, as to make it read as follows :
That Ulysses S.Grant,DavidG.Farrasrut, Hannibal
Hamlin, Andrew Johnson, Salmon 1\ Chase, Edwin
M. Stanton, Gideon Welles, John A. Dix, George lian-
eroft, "William T. Sherman, John A. Andrew, Andrew
G. (Jurtin. Oliver V. Morton, Benjamin F. Butler,
GoorgeW. Meade, Nathaniel L\Banks,Joseph Hooker,
Samuel R. Curtis, Richard J. Ogleshy, David Todd,
Henry Ward Bceeher, Ambrose E. Burnside, John A.
Logan, Daniel S. Dickinson, William A. Buckingham,
Carl ISchurz, Oliver 0. Howard, Hamilton Fish, Erank
Sigcl. Austin Blair, Thomas C. Fletcher, Robert J.
Rreekiuridge, Lovell 1L Rousseau, Horace (Jreeley,
Gcorgo H. Stuart, Joseph llcnry, John G. Barnard,
Henry J. Ra> niond, William 15. Aid or. James Gordon
Bennett, 11. W. Jlalkvk, William E. Dodge, William
M. Evarts, Jamcs T. Brady, Gcrritt Smith, Reuben E.
Fenton, Boil amy Stoivr, George 1\ Mel lvaine.Galusha
A, Grow, Ilenry W. Bellows, J. S. 0. Abbott, Jay Cooke,
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Israel Washburn,ir., ichabod
Goodwin, Frederick Smyth, J olm Z. Goodrich, Charles
Demy Davis, William ChtQin, J. Wilcv Edmands,
Amos A, Lawrence, Edward S. Toboy, Thornas Rus-
sell, Charles G. Lonnjx, (Jeororc B. Upton, Charles G.
Greene, J.M.S. Williams GcorgeG.Stannard, Henry
M. Rice, Orenville M. Dodge, Morton McMichacl,
Thomas Webster, James M.Seovel. Nathaniel B.Ba-
ker, Richard J. Field, lienry 0. Carey, John W. For-
ney, Bishop M. Shtip.-on,G. S.Griffith, William Henry
Channinp-. James F. Yeafman, Dwight TUukee, A. T.
Stewart, Barnabas 1 lobbs, Montgomery Blair, J oscph
K. Barnes, F. B.Ward, Henry W. Benhnm, Frank
Moore, Alfred Lee, Edward Solomon, Thomas C.
Bryon, B. B. French, Samuel J. Crawford, James T.
Pratl, Alfred 11. Terry, Edward Tompkins, Moses F.
OdeJl, and then succomus, duly chosen, arc hereby
constituted and created a body corporate in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That, the said cor-
poration hereby constituted shall consist of one hun-
dred members, and anv number of corporators irreater
than one fifth of the whole number shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business; and any busi-
that may have been done, or may hereafter be
done, by such a quorum, shall bo deemed valid and
of the same legal effect as if the same had been em-
bodied m the original act. Theyshall have power to
fill all vacancies created by death, resignation, or
otherwise, and to make by-laws, rules, and regula-
tions: Provided, That Mich by-laws, i ales, and regu-
lations >>re nor repugnant to the Constitution or laws
of the United States.
Sjt. 8. And be it further enciefed, That the business
of said corporation shall bo managed by a board of
twelve directors, who shall elect from their number a
president, two vice presidents, and a secretary; and
seven of the dii eaors of'whom the preach: ut or one
of the vice presidents shall bo one, shall form a quo-
rum tor the transaction of business at any meeting of
the board of directors.
Slc. 4. An'lbeit further enacted, That the hoard of
directors shall h avc authority to procure for early use,
at suitable places sites for military asylums for ail
persons serving in the war of the rebellion not pro-
vided for by ex'i^fin'-r laws, who have been or may
hereafter be disqualified for procuring their own
maintenance and support by reason of wounds re-
ceived or sickness contracted while in tbelineof their
duly during the present rebellion: and to have the
necessary buildings erccfecd, having due regard to the
health of the location, facility of access, and compe-
tency to accommodate the persons provided for in
this act.
Sec. 5. And be \t further enacted. That for the es-
tablishment and support of this asylum there shall be
appropriated all stoppages or fines ad bulged against
such officers and soldiers, or seamen, by sentence of
courts-martial, or military commission, over and
above the amounts necessary for the reimbursement
of the Government or of individuals; all forfeitures
on account of desertion from such service; and all
moneys duo such deceased officers and soldiers, or sea-
men. which now are or may be unclaimed for throe
years after the death of such officers, soldiers, or sea-
men, to be repaid upon the demand of the heirs or
legal representatives of such deceased officers, sol-
diers, or seamen. And the said directors are hereby
authorized to receive all donations of money or prop-
erty made by any person or porsons for the benefit of
the asylum, and to hold or dispose of the same for its
sole and exclusive use.
• Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the selection
of the sites for the said asylums, and the plan of the
buildings, and the rules and regulations for the gen-
eral and internal direction of the asylum, shall be
made by the directors, and they may do all other acts
necessary for thogoveminent andiuterests of the same,
as hereby authorized.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the officers of
the asylums shall consist of a governor, a deputy gov-
ernor, a secretary, and a treasurer, and such other
officers as the board of directors may deem necessary;
to bo appointed from disabled officers serving as be-
fore mentioned, and they may be appointed and re-
moved from time to time, as the interests of the insti-
tution may require, by the boaid of directors.
Sec. 8. And be it further cnuctcd, That the following
persons only shall be entitled to the benefits of the
asylum, and may be admitted thereto upon the recom-
mendation of three of the board of dii cetors, namely,
all officers, soldiers, and seamen who have served in
thepresentwar andnotprovidedforby existinglaws,
who have been or who may be disabled by wounds re-
ceived or sickness contracted in the line of their duty;
and such of these as have neither wife, child, or pa-
rent dependent upon them, on becoming inmates of
this asylum, or receiving relief thcrcfiom, shall assign
thereto their pensions, when required by the board of
directors, during the time they shall remain therein
or receive its benefits.
Sec. 9. And be it further enarted, That tho directors
shall make an annual report of the condition of the
asylum to the War Department, which shall be com-
municated to Congrc&s on the fiist Monday of every
January after the'passagc of this act, and if shall be
the duty of the said directors to examine and audit
the accounts of the treasurer, and visit the asylums
quarterly.
Sec. 10. And be if further enacted, That all inmates
of the asylum shall be, and they arc hereby, made sub-
ject to the Rules and Articles of Wai, and will be gov-
erned thereby in the same manner as if they were in
the Army or Navy of the United States.
Seo.11. And be it further enacted, That tho directors
of the asylum shall have power and authority to aid
persons who are entitled to its benefits by out-door
relief m such manner and to such extent as tlicy may
deem proper, provided such relief shall notexeced the
average cost of maintaining an inmate ol' the asylum.
Sec. 12. And- be it farther enacted. That Congress may
at any time hcrcaftor alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. GRIMES. "With the assent of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, I
move to amend the fifth section by striking out
the words "or seamen"' wherever they occur;
they are to be found in the fourth, eighth, tenth,
and twelfth lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In section eight, line five, I
move to strike out the words "and seamen,"
and before "soldiers," in line four, to insert
"and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the
words "or Navy" in line four of section ten.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. "WILSON. I understand that the Sen- .
ator from Iowa desires to make a further amend-
ment to the bill, so as to insure tlic exclusion
from its operation of seamen in the naval ser-
vice ) and to give him an opportunity to prepare
bis amendment, I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
W. G. Moore, his Secretary.
On motion by Mr. POMEROY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive bus-
iness: and after some tune spent m executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
