1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Constitution to interfere with the internal policy
of the several States so as to define and reg-
ulate the '-civil rights or immunities among
the inhabitants" therein. If I am correct in
this opinion, this clause is without constitutional
warrant, and the balance of the section, being
based upon it, necessarily falls with it.
I object to the entire second section of the
bill as a departure from the principles and prac-
tice of the Government. Much might be said
upon this section, but I propose to dismiss it
with the simple remark that it has been long
determined that United States laws must be
executed by United States officers, coupled with
the opinion that where there is a conflict be-
tween the State and United States laws, the
legitimate remedy is civil and not penal; or in
other words, that the legitimate remedy is by
appeal to the United States courts instead of
by penalty upon the State officer executing the
State law'; and further, that the provisions of
this bill, being without constitutional warrant,
no such conflict can legitimately arise, and no
such appeal can legitimately lie under it.
J consider this as one of a series of measures
which have been introduced into this Congress,
which, if adopted, would change not only the
entire policy, but the very form of our Govern-
ment, by a complete centralization of all power
in the national Government, and as most dan-
gerous to the liberties of the people and the
reserved rights of the States. And I cannot
dismiss this subject without expressing my as-
tonishment. an<l concern that (he representa-
tives of the people, with so short a tenure of
power, should bo engaged in this work. Were
this Congress composed of an hereditary aris-
tocracy such action would be but natural. Let
us consider (hat the liberty of the people is the
liberty of ourselves and our posterity, and that
its preservation demands the exercise of'1 eter-
nal vigilance" by the people, not only with
regard to invasions from without, but also with
regard to usurpations within the Government.
This disposes of my objections to the funda-
mental principles of the bill. The details 1
object to entire, because they provide for car-
rying into ell ect fundamental principles to wjiich
1 am opposed. 1 would have been pleased to
address the House at greater length upon these
points, to have elaborated my reasons, and
spread the authorities upon which they are
based upon the record; but' time fails, and 1
give them as they are to the House and coun-
try as the reasons which shall control my vote
upon this most, important measure.
Mr. liLDltl DfJlO. 1 move that this whole
subject be laid on the table; and on that mo-
tion 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 32, nays 118, not voting
!S:S; as follows:
YK AS—Messrs. Aneona, Boyer, Brooks, Ohanler,
Oofl'roUi. Dawson, Dcnison, Ei.h'kUco, Ulossbreiiner,
Goodyoui, (J nitvr, Aiutm llaiUiuK, Harris, Ilogan,
Edwin \\ 11 nl.iH'l], Kerr, l.i> Hlmul, Miustmll, Nib-
lack, iVirhoIsou, Radford, Bitter. Rogers,Ross, Rous-
seau, Siiaiiklm.Sirgrouves, Tabor, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, and Wiutield— 'W.
NAYS—Messis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
I>"loK I!. Ashley. .James M. Ashley, linker, Baldwin,
IS,inks, Baxter, Uoaoiau, Bidweil, Bingham, Blaine,
Blmv. (loutwell, Bromwell, liroomall, Bueklaud,
liimdv, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Colliding, Cook, Cullom,
Parting, Davis, l)efrees,I>oiano,l)emmg,Dixon, Don-
nelly, t>I:ihiinont, Miiot, Farnsworth, r,
J'Vuy, (!i imiell. AbnerO. Harding, llart, llayes, Hen-
derson. llnrby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Cluster !>. llubbard, Deimis Hubbard, John
II. llubl,aid. ltulburd, James Humphrey, Ingersoll,
■Jenckes, Julian, KeUov, KeLo, Ketchum, Kuykcu-
dall, Latham, Georgo Y. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Longvenr, Lynch, Marston. Marvin,
McClurg, JIcKee, iMcKuor, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myeis, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Pel ham, I'll dps, l'ikc, Plants, Price, Raymond,
Alexander II. Rice, John II. liiee, Sawyer, Sehenek,
Seotield, Sheilabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, bto-
vens, Thayer, Kraicis Thomas, John L. Ihoraas,
Trowbridge, Up.-on, Yon Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
RobertT. Van Ilorn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wasli-
burne, ileury 1>. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Wclker, Wentivoith, Wh.iley, Williams, James F.
Wibon, Stephen F. "Wilson, Wiiidom, and Wood-
bndgo—118.
NUT VOTING—Messrs,Barker,Beniamin, Bergen,
Brandegee,Reader W. Clarke, Culver.Dawes, Eekley,
Egglcston.Knek. Garfield, Griswold, Hale, Hotelikiss,
James 11. Ilubbell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, Laflin, McOullougli, Molndoe, Newell,
Noell, Patterson, Pomeroy, Samuel ,!. Randall, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Rollins, Smith, Stilwell,' Strouse,
and Wright—33.
So the House refused to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bingham to amend the motion to recom-
mit by adding the words:
With instructions to strike out of the first section
of the bill the following, to wit: And there shall
be no discrimination in civil rights or immunities
among citizens of the United Statest011 account of
race, color, or previous condition of slavery;" and
insert in the first section, line thirteen, after the
word "right." the words "in every btate and icrri-
tory of the United States." And also to strike out all
parts of said bill which are penal, and which author-
ize criminal proceedings, and in lieu thereof to give
to all citizens of the United States injured by denial
or violation of any of the other rights secured or pro-
tected by said act an action in the united States
courts, with double costs in all cases of recovery,
without regard to the amount of damages, and also
securing sueli persons the privilege of the writ ot
)iabca8 corpus.
• Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is it in order for
me to accept the proposed amendment to my
motion to recommit?
The SPEAKER. It is not, exceptby unan-
imous conscnt.
Mr. STEVENS and others objected.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would only do
that to save a vote.
On the motion of Mr. Bingham, there were,
on a division—ayes til, noes 80.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
eighteen, not one fifth of a quorum.
Mr. BINGIIAM demanded tollers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson,
of Iowa, and Bixgiiaji, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes twenty-four, more than one fifth
of those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 113, not voting
33; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bingham,Blow, Bundy,
Oonkling, Darling, Davis, Det'rees, Delano,Doming,
Duniont,, Kavquhar, Hill, Chester!). Hubbard, John
11. Hubbard, llulbnrd, James Humphrey, Jenckes,
Ketcha.m, lvuykcndall, George V. Lawrence, Long-
year, Marston, Marvin, MoKce, Mercur, Miller, My-
ers, Orth, Phelps, Plants, Raymond, Stilwell, John
L. Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, and Wlialey—37.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Baxter, Beaman, Bidweil, Btaine, Boutwell, Boyer
Kliot, Knrnxworth, Kerry, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Goodvour, tJrinnell, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hard-
ing, J iart. Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, ilogau, Holmes,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N.
ilubbell, [nger.soll, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr, La-
tham, William Lawreneo, Le Blond, Loan, Lynch,
Mar.-lnill, McCluig, Mcltuer, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Newell. Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
O'Neill, Paine, l'crham, Pike, Price, Radford, Alex-
ander II. Riee, John 11. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Sohcnck, Seofield, Shanklin, Shel-
labarger. Sitgrea.ves, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Eianeis Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble. Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wcntworth, Williams. James
F. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Wiudom, Winfield,
and \Yoodbri<lgc—113.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Baldwin, Barker, Ben-
jamin, Bergen, Brandegoe, Reader W. Clarke, Cul-
ver, Dawes, Bckley, Egglcston, K)nek, Grider, Oris-
wohl. Hale, Harris, Ilooper, Hotehki«s, James R.
Ilubbell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Kasson, Lallin, MeCullough, Melndoe, Patterson,
Pomeroy. Samuel J, Randall, William II. Randall,
Rollins, Smith, Strouse, and Wright—-33.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. THAYER stated that Mr. Eckley was
absent by leave of the House.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question recurred on the motion to
recommit.
Mr. BIN GUAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
: in the allirmative—yeas 82, nays 70, not voting
'31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Baker, Bing-
ham, Blow, Boyer, Bramdegeo, Brooks, Buck! and,
Bundy, Chanler, Coffroth, Conklmg, Darlmg, Davis,
Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Deming,Demson,Dumont,
Eldridge.Earquhar, Glossbi enner, Goodyear, teider,
Aaron Harding, Hayes, Hill.Hogan Chester D Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Ilulburd,
JamesHumphrey, Ingersoll, J onckes, Kerr, Ketcham,
Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall, Marston, JVlarvm,
Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Myers^ :Newell, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell, O Neill, Orth, Phelps, Plants, Rad-
ford, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Rousseau, Schenck,
Scofield, Shanklin, Shellabarger-, Spaldimg, Stil-
well, Taber, Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry IX
Washburn,"VVelker, Whaley, Stephen F.Wilson, and
Winfield-82. 4 ^ , t> a t,
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, gelos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bea-
man, Bidweil, Blaine, Boutwell, Broomall, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dixon, Donnelly, Dnggs,
Eliot, Tarnsworth, Perry, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner
C. Harding, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Iligby, Holmes,
IJooper. Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, J ulian,
Kelley,Kelso,Loan,Longyear,Lynch, McUurg, Mc-
Kee, McRuer, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton. Fame,
Perham, Pike, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John H.
Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Sioan, Starr, Stevens, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge. Upson, Van Aernam,
Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Wentworth, Williams, James E. Wilson, VTindom,
and Woodbridge—70. . .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barker,Benjamin,Bergen,
Bromwell, Reader W.Clarke, Culver, Dawes, Eckley,
Eggleston, Einck, Griswold, Hale, Hotehkiss, James
R. Ilubbell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Kasson, Baffin, McCullough, Melndoe, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Rollins, Sitgreaves, Smith, Strouse, Burt Van Horn,
and Wright—31.
So the bill was recommitted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that thq motion to reconsider Be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolution
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (II. R. No. 201) to declare the mean-
ing of certain parts of the internal revenue act
approved June 30,1864, and for other purposes;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 36)_ providing
for expenses incurred in searching for missing
soldiers of the Army of the United States, and
for the further prosecution of the same.
lake superior harbor.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting the chief Engineer's report of the
estimates required for Lake Superior harbor, to
clear its entrance, &e.; which was ordered to
bo printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
keimbujisemevt to mtspottih.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back Senate bill No. 31,
to reimburse the State of Missouri for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to
aid in suppressing the rebellion, with amend-
ments ; and moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and made the special order for this day
two weeks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall
object to making it a special order.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope it will be made;
it is an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not a general appro-
priation bill; only a general appropriation bill
can be made a special order by a majority.
Mr. STEVENS. Cannot a majority make
this a special order?
The SPEAKER. It cannot. What action
does the gentleman desire?
Mr. STEVENS. Let it be fixed for the lime
I have named.
The bill was accordingly read afirst and second
time, ordered to be printed, and postponed till
two weeks from to-day, after the morning hour.
PRINTING 01? TESTIMONY".
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the
