1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1297
evidence reported by each of the sub-committees on
reconstruction, or which maybe hereafter reported,
be printed for tlio use of the members of this House.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. It merely goes to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. LE BLOND. The effect is simply to
bring it back into the House again.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has, of
course, a right to object.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was calling the committees for reports
of a private nature, beginning with the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL. T move that the rules be
suspended in order to take up House bill No.
387.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask the gentleman to
yield a moment for a question.
Mr. MORRILL. I will hear it.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have been receiving,
as I suppose other members of Congress have
received, constant inquiries from my constitu-
ents as to the probability of some report being
made from the Committee of Ways and Means
iipon the subject of internal revenue taxation.
I desire to ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means if he can give the House any
information as to when that committee will
probably be ready to report, either in whole
or in part, on that very important subject.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to the gentleman's
inquiries I will state that the Committee of
Ways and Means had expected to make an
early report, embracing the subject of taxes
on cotton and incomes, with various reductions
in the internal revenue. We had hoped to re-
port ere this.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] has moved to suspend
the rules.
Mr. ANCONA. The Chair has stated that
the order of business was calling the commit-
tees for reports of a private nature, and has
commenced the call.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is in order. The Chair will have the
rule read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"A motion to go into Committee of the Whole
House oil the state of the Union may be entertained
on private-bill day. but the motion to so into Com-
mittee of the Whole Iloir-e takes precedence."
TRADE WITII BRITISH AMERICA.
The motion of Mr. Morrill to suspend the
rules was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the \V hole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Raymond in the chair.) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. S37, to regulate trade
with the British North American possessions.
Mr. MORRILL. At the close of the debate
when the committee had this subject last under
consideration, all general debate was to be ter-
minated in twenty minutes. The gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] desired to occupy a
part of that time, and the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] the remainder.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. How much time does
the gentleman expect to occupy?
Mr. ALLISON. I expect to be limited to ten
minutes, and the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lyncii] is to have the remaining ten minutes.
A proposition affectingour commerce to the
amount of $08,000,000 should be carefully con-
sidered before action is taken.
I do not know that I shall support the bill
as it is reported from the committee. There
are many objections to it which I will not take
time now to point out, hoping that amendments
will be made to obviate those objections.
But, sir, I have been surprised at the oppo-
sition that has been made to this bill, ^especially
at the arguments made bv the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [ Mr. Keltxt.] He informs us
3'Jiu Comi. l-'i' Sn.-w.~-- No. 82.
that when this bill was first under considera-
tion he intended to support it with the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. F. Thomas,] having reference to the bitu-
minous coal, but after a night's examination
of the bill he came to the conclusion that it was
false in principle and false in detail, and that
it had no merit in it whatever. And after this
general statement he informs the committee of
the several imperfections in the bill by saying
that if a certain proposition is adopted it will
prostrate and destroy several material interests
of this country; and then he goes on to specify
them, namely, the fisheries, the salt-works, the
lumber trade, and the bituminous coal interest
east of the Alleghany mountains.
Now, sir, in the first place let me say that
there is nothing whatever in this bill in refer-
ence to any salt interest, I am not aware that
there is any salt produced in the British colo-
nies ; on the contrary, the Canadian Provinces
take salt from us. There is no restriction in
it having reference to tariff on salt. And in
regard to the several other interests of which
he has spoken, I desire to examine the statis-
tics for a moment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] informs us that if this bill goes into oper-
ation it will affect materially the bituminous
coal interest of this country. Now, it is the
fact, as appears from the statistics, that in the
fiscal year 1864-65 there were only 317,000
tons of bituminous coal imported into this
country from the British Provinces. The pres-
ent tariff imposes a duty of $1 25 per ton on
eoal of this character, while this bill imposes
a duty of fifty cents; so that the difference is
o'nly seventy-five cents.
Now, this difference of $200,000, the gentle-
man tells us, will be placed in the pockets of
the men of the British Provinces, and will to
that extent interfere with the production of
bituminous coal in this country. Now, what
are the statistics of the production of bitumi-
nous coal in this country? There have been
produced during the last year 17,000,000 tons
of coal, and I think it is hardly possible that
the introduction of 317,000 tons would mate-
rially affect the price of seventeen millions
produced in this country from our own mines.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit
me one moment?
Mr. ALLISON. Only for a question. I
have not time to yield for an explanation.
Mr. KELLEY. I want to correct some of
the gentleman's figures. The amount of coal
imported from-the Provinces of Great Britain
into the States east of Pennsylvania was more
than the amount of domestic coal consumed in
those States by within a few tons of the amount
stated as the total amount imported into this
country.
Mr. ALLISON. That is not my proposition.
I stated that there were imported from the Brit-
ish North American Provinces 317.000 tons of
coal during the fiscal year 1305. 11 is ti ue that
there have been imported from Gieat Britain
208,000 tons of coal, paying a duty of $1 25
per ton, because that coal can come in as
cheaply as that from the Provinces, coming as
it does in the shape of ballast. I berefore the
amount of tariff' proposed does not materially
affect the price. But if the importation of
317,000 tons of eoal in a single ) car, with a
tariff duty of fifty cents instead of SI 25 per
ton, will prostrate the eoal interest of this coun-
try, which produoess 17,000.000 tons of coal
annually, fit an expenditure of bS5,000,000,
then it seems to me that the coal production
has very little to sustain and support it in the
way of tariff. Hence, while I would not par-
ticularly object to a proper increase of duty on
coal, I think I have shown from these figures
that the difference betweenfifty cenfs and t-.l 25
will not affect the price of coal, and _yet the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Keu.ey]
informs ns that this great interest of this coun-
try, involving as it does 35,000,000 per annum,
is to be suspended and prostrated. It is proper
to say, further, that coal is a rasv material and
is used in almost every branch of industry, and
the duty at last is paid by the consumers of
these articles.
The chairman of the committee [Mr. Mob-
rtll] very appropriately informed the gentle-
man that it was proposed to take off the internal
duty upon coal, and in addition to that to take
off the duty upon the freight earnings of the
railroads, and thus reduce the average amount
of internal duty upon coaT fifteen or twenty-
cents per ton.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will permit
me for an instant, I will now read the correct
figures, which I have from the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury. I will not say a
word, merely read the figures. During the
fiscal year of 1865 there were imported free of
duty from the British Provinces, 405,194 tons
of coal; from England, paying a duty of &1 25
per ton, 218,980 tons.
Mr. ALLISON. I have nothing to say with
reference to these figures; I presume they are
taken from the report of the revenue commis-
sioner. But I also have the exact figures iji
reference to the importation of coal, taken from
the statistics of the Provinces. But whether it
be 317,000 tons or 405,000 tons does not make
any difference in the argument. And I have
further figures in reference to that question
which will show that the coal production of thia
country has been immensely stimulated within
the last three or four years. In the fiscal year
of 1^62-63 there were produced 9,000,000 tons;
in the fiscal year of 1803-64 there were pro-
duced 15,000,000 tons; and during the last fis-
cal year there were produced 17,000,000 tons,
in round numbers. And I have been informed
by gentlemen upon whose statements I place
great reliance, that the coal interest of this
country, for the last three or four years, has
been an immensely prosperous interest and has
divided laige dividends.
Therefore the objection of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] to this bill,
which he denounced as of British origin and
concocted evidently by the Canadian ministry,
cannot be sustained from his argument in rela-
tion to coal. I might say with as little truth
and more of plausibility that the substitute
offered by him is the offspring of a Canadian
parturition, because in that substitute he pro-
poses to strike down one of the great interests
o f the West, that of production of live animals.
The statistics of last year show there have
been imported from Canada alone, live an-
imals and produce of animals to the value of
over seven million dollars. Y ctthe proposition
of the gentlemen would strike down this great
interest of the country, as this biH-proposes
to levy a duly of twenty per cent, ad valorem
upon the value of all live animals imported
which under existing law come in free of duty,
and thus have an advantage over the producing
States of the West.
Now, with reference to some of the other
interests which the gentleman considered would
be entirely suspended if this bill goes into op-
eration. There is the lumber interest of the
country. I have endeavored to examine this
bill in reference to the present tariff upon lum-
ber, and I am satisfied that whether this bill
or the general tariff law goes into operation on
the 17 th instant, it will not materially affect the
lumber interest, if it afreets it at all. It allows
the importation into this country of a class of
lumber which we must have for the use of our
farms; that is, the cheap lumber used for
fencing and other purposes^ on our farms*.
I have nothing to say in reference to the
fisheries, for that question has been already
fully argued here. But 1 will venture the_ as-
sertion that if the general tariff law goes into
operation on the 17th instant it will m the
CLgpT6gctt6 protect our fisheries no better than
the bill now under consideration by this com-
mittee. . , . „ , ,
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Allison] has expired.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the gentleman's
time be extended.
The CHAIRMAN. "By order of the House
general debate is limited.
