1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3217
can descent, born in the country, can be made
citizens of the United States if the people shall
really desire to make them such. I answer
that this can only be done by an amendment
of the Federal Constitution. In this declara-
tion I feel that I am sustained by the recent
action of the committee on reconstruction in
the proposed amendments to the Constitution
which tha^committee have reported, and which
have recently passed Congress in a modified
form. The first of the series of the proposed
amendments is intended to confer citizenship
on that very class of persons. Why, then, is
such an amendment to the Constitution ne-
cessary if the civil rights bill already confers
citizenship upon them'!1 I have heard no sat-
isfactory response to that inquiry yet, and I
know of none that can begiven. Hence I infer
that the majority here in Congress doubt the
constitutionality of the civil rights bill, at
least in so far as it attempts to confer citizen-
ship on the native colored race.
But it is insisted that these disabilities im-
posed by many of the States upon their col-
ored population are in opposition to the pre-
vailing sentiment of the times in wliieh we
now live, and ought to be at once removed.
This I maintain is a question for the States
themselves to discuss and to determine. What
is best for the colored people in some States
may not be best for them in others, and hence
the States can best respectively determine the
necessities of these people within their own
limits. If let alone by the General Govern-
ment. these matters will soon adjust them-
selves. In the present altered and defenseless
condition of the negro race the highest impulses
of humanity will impel the white people every-
where, I firmly believe, to provide what is
necessary to their piospcrity and comfort. To
doubt this is to east suspicion on the fitness
and capacity of the white people as a govern-
ing race. To allege the unfitness and incapa-
city of the white race to govern this country in
any of its parts is to assert that republican
institutions are a failure. For under Provi-
dence, this country is indebted for all its grand-
eur and glory to the genius and energy of the
white man. To him the jewels of liberty,
progress, and civilization were confided on
this continent, and upon him devolve their
preservation and transmission to posterity. He
cannot, if he would, evade his responsibility.
Despite the discouragements of the past few
years, I yet have faith that he will not fail in
the high destiny that has been assigned to
him.
Let, therefore, the people of the States upon
whom this duty peculiarly devolves, as I have
attempted to show, legislate with care, with
humanity, and with justice for those of the in-
ferior races within their midst. Let them see
to it that these people, not so gifted and not so
endowed in all things as they, have all the pro-
tection which their condition demands. Let
the white people, however, retain the power
of the Government in their own hands, and
wield it for the good of all. Let there be 110
visionary attempts to equalize fundamentally
different races. Let there be no surrender of
political power to weaker and untrained hands.
When the colored people shall have developed
in the sunlight of freedom, if they ever shall,
their capacity for self-government, it will then
be time enough to talk about dividing political
power with them.
As for the Slate of Indiana, on whose be-
half I have attempted to speak, I can very
safely predict that she will do with the colored
race within her borders whatever humanity
requires that she shall do, and that she will in
lier own good time relax her laws in relation
to those who may desire to migrate into the
State if her people shall ever be convinced
that justice or sound policy requires her to do
thU. As to whether she shall do so, and if so,
when, are questions for her people to determine,
however, and not for Congress. For my own
part, until some stronger reason than has yet
been urged shall present itself to my mind, X
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No..202.
will «tand opposed to any policy which tends
to increase the negro population of the State.
There are some other provisions of this civil
rights bill, Mr. Speaker, which I would like to
discuss, but my time will not permit me. I can
only refer to them in general terms. This bill
in substance also says that people of color of
all shades and races except Indians not taxed—
"Shall have the same right in every State and
Territory in the United States to make and enforce
contracts, to suo, by parties, and give evidence, to
inherit, purcliasc, lease, sell, hold, and eonvey real
and personal property, and to full and equal benefit
of all laws and proceedings for the security of person
and property as is enjoyed by white citizens, and shall
be subject to like punishment, pains, and penalties,
and to none other, any law, statute, ordinance, reg-
ulation, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.*'
This provision, I insist, is utterly null and
void so far as it conflicts with State laws, State
ordinances, and State constitutions. In the
District of Columbia, and wherever else Con-
gress is supreme, it is doubtless an effective and
valid provision, but in matters of local and
domestic concern within the States it can have
no force and validity whatever, as I believC.
This power of a State over its domestic affairs
was never in any manner surrendered to the
General Government, and hence was reserved
to the "States respectively or to the people."
This a cardinal principle in our form of gov-
ernment, and until recently was never denied,
that I am aware of, by any respectable states-
man 111 this country.
The convention which assembled at Chicago
in 18G0, and which first nominated Mr. Lincoln
for the Presidency, adopted the following as a
part of one of its resolutions:
"That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of
the Statu-, and especially the right of each State to
order and control it* own domestic institutions ac-
cording to its own judgment exclusively, is essential
to that balance of power en which the perfection and
endurance of our political fabric depends."
The party, therefore, constituting the major-
ity of this House, as it is thus shown, came into
power in 1801 fully pledged to this cardinal
principle of allowing the States exclusive con-
trol of their own local affairs. That principle
is as much the doctrine of the Constitution
to-day as it was in 1801. Then why attempt
to overthrow it? To attempt to do to-day what
the Constitution forbids is as much a crime
against liberty as if attempted in the earlier
and better days of the Republic.
These extraordinary provisions of this civil
rights bill are to me another illustration of the
tendencies of late to centralize all power in the
General Government. This tendency to con-
solidation of power in the Federal Government
is the counterpart of secession, and is another
of the political heresies which all true friends
of constitutional liberty ought equally to resist.
We must see to it that the reserved powers of
the States are respected on the one hand, and
011 the other that the authority of the Federal
Government, in all matters confided to it, must
be sustained at every hazard and at every sac-
rifice. Those who mo.-t stri\e to preserve the
proper equilibrium between the States and the
General Government are the truest Iriends of
the (Jnion everywhere. It is sometimes sug-
gested that the Federal Government does not
possess the constitutional power to do many
things which the emergencies of the country
require, and hence the necessity of some
amendments to the Constitution.
Until we learn, Mr. Speaker, to regard more
sacredly than wo have of late done the invio-
lability of the obligations which the Constitu-
tion already imposes, I fear that amendments
will be of little avail. Besides, sir, when the
Government is disorganized and nearly one
third of the States unrepresented in the na-
tional councils, it occurs to me as being an in-
opportune time to consider amendments to the
fundamental law affecting every portion of the
country. If the people of the lately insurgent
States are too disloyal to be allowed to reor-
ganize their State governments in their own
way, and too disloyal to elect Representatives
to Congress, it does occur to me as being a
strange inconsistency to say that they are nev-
ertheless loyal enough to vote upon amend-
ments to the Constitution. These suggestions
are digressive, however, from my line of argu-
ment, and I cannot pursue them further.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, the States are
the pillars which support the grand national
edifice, and are component parts of the Fed-
eral Government. To sustain them, then, in
what pertains to their jurisdiction is to sustain
the Government itself. To restore those States
which are now out of their practical relations
with the General Government is a task im-
posed by the highest impulses of patriotism.
Give us, therefore, restoration! Give us Union!
After these are secured to us we will then be in
a condition to consider what else our situation
requires.
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from New
York does not particularly desire to go on now,
1 ask him to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. DAVIS. I will do so with pleasure.
LOAN TO REPUBLIC 01' MEXICO.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish, Mr. Speaker, to
say a few words, not upon the question of re-
construction so much as upon other national
matters. As introductory to the remarks which
I propose to make, I ask the Clerk to read a
resolution wliieh I propose to offer (not for
action at the present time) and move that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union report it to the House with a recommen-
dation that it pass.
The Clerk read as follows:
Hexotvcd, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
bo instructed to inquire into the propriety of loan-
ing to the republic of Mexico, on proper security,
$iO,UOO,OUO to enable said lepublic to preventthc over-
throw of its Government and the establishment of a
monarchical Government on the continent of North
America.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Cullom.)
This resolution is read at the present time only
for information, as a part of the gentleman's
SDCGCll.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that the time has arrived when the United
States can calmly inquire whether that decla-
ration of American policy called the " Monroe
doctrine," which was once deemed so im-
portant and manly, shall be a practical idea
or a mere bravado. While we -were engaged
in civil war it was certainly prudent not to pro-
voke a, war with any powerful nation, though
I do not forget the bold policy of Rome, which
made her declare war against a powerful na-
tion, and march a legion against her to avenge
an insult, while Hannibal was at her gates.
Three years ago the measure now proposed
might have given to France just cause of
war. On the invasion of Mexico by that
l'ower, under a pretense very different from
the ultimate one, she and Mexico were the
contending belligerents. To have aided either
of them with loans would have been a breach
of neutrality. So now a loan to the republic
might be justly considered by Maximilian as
just cause of war, for which we would be re-
sponsible to him. For though he be a usurper
he is an acknowledged belligerent.
But now France could have no cause of com-
plaint according to the strictest rules of national
law. By the treaty of April, 18G4, between
Napoleon and Maximilian, an empire was
sought to be established independent of all
other nations. France ceased to be a princi-
pal in the contest, and entered into arrange-
ments with the so-called empire forthepayment
of her expenses and for the use of her troops
as a future portion of the army of Maximilian.
France occupies the same relation to the em-
pire of Mexico that the Hessian States did to
England while they sold their citizens to fight
against America m the time of our Revolution.
Their troops are mere Swiss fighting for pay in
a foreign army. The prime minister of France
lately disclaimed any interest in the Govern-
ment of Mexico, andsaid to our minister, " You
do us too much honor in supposing that we
have any part in the Mexican empire." What
might be just causc of war to Maximilian would
