186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2257
nacej the pJow7. the- loom, the anvil, adds to
the nation's wealth by increasing the market
value of the article upon which he is engaged
ox preparing for production from the soil.
This labor at once becomes part of the nation's
capital, and enters into the computation of the
nation's revenue.
• The more constant its employment the more
constant -and important its results. If unex-
erted, it is lost forever, both to the laborer
and to the nation. Thus the interest of every
part of the people is the interest of the whole;
and the duty of the laborer to work has its
counterpart in the duty of the nation to help
him work. The two are interdependent. The
nian cannot maintain himself without it. The
State cannot be prosperous unless its "bone
and sinew" be employed and prosperous. So
we find the unanswerable argument for protec-
tion in the very necessities of our nature,
which we dare not disregard, and which we
must respect if we would live and thrive.
interference of foreign interests.
Interested parties seek to drive the American
Congress from the discharge of this plain duty
to its people; and, as formerly, the impulse
now come3 "from, over the water." I have
just received, Mr. Speaker, from a constituent,
this circular, which has been extensively dis-
tributed throughout the western States, 1 learn.
It is so instructive upon this point that I insert
it entire:
[Confidential.]
New York, March 19,1866.
Dear Sir: "Wo the undersigned iron merchants in
New York, representing, weboliove.tho entire foreign
trade in railroad iron, and also a portion of that of
our own country, beg respectfully, but earnestly, to
oall your attention to the efforts being made by the
iron-masters of Pennsylvania, through their Rep-
resentatives in Congress, to procure an addition to
the already excessive duty on rails. With the eostof
freight, insurance, and incidental elinvKCS added to
the present duty, there is a discrimination of at least
seventy per cent, upon the manufacturers' price of
rails in favor of the Amoriean iron-master. It strikes
us this should be quite enough to secure him a proiit.
But itdoes appear strange that with a decline in gold,
labor, and the cost of living, an attempt should be
made, aided by a political money influence, so power-
ful as to warrant a fair chance of success, to advance
iho price of rails, under the name of protection to
home industry, to a price which would prevent the
development of new enterprises and mat erially in-
terfere with the repairs and reconstruction of the
railroads of the South and West. It would appear
as if the entire railroad, commercial, and agricul-
tural interests of the country were to give way to the
advancement of the one interest in Pennsylvania,
which has under the present tariff increased its ca-
pacity for production so considerably, and yet claims
legislation to almost make its business a monopoly.
We commend this matter to your carcful consid-
eration, and beg that you will uso your inilucnco
with your Representative in Congress, and endeavbr
to give them full information on this subicct, and ask
them which will produce the most revenue to the
Government, one mile of railroad, or the duty on
one ton of rails.
J. BOORMAN JOHNSON & CO.,
DEHON. CLARK & BRIDGES,
M.K. JESUPttCO.,
G. X. M. DAVIS,
JAMES TINKER,
NAYLOR & CO.,
DABNE5T, MORGAN & CO.,
R. & J. MAKEN,
PERKINS. LIViNGSTOJf & POST,
And others.
answers to the circular.
The gentlemen who signed and sent out this
circular frankly state that they represent the
entire foreign trade in railroad iron. No per-
son, then, need be mistaken as to the objects
they propose. They desire to build up the
foreign iron trade, out of which they live, and
to break down the domestic iron trade, by
which thousands of American working-men
earn their bread and maintain their families.
They charge that a "political money influ-
ence' ' is at work to achieve protection to home
interests. It is upon the records of the nation
that the last victory of the foreign trade, won in
1846, was with the aid of British gold, and it
is at least as- probable that the same interests
are now using the same means as that those in
the home trade arc. I make no charge, for I
have no facts, but it is mere impertinence in
these foreign agents to attempt to east an im-
putation in view of the ascertained expendi-
ture made by their own friends in the memora-
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 142.
ble contest which resulted in the passage of
the free-trade tariff of 1816.
They charge, further, that with the cost of
freight, insurance, and incidental charges added
to the present duty, there is a discrimination
of at least seventy percent, upon the manufac-
turers' price of rails in favor of the American
manufacturer. This can be easily refuted. The
foreign rail bears 110 share of the indirect bur-
dens levied by Government, and pays only the
import duty. The English and Welsh iron-
workers receive at this time'an average of about
fifty cents per day, making the ^et cost of a
ton of rails about twenty dollars. The net cost
of a ton of rails may be fairly computed at.
forty days' labor. Including the miner, mill-
men, mechanic, clerk, and manager, the aver-
age rate <Jf wages paid to men engaged in this
country is two dollars per day, making the cost
of the rails eighty dollars per ton. Four fifths
of this are expended in living as soon as earned.
On which the subjoined calculation, which has
been verified and may bo accepted as substan-
tially correct, shows the amount of tax received
by Government, which, be it remembered, re-
ceives nothing of this upon the foreign rail:
Table showing the indirect tax paid by labor on a ton
of rails.
Articles Taxed. Value. Tax.
Sugar $2 00 30
Coffee  90 10
Buckets, tubs, &c  50 2.4
Sirup  1 50 8
Matches  6 2
Tea  1 50 23
Soap, 6 tbs  1 00 7.2
Vinegar    50 2
Brooms  60 2.7
Carb. oil, gas, candles, &c  50 7
Hardware, queensware, &c  2 00 40
Patent medicines, doctoring, See  1 25 15
Muslins  2 50 12
Hosiery, &e  80 10
Checks, &e  50 2.6
Calico and ginghams  3 75 18.3
Cloths, cassinettes, and liaimels  3 75 17
Manufactured clothing  2 00 12
Boots and shoes    4 00 21
Beef, pork, and other meats 10 00 3
Taxes, stamps, &c  1 00 15
Whisky, 1 gallon  4 00 $2 00
Beer, 1 gallon  40 3
Smoking tobacco, 1 tb  GO 35
Chewing tobacco, 1 lb  1 00 40
Cigars  75 25
Sundries  2 61 15
$50 00 $5 83_
Articles not Taxed.
Rent $1 00
Hour, i bbl  5 00
Butter and cheese  1 00
Lard  20
— - - ' ... 5 0„
Vegetables, eggs, Ac 
Nottaxed  15 20
Taxed  50 U0
Amount tax..
To sum up this table and tell the whole story
at a glance, remembering that it requires one
ton and forty-three hundredths of pig metal
and seven bushels and seventy-two hundredths
of coal to make a ton of bar iron :
Table showing the total direct and indirect taxes on a
ton of rails.
llate. Tax.
Pig-iron  1.43 2.40 83 43
Coal    7.72 06 47
ltails  1.00 3.G0 3 B0
Add 12 per cent, to make gross ton    90
  8 40
  5 83
Total direct tax 
Indirect tax paid by laborers... 
Indirect taxes paid by manufacturer.
Tax on income, stamps, licenses., oil, steel, brass
castings, machinery and repairs, bricks, gum
and leather belting, freights, and the innu-
merable other itemsconnecied with the man-
ufacture and sale of iron, will add at least  2 00
16 23
Import duties on 2,240 pounds rails  15 68
Excess of revenue tax over tariff.  55
This calculation has been, I have said, made
with care, and I believe it to be mainly correct.
How different, then, is the relation of the for-
eign and domestic manufacturers from that
stated by the gentlemen who represent the
foreign trade of the country.
See, besides, the incidental benefit derived
from the presence 'in this country, rather than
in Great Britain, of manufacturing establish-
ments. The Cambria Iron-Works at Johns-
town, Pennsylvania, paid their employes, in
1864, the enormous sum of $1,399,899 82; and
in 1865, the still larger sum of $1,535,380 24.
The population maintained by this establish-
ment consumes annually, 2,000 head of beef
cattle, 3,000 head of sheep, the product of not
less than 4,000 hoga, and 20,000 barrels of
wheat flour from the States of Illinois, Wis-
consin, Iowa, and other parts of the great
Northwest.
An iron-works, to produce from the ore
10,000 tons per annum, employs the labor of
1,300 men, which supports a population of
0,500 of all ages and both sexes, who, by the
ascertained rate of political economists, con-
sume fifty dollars per head in agricultural prod-
ucts. The rail-mills of the country in 1865
produced 353,017 tons. If we make the liberal
deduction of 123,015 tons for rails rerolled,
and throw all the labor employed in rerolling
out of the calculation, we have 230,000 tons as
the amount of production, sustaining a popu-
lation of 150,000, who consume annually in
farm products alone, $7,475,000. This is tha
special branch of the iron business which the
"foreign trade in railroad iron" desire Con-
gress to sacrifice for their benefit, on the pre-
text, also,•that a few hundred miles of railroad,
lobe constructed this year or the next, maybe
spared from borrowing a thousand dollars or
so more per mile than might be required if
they succeed in their design of destroying it.
But the circular seeks to create a jealousy
by alleging that it is the manufacturers of
Pennsylvania who are making this effort. Why
single out the Keystone State for special men-
tion? In 1805, the total production of rail-
road iron in the United States was 353,017
tons, of which 180,123, or more than one half,
were made in other States; and of the thirty-
seven mills in the United States, about two
thirds arc in other Stales than Pennsylvania,
as appears fr&ni the following table:
States. No. of mills.
Massachusetts     2
Now York       5
New Jersey 1
Pennsylvania 14
Maryland    2
West Virginia    2
Ohio. 3
Kentucky :  2
Indiana 1
Illinois  3
Michigan    1
Tennessee   1
Pennsylvania contains but a portion of the
great bituminous coal-fields of the Union, She
lias less than Illinois or Ohio, and not more
than several others of the States; and New ■
York, Michigan, Missouri, Tennessee., and
Virginia have each of them more, and someof
them far better, iron ore than Pennsylvania.
Maryland, New Jersey, North Carolina, Geor-
gia, Kentucky, Arkansas, and probably Ala-
bama, have excellent ores, and either coal or
wood on the spot, or easily accessible for all
future requirements. The same fact is stated
of Utah and Montana, and is probably true of
other Territories. In the face of the truth,
then, that eleven States besides Pennsylvania
are already manufacturing rail-road iron, and
at least six others, beside the Territories, have
within them the leading materials in abundance
for its manufacture, the assumption of the cir-
cular that this is solely a Pennsylvania inter-
est, as against the rest of the country, is simply
absurd.
How strongly the true interests of some-of
the western and southern States are linked to
this iron question may be further indicated.
Some of them have resources in iron superior
to Pennsylvania, or to all those at the com-
mand of Great Britain. Some of the largest
iron-works in western Pennsylvania transport
the ore from which their product is made, from
northern Michigan and southern Missouri. A
rail-mill in Pittsburg gets its ore firom Lake
Superior, One of the largest mills in the State,
