1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 9,
Mr. KELLEY. I hope it will be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LYNCH. As I have but ten minutes'
time allowed me, and can say but little of
what I want to say in that time, I will yield
five minutes of it to the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] for his cour-
tesy.
I have stated the principal interests upon
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Ketxey] bases his opposition to this bill.
There are other great interests involved in
this bill which 1 think ought to be considered.
The great West, the farm-producing section
of this country, is entitled to the consideration
of this committee and of this House, and at
the proper time 1.shall move some amend-
ments to this bill which I think will protect
that great interest. I do not wish gentlemen
to suppose for a moment that we consider the
duty of twenty cents per bushel upon wheat,
and twenty per cent, ad valorem duty upon
live animals is in any degree a protection to the
farming interests of the country. It will, 110
doubt, have some cft'ect upon the prices. But
the truth is, we produce in the great western
States of this country, the States of Iowa, Wis-
consin, and Illinois, a sufficient amount of live
animals, and of wheal, corn, and barley, and
that class of products, to make entirely value-
less for protection the small duty upon those
great .staples. These three States, as appears
from the agricultural statistics of 1H(>4, pro-
duced one fourth of all the live stock, one
third of all the wheat, and one half of the
corn produced in tho United States during that
year. Besides, we send to tho Provinces more
wheat than we import from the Provinces; we
send them each year a large amount of corn
anil receive little or none from them.
What is twenty per cent, ml valorem upon
live animals to the great producing States J
have named? Or what is twenty cents per
bushel 1)11 wheal, and ten edits upon corn? It
costs us more than that sum to transport our
wheat, and our corn from the Mississippi to Buf-
falo and tho lake waters. Such a duty would
all'oi'd us hut very little protection, il' there was
great competition in the production of these
articles. Anil *0 tar at I understand this bill,
it is not. fi:lined especially upon the principle
of protection, if is designed, at least, in a cer-
tain degree, to maintain and continue thecoui-
meico which has grown up within the last few
years between this country and the liritish
Provinces. But while we do this we must, so
regulate the duties as to protect every branch
of industry ; and in this 1 would include espe-
cially the great, interest so ably represented by
my colleague [Mr. Urixnki.i.J—the wool in-
terest of this country. Wo must protect other
great productions of this country as well as our
manulaetui'es; but at the same time wo must
see to it that the revenues from this source be
increased , and we cannot, accomplish that ex-
cept, by the adoption of some measure which
will l>c just to this country and will not en-
tirely cul off the trade which lias existed be-
tween us and tho liritish American Provinces.
Now, sir, this bill contains provisions which
ceriainly commend themselves in some degree
to the farming interests of the West. I refer to
those pnn i.-ious designed to keep open those
great channels of communication upon which
wo rely for the transportation of our produce
from the Wist to the East; but I tell gentle-
men 011 this floor that we are not satisfied with
the provisions of this bill in this respect. 1
cannot but remember that at, the last session,
when the question of a Niagara ship-canal was
before this House, a large number of gentle-
men representing certain interests of this coun-
try voted against that measure—a measure ab-
solutely essential to the transportation of our
western pioduee to the East. [ will take this
occasion to f-ay u> the committee that we mast
have increased facilities for the transportation
of our groat products. If we do not obtain
guch facilities the productive industries of New
England and all the great central States must
not expect us to join in giving them that pro-
tection which they have enjoyed the last few
years. Legislation on these questions must
be mutual and reciprocal. If they would con-
tinue to produce for us the great manufactured
products which we have been accustomed to
obtain from them, they must give us the facili-
ties for reaching their mills and their factories
with the great staples of the western States.
This can only be done by the enlargement of
our great natural channels and by new modes
of water communication.
The Welland canal is of value to us; but its
value is small compared with the increasing
interests and increasing products of the West.
The Canadian railroads are of value to us be-
cause they do to some extent create a compe-
tition with the great east and west line from
Chicago to the sea-board. The inevitable laws
of trade and of self-interest will keep these
avenues open despite reciprocal legislation or
hostile enactments. But they are not adequate.
Wo should have a canal within our own borders,
connecting the great Lakes Erie and Ontario,
of sufficient capacity to pass our large lake ves-
sels. We must also improve at tho national
expense the great Mississippi river, of which I
shall say more hereafter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I hardly know
whether to avail myself of the privilege so gen-
erously granted me of speaking for five or ten
minutes on this question. Five or ten minutes
is a very short time in which to attempt the dis-
cussion of a great, question like this—a question
which has agitated tho country for more than
thirty years; for I beg gentlemen to bear in
mind that this is not simply a tariff bill; it is
something more ; it is, as the gentleman from
Illinois has said, a reenactmcnt of the reci-
procity treaty; but it reenacts it in such a way
that, we shall realize all tho advantages which
we enjoyed under that treaty, while we shall
give 111 return a very small equivalent.
'The treaty of ISIS was intended to settle the
northeastern boundary of tho country—the
boundary line between the State of Maine and
the Province of New Brunswick—and also to
dcline the rights of the United States with re-
gard to tin* fisheries on the coast of Newfound-
land. Within two or throe years after the
ratification of that treaty, the question of the
boundary between Maine and New Brunswick
was brought into dispute, and from that time
until 1838 or 18;!!) there was constant trouble
growing out of the question of that disputed
boundary. The dispute finally gave rise to
what, was known as the Aroostook war, in
which the State of Maine attempted to protect
her territory from invasion and occupation by
an armed force. 'The United States interfered
111 the matter, and Maine was obliged to with-
draw. The result was the treaty of Washing-
ton of 1842, by which that boundary line was
settled, Maine losing live thousand square
miles of her territory. By that treaty the
rights and interests of the State of Maine and
the honor of the nation were sacrificed.
About the same time, in the year 1823, this
question of the fisheries, which was attempted
to be settled by treaty in 1818, gave rise to an-
other misunderstanding; and from that time
until the reciprocity treaty was made there was
constant trouble with Great Britain 011 this
question of the fisheries. Our fishermen were
driven off or seized, and wo were 011 the verge
of war with that country. It was to avoid these
constant troubles about, the fisheries this reci-
procity treaty was negotiated. The right to fish
and cure our fish on the coast of Newfound-
land was granted to us. It was so well defined
at that time that it has never been called into
question since. The right was also granted to
navigate the St. Lawrence and the Canadian
canals.
I will say further——
The CHAIRMAN. The time for general
debate, by order of the House, has now ter-
minated.
Mr, MORRILL. I have seyeral verbal amend-
ments to offer from the Committee of Ways and
Means. I move, first, the following:
Second section, page 2, line four, after the word
"section," insert" subject to the provision of section
nine," so it will read: ,
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid, on the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, and embraced in this section, subject to the
provision of section nine, the following duties and
rates of duty, that is to sa,y, &c.
Mr. BLAINJ3. I do not consider that a mere
pro forma amendment, and I hope the gentle-
man will withhold it for the present.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw it. I now move
the following:
Linethirteen,pnge2, after the word" round, "insert
the word "split," so it will read:
On lumber, pine, ash, butternut, bass-wood, birch,
elm, maple, and white-wood, round, split, or sided,
three fourths of one cent per cubic foot.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the following
amendment:
Page 4, lines forty-two and forty-three, after the
word "clapboards," insert the words" four feet long,"
so it will read:
On pine clapboards four feet long, $4 per thousand;
On spruce clapboards four feet long, $2 50 por
thousand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That clapboards of greater length,
whether of pine or spruce, shall pay a proportion-
ate increase of duty." *
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend as fol-
lows :
Lino thirteen, second section, after the word "bar-
ley," insert the words "not including pearl or hulled,"
so it will read :
Barley, not including pearl or hulled, ten cents per
bushel.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the following
amendment:
Line fourtoen, after the word " except," insert
"Tonqua," so it will read:
Beans, (except Tonqua, vanilla, and castor 01U
twenty-live cents per bushel.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the following:
After lino nineteen, page 2, insert: "Fish oil of
all sorts, twenty per cent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the following:
Page5, afterthoword "hides, "in the twenty-fourth
line, insert "raw, salted,or pickled," so it will read:
Hides, raw, salted, or Xiickleit, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, in line twenty-
seven, after the word "ores," to strike out
"ten" and insert "of copper, five," so it will
read:
Ores, of copper, five per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move page 8, section
nine, line seven, afterthoword "privileges,"
to insert " and conditions," so it will read:
Sec. 0. And be it further macted. That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to terminate or suspend
the provisions of the act, or any section or sections
thereof, and as to the whole or part of the British
North American colonies, by giving public notice of
such termination or suspension, when ever in his opin-
ion it may appear just and proper, or whenever tho
following privileges and conditions or any of them
shall not be accorded and secured to the citizens aud
inhabitants of the United States, namely, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, on page 8, line
sixteen, after tho word "second" to insert the
following:
The right to ship tn the United States from the Prov-
ince of New Brunswick, without any export or other
duty, agricultural products of or any lumber or tim-
ber cut on that portion of the American territory in
the State of Maine watered by the river St. John and
its tributaries after tho samo shall have been floated
down that river to the sea.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 9,1 move to strike
out from line twenty-two to line" twenty-five, as
follows:
8. Freedom from exposure to illioit trade and smug-
