2258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
as I have been told by its proprietors, is only
•awaiting transportation facilities to follow the
example. At least two of those in Ohio pro-
cure their ores from the same source. Every
dollar's worth of ore raised from the mines of
Michigan, Missouri, or Tennessee, is a dollar
created, and eighty or ninety per cent, of every
dollar thus created is distributed to those who
delve in the mines, or work in the mills, and
through them to the farmers who feed them, and
the mechanics or laborers in a hundred other
branches of industry who contribute to their
necessities or comforts. Every dollar so cre-
ated, and its multiples resulting from the labor
of perfecting the raw material, is an addition
to the wealth of the nation. Buy yous iron
from abroad, and you not only lose that profit
which would otherwise have been produced,
but every dollar you pay, save only the small
percentage of tariff and the agent's commis-
sion, is carried off to be expended in a foreign
land.
What has been said of railroad iron applies
with equal force to all kinds of iron manufac-
ture, whether cast, rolled, or hammered ; and
especially to those finer kinds upon which the
greatest amount of labor is expended, and
which, by reason of the comparative cheap-
ness of European labor, the foreign maker has,
at all times and under all rates of duties, been
able to send to American markets. And the
principle which I wish to enforce is- not con-
fined to iron, but to American manufactures
in all their branches, every one of which is enti-
tled to as much care from the Government as
is required for its safe, steady, and successful
development.
BENEFITS OP PROTECTION.
The benefits which flow from protection are
not confined to Pennsylvania, and will be as
wide-spread as our boundaries. Iron and coal
are found in great abundance in many of the
western States, and already a large quantity
of iron is manufactured in West Virginia, Ohio,
Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, and other States; and the d^y is not dis-
tant, when the fertile Northwest, so productive
of the cereals, will become the great manufac-
turing center of the Union. The earlier settle-
ment of Pennsylvania, and the local advantages
she enjoyed, have given her a start which, I
hof>e, will enable herto maintain a healthy com-
petition there many years for the trade of the
West and South; but as population increases
and the wants of the country are developed
capital will seek promising locations and find
new mines of ore and coal in the search for
the minimum cost of. production. Michigan
ore will theubo turned into bars, rods, and
nails on Michigan soil, and the prairies of the
. West will be dotted with the chimney stacks
of furnaces and forges, and ling with the cheer-
ful sound of many-handed labor. The same
causes will secure for the West a division of the
manufacture of textile fabrics, which are now
nearly monopolized by the eastern States, and
the blessings of diversified production will thus
be gradually extended over every portion of the
country, until, with enlarged capital econom-
ically employed, improved machinery, dimin-
ished risks and costs of transportation, the
minimum cost of production will be reached,
and the nation be secure in its commercial
supremacy.
This is within our grasp, and it is for the
legislators of this day to say whether we shall
reach this position and enjoy the advantages
to be reaped from it, or whether we are to con-
tinue to play a part subordinate to a people to
whom there is no reason why we should pay
tribute; who are the enemies of our institutions
and the scoffers at our principles ; who were
our enemies in the day of our weakness, and
are our inferiors in every element of greatness
except in the aggregation of capital which has
enabled them to crush feebler nations, which
has enabled them at times to corrupt the legis-
lation of stronger, and before whom I insist it
is our duty to maintain a determined and inflex-
ible front.
THE STEEL QUESTION.
The history of the manufacture of steel in
this country is of itself an argument. It is but
a few years since it was commenced here. In
1864 there were thirty-seven establishments,
of which fourteen were in Pennsylvania, nine
in New York, five in Massachusetts, five in
New Jersey, two in Connecticut, one in Mich-
igan, and one in Illinois. The manufacture is
one of great value, as its products cover the
whole range of mechanics' tools and agricul-
tural implements, as well as the implements
of war. Its manufacture requires the highest
class of skilled labor, and the pioneers in the
experiment were obliged to pay large wages and
even bounties to tempt skilled European work-
men to incur the expense of coming here, and to
pay them during the time thus occupied, each
of which items was an addition to the disad-
vantages under which the attempt was made,
although experience has proved that we have
in this country, and especially in Essex county,
New York, ore from which steel is manufac-
tured of a quality equal to the best foreign-
made article.
The tariff dutieshave been less favorable than
was required. Prior to the passage of the Mor-
rill tariff of 1861, the duty was only twelve per
cent., less than half the amount then charged
on iron. In that act it has been abontdoubled,
but it is graded according to appraised value.
That valued at seven cents per pound or less
pays two and a quarter cents perpound; valued
at seven and not over eleven cents per pound,
three cents per pound ; valued at over eleven
cents per pound, three and a half cents per
pound and ten per cent, ad valorem.
During the year 1864, of the importations of
steel at the port of Philadelphia, 2,071,060
pounds were valued at less than seven cents;
1,093,507 pounds were valued at over seven
and less than eleven cents; and 22,084 pounds
were valued at over eleven cents.
During the year ending June 30, 1864, at
New York, 14,308,828 pounds were imported
valued at less than seven cents; 11,057,947
pounds valued at over seven and less than eleven
cents; and 2,098,093 pounds over eleven cents.
During the same period the internal revenue
assessor of the twenty-second district, Pennsyl-
vania, which I represent, collected this excise
tax from manufactures of steel:
Tux.
On steel valued at 7 cents or less.   none.
On steel valued at over 7 and not over 11 cents,
018,147 pounds $3,693 22
On steel valued at over 11 ccnts, 10,614,313.... 70,903 80
$74,597 02
These figures show:
1. That the American manufacturer pays
excise tax upon the full market value.
2. The foreign manufacturer pays on a for-
eign valuation, imports to his own agent on
invoices which are not sale prices, and as a
matter of fact manages to get one half of the
entire importation of steel through the custom-
house at the lowest rate of duty, and the result
is, the amount of excise tax paid by the home
manufacturer is about equal to the entire duty
paid on the imported article, as appears from
this detailed statement of the steel manufactu-
rers :
" The following is intended to show the revenue of
Government upon oaeh ton of rolled or hammered
cast steel made in the United States, under the law
as it now stands, namely:
Excise per tononrolledor hammered steel $15 00
" " " of blooms used in making steel.. 3 60
" " bar iron " " " " .. 3 CO
" on cost of crucibles consumed " .. 3 00
" " 10 tons coal  60
" " east iron molds, castings for repairs,
fire brick, oil, &c., used in making
onctonofsteelis  60
The cost of stamps on letters, cheeks, bills lad-
ing. &e    00
The indirect tax on labor on same basis as
that estimated by D. J. Morrell, Esq., at the
Cambria Iron-Works, on average value of
east steel, six per cent., inclusive of income
tax  23 00
$50 00 _
"From which it appears that the direct and indi-
rect tax paid by the American manufacturer upon I
every pound of cast steel produced by him, amounts
to two and a half cents.
"Now, for the sake of comparison, take the official
returns of steel imported into New York. Philadel-
phia, and Baltimore, giving the quantity under each
of the several classifications, and it will be seen that
the whole quantity of imported steel amounted to
31,296,043 pounds, which at the present rate of duty
will amount to 8870,030 38, or two and seventy-eight
hundredths cents per pound duty, being about one
fourth of a cent per pound more duty, than the
American manufacturer pays in the shape of excise
on his production."
As a consequence the steel trade of America
is in great peril, and unless aided by friendly
legislation it must perish under the double com-
petition of powerful British corporations or
combined capital employing low-priced labor,
and of fraudulent evasions of our custom-house
duties. The Committee of Ways and Means
propose to exempt this manufacture from all
directinternal tax; theindirecttax will of course
remain. This is a step in the right direction,
and will to a considerable extent afford relief;
but this important branch will require an in-
crease of duty upon the foreign article to enable
it to withstand the effort now being made to
crush it out, and to recover the entire trade to
the foreign manufacturer.
It is certain that this new and important man-
ufactufe is entitled by sympathy, by interest,
and in justice, to positive and sufficient pro-
tection.
THE GLASS INTEREST.
Like steel; the glass interest is an important
one in my district, and what is true of all other
branches of manufacture is true of it. The cost
of production has more than doubled since
1860. I take these figures from one of the
heaviest flint-glass manufacturers in the Uni-
ted States:
Cost in 1860.
Lead 289,277 ibs, 5* cts....$16,271 83
Ashes 214,930 lbs, 5* cts.... 11,821 15
Niter 33,5l4Ibs, 9 cts.... 3.016 26
Fuel 144,000 bu., 4} cts.... 6,840 00
Boards 342,263 ft., $9 50...... 3,251 50
Labor 33,711 70
Total .$74,912 44
Cont in 1865.
Lead 289,277 lbs, 12 cts 834,713 2t
Ashes 214.930 lbs, 12 cts  25,791 B0
Niter 33,514 lbs, 15 cts  5,027 11)
Fuel 144,000 bu., 12 ots  17,230 00
Boards 342,263 ft., $25  8,556 58
Labor  67,422 14
Total $158,790 06
This is exclusive of the internal revenue tax,
which nearly equals the tariff on the imported
article. These figures show the circumstances
under which existing competition is main-
tained.
Respecting soda ash, included in the above
table, it may be well to state that it was exten-
sively manufactured in 1852, 1853, and 1854
in this country, and was sold as low as $2 60
per hundred pounds. It supplied in a great
measure the American market, and drove out
the foreign article. The foreign makers then
combined, put down the price in this market to
so low a figure as to break down the American
manufacture, and at this moment none is made
in this country. The price has been raised to
four and a half to five cents per pound in
gold in England, and it costs the American
manufacturer, in many instances, twelve cents
per pound in currency delivered at the factory.
The result of the failure properly to protect it
is, that the American maker has been broken
down and the cost of the article has been more
than doubled to the glass manufacturer who
requires it in his business, thereby necessarily
increasing the cost of glass to all consumers.
During the war, the premium on gold acted
as an increase of duty, but as the premium has
declined, of course that temporary advantage
has declined with it, and will shortly pass away
entirely.
As a consequence it is not surprising that
the imports are rapidly increasing. For some
weeks past they have averaged about eight
million dollars per week; and last week they
exceeded twelve millions. The exports are
about half the former sum. This is a state of
