4178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26|
The argument that we have placed $160,000
at the disposal of the Secretary of the Treasury
for the purpose of increasing salaries does not
apply. That is not for a general increase of sala-
ries, it is for the purpose of avoiding the increase
of salaries, and I put it on that ground in the
Senate, There are certain clerks to whom you
must pay more to keep them; there is also a
necessity for temporary clerks to be employed
there ; and it was with reference to those cases
that that amount of money is placed at the dis-
posal of the Secretary, not to raise salaries gen-
erally but to avoid the necessity of it, and thus
save money; and so it will prove in all the
other Departments. And yet here is a propo-
sition to put on this twenty per cent., beginning
with the State Department, not called for, not
asked for by the head of that Department, be-
cause the clerks apply to a committee of this
body, and thus we begin a system which must
necessarily be carried through. I have had
occasion to remark before that in my judgment
on the main question we are getting into the
habit of dealing with a very lavish hand, care-
lessly, with regard to the public money—very
much so in the other House, in my judgment,
and not less so in this. Times have changed,
and we have changed with them. Before the
war we used to hesitate about appropriations,
examine something about them; gentlemen
considered themselves the guardians of the pub-
lic Treasury and were averse to making appro-
priations. Now the "ace seems to be who shall
be foremost in making appropriations, out of
the public Treasury, who shall cy liibit the great-
est zeal to take money out of the Treasury at
this time to put. into the hands of somebody,
and now absolutely in this case we go hunting
up persons to whom to give the public money.
I think that is worth being considered.
But, sir, what 1 have principally to deal with
is the fact that in this kind of legislation upon
these bills we are following an exceedingly
bad precedent. The Senate is getting out of
its usual strictness on that subject, and we are
running into verv dangerous territory indeed in
the way of legislation. 1 have no unwilling-
ness to have these Departments reorganized.
I shall be glad to aid in doing it; [ think they
need it: but let it be done systematically; let
it be done for some good reason, and let us
not, to avoid the trouble incident to that, just
take the whole in a sweeping clause and ap-
ply it-
Sir. if we have done wrong in increasing by
a vote of the Senate, so far as that could do it,
our own pay and that of our own employe's, it
is no reason why we should do wrong in an-
other direction. The Senator says, having
begun we must go on. We had better retrace
u«r steps it' they tire in a wrong direction. The
doctrine that we must go on in wrong, if wrong,
because we have begun, is not exactly to my
mind a legislative idea. It is to be presumed
whatever we have done we have done for good
reasons, satisfactory to ourselves as applied to
the individual case or cases; and it by no means
follows that because wc are satisfied of it in one
case we must do it in all others. I think the
experience the Senate had in the civil or mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill for the last three
days, when we went staggering, and I had al-
most said blundering, on in it, and came to a
point almost where it seemed to be impossible
to pass the bill, would bo enough to warn us
nor, to attempt to follow in the same course
with regard to another bill at this period of the
session, and really—1 use the language of my
friend, though I cannot, use it so pathetically
as ho did—1 do appeal to the Senate to keep
the bill clear from amendments of this descrip-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is one
general remark that 1 would make in reply to
what has fallen from ihe Senator from Maine.
He complains of the disposition which is now so
prevalent to increase the compensation of pub-
lic servants. Sir, we cannot forget that we are
at this moment in whatlniaycallatmnsition pe-
riod, passing from the old time to the new time,
frojw the old system to the new system, and the
incident of that transition period is a change
in prices and the consequent necessity of an
increased compensation for public servants.
Sir, you will not do your duty as legislators if
you do not take into consideration that condi-
tion of things and its essential incidents. When
the Senator from Maine reminds us of the pres-
ent disposition to make these appropriations
he must not forget that that disposition arises
from the nature of things. We are in a period
of transition; we must not be insensible to it;
we must accommodate ourselves to it. That
is the first remark I have to make in reply to
the Senator from Maine.
But the Senator goes further and says that
if we make an appropriation for the employes
in the State Department, we must make
it for the employes in other Departments of
the Government. Sir, that does not follow.
It may be so, 1 admit,, but it does not follow
necessarily. It may be that the need of these
appropriations is greater in one Department
than in another. But, sir, admit, that we must
follow this example and make these appropri-
ations in other Departments, is that any an-
swer to the case that I present? Not at all,
sir. Let us go forward and consider the case
of each Department on its own merits, and if
on these merits we must make this appropria-
tion let us make it twenty per cent. The Sen-
ator from Maine gives us his testimony with
regard to one Department with which he has
been so honorably associated. I refer to the
Treasury Department. lie says that he knows
that the clerks in that Department as a body
do not deserve this addition. Very well, sir ;
then it must not be made. T accept his testi-
mony on that case, but there is no such testi-
mony on the ease which I now have the honor
of presenting.
And that biings me to another point made
by the Senator from Maine. He says that this
appropriation is not recommended by the head
of the Department. Sir, let me state how this
appropriation is recommended. It comes bo-
fore the Senate first on the petition of the clerks
themselves. The petition was duly presented
many months ago ; it was referred to the ap-
propriate committee; the committee took it
into most careful consideration, not once or
twice but several times, and finally directed the
report which 1 have made, and which is now
under consideration in the amendment moved.
They have directed me to press that. This
case, therefore, is presented to the Senate by
one of the committees of this body.
What more, sir, do you need? The Senator
from Maine says that it is not urged or recom-
mended by the head of the Department, it is
recommended by a committee of this body,
having that subject specially in charge. But
the Senator is entirely mistaken when he says
that it is not recommended by the head of the
Department. The head of the Department, it
is true, has not in a formal letter recommended
it to the Senate. Ho felt a motive of delicacy
on the subject, and declined thus directly to
interfere, but he has, in a letter addressed to the
committee, expressed a strong desire that this
appropriation should be made. Sir, I have not
introduced this testimony before in this argu-
ment, and I do it now only in direct reply to
the Senator from Maine, who virtually chal-
lenged it by saying in advance, or complaining
in advance, that no such recommendation has
been made.
I belive that I have now answered point by
point all that the Senator from Maine has said.
There is one other circumstance connected
with this case to which I call attention. The
number of employds or clerks in the other De-
partments, especially in the Treasury and the
Interior, is very great. When you undertake
to deal with their case you have a very large
question, but the number employedin the State
Department is comparatively limited. I have
in my hands now a list of all those employes.
From this list it appears that there arc dis-
tributed annually among the twenty-live per-
manent clerks in the State Department for sal-
aries, $41,000. lou have there twenty-five
permanent clerks of the State Department,
among whom are distributed $41,000 ; and it
is now proposed to add to that sum total twenty
per cent. Sir, the appropriation is small. I
think it hardly justifies the protracted debate
which it has had now running over portions of
three different days. The Senator inquired
this afternoon in debate not only as to the
number of these clerks but what they received.
I had not at the time a memorandum of what
they received, but I have received it since. I
have already given the sum total received by
the twenty-five permanent clerks, $41,000. Of
this sum the chief clerk receives $2,200; the
disbursing clerk, $2,000; the superintendent
of statistics, $2,000 ; then there are eight clerks
of the fourth class at $1,800 each, making
$14,400 which that class receives ; then there
are nine clerks of the third class at $1,600
each, receiving a sum total of $14,400; then
there are three clerks of the second class at
$1,400 each, making a sum total in that class
of $4,200 ; then there are three clerks of the
first class at $1,200 each, making a sum total
in that class of $3,000 ; the whole being a sum
total of 841,000 distributed among twenty-five
permanent clerks. There is then an Immi-
gration Bureau with one clerk of the fourth
class at $1,800, and one of the first at $1,200,
making a total sum in that bureau of $3,000.
There are also temporary clerks, about eight,
who receive four dollars a day when they work
fall days, and proportionately for parts of days.
And lastly, there are a few, say three or four,
temporary clerks who copy for the compensa-
tion of ten cents a folio of one hundred words.
Among these public servants there are many
who have given their life to the service. At
the head of the list is William Hunter, chief
clerk, who has served in that Department
thirty-six years.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator how
much ho gets uuder the present law.
Mr. SUMNER. Twenty-two hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the law has been
changed.
Mr. SUMNER. He gets $2,200.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thirty-five hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The change was made
at this session.
Mr. SUMNER. That has not yet gone into
operation. The Senator will remember that
we created a new office of Second Assistant
Secretary of State which it was expected that
he would fill.
Among these is Robert S. Chew, who has
been in the service thirty-two years William
Hogan, who has been in the service.el even
years; R. S. Chilton, who has been in the ser-
vice fourteen years; H.D. J.Pratt,who has been
in the service fifteen years; Thomas C. Cox,
who has been in the service eleven jears; John
F. Polk, who has been in the service eighteen
years. However, sir, I will not follow out this
narrative. I merely call attention to the length
of service of these gentlemen as furnishing evi-
dence of their fidelity to the Government, by
the extent by which, if I may say so, they have
embodied themselves and their lives in the
public service so that they have been so com-
pletely identified with it that they cannot easily
pass from it into any other career of life. There
they are, sir. You have had not only the flower
of their years but. almost the fruit of their ex-
istence on earth ; and it seems to me that such
public servants before they die do deserve a
certain consideration from the Government
which they have so faithfully served.
As I stated this morning, if we had bureaus
in the State Department; if that Department
was organized as the Treasury Department is
organized, so as to furnish a place at $0,000 a
year or $3,000 or $1,000 a year for the head of
a bureau, these valued public servants would
find perhaps a certain reward for their services;
but there are no such bureaus in the State De-
partment. All there are on a certain equality,
a certain dead level; they range as clerks and
nothing else, and they have only the pay of
