3218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
concern no other nation. Other Powers might
aid Maximilian without being responsible to
any but the republic of Mexico. We or others
might aid the republic, being responsible only
to the usurping empire.
Without being aggressive, it is the duty of
this nation to make its moral power felt among
nations. Diplomatic essays, however smoothly
written, which yield everything and command
nothing, add little to the force of a nation,
but rather invite insult and scorn. Why do
we allow our avowed principles to be disre-
garded by any Power ? It needs only the fiat
of this great Republic to decide the fate of the
intrusive empire of Maximilian. What a blun-
der, what a crime, to be content with a prom-
ise to withdraw the invading forces in eighteen
months 1 Before thattime unaided Mexico will
be ground to atoms, and republicanism in that
beautiful portion of our continent will be among
the things that were.
If it is not intended to maintain the Monroe
doctrine with the full energy cjf the nation, it
ought to be abandoned with chgnity as an in-
considerate error. If it be deemed important
to the safety and honor of the country, then
there should be no yielding, no time-serving,
no timid policy. In my judgment, it is a prin-
ciple vital to the safety of this Republic, and
that our honor is concerned to see that it be
not violated. Principles of government, like
diseases, are contagious. The monarchs of
Europe combine to suppress democratic rev-
olutions at any point lest they should spread
and work the final overthrow of absolute gov-
ernment. So ought we to take care that no
despotic Government should touch our borders
lost the leprosy might spread and pollute the
continent. Hence there was wisdom in the
declaration that no foreign nation should es-
tablish a throne on this continent against the
consent of the people. The so-called empire
of Maximilian was a fraud so far as the consent
of the people was conccmed. The republic
has been oppressed by foreign bayonets. The
Mexicans who form any portion of the impe-
rial Government arc traitors who might well
rank with southern secessionists.
Beside being a monarchy, the empire is a
barbarian Government. The decree by which
all true men found lighting (or their country
are to be instantly executed—and which is fully
carried into elfeet— stamps the Government as
savage, barbarian, and outside the pale of civil-
ization. It is worse than the ancient Govern-
ments of Tripoli and Tunis and Algiers, which
the civilized world held to be nests of pirates
and enemies to the human race.
As, then, such loan could not be just cause of
war with any foreign nation, is it expedient to
grant it'^ It is very clear that without such
foreign aid republicanism in Mexico must be
crushed out and a monarchy established. Jua-
rez has persevered with a courage and fortitude
unparalleled in modern history. [ know noth-
ing to compare with it but the unyielding endur-
ance and faith of William of Orange. But in
the midst of a horde of traitors, sustained by
one of the most powerful nations of Europe, the
resources ol that distracted country must be-
come exhausted. I believe now, while the
President could command men enough, his
materials of war are well-nigh expended. Un-
less a foreign loan can be procured, I do not see
how any resectable army can be kept on foot
Twenty million dollars could easily be advanced
by us on the mortgage of Lower California,
Sonora, Sinaloa, or Chihuahua, which would
make it perfectly safe.
If it should provoke a war with Maximilian
I suppose no one would be much alarmed ; it
would give the great Republic an opportunity
to vindicate her honor, which has become dim
under the Mieawber policy of our Foreign Sec-
retary. By vindicating tliat honor we should
increase and consolidate the strength of the
nation.
I trust our able Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs will soon take some decisive step in this
matter.
Mr. DAVIS resumed the floor, and -made
some remarks upon the protection of Ameri-
can industry; which will be found in the Ap-
pendix.
POWERS 0! CONGBESS.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, under the par-
liamentary discipline which prevails in this
House, it is impossible very often for members
to get permission to discuss measures of the
gravest importance, upon which, nevertheless,
without discussion they are compelled to vote.
This fact, however, does not relieve us from
the solemn duty of giving full and careful con-
sideration to all such measures. We may then
simply announce our conclusions by our votes,
or we may present our reasons therefor on
some occasion like that accorded to mo this
day. On most matters of current business
my judgment would be satisfied by the former
course, but on subjects of such extraordinary
importance as those to which I shall invite
attention to-day, I prefer the latter.
. There have already passed this House, by the
votes of the dominant party here, three bills
which are wholly without precedent, either in
form or object, in the entire history of congres-
sional legislation. There are ten or more bills
of like character still upon our files which may
at any time be presented for our consideration.
These several bills, viewed together, rest upon
the novel and alarming assumption that Con-
gross possesses the constitutional power to cre-
ate corporations generally, the theater of whose
operations and business shall be some State or
States of the Union, and to confer upon cor-
porations created by State authority such addi-
tional privileges and franchises as Congress
pleases, inconsistent with those conferred by
the State, or to take from such corporations
any privileges and franchises granted to them
by the States; and, in short, carrying the the-
ory of these bills to its logical results, to take
under Federal control our vast and unparal-
leled system and network of telegraphs, rail-
roads, canals, and other chartered highways
which have sprung into such rapid existence
under the fostering care and energies of State
authority, as to constitute the greatest achieve-
ments of this age.
I am sadly conscious that it is not fashion-
able nowadays to question the omnipotence'
of Congress. But as a humble guardian of the
liberties of the people, I gather ample motive
Iroin this fact alone to scrutinize with jealous
care every attempt to overleap the just and pre-
scribed limits upon power. The very apathy
of the people should arouse the greater watch-
fulness in their representatives.
1 shall now proceed to discuss in their order,
briefly, the grave propositions involved in these
bills. If Congress possesses these great pow-
ers, is it unreasonable to suppose that they
should be found in the Constitution, in plain
and unambiguous language?
First, then, I will inquire concerning the
power of Congress to create corporations. No
such power is expressly granted. It is not
claimed by any intelligent public man to have
been so granted. The history of the Constitu-
tion shows that a proposition to confer upon
Congress, by appropriate words, such power,
was rejected by a very large majority in the
Constitutional Convention. {See Elliot's De-
bates, vol. o, page 543.)
Alexander Hamilton in his great argument,
in 1701, on the right of Congress to charter the
United States Bank, conceded the entire ab-
sence of any express or substantive grant of
such power in the Constitution, but he claimed
that the right existed as an incident to other
powers which were expressly granted, and that
it could only be rightfully exercised in those
cases in which such a corporation was a ne-
cessary and proper means or instrument for
the execution of such expressly granted power.
As Congress was expressly empowered to levy
and collect large revenues and borrow money
for the uses of the Government, he insisted
that it might create a great financial corpora-
tion as a necessary and proper instrument to
aid in the administration of its finances.
In the great case of McCulloch vs. The State
of Maryland, (4 Wheaton, p. 411,) which in-
volved the question of the validity of the char-
ter of that bank, Chief Justice Marshall, in 1819,
speaking of the alleged power of Congress to
create corporations, said:
" The power of creating a corporation is never used
for its own suke, but for the purpose of effecting
something else. No sufficient reason is therefore per-
eeived why it may not pass as incidental to those
powers which are expressly given ifitbe a direct mods
of executing them."
In 1824 the same great jurist in the case of
Osborn vs. United States Bank, (9 Wheaton,
p. 8(50,) speaking of the alleged power of Con-
gress to create corporations generally, said :
" It has never been supposed that Congress could
create such corpora tions. The whole opinion of the
court in the case of McCulloch®#. The State of Mary-
land is founded on and sustained by the idea that
the bank is an instrument which is necessary and
proper for carrying into effect the powers vested in
the Government of the United States."
In perfcct harmony with these judicial decis-
ions are the opinions of every other enlightened
jurist or statesman iti our country's history,
except many of the early fathers, who earnestly
insisted that these interpretations gave too
much power to the Federal Government and
exceeded the limits of safety and of sound con-
struction. In my judgment, they go to the
verge of reasonable and just construction, and
ought never to be extended further. I af-
firm, therefore, that Congress has no power to
create any corporations, except such only as
are necessary and proper, or constitute a di-
rect mode for the execution of some expressly
granted power. Such cases are fortunately very
few. The domain of congressional power does
not extend to or require the creation of pri-
vate corporations or monopolies to be con-
trolled by the Federal Government and de-
stroy the vitality of the States.
Then, Mr. Speaker, where does Congress
get the right to enter a State, and tamper
with her corporations, and entice them by the
promise of privileges and franchises denied
them by the State, or drive them by the threat
of a diminution of those privileges and fran-
chises, to desert their allegiance and obliga-
tions to the State, and seek protection under
the ampler wing of the Federal Government?
They get it nowhere. It is a myth. It is an
assumption, a usurpation. It has no founda-
tion in the Constitution, in authority, or reason.
If Congress can empower a railroad company
chartered by Indiana to extend its road beyond
its lawful terminus to the boundary of the State
of Ohio, and thence across that State to the
boundary of Pennsylvania, and thence to the
city of Philadelphia, or the city of Washington,
or elsewhere, contrary to the provisions of
its State charter, and without the consent or
authority of the States whose territory is to be
invaded by it, then it would be hard indeed to
imagine what Congress cannot do. Yet the
party that dictates the policy of this House, by
two or three bills which they have already
passed, and several others still pending, assert
the rightto exercise these extraordinary pow-
ers. I will cite enough of these bills to indicate
their general character. The first section of
House bill 537, which passed this House on
the 31st of May last, reads as follows:
" That the Cleveland andMahonin? P„ailroad Com-
pany, a corpoiation created by the State of Ohio and
exiijtinsr as aforesaid, bo, and the same is hereby,
j authorized and empowered to continue the line of
J its railroad, and the location and construction
thereof, from the village of Younsrstown, in the
county of Mahoning and State of Ohio, (to which
P™?t its railroad has been constructed from the city
oi Cleveland,) to the west lineot the State of Penn-
sylvania, at the county of Lawrence, in said State,
and thence to cross said line into said State, and
tiienee to the city of Pittsburg, or near thereto, by
the most advantageous, economical, and practicable
route, and at or near said city to connect with any
other railroads extending therefrom; and to have
mid continue the same corporate power and author-
ity, ncrhts, and privileges granted to said company
by said State."
The second section provides—
"That said company shall havenower and authority
to enter upon any lands, roads, or places, for thepur-
