284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Voorb.ee:', Ward, Warner, Wentwortli, Whaley, and
Wright—32.
So the resolution wass laid upon the table,
mileage of members os congress.
Mr. ANCONA submitted tlie following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Sesoh^d, That the Committee on Mileage be, and
Iheyare hereby, directed to bring in a bill at an early
day fixing the rate of mileage, so as to equalize the
compensation of Senators and Representatives in
Congress.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to ihe resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. ANCONA asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the resolution on the ta-
ble ; and also demanded tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays wore not ordered.
The question was upon laying the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I would ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. AnconaJ to
modify his resolution, so as to make it one of
inquiry, and not mandatory upon the commit-
tee.
_ Mr. BENJAMIN. _ I would have no objec-
tion to a resolution ofinquiry, but I am opposed
to this resolution in its present form. ®"
Mr. ANCONA. I would prefer not to mod-
ify the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is. not usual to
instruct a committee peremptorily in relation
to such matters.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not now in order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Would it
be in- order for me to ask my colleague [Mr.
Ancona] to amend his resolution so as to in-
struct the committee to report the amounts of
mileage now paid to members respectively?
The SPEAKER. The. main question has
been ordered, and there is a motion ponding to
lay the resolution on the table. Debate, there-
fore, is not now in order.
The question was taken on laying the resolu-
tion upon the table; and upon a division there
were—ayes 34, noes 7-1.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states christian commission.
Mr. KELLEY submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, Tha{ the use of the Hall of the House be
granted to the Cnited States Christian Commission,
on the evening: of Sunday, the 11th of February, for
the purpose of holding its anniversary meeting.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered, which was upon
agreeing to the resolution.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 8-1, noes 32.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 88, not vot-
ing 27; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Jawe.-, M.Ashley, Baker,Banks,Barker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Benjamin. Bidwcli, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell,
Bromwell, BroompJl, Buckland, Bundv, Header W.
Clarke.Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,Cook, Barling,
Davis,Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Iteming, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eokley, Eggieston, Fa.rqnhar, Ferry,
Garfield, Grmnell, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding,
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Asahel W.
Hubbard ChesterD.Hubbard, DemasHubbard, John
H. Hubbard. James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, James
Humphrey, lngersoll, Jcnekes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso,
Keteham, Latham, "William Lawrence, Loan, Long-
year, Lyneh, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, MeCuIlough,
McKee, Me re ur. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Lwen ol.vm, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Pnmeroy Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
William II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.Rice,
John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield,
Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Stillwell, Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward,
William Ji. Washburn, Welker, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, YY'iu.'jeld, and
W oodbridge—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley, Bergen,
Royer, Brandegee, Brooks, Chanler, Dawson, Deni-
son. Eldridge,Farnsworth,Finck,Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Aaron Harding, Hill, Edwin N. Hubbell, James
M. Humphrey, Johnson, Kasson, Kerr, Kuyliendall,
Latham, Le Blond, Marshall. Niblack, Noell. Phelps,
Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse,
Taber, Thornton, Trimble, and Elihu B. Washburne
—38.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Baldwin, Blaine, Cullom,
Culver, Dumont, Eliot,Grider, Harris, Hogan, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, Jones, George B. Lawrence, Mclndoe, Mc-
Ruer, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Rousseau,
Francis Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Voorhees,
Warner, W entworth, Whaley, and Wright—27.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. McCULLOUGH stated that his col-
league, Mr. Harris, was absent from his seat
on account of sickness.
test oath tor attorneys at law.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following res-
olution :
lleiolvcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing the act of 24th January, 1865, relating to the test
oath, as to allow attorneys at law to piactiee their
professions without taking said oath, on an equal foot-
ing with the members of all other professions.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is no objection I
will say one word by way of exjdanation. By
the act to which reference has been made in
the resolution, and which was well enough
during the war, attorneys at law were prohib-
ited from practicing their profession without
taking an oath that they had never been en-
gaged in the rebellion. Members of no other
professions were required to take that oath.
Since the war is over, these attorneys, desiring
to resume the practice of their profession and
to make a living at it, are prohibited from prac-
ticing by that law. 1 can see no objection to
their being put upon an equal footing-with all
other professions. Iience I oft'er this resolu-
tion of inquiry.
The question was taken upon agreeing to the
resolution; and, upon a division, there were—
ayes 78, noes 38.
Mr. SPALDING called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wrcre ordered.
Tlie question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 77, not voting
28 ; as follows:
Y'EAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Bergen,Blow,
Boyer, Brooks. Buckland, Bundy, Chanler, Cobb,
Cook, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Denison, Driggs, Eld-
ridge, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Grider, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner
C. Harding, lligby, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, John H.
Ilubbaul, led v.-in A. ilubbeil. James R Hubbell,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, lngersoll,
Johnson, Kasson, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, George
V.Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall, Marston, Marvin,
MeCuIlough, Mclluor, Miller, Moorhead, Niblack,
Nicholson, Nooll, Orth, Phelps, Piko, Plants, Pome-
roy, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,
Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Sawyer, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Stevens, Stillwell, Strouse, Taber, Taylor,
Thayer. Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, and Wmfield—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Balcer, Banks, Barker, Baxter,Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham. Blaine, Boutwell,
Brandegec, Bromwcll, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Conkling, Dawes, Defrces, Delano, Demmg,
Dixon, Donnelly. Eekley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farns-
worth, G) inn ell, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Holmes,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, Hulburd,
Jenekes, Julian, Ivelley, Kelso,Laflin, William Law-
rence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, McKee,
Mercur, Morrill. Morris, Moulton, O'Neill, Pame,
Perham,WilliamII. Randall, Alexander H.Rice, John
H. Rice, 1! oil i n-, Schenck, Seofield, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Spalding,"Starr, John L.Thomas, Irpson, Van
Aernam, liurt Van Horn, Ward, Eliliu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—77,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Brooraall, Cul-
lom, Culver, Dumont, Garfield, Harris, Hotehkiss,
Chester D Hubbard, Jones, Keteham, Mclndoe, My-
ers, Newell, Patterson, Rousseau, Robert T. Van
Horn, Voorhees, Warner, Wentworth, Whaley, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, and Wright—23.
So the resolution -was agreed to.
inter-state communication.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
(H. 11. No. 13) to facilitate commercial, postal,
and military communication among the several
States, which the House asked to be returned
from the Senate, is on the Speaker's table. I
ask unanimous consent that the vote by which
that bill was passed by the House be reconsid-
ered, and that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. A question has arisen
with reference to the construction of that bill;
and I think that the question ought properly to
be decided by that committee. I trust there
will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the vote by which the bill was passed will be
regarded as reconsidered, and the bill will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the Committee on the Judiciary be authorized
to report on this subject at any time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules that I may make that motion.
The motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
furniture 01' executive mansion.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask
the consent of the House to make a very brief
statement, the result of an actual examination
by a committee, touching a libel published in
a New York paper, upon the late President of
the United States and his widow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. KASSON. On Friday last—I believe
that was the day—a very bitter partisan paper
of New York city published a statement in-
volving tlie charge of larceny, by direct action or
by consent, against both the late President and
the unfortunate lady who was bereaved under
circumstances so well known to the country and
the world, charging in point of fact that public
property, bought and paid for by the United
States, had been by them removed from the
White House for their private advantage. I
wish, at this early stage, before falsehood has
traveled with too great speed over this country
and abroad, to say to the House, and through
the House to the country, that at the time that
charge was made the Committee on Appro-
priations, in considering the propriety of addi-
tional appropriations for refurnishing the White
House, were making an examination touching
the alleged disappearance of property from the
Executive Mansion ; and the result of that in-
vestigation, with the examination of numerous
witnesses, is this: that, with one single excep-
tion, not one solitary articlc ever paid for by the
money of the United States can bo found to
have been removed, by any authority whatever
connected with the occupancy of the White
House, from the possession of the officer in
charge of the mansion.
The only instance which is found which could
possibly furnish a foundation for the charge is
that one article used familiarly in the White
House for some years was stated by the widow
of the late President to have been the object of
his admiration, and, as associated with him, she
asked permission that that might be taken with
her private property from the White House.
Instead of taking it without leave, the matter
was stated to the officer in charge, by him to the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, by him to
the present Secretary of the Interior, who said
that, under the circumstances, he could not be-
lieve that the people of this country or any part
of them would be opposed to her taking from
the mansion that memento associated with the
memory of her late husband. The whole value
of it was perhaps one hundred and fifty dollars.
With that exception, not one single article has
been removed, so far as the committee could
find : and some dozen witnesses living and oc-
cupying at the White House subordinate posi-
tions, and associated with that House have been
examined.
And I wish, sir, to ask at this time that the
Associated Press, that the manhood of the
House, that the magnanimity of the country,
may not only crush the slander, but, if possi-
