1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ble, crush the slanderers who dared to attack
a woman bereaved of her husband, and the
widow of a President martyred for the sake of
his country, aa the President was.
Mr. HIGBY. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man a-question. To what paper does the gen-
tleman refer'?
Mr. KASSON. I learned from the New
York Herald that it was produced in a paper
styled " Ben Wood'spaper," in New York city.
I take that paper to be the New York Daily
News. I have not seen the paper, but I give
the authority on which my statement has been
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say further that the
charge of a large number of boxes which ap-
peared at the White House and were removed
from it, turns out to be that a large number of
them were little boxes in which the lady of the
White House was accustomed to send to officers
of the Army and others of her friends bouquets
of flowers from the White House, which she
had a perfect right to do.
Mr. SPALDING. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Iowa whether the injunction of se-
crecy has been removed from the proceedings
before the committee to which he refers, and
whether he now speaks by authority of that
committee ?
Mr. ICASSON. Mr. Speaker, I have deemed
it to be due, as one member of that committee,
to make the statement to the country that I
now make, in order at least that no credit may
be given to the charge in the absence of all proof,
and when, so far as we have examined, there
is no authority for it at all.
Mr. SPALD ING. Does the gentleman pro-
fess to be the mouth-piece of the committee, or
only to speak for himself?
Mr. KASSON. I speak for myself as a mem-
ber of the committee, and as a man designing
deliberately to defend the reputation of a de-
fenseless woman, associated as she has been
with our martyred President.
Mr. STEVENS. That is all right; but I beg
leave to say that the House will distinctly un-
derstand that what the gentleman has stated is
no decision that this committee of the House
has come to. I do not say what decision that
committee may come to ; but I say simply that
they have come to no conclusion on the sub-
ject.
Mr. KASSON. I think the gentleman will
not state that the result, so far as it has gone,
is not what I have stated it to be.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not mean to say any-
thing about it, because it would be improper.
All I wish to say is that the gentleman is not
the voice of that committee.
Mr. KASSON. Ihave the authority, for what
I have stated, of one person who has partici-
pated in the examination. "
Mr. SPALDIN G demanded the regular order
of business.
suffrage in the district of columbia.
The morning hour having expired, the House,
agreeably to order, resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1) extending the right of
suffrage in the District of Columbia; on which
Mr. Kasson was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 ask the gentleman to
yield to me in regard to the question now be-
fore the House.
Mr. KASSON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, 1 saw a
paragraph, reported in the Globe, of the spe'ech
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rog-
ers,] when giving his views of the effect of this
bill, that I desire may be read to the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" This bill goes further than ever was protended by
any Stale where legislation has been had on the sub-
ject. If that bill passes, it allows thenegroes not only
to have the right to vote, but to become judgesof the
courts, mayors of the city, and to hold the highest
offices within the gift of the tiuaMed voters of the
District. That is its eftect, and it will not be contra-
dicted by any one on the other side. As it lia« been
reported by the Judiciary Committee, it not only al-
lows these negroes to vote, but to hold any office to
which they may be elected. Such a couise would
disgrace and degrade us before the nations of the
earth. Shall this fair temple, which has been reared
by the genius and wisdom of our fathers, bedespoiled,
and the city built in the name of Washington be so
far insulted that a black man shall be mayor of the
city or sit as judgein the capitalof the United States;
that a negro shall presideovcrthorightsandliberties
of white men and women in this District ?"
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, the con-
struction of the gentleman from New Jersey has
led me to examine the bill and to see what was
its effect. It has gone to the country that this
is not only a bill extending the right of suffrage
to the negro, but that it also renders him eligi-
ble to any of the offices within the gift of the
people of this District. I say, sir, that I have
examined the bill particularly and critically,
and there is nothing expressed in the title of
the bill, nor can I see anything of the kind in
the language of the bill, from which such a con-
struction could be drawn. It purports to be a
bill to extend the right of suffrage, and the right
of suffrage alone. I think there is nothing from
which the gentleman can infer that the bill in-
tended the colored people should be made eli-
gible to office here. I would like to ask of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Keljjey] to
state to the House whether such was the pur-
pose of the bill.
Mr. KELLEY. The purpose of the bill, as
I understood it, when reduced to form, was to
invest all the citizens of the District of Co-
lumbia with the right of citizenship. I did not
consider anything beyond the primary question
of giving them the right of suffrage. 1 did not
know what would be its legal construction.
Does the gentleman desire to know my wishes
rather than my views?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know the views
ot the gentleman as a lawyer as to its legal con-
struction.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman desires it
I will ask to have the bill read. My views are,
as I have stated, that it invests all the citizens
of the District with all the rights of citizenship.
Mr. ROGERS. Let us have the billread.
A Member objected.
Mr. KELLEY. I would add that if it should
be found at the next election, or at any subse-
quent election, that there is in the District a
black man so eminently superior to all the white
men as that, in the face of the prejudice that
now crushes the race, the white men should
believe that ho would make the best mayor, or
alderman, or supervisor, that they could find,
they should have a right to his preeminent ser-
vice. I would inquire of the gentleman whether
ho believes that any citizen of the United States
should be debarred from the right to hold office
or to vote for the man whom ho believes to be
most capable to fill office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say in relation to
that, that if such-is the construction that is to
be given to the bill, or if there is anything in it
that will bear that construction, I shall at the
proper time move to amend the bill in that
respect, restricting its operations solely to the
right of suffrage in the District, not making it
include eligibility to office.
Mr. KASSON rose.
COItltECTIOX or a BILL.
Mr. SCITENCK. With the permission of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kassox,] I ask
unanimous consent to correct a mistake made
by the Printer of the House in joint resolution
No. 1. In the ninth line, as printed, the pro-
vision reads, ''And Representatives shall be
appointed ameng the several States." It should
be, "And Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States.''
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the correction has been made.
railroad and telegraph line.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Central Pacific railroad in California, to
Portland, in Oregon; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
o. c. lanphikk.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of G. G. Lan-
phier; which was read a, first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
lieutenant joseph tif ft.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unammoixs
consent, introduced a bill to restore Lieuten-
ant Joseph Tifft to his grade in active service
in the Navy, which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee o  Naval
Affairs.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, igttro-
duced a joint resolution, submitting to the Le-
gislatures of the several States propositions to
amend the Constitution of the united States:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill provides that Representatives be ap-
portioned among the several States according
to the number of male citizens over twenty-one
years of age, having the qualifications requisite
for electors of the most numerous branch of
the State Legislature, and that Congress, at
their first session after the ratification, shall
provide for the actual enumeration of voters,
and such actual enumeration shall bo sepa-
rately made in a general census every ten years.
The number of Representatives not to exceed
one for every one hundred and twenty-five
thousand inhabitants.
united states christian commission.
Mr. KELLEY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] I move
to reconsider the motion by which the resolu-
tion was passed granting the use of this House
to the United States Christian Commission, and
that that motion to rcconsiderbe laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
suffrage in the district of columbia.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, when the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] who
introduced the bill regulating suffrage in the
District of Columbia, spoke the other day ho
announced his confidence in the opinion of the
fathers of the country, and particularly of Mad-
ison, touching the proper construction of the
Constitution of the United States. In that con-
nection he criticized the declaration of the Pres-
ident of the United States in his message, touch-
ing the construction of the Constitution as to
the power of Congress to prescribe the qualifi-
cations of voters in the several States. He sug-
gested, it seemed to me, somewhat patronizingly
toward the President, that his engagements as
Governor of the State of Tennessee rendered it
impracticable for him to ascertain the opinions
ofthefathers of the country, and he is to be ex-
cused for his error, but still that it is an error, par-
ticularly concerning Mr. M adison's opinion upon
the construction of the Constitution. I wish,
before entering directly upon the bill in dispute,
to call attention to the declarations upon this
subject which he introduced into his speech.
He says, after criticizing and opposing the dec-
larations of President Johnson;
" I turn to James Madison to vindieatethesaga-city
of the founders of our Government. Those founders
built not for a generation but for all time. They
were skillful architects, and understood the laws and
principles of the business they undertook. They
built by square and compass and rule, and omitted
neither corner-stone nor keystone from any arch in
the temple they constructed to be the abode of free-
dom in all time. They made it the duty of the Uni-
ted States Government to guaranty to each State a
republican form of Government; and having done
that thov did not fail to provide the means by which
the Government on which they had laid that duty
shouldbeabletoperfoiin it. And they gave Congress
the amplest power to execute that section, when, in
section tour, article one, they provided that—
" 'Thetimes, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thcrcol; but
the Congress may, at any time, by law, make or alter
such regulations, exeopt as to the places of choosing
Senators."'
And, then, in order to support his declaration,
that under the word "manner" in that clause
of the Constitution the Government of the Uni-
ted States has a right to prescribe the qualifi-
