1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3219
pose oflocatmg its saidroadtosaidcityof Pittsburg,
and to cross any road, street, alley, canal, stream,
river, or water in the construction and maintenance
of said road, switches, turn-outs, and other proper
appendages; and shall have power and authority to
acquire by purchase, grant, deed, 01 gift, any lands,
roads, streams, or places noee^aiy for the right of
way upon which to construct said road tor sinirle or
double track, with ail necessarv. suitable, and proper
turn-outs, switches, side tracks, and branches; and
also, all nepessarvgroundsforstation-houses.depots,
water-tanks, engine-houses, machine and repair
shops, and other accessary structures and append-
ages for the economical work inland use of said road:
and shall also have authority 1o receive gifts and
conveyances of land to aid in the construction of
said road and all its appendages."
It is further provided that if the railroad
company cannot negotiate satisfactory terras
with the private citizens whose land or prop-
erty it wants, then it may institute proceedings
to appropriate their property, not in the courts
of their own State, where their rights may bo
determined by their neighbors, bat in some
remote Federal court, where their vindication
may post them more than they will pain.
It is further provided that said railroad com-
pany may exempt itself from all liability to
answer in the tribunals of the State for wrongs
done to its citizens by at once removing from
the State court to the Federal court any action
instituted against it in the former, and com-
pelling the citizens of the State to abandon their
just demands, or follow it into the latter court,
which in many cases is equivalent in its results
to a denial of justice.
These facts sufficiently indicate the novel and
most alarming nature of the propositions con-
tained in this series of bills, and 1 shall quote
no more from their particular provisions, but
only consider the principles involved in them.
They claim for the Federal Government (he
right to go into the States and against their
laws and constitutions to authorize the con-
struction of railroads, canals, and telegraphs,
to run where\ or Congress may direct, to ac-
quire rights of way ill and title fo the soil of
the State, and to carry on their husinosf, within
the State without, regard to and in defiance of
the laws thereof. They claim for the Federal
Government,, also, the right lo confer upon such
corporations, created by the State, new and
extraordinary powers, in direct violation of
State authority. Such legislation, if sustained
by the Federal courts:, (which I do not believe
to be possible,) would lead inevitably to the
complete subversion of the rightful control of
the States over their greatest material inter-
ests, their internal policy and commerce and
their citizens and property. The General Gov-
ernment could thus wrest from the States and
assert for itself the absolute and sovereign
control over ihe vast accumulations ot' capital
and influence and power embraced in the great
systems of internal improvements which have
been hitherto established and managed by the
States, for the advancement and development
of their own interests, and which have become,
under their generous care, without Federal aid
or interference, after long years of struggling,
most fruitful sources of prosperity to their
people and of needful revenue to themselves.
I now proceed to consider some of the re-
sults of such measures, which will be found
to be more intolerable than the assumption
of the power itself. The laws of Congress,
constitutionally enacted, become the supreme
lasv of the land. When Congress rightfully
creates a corporation, or what is the same
tiling in principle, confers new privileges and
franchises on State corporations to be exer-
cised under Federal authority and protection,
such laws necessarily override all State legis-
lation, and such corporations become means
or instruments of the Federal Government in
the execution of some of its expressly granted
powers. Such corporations, with all their prop-
erty, are thus, by the greedy hand of Federal
power, snatched from the rightful control of
the States and subjected to the exclusive man-
agement of the former. If the States are there-
after allowed to exercise any control whatever
over them for taxation of their property or
otherwise, it can only be done by gracious
permission of the central Government. The
corporation called the United States Bank was
such an instrument, and the Supreme Court
have repeatedly announced these principles in
connection with it, and have expressly held it
beyond the power of the States to tax it or its
property. The language of that tribunal, from
the pen of Chief Justice Marshall, presents
these propositions in a most forcible and un-
mistakable manner. I will quote a few para-
graphs:
" It is of the very cssenec of supremacy to remove
all obstacles to its action within its own sphere, and
so to modity every power vested in subordinate gov-
ernments, as to exempt its own operations from their
own influence. This etfect need not bo stated in
terms. 11 is so involved in the declar.it inn of suprem-
acy, so necessarily implied in it that the expression
of it could not make it more certain." " -
"All subjects or.er which the t-ovcreir/n poicer of a.
S''nh; c.ytends arc oijjccts of ttf.iation; but those over
tchich it dors not extend arc noon the roundest princi-
ple* exempt from taxation. This proposition may al-
most !je pronounced f-rj:'-<•>• i<l/ ;>t.'' '
"The sovereignty of a State extends to everything
which exists by its own authority or is introduced
by its permission; hut docs it extend to those means
which are employed by Conirrcss to carry into execu-
tion powers conteued on that body by the people of
the United States? We think it demonstrable that
it does not." ' * ■' "Wo find, then.
Oil just theory, a, total failure of this original right
to tax the mean>. employed by the Government of the
Union for the execution of its powers. Tlie light
never existed, and tho question whether it has been
surrendered cannot arise."—McCulloch vs. The State
of Mart/land, 4 Wheaton, 127.
The same doctrines are reaffirmed by the
same court in the subsequent case of Osborn
vs. United States Bank, (9 Wheaton, 283,) and
in many other cases. They all rest upon the
theory that these corporations, thus created or
endowed by the Federal Government, become
instruments, as it were, in the hands of that
Government, and that to suffer them to be,
taxed at all by the States would be equivalent,
to allowing them to tax the machinery of the
Government itself, and that if the States had
tho power of such taxation they might abuse
it. might tax such instruments out of existence.
Hence the denial of the power.
In other words, Congress having no power
to create such corporations except in cases
where they are a proper and necessary instru-
mentality for the execution of some granted
power, when they are created they at, once
become totally exempt from all control save
that of the creating power, and to admit that
they were subject to any other control in the
important matter of taxation would be to en-
danger their very existence. Because, if the
States could tax them at all without the consent
of the General Government, they could tax
them as much or as little as they please, and
they might please to impose such burdens upon
them as would wholly defeat their objects.
The States might then discriminate against them i
and in favor of their own corporations, and
thus drive them outof existence. It was upon
such reasoning and arguments the Supreme
Court held thirty years ago, and has over since
held, that such corporations and the bonds of
tho Federal Government are entirely exempt
from State and municipal taxation :
Now, apply these principles to Federal rail-
road, canal, telegraph, and other corporations, i
If the power to ureale them exists, the power \
to control them follows. 'Then what becomes
of the sacred and boasted rights of the States
to control their internal affairs and commerce? ]
To raise revenue to pay the expenses of their j
government by taxation of all the property of j
their citizens, whether individual or corporate? \
They have wasted away under the absorbing '
power of the central Government. Their judi- j
eial tribunals are stripped of half their juris- I
diction. The great aggregations of wealth in I
the States, brought into existence by their I
efforts, and often in part by their means, are '
added to the great central puwer to augment !
its patronage and all-pervading influence and j
endanger the liberties of the people and destroy :
our glorious system of government. If Con- I
gress can enact such laws as the one to which
I have particularly referred, it can by parity of !
reason and under the same authority enact
laws and charters which will give it absolute
and sovereign control over all our great works
of internal improvement. It can thus acquire,
iu like manner, the like control over a large
portion of the territory of the States without
their consent.
Does the Constitution afford a shadow of au-
thority for such euactments? I answer "No;
nowhere, by no legitimate construction of any
of its provisions.'' It says, in section eight of
article one, that Congress shall have power—
" To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases what-
soc\er over suth district (not exceeding ten miles
square) as may by cesMon of particular States and
the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the
Governmentof the United States; and to exerciselilca
authority over all places purchased by the consent
of the Legislature of' the State in winch the same
shall be, lor the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals,
dock-yards, aud other liecdtul buildings."
It appears, therefore, that it is the intention
of the Constitution that the United States shall
acquire no title to or jurisdiction over any
portion of the soil of a State without the con-
sent of the Legislature thereof. And this has
been the practice of the Government ever since
its organization. It has never attempted in a
single instance to do otherwise, except during
the late war. when its acts in this particular
were dictated by an overruling necessity which
can supply no precedent for times of peace.
Whenever the United States has desired to
occupy any part of the soil of a State for court-
houses, navy-yards, or other national purposes,
it, has first procured the consent of the State by
a solemn act, of State legislation, expressly
ceding jurisdiction to the United States over
the desired territory. When it was thought
desirable to construct a highway to connect the
waters of the Chesapeake and the Ohio. Con-
gress would not permit the Cumberland road
to be constructed until the consent thereto
of the States of Maryland. Virginia, and Ohio,
was expressly granted. James Monroe, in his
great constitutional argument which accompa-
nied his veto of the Cumberland road bill in
18^2, held that Congress has exclusive control
over the revenues of the Government, and may
appropriate them to aid in the construction of
internal improvements, but has no power itself
to construct any such improvements, because
to ib) that -involrcd the exercise of territorial
jurisdiction, which belongs to the, State alone.
There is nothing better settled in American law
than that the right of eminent domain is in the
States. The right to control the territory
within the several States belongs to the States
alone.
Hut, in these days of radical and reckless
statesmanship we are told that Congress can
create corporations to build great highways
wherever it pleases, and can take charge of
those already created by the States, and under
one pretext or another divest the States of their
original and unquestionable control over the
same, and of their right to tax them, or to regu-
late the manner in which they shall enjoy their
franchises, or carry on their business, or an-
swer for their wrongful acts toward their cit-
izens. This kind of 'legislation will inevitably
rob the States and the people of their most
precious aud invaluable inheritance—the right
of local self-government. No evil ruler on
earth could devise a more appropriate or wick-
edly cunning plan for the attainment of such
a result.
It is claimed by the friends of these meas-
ures that Congress obtains the requisite power
to enact them as an incident, to the express
power "to establish post offices and post
roads.'' and to regulate commerce "among
the several States."'
If it can ever be said in this country that
the interpretation of a constitutional provision
is settled, then it may now be said of the power
to establish post roads. It has been the uni-
form practice of the Government to carry its
mails over the highways of the States—to make
them " post roads" to the extent of their com-
mon use by its mail carriers—but ne>-er to open
up and construct great highways for the pur-
pose of facilitating the transmission of the
mails. Mails never precede but always follow
the opening up of a country and of its high-
ways, and if they are rude aud imperfect at
