2260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 28,
so decidedly that they were met by total prohi-
bition.. This policy of centuries was never re-
laxed', though the atrocious severity of its pen-
alties was gradually abated, until all its objects
were fully accomplished; and only after the edi-
fice of her industrial system was finished from
foundation to cap-stone she took down the
scaffolding on which it was built and called it
lumber and rubbish. In 1824 cottons woven
in .Asia, Persia, China, and the East Indies
were still prohibited. In 1730, when the cot-
ton manufacture was commenced in England,
the oriental fabrics could be afforded for one
third thepriee of the British product. In 1769
Arkwright invented his spinning machinery,
soon afterward improved so that one hand in
England could do the work qf three thousand
in Asia, yet no relaxation was indulged until
the price of cotton yarn was reduced from
thirty-eight shillings in 1786 to three shillings
in 1832 per pound. Silk goods were charged
with twenty-five to forty per cent, by their tar-
iff of 1834, and woolens from fifteen to twenty.
From 1819 to 1826 the duty upon foreign bar
iron was £6 10s., or $32 SOperton; but it was
in that year reduced to £110,?., or §7 GO. Why?
Simply because protection had done its work.
Iron was produced at Cardiff the year before
at £10 per ton, while in Sweden and liussia
it cost £13 13s., in Belgium £16 14s., and in
Prance £24 10s. For ten years before this
reduction in the rate of duty England imported
of foreign iron an amount equal to ten and a
half per cent, of her exports; in the succeed-
ing ton years ten and a quarter percent., so
that her tariff was & dead letter long before its
repeal. Her policy in all its stages and appar-
ent changes is a copy of her procedure in rela-
tion to iron ; never abated, never varied, but
to accomplish its object the better, and finally
abandoned only when it had fully achieved its
utmost possible service in a complete success.
The history of French commercial policy
is but the fellow of the British in the earlier
stages of industrial development, butsomething
wiser and better in its latest phase. The pro-
tective system, introduced by Colbert in 1600,
maintained the finances of the kingdom and the
progress of her manufactures against the vast
expenditure of the fifty-five latter years of the
reign of Louis XIV, (1043 to 1715—seventy-
two years.) And of a much later period wo
have the history in the words of J. B. Say.
He says:
"For thirty years (1804 to 1834) nearly every law
passed on oustom-houso matters has been intended
either to establish or to consolidate the system of
protection and prohibition."
The result, as stated by the same author, -was
that France in 1826 contained the most beau-
tiful manufactures of silk and woolen goods
in the world, and ho distinctly attributes this
success, notwithstanding his free-trade princi-
ples, to the policy of Colbert. But after the
example of England, Franco also could afford
to remit duties when prohibition and protec-
tion had accomplished all their uses. In the
treaty of commerce made in 1860, commonly
called the Cobden treaty, and proclaimed as a
triumph of the lreo-trade policy by all its ad-
vocates in England and among ourselves, silk
was made free in the ports of France: and the
finer kinds of glass, porcelain, embroideries,
and other fabrics in which she excels all other
nations, were also exposed to a competition in
her home markets, as iron and the coarser
cottons are irt England; because no successful
rivalry in price or .product can possibly be ef-
fected. Just as free, and for the same reason,
as ice at Boston, ivory in Africa, and sealskins
among the Esquimaux.
But let the declaration be remarked, and
challenged, too, by whomsoever will venture
the question, in all things and every item of
those commodities wherein her domestic in-
dustry could be endangered by Great Britain,
the duties agreed upon are as highly protect-
ive, as in our Morrill tariff. For instance, on
the coarser cottons of England, that treaty
imposes two cents per square yard, and on the
finest, but one fourth of one cent; on pig, broken
and old iron, from $4.89 to $6 35, but on iron
manufactures, as follows: railroad $13 68;
sheet iron, $25 41 to $31 46; heavy wrought
manufactures, $17 58; small ware, $29 32;
anchors, chains, cables, $1-9 54; and wrought
tubes, large, $25 40; small, $48 85, per ton;
while clocks and watches are iet in at five per
cent., and clock movements at nine cents per
pound, just because they cannot come in at
that rate or at any rate.
Now for the results.
The treaty went into operation in 1861. In
that year the total exports to France were.
£17,427,413, and the imports from France
£17,826,640—nearly equal. In 186#-the ex-
ports were £23,825,392, and the imports had
risen to £25,640,733. Here there is no gain
even in gross amount to the free-trade opera-
tors as against the protective party in the busi-
ness. But when we come to look at the kind
of exports which England sends to France we
find that £11,839,517 worth of raw silk, raw
cotton, and raw wool made up quite the half of
these exports in 1864; how much more of her
colonial produce entered into the total may
be inferred from the fact that only £8,200,700
of British produce was embraced in the total,
leaving full fifteen and a half millions or within
a trifle of two thirds of the whole, of which
England was only the carrier, and received only
the profits or wages of commerce, and nothing
of those of manufacturing industry; carrying,
among other raw materials, raw silk to the value
of £3,545,919, and taking baek in exchange
£5,980,814 worth of silk manufactures.
Verily this much-trumpeted triumph of Eng-
land over the protective system of France, and
the glorification of Mr. Cobden therefor, looks
now as if England was only deceived, and her
champion and agent had been outwitted by
Louis Napoleon. But other noteworthy results
have followed and are still to come. The Liv-
erpool European Times, of the 23d of Decem-
ber last, speaking of the manifold benefits of
the Cobden treaty to France, says:
"Sorao timo since the English locomotive was a
sort of ideul; whereas at the present day French
locomotives are brought to such a degree of perfec-
tion as to be ordered from France for English rail-
roads. In like manner the English machinery for
extracting coal from mines was justly regarded as the
best in the world. Yet not Ions ago a machine was
ordered from alYenchhouseia the department of the
Nord for an English mine."
Here we see that French protection, equal
in amount but threefold equal in effect to that
of the Morrill tariff bill, has had the effect to
cheapen in price and improve in character the
very iron and machinery in which England
thought herself safe from all rivalry.
OUH OWN EXPERIENCE.
In our country the periods of protection have
been those of prosperity. In 1842 the country
was suffering in every part until revived by the
beneficent act of that year. This continued
until the act of 1846 checked our growth, while
that of 1857 would have absolutely destroyed
us but for the rapid increase of our population
and the indomitable energy of the people. The
calamities of the war forced us to the enact-
ment, of the tariff of 1861, which was the wisest
and best we have ever had, not excepting that
of 1842. The Morrill tariff will bo known in
history as the great agency by which the coun-
try was enabled to pass successfully through
the war, and to grow in material prosperity.
The high price of gold made its duties almost
prohibitory, and we were thrown upon our own
resources, which expanded incredibly at the
call, and nerved the trade of the country to
bear with ease the unequaled strain upon it.
THE MOKRILL TARIFF.
I may be asked whether we are not now
under the Morrill tariff. I answer, we are in
theory, but not in fact. All that the manu-
facturing interests of the country ask, and I
speak confidently for my own constituents, is
to be placed where that tariff placed them in
1861. But it should not be forgotten that since
that time the cost of foreign manufacture has
not materially changed, but the cost of domes-
tic manufacture has doubled, and in some cases
triplicated. The excise tax reaches almost every-
thing which enters into manufacture. To place'
the two competitors where- they were in 1861,
our tariff duties should, be increased so as to
equal the increased cost of labor and the excise-
tax. This done, the condition of the country
will improve in every part, and no one will feel
the blow-except the foreigner who hates us and
his agent here who is undermining us.
RETURN TO SPECIE PAYMENTS.
The opinion prevails that a return to specie
payments will remove all these evils'. But it.
•will not relieve the country of its taxes. It can
only modify the cost of some raw materials,,
and probably of labor. Hence its effect can be
but partial. I desire the return to specie pay-
ments, and would greet it with my whole heart,
but in my opinion the true line of policy is in
the direction I have indicated. By increasing
the rate of duties to the point suggested our
excessive importation will be restrained, the
balance of trade will be thrown in our favor,
our coin will be kept at home to fill the chan-
nels of business and become once more the
circulating medium atnong the people. With
present legislation this is hopeless. During
the last four years our exports of coin have-
exceeded the imports $177,778,163, as follows:
Imported. .Exported. Excess.
186 2 816,415,068 S36.887.640 $20,472,552
186 3    9,584,105 63,392,036 §3,807,931
186 4  13,115,612 09,390,485 56,274,873
186 5  7,225,377 54,448,184 47,222,807
With this tendency to enormous importa-
tion of goods and the increasing necessity of
gold exportations to pay for them eheckcd, it
is not unreasonable to hope that the product
of our gold mines retained in the country a few
years will enable us to glide into specie pay-
ments naturally and without shock to any of
the great business interests of the country. It
will be much easier to resume specie payments
on the $740,000,000 of paper money now afloat,
on this plan, than to contract the currency to
half its present volume and allow the present
rate of foreign importation ($12,000,000 per
week) to continue.
All experience demonstrates the necessity
of self-protection among nations. The Ameri-
can legislator who is blind to this truth must
be ignorant of the business history of his own
country as well as that of the civilized world.
No nation can prosper without regarding its
special capabilities, without developing them,
without using the advantages which God has
given it. With us this is a peculiarly impera-
tive duty, because our labor is not only our
financial need-, but it is our political sovereign.
Our Government rests upon its laborers; our
strength comes from them-; our hope is in
them. As they sink the nation sinks; as they
rise the nation rises in all the components of
greatness and power. Let us be just to these
willing giants who support the fabric of free-
dom, and the jewel of liberty will remain for-
ever, blessing our children's children.
RESTORATION.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, had debate been
allowed on the civil rights bill after it was
returned by the Senate to this House with the
objections of the President, I would not have
troubled the House with any remarks on this
occasion; but the principles involved in that
bill and of other kindred measures which have
been introduced into the present Congress, are
of such an extraordinary character as may well
challenge the profound attention and close
examination of Congress and of the country.
Their consideration demands an inquiry into
the nature and powers of the Federal Govern-
ment, and I propose very briefly to examine „
some of the questions which seem to me appro-
priate to this discussion.
Our system of government, Federal j,nd State,
is a complex one, and the boundaries which
separate and fix the powers of each, engaged
the most anxious and thoughtful consideration
of the great men who framed the Constitution
of the United States. No question was pre-
sented and. discussed in the Convention of so
