1S00
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
proposed to be stricken out by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] by striking out "fifty
cents per one hundred pounds," and inserting
"one dollar per hundred weight."
The amendment of Mr. Morrill tvaa not
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Pike was then
agreed to.
Mr. P. THOMAS. I now submit the prop-
osition of which I spoke the other day when
this bill was under consideration. I move to
amend this first section by striking out the
following:
On bituminous coal, fifty cents per ton of twenty-
eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel; on all
other coal, tvrenty-fiveceuts pel ton of twenty-eight
busliols, eighty pounds to the bushel; on coke and
culm of coal, ten per ccnt. ad valorem.
As I explained to the House the other day,
this leaves in full force the general tariff law
of 1804. Within the compass of time that is
now prescribed for debate, it would be idle in
the highest degree to undertake to enlarge upon
the position 1 then attempted to occupy.
But, Mr. Chairman, let me say tliat-if it is
necessary for flic encouragement of the domes-
tic industry of the country to levy a duty of
§1 2") per ton upon coal which is brought,
across the ocean, with all the risk and exiien.se'
of the transit, there certainly is much more
reason for levying a similar duty uponMioal
which is brought into our ports of entry from
the mines of tile neighboring British Provinces.
Mr. Chairman, 1 may have appeared to some
as dealing in hyperbole when 1 spoke the other
day of I lie inexhaustible mineral resources of
our country, the latent, value of which I desire
gradually and legitimately to develop. Why,
sir, (here is a single soction of country, being
partly the Alleghany region of Maryland, and
extending also into the States of Pennsylvania
and Virginia, embracing three hundred square
miles of bituminous coal—a region traversed
by the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and ap-
proached very nearly by the western terminus
of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal. In that
eoal basin there are veins four, six, and twelve
feet thick. I admit that, no one of those veins
runs throughout the entire basin: but taking
the average it may be said that there is a body
of eoal eight feet thick extending throughout
those three hundred square miles of land. Lei
any gentleman calculate the cubic, feet of coal
embraced within a single square mile of that
region, anil calculate also the cubic feet con-
tained in a single ton of eoal. atul he will see
that I am speaking entirely within bounds
when I say that that region alone can furnish,
for the supply of all our steam marine and all
our manufacturing establishments accessible
by our coasting trade, sullicicnl coal for thou-
sands of years to come.
Now, Mr. Chairman, is it right that a vital
interest of this character should be sacrificed
to the cupidity —1 must use thai pUrase—of a
very small section of this country? After (he
manufacturing interests have been encouraged
from 1HI0 to ihe present hour bv enormous
duties, they now ask that for their further pro-
tection you should levy duties of twelve cents
upon the square yard of cotton or woolen goods,
and forty live per cent,, ad cutnrem. What, am
I a.-king now? That, you shall encourage by a
moderate duty of less than twenty per cent, a
branch of domestic industry in which is em-
barked more than .'s.'Ul.GOt^o'bo of capital; for
if you strike out the eight percent, ml ridnri'm
provided for in this bill you leave only twenty
per cent, ad valorem under the tariff of 1804.
If time allowed, I might refer to the sta-
tistics before nic to show that the eoal-pro-
dueing interest is at this hour trembling for its
existence. Hundreds of men who have been
engaged in Ihe coal mines of the Alleghany
region are now actually out of employment by
reason of the very low price of this article.
There are millions of capita! now invested in
this branch of industry with no prospect of any
d;\ idend. Aie you to prostrate by it merciless
policy lhis great interest which is now in its
id .'alley?
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment. No man is more un-
willing than I am that anything should be en-
acted in this bill or any other to th? injury of
any branch of American industry. But I have
been really surprised to hear the remarks which
have been mads during this discussion by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
and the gentleman' from Maryland, [Mr. F.
Thomas,] on the subject of bituminous coal.
Those gentlemen would have us think that a
great interest is being imperiled and is likely
to be overthrown if we refuse to impose increased
duties for its protection. Mow, sir, this inter-
est in bituminous coal has prospered during the
last ten years as one of the articles on the
■free list in the reciprocity treaty with the Brit-
ish Provinces. We have sold them coal at one
end of our frontier line and they have sold us
about the same amount at the other. We have
never heard that our coal interest was perishing
under this arrangement. If the high price of
coal in this city is any criterion of the general
state of the market I should suppose it was a
very good business.
Now, the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to impos'o a duty of fifty cenls per ton on
all coal shipped from that country to this ; and
wo are told by these gentlemen that the coal
trade of lhis country will be ruined.
How formidable is the competing interest
which, with a duty of fifty cents, will ruin the
American coal trade? And how large is the
American trade to be ruined by it? The inter-
nal revenue derived from six cents a ton on
bituminous coal in this country is almost suffi-
cient to purchase, at the market price, ail the
coal brought into the country under the reci-
procity treaty. From Pennsylvania alone, at six
cents per ton, we collected in L804 $044,570 go ;
from Maryland, $27,2l>;>; from Ohio, $0'J,127 ;
and from Kentucky, $4,083.
Mr. KKI.IdiY. What was the amount from
Pennsylvania ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Six hundred and forty-
four thousand five hundred and seventy-six
dollars and lif'ty-six cents. Now, we collected
from I'liese four States, at six cents a ton, for
internal revenue, $742,lOo. The Committee
of Ways and Means propose to repeal the six
cents tax on coal and thus give to those States
a sum that would purchase more than three
fourths of all the coal that is brought into the
United States from the British Provinces. Yet
gentlemen say that this eoal interest is trem-
bling on the verge of ruin because we do not
allix a duty of SI 25 per ton on coal from the
Provinces.
Mr. STUOUSE. T ask the gentleman to
yield to me to correct his facts.
Mr. GARFIELD. My time is too short to
yield to the gentleman. I'am speaking from
oilicial pajiors and no gentleman can correct
my facts. 1 repeat my statement, that the coal
imported Irom the Provinces, which makes
our coal interest "tremble in the balance,'' is
so insignificant in quantity that three fourths
of its total value when it reaches us is only
equal to the revenue derived from our coal prod-
uct at six cents per ton. I think if the trade
could flourish for ten years without Government
aid, it will manage to survive when protected
by a duty of fifty cents per ton on the compet-
ing article and relieved of the six cents on the
home tax. I hope the amendment will not
prevail.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
to insert "one dollar and,'' so it will read "one
dollar and Jifty."
Mr. Chairman, wo ask for the coal interest
only what has been granted to the wool interest,
that is that it may be left out of this bill.
Wool which came in free under the reciprocity
treaty has been left out, and takes its place
under the general law. Wc ask that coal may be
placed on the same footing, or if included "that
the duty shall be as high or higher than under
the tariff of 1804.
In reference to the remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] I will say this
only affects the coal which seeks a market on
the Atlantic border. It is not the coal interest
of the whole country, but only that which finds
its market on the Atlantic border, or otherwise
is without a market.
In regard to the proposed reduction on coal,
I wish to say a few words why this should not
l?e done. I quote from the opening remarks
of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means:
" It is proposed to admit bituminous eoal from the
British Provinces, in consideration of certain priv-
ileges to be extended to the United States, at fifty
cents a ton."
This is the consideration, that the coal interest
of Canada may be specially protected and taken
care of without regard to home interests, that
capita] may be induced to go from this country
into Canada, as it has already largely gone,
thereby escaping taxation and its share of the
public burdens here, then to come back in the
shape of coal at a reduced price, to the injury
of our home product. If we cannot tax that
capita] here, we should catch it on its return.
it is said the article of coal stands at the
same level with firewood. Now, bituminous
coal forms no part of the ordinary fuel of New
England. It is used solely for gas and steam
purposes, and to some extent in manufacturing,
and occasionally to make a sea-coal fire in the
parlor of the wealthy. It does not form any
part of the fuel for the poor.
They ask us in the West to protect and pur-
chase the manufactures of New England, and
we are glad to do so; but we want to pay to
some extent with coal in return. They say we
can get coal cheaper from the Provinces. Is
not the same strgumentgood in our case? We
may say wc can getmanufactured goods cheaper
from old England. If they want us to purchase
their manufactures in New England let there
be a little reciprocity in this respect.
I agree with the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Hoo.vx,] that we should protect the la-
borer. 1 know no better way to protect the
labor of this country than when we make a mar-
ket for its products, and thus increase the de-
mand. This is the only way in which we can
legislate for the protection of labor. And this
kind of labor lies at the very foundation of the
welfare of the country, for out of the ground,
by the tools of the miner and the implements
of the farmer, must come the wealth which is
to pay the debt of our Government. And our
revenue system should be adapted to the im-
portant end of creating national wealth.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, this coal
question is, I think, rather the pivot upon
which this whole subject hangs. I desire to
submit a few additional remarks to what I
have already made. In my judgment there is
not an article among the whole products of the
country which is so justly to be subjected to
competition as eoal. What have we seen in
the last few years ? Speculation has run mad
in our coal-fields throughout the country, and
people have been seeking to make fortunes out
of them in a day, and with success. Prices of
coal have been enormous. And now we are
asked to gh e gi cater protection to the coal in-
terest or it will be utterly prostrated.
Sir, the thing cannot be done. Take the
coal of western Pennsylvania, where it has
to be transmitted nearly three hundred and
fifty miles. The ordinary freight npon coal
cannot be afforded at less than about two cents
per mile. Certainly, in my part of the coun-
try transportation of any kini of freight can-
not be afforded for less than that. Now, that
wo should undertake here to give protection
that will make a market, for coal not only three
hundred and fifty miles distant from the mines,
but three or four hundred in addition to that,
is. in my judgment, asking a little too much.
There is another suggestion connected with
freights which while I am on the floor I will
discuss, and that>was the question alluded to by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harding] as to
protection of agricultural precautions in thisbill.
The question of the tariff stands here on com
and wheat precisely where it has always stood.
