4180
TE® CONGRESSIOIf AL
July 26,
own enough. It may not be advisable to place
this building in the square where it is now
located. Let the matter be investigated by
proper parties before the next session, and let
them make a report.
Mr. WILSON. To build a building for the
War Department is the work of years. They
are under the necessity now of getting some
safe place for the quartermaster's department
and for the protection of the papers in that
department that are now very much exposed,
and the Secretary of War is exceedingly anx-
ious that something should be done at this
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take no longer to
have estimates for the whole. We have the
Sul-geon General's office in one place, the
Paymaster General's in another, the Commis-
sary General's in another, and the Quarter-
master General's in another. It is difficult to
tell where the offices are. I hope the amend-
ment to the amendment will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. The War Department ought
to be an entirety.
Mr. WILSON. Why not say "the War
Departmen t and quartermaster's department ?''
Mr. GRIMES. The greater includes the
whole. If the Secretary of War thinks it only
advisable to build a quartermaster's depart-
ment, he will so report to us.
Mr. WILSON, i have no objection. I will
accept the modification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer this amendment
to come in on page 8, after lino one hundred
and sixty-eight:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary to pay the indebtedness incurred tor the
Indian service, in tho State of Oregon and the Terri-
tory ot' Washington, in tho years 1860,1801, aud 1802,
$-10,000.
I will state this is recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and has also been recom-
mended by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was passed by the Senate upon the Indian
appropriation bill and stricken off by the com-
mittee of conference with the understanding
that it should be put upon the deficiency bill,
and for that reason I oiler it at this time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DA VIS. I offer an amendment, after
tho word "dollars," in line thirty-five, on page
2, to insert:
For deficiencies in tho payment of balances due for
taking the census ot'BOO, $230,300 21.
I submit a letter from tho Department which I
will ask tho Clerk to read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, I). C., June 13,1860.
Sik: Tn answor to your letter of yesterday, desir-
ing to bo informed what sum would su'fhco to pay tho
balances duo for taking the census of 1800 I havo to
say that the books of the Census office show tho bal-
ance duo United States marshals and their assistants
on this account to be $230,300 HI, and this Depart-
ment has asked of Congress an appropriation of this
amount for the purpose of liquidating theso claims.
I am, .sir, very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
W. T. Ol'TO,
Acting Secretary.
Hon. GarSf.tt Davis, United States Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer as an
amendment to that this proviso:
Provided, That no portion of this sum shall bo
paid to any marshal or other person who has taken
part in the rebellion against the United States.
If any of the marshals to whom this money
is due entered into the rebel service and tried
to overthrow the Government, they ought not
to be paid.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say, in order
that the Senate may understand the views of
the Finance Committee, that this question was
before us, and I suppose it was before the com-
mittee of the Plouse, and it was not acceded to
by either committee. Wo thought, as the pre-
sumption was that in the confederate States
these persons had been employed in the rebel-
lion, we had better wait until we got some
proof of well ascertained claims of loyal per-
sons before we made an appropriation for pay-
ment, and therefore declined to put it upon the
appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is really in the nature
of a private claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
it would come exactly within that category;
but whether or not, we came to the conclusion
that although this might appear to be due by
the books, yet it was unwise to make this large-
appropriation. Let it first be ascertained what
amounts are due to pai-ties who stood in proper
relation to the Government to make a claim,
and then we can make an appropriation to pay
it. We thought that was the wisest course to
take. I believe that is the conclusion to which
the committees ofboth Houses came.
Mr. DAVIS. The object of this appropria-
tion is to compensate for labor that was per-
formed before there was a war or a rebellion.
The sums due to these deputy marshals have
been due about five years. I have had the
honor of being a member of this body for about
that period of time, and I have been pursuing
some half a dozen claims with all the assiduity
of a most vigilant constable from that time to
the present and have not been able yet to over-
take them. I hope with the guard that has been
thrown around the appropriation by the very
commendable vigilance of my honorable friend
from Ohio, the amendment will be adopted. I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say before the
vote is taken that it is within my knowledge, as
within that of the Senator from Kentucky, that
these claims have been ascertained for a long
time. There is scarcely any State, I appre-
hend, in the Union where there are not moneys
remaining unpaid. It has been earned for five
years past, and the only difficulty in the way
of payment is the want of an appropriation. A
great many cases have come to my knowledge.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 14; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs Buekalew, Conncss, Creswcll, Da-
vis, Doolittle, Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, How-
ard, Johnson, Ncsmith, Norton, Poland, Sprague,
Stewart. Trumbull, Wade, Willey. and Yates—19.
NAYS — Messrs. Edmunds, Fcssenden, Foster,
Grimes, Harris, llowe, bane, Morgan, Pomcroy, lloss,
Sherman, Sumner, Williams, and Wilson—11.
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Cowan, (Jnuim, Dixon, Fowler, Kirkwood,
McDougall, Morrill, Nye, Itamsey, Kiddle, Sauls-
bury, Van Winkle, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move this amendment as
an additional section :
And bp il further enacted. That section four of the
act entitled "An act to provide for tile payment of
horses and other pioperly lost or destroyed in the ser-
vice of the United States,,J approved March 3,1819,
bo amended by striking out all after tho enacting
clause and in lieu thereof inserting tho words, " that
the said Auditor shall in all eases transmit his adjust-
ment, with all tlio papers relating thereto, to the
Second Comptroller for his revision and decision
thereon, the same in all respects as is provided in the
act of the 2d of September, 1789."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer this amendment
as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the sum of $5,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money m thoTreasury not otherwise a ppropiiated, to
defray the expense of continuing the index to Senate
lists of private claims down to the present Congress,
in pursuance of tho order of the Senate dated March
16,1866.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was before the
Committee on Finance and was not recom-
mended for the want of information, but I am
since satisfied that it is right, and I make no
objection to it.
The amendmentwas agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer an amend-
ment, and I send to the desk with the amend-
ment a letter of the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Insert after lino one hundred and eighty-six on
page 9:
To enable tho Secretary of the Interior to pay tho
reasonable costs and expenses paid or incurred by
the delegates of the southern Cherokoes in coining to
and going from Washington, and during their stay,
upon tho formation of treaties of peace and amity
with the Indian tribes, a sum not exceeding $25,000:
Provided, That said sum shall be refunded to the
Treasury from the proceeds of the sales of Cherokee
neutral lands in Kansas.
The following letter was read :
United States Senate Chamber,
Washington, July 25,1866.
Sir: Delegates from the southern Cherokees, in-
vited by the Government to visit Washington lorthe
purpose of consultation in the negotiation of atreaty
with the Cherokee nation, have been thus occupied
since Octoborlast, flrstmeoting Government commis-
sioners at Fort Smith, and since at this city. They
have thus lost their whole time and incurred consid-
erable expense, which should be_ provided for by an
appropriation. I am of the opinion that tho sum of
$2o,000 would cover these expenses.
The amountinight be restored to theTreasury when
the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas shall have been
sold.
With great respect, I have the honor to be your
obedient servant, * JAMES HARLAN, _
Secretary Interior.
Hon. J. E. Doolittle, -  .
Chairman, Committee Indian Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew my amend-
ment in regard to the clerks in the State De-
partment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it:
And that there shall be allowed and paid to the
clerks and employes of the War and Navy Depart-
ments whoso compensation has not been otherwise
increased previous to July 1,1806, by law of this ses-
sion, twenty per cent, additional on their respective
salaries, to take effect from and after the 1st day of
July, 1865.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Creswell, Harris, Henderson, Mor-
gan, Poland, Pomeroy, lloss, Sprague, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Wmkle, Wade, and Yates—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Clark, Davis, Edmunds,
Fcssenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks,
Howard, Lane, Nesmith, Norton, It a ins ey, Sherman,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,
Conncss, Cowan. Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler,
Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, McDougall, Mori ill, Nye,
Hiddle, Saul-bury, Stewart, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offered an amend-
ment which was postponed, the Senator from
Maine saying he would examine it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did examine it and
I found that that matter was arranged on the
other bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be road a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
MESSAGE 1'ItOJI THIS IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill (S. No. 33d) to prevent the wearing of
sheath knives by American seamen.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 131) for the temporary
relief of the sufferers by the late lire in Port-
land, in the State of Maine, with an amend-
ment, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 20) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the States of Missouri aud Arkansas
to the Pacific coast;
AJiill (S. No. 214) to incqrporate the Gen-
eral Hospital of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 309) to authorize Samuel
Stevens, a Stockbridge Indian, to enter and
