1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
directly to the one referred to, it was essential
that the power which he asserted for Congress
should have been confided to it by the Consti-
tution. That is what I mean to say.
Mr. KASSON. I resume, Mr. Speaker, and
I say that I like a sharp and well-defined issue;
and on the position which the gentleman as-
sumes, that the Congress of the United States,
under the word "manner" in the Constitution,
has the right to say who shall vote and who
shall not vote in the State of Iowa or any other
State, I do explicitly take issue with him.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I hope that the gentle-
man will present the issue correctly. It is not
upon our abstract opinions; it is as to the ex-
pressed opinion of James Madison. That is the
issue.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, if the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania did not mean to indorse
the opinion of James Madison, why did he quote
it? What does he mean by throwing upon the
country an interpretation of the Constitution in
that way on the authority of James Madison,
unless he means to indorse it.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman wishes to
raise that issue, I say that I am for the Consti-
tution in all its breadth; I am for it as it was
understood by Washington and Madison ; I am
for it as embodying all those powers which
Washington and Madison considered essential
to its maintenance; and I am for it with the
power inhering in Congress to so regulate the
suffrage as to give the right of suffrage to evei'y
male citizen of the country of twenty-one years
of age, whether a citizen by birth or naturali-
zation. Now we have the two issues : the one
as to what doctrine Madison maintained, and
the other as to which of us, the gentleman from
Iowa or myself, is right in our construction of
the Constitution.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania did not come
to the point. He neither accepts the declara-
tion of Mr. Madison, nor does he expressly re-
pudiate it.
Mr. KELLEY. I did and do accept it.
Mr. KASSON. It is not enough for the gen-
tleman to say to me that he agrees with Wash-
ington, Jefferson, and Madison, and is for the
Constitution in its breadth. I agree with him
in that respect: I am for the Constitution in its
breadth. I am also for the Constitution in its
narrowness, if narrowness exists. I am for the
Constitution either way. And 1 say, and on
this I have made issue with the gentleman, that
the Constitution does not contemplate, and Mr.
Madison does not claim it as contemplating,
that the Congress of the United States shall
have the right to prescribe who shall vote in my
State or any other State for members of the
most numerous branch of the Slate Legislature.
Now, sir, I take that issue again. I referred
to the Federalist, No. o'2, which I think the gen-
tlemanfrom Pennsylvania [Mr.Kelley] did not
hear, in which Mr. Madison, over his own well-
known signature, declared that it was expressly
committed to the Slate governments to deter-
mine that; for in that way they indirectly deter-
mined who should vote for members of Congress,
and it was unsafe to give it to the Congress of
the United States.
Sir, we have had during the war necessarily
a great disposition, in which I have shared, to
allow the Constitution of the United States to
be interpreted broadly—broadly in the interests
of the integrity of the country; broadly for the
prosecution of the war; broadly foi the main-
tenance of the life of the Union; and I have not
one single declaration I have ever made in that
direction to take back at ihis time.
I say that it is one of the glories of that Con-
stitution, it is one of the elements of perpet-
ual national safety involved in that Constitu-
tion, that it is flexible in its application to
times and events, and in this war the liberal
construction of it, in my judgment, has secured
the triumphs of the armies of the Union. In
time of peace the further prosecution of an in-
terpretation of the Constitution toward a cen-
tralization of the power of the Federal Govern- i
ment, or the broad interpretation that takes
from the^ States the right of prescribing the
qualification of electors to the'must numerous
branch of the State Legislatures, is most dan-
gerous to the rights and liberties of the people
of the United States ; and I desire to enter my
solemn protest against that construction.
Sir, the question is before my State to-day
whether they will strike the word '' white'' out
of the State constitution prescribing the qualifi-
cation of the electors. I think that the word
" white" should be stricken o.ut of the State con-
stitution, because that would enable our Legis-
lature to allow qualified colored men to vote,
which it cannot now do.
Now, shall we allow this Congress, when com-
posed of Democratic majorities, to come in and
say to my State that we shall not allow the black
men to vote, even for the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature? No, sir, the Consti-
tution secures expressly the right to each State
to determine that, and their determining that
determines who shall vote for members of the
Congress of the United States. And this is an
inherent power in the States that we should
guard with great jealousy; and we should not
allow ourselves to give currency to the decla-
ration that Congress, representing all States of
the Union, may, by majorities combined from
other States, declare the qualification in any
State of persons who shall be permitted to vote
therein.
Now, I leave that subject to the consideration
of the House, and I will call attention, as briefly
as I can, to the rules that, in my judgment, ought
to be applied to this question of the right of suf-
frage in the District of Columbia. I wish it were
possible l'or us to admit those things which can-
not be disputed, and reject those things which,
as worthy of rejection, cannot be disputed, and
come right down to the single narrow point in-
volved in this debate.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question?
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman whether
this bill denies to the States the right to fix the
qualifications of the electors of the most nu-
merous branch of the State Legislatures.
Mr. KASSON. Perhaps the gentleman from
Pennsylvania did not hear or read the speech
of his colleague from Philadelphia, [Mr. Ivel-
ley,] who is the father of this bill, and in which
he raised that point of debate; I therefore deem
it proper to reply to that portion of his speech.
Now, sir, what is the proposition before the
House to day? It is, shall the black people of
the District of Columbia be permitted to par-
ticipate in the future elections of the District as
fully as the white population under existing
laws are allowed to participate in them? This
raises the question touching the proper founda-
tion of the right of suffrage. If it he a natural
right, if it be one of those rights like personal
liberty, like the right of exercising personal
conscience, then, sir, I am for it as heartily as
I was for the amendment to the Constitution,
which secured the right of personal liberty to
every human being in the United States.
If on the other hand the right of suffrage is
a conventional right; is one that is rightfully
more or less restricted as the laws of the land
may prescribe; if every citizen has not the right
to demand a vote, then, of course, it is a mat-
ter for the discretion of this House how many
persons shall be authorized to exercise it.
Now, sir, in the history of this country we
have excluded certain classes generally from
taking part in the election. We have excluded
the Chinese, we have excluded all pagans, we
have excluded Indians as a general rule, we
have excluded white males under twenty-one
years of ago, we have excluded women of all
ages irrespective of intelligence or tax paying.
We have thus actually, through the whole his-
tory of this country, recogni7ed certain, qualifi-
cations as necessary for participating in the
elections by which our Government is eon-
trolled. and 1 may add that in most of the Stales
the black population has been wholly or par-
tially excluded. I do not know of
any one
have had the word "white" in our constitu-
tion, and we have been considering the ques-
tion of allowing the black mail to vote. The
party to which" I belong in the State of Iowa
passed this resolution at their last convention:
." Itemhed, That with proper safeguards for the pu-
rity of the t)al!ot-box, the elective franchise shall be
based upon loyalty to the Constitution and Union,
recognxzin? and affirming the equality of all men fee-
tore the law^ therefore we are in favor of amending
the constitution of our State by striking out the word
white'm the article of suffrage."
And, sir, although we had nearly forty thou-
sand majority the previous year, we had only
about sixteen thousand this year in the State.
There was a very great difference of opinion in
the State touching the propriety of the intro-
duction of this resolution. Some counties in
their conventions declared that it was but a
proposition to submit to the vote of the people,
which it would require three years to give effect
to, whether or not they should be allowed to
vote; inotherwords, whether the word "white"
should be stricken out; and they postponed, ia
many instances, the consideration of the ques-
tion and adhered to the ticket. The State has
not yet pronounced on the subject, and I have
in my hand a late copy of the State party or-
gan, which uses the following language, the
Legislature being in session, and the subject
being before them for the first step of action.
After claiming that the proposition should be
early submitted to the people, the editor says:
"Intelligence should be the chief basis of suffrage,
as it is the only guarantee of perpetuity in a free Gov-
ernment, and we trust that Iowa may be the first
among the States of the Northwest to ingraft thia
principle in its fundamental law."
That declaration is made by one of the most
radical newspapers in Iowa—the organ of the
party in the State.
Mr. PRICE. I ask my colleague whether or
no the question of negro suffrage was brought
squarely before the voters of Iowa, at the last,
election. Let him answer yes or no.
Mr. KASSON. It was brought before the
electors of Scott county in which my colleague
resides, which had been the banner county of
the State, so called, and I think something like
twelve hundred majority at the previous elec-
tion was reduced to some fifty or sixty, by which
they were just able to elect their members to
the Legislature. That was the result of the
square indorsement of the proposition. Per-
haps other things were involved in the issue;
that I do not undertake to say; but there was
a square indorsement. In my own county the
convention passed a resolution, the sense of
which I stated before, namely, that it was a
mere proposition to submit the amendment to
the people, and that, therefore, it ought not to
be a test in the present canvass.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the question again, and
I want my colleague to answer me yes or no.
Mr. KASSON. I cannot yield to such a per-
sistent determination of the gentleman. I have
attempted to answer the question, and I now
answer it again. It was put before the people
by the resolution which I have read here to the
House, that provides proper safeguards for the
purity of the ballot-box; and those safeguards,
1 maintain, involve, evidently, the question of
loyalty and intelligence. Then in different coun-
ts es the conventions took different policies, and
speakers took different lines of argument.
Mr. PRICE. I pledge this House to answer
the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
the floor?
Mr. KASSON. No sir. If the gentleman
has simply a question to ask or a fact to state I
yield.
Mr. PRICE. I ask my colleague for an an-
swer yes or-no, and not, a circuitous one", going
all around the course. Was the question brought
squarely before the voters of Iowa at the last
election whether they would have negro suf-
frage in the State ? I do not care which way he
answers it.
