1866.
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
2281
much interest and importance as this. It was
upon this great question that the Convention
was principally divided; and if any one thing
was settled in that Convention, and by the
conventions of the several States, which after-
wards ratified the Constitution, it was, that the
Federal Government was to be one of limited
and delegated powers, which were clearly de-
fined in the instrument, and that itcoald exer-
cise no powers not thus expressly granted,
except such as were necessary to carry out
express grants.
The powers conferred up-on Congress, high
and important as they are, are comparatively
few in number, and are defined in section eight
article one of the Ooa&titution. I know that
some gentlemen claim that a great deal may
be done under the last clause of the section
to which I have referred, which provides that
Congress shall have power—
"To make all laws which shall bo neccssafy and
proper for oarrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States, or in
any department or officer thereof."
_ But, sir, this clause- confers no new or addi-
tional power upon Congress. It simply author-
izes Congress to " make all laws which shall
be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution' ' the powers granted in the Constitution.
Mr. Madison, in the Virginia convention,
speaking of this clause, said:
"With respect to the supposed operation of what
is denominated the Sweeping clause, the gentleman
was mistaken; for it only oxtendcd to all enumerated
powers. Should Congress attempt to extend it to
any power not enumerated it would not be war-
ranted by the clause."
Justice Story, in his Commentaries, speaking
on the same subject, says :
" The plain import of this clause is, that Congress
Shall have all incidental and instrumental powers
necessary and proper to carry into execution all
express powers. It neither enlarges any power spe-
cifically granted, nor is it a grant of any new power to
Congress."
In the case of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland, Chief Justice Marshall, delivering
the opinion of the court, announces the same
doctrine. He says:
" This Government is acknowledged by all to be
One of enumerated powers, The principle tb at it can
exercise only the powers granted to it, would seem too
apparent to have required to be enforced by all those
arguments which its enlightened friends, while it was
depending before the people, found it necessary to
urge."
The Constitution was formed by a people who
had been in the possession and enjoyment of
State governments of long standing. These
States had entered into a Government under
Articles of Confederation, which, after the
pressure of the war of independence had been
removed, proved inadequate for the purposes
of a General Government;' and the States, sov-
ereign and independent as they were, having all
the machinery and attributes of governments in
themselves, so far as the same had not by the
Articles of Confederation been '' expressly dele-
gated to the United States," undertook to form
a more perfect Union ; and to that end sent
delegates to a Convention; and the result of
their labors, the Constitution which they framed,
was submitted, not to the people of the United
States, for ratification, but was submitted to the
several States, to be ratified by the people of
each State acting through their own conven-
tions, and was to be binding only on such of
the States as should thus ratify, thus making it
a Federal Government. The extent and char-
acter of the powers conferred upon the Gov-
ernment thus formed, were delegated powers,
defined and limited, and all power not granted
was from the. very nature of the grant reserved
to the granting power, namely, to the States and
the people.
Now, was any power delegated by this Con-
stitution to Congress to regulate the internal
affairs of the States, or control contracts, pre-
scribe who should be witnesses or parties in
suits, who should inherit, purchase, lease, sell,
hold, and convey real and personal property in
the several States? None whatever, except
that it is prohibited to the States to pass laws
impairing the obligation of contracts. Justice
Story, speaking of this Government, says;
"They have madeit a limited Government. They
have defined its authority. They have restrained it to
the exercise of certain powers, and reserved all others
to the States or to the people."
Mr. Madison, in the Federalist, says:
"Tho powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government, are few and defined.
Those which are to remain with the State govern-
ments are numerous and indefinite. The former will
be exercised principally on external objects, as war,
peace,negotiation, and foreign commerce, with which
last the power of taxation will for the most part be
connected.
"The powers reserved to tho several States will
extend to all the objects which in the ordinary eourso
of affairs concern the lives, liberties, and properties of
the people, and the internal order, improvement, and
prosperity of tho State."
It must be evident from this that Mr. Madison,
who is justly regarded as the father of the Con-
stitution, never dreamed that such a power as
is assumed in the civil rights act, would ever
be claimed or exercised by Congress.
But again, Mr. Marshall, afterward Chief
Justice, speaking of the Constitution, ^3 Elliot's
Debates, 550.) asks:
"Has the Government of tho United States power
to make laws on every subject? Does he understand
it so? Can they make laws concerning the mode of
transferring property, or contracts, or claims betioeen
citizens of the eatne State? Can they go beyond tho
delegated powers? If they were to mako a law not
warranted byanyof the powersenumerated.itwould
be considered by the judges as an infringement of
tho Constitution which they aro to guard."
But this House, by a majority of more than
two thirds, has solemnly decided that Congrops
can do precisely what Mar,shall believed the
Federal Government had no power to do.
Mr. Madison, in the twenty-ninth number of
the Federalist, discussing the character of tho
then proposed Constitution, and to prove that it
created a Federal, and not a national Govern-
ment, says:
"Tho idea of a national government involves in it
not only an authority over the individual citizens,
but an indefinite supremacy over all persons and
things, so far as they are objects of lawful govern-
ment.
"Among a people consolidated into one nation,
tbis supremacy is completely vested in the national
Legislature. Among communities united for partic-
ular purposes, it is vested partly in the general and
partly in the municipal Legislatures. In the formor
case, all local authorities are subordinate to tho
supreme, and may be controlled, directed, or abol-
ished by it at pleasure. Id the latter the local or
municipal authorities form distinct and independent
portions of tho supremacy.no more subject within
their respective spheres to the general authority than
the general authority is subject* to them within its
own sphere.
"In this relation, then, tho proposed government
cannotbe deemed an«fioaa£one,biuccitsjurihdiction
extends to certain enumerated objects only and leaves
to the several States a residuary and inviolable sov-
ereignty over other objects."
And still .further, in discussing the same
question, speaking of tho adoption of the Con-
stitution, Mr. Madison says:
"Were the people regarded in tbis transaction as
forming one, the will of the majority of the whole
people of the United States would bind the minority
in the same manner as the majority in each State
must bind the minority; and the will ofthcinajority
must be determined by a comparison of the individ-
ual votes, or by considering the will of the majority
of the States, as evidence of the majority of the peo-
ple of the United States. N either of these rules has
been adopted. Each State in ratifying the Constitu-
tion is considered as a sovereign body, independent
of all others, and only to be bound by its own voluntary
act. Inthisrelation, then.thenew Constitution will,
if established, be a. Federal, and not a national Con-
stitution."
But each of the States in ratifying the Con-
stitution gave expression to the strong and
unmistakable sentiment of the people, that the
Government formed thereby should be one of
limited and delegated powers only.
The State of Massachusetts, in her conven-
tion of delegates, made the following formal
declaration:
"And as it is the opinion of this convention that
certain amendments and alterations in the said Con-
stitution would remove the fears and quiet the appre-
hensions of many of the good people of theCommon-
wealth, and more effectually t;uaid against an undue
administration of the General Government,the con-
vention do therefore recommend that the following i
alterations and provisions be introduced into said
Constitution: first, that it be explicitly declared that
all powers not expressly delegated by the aforesaid
Constitution are reserved to the several States to be
by them exercised."
New Hampshire, Virginia, North and South
Carolina, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, all evinced the same anxiety to have
it distinctly understood, that the General Gov-
ernment could exercise no power notdelega.ted,
and that all powers not so delegated were re-
served; and so strong and universal was this
sentiment, that it soon found itself embodied
in that amendment to the Constitution which
declares:
" The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to tho States respectively or to the peo-
ple."
Again, Mr. Madison, in speaking on the sub-
ject of express powers, lays down this rule:
"Whenever, thorefore. a question arises concern-
ing the constitutionality of a particular power, tho
first question is, whether tho po-wer be expressed in the
Constitution. If it be, tho question is decided. If it
benot expressed, the next inquiry must be whetherit
is properly an incident to an express power, and ne-
cessary to its execution. If it bo.it may beexeicised
by Congress. If it be not. Congress cannot exercise it."
* * * * "I consider tho foundation of the
Constitution as laid on this ground, that all powers
not delegated to the United States by tho Constitu-
tion. nor prohibited by it to the States, as reserved
to the States or tho people. , To take a single step be-
yond the boundary thus specially drawn around the
po wers of Congress, is to take possession of a boundless
field of power, no longer susceptible of any definition."
It is unnecessary that I should multiply au-
thorities on this point.
Neither is there in this plain and undeniable
doctrine as to the powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment,, any warrant whatever for the heresies
of secession and nullification; heresies which
I have always opposed. The Federal Govern-
ment is supremo in all its constitutional pow-
ers ; so are the States supremo in the same w ay;
and there is not necessarily to be any conflict.
There cannot, it is true, be two supremes over
the same subject-matter, but the Federal Gov-
ernment, and the States, arc each supreme in
their respective constitutional spheres.
But, sir, the danger to-day is not in secession,
or any threatened or apprehended encroach-
ment by tho States, on the just and constitu-
tional powers of tho General Government. It
meets us in the other direction—in the strong
and well-organized attempt to destroy the just
and constitutional rights of tho States, and
establish on their ruins a great and powerful
centralized system.
As a part of this attempted revolution, blood-
less it is true, but nevertheless a revolution of
the most dangerous character, we have schemes
and propositions pressed upon Congress which
should arouse the fears of every true patriot,
and stimulate him to the most determined exer-
tions, to preserve our admirable system of gov-
ernment. Not only have eleven of the States
of this Union during this session of Congress,
in the very face of the plainest provisions of
the Constitution, been denied all representation,
but members duly elected to both branches of
Congress, have been ousted from their seats, by
the action of a domineering majority, and in
some cases others admitted, who no intelligent
man will pretend, represent the views of the
majorities in their districts.
But, sir, this majority, not contentwith thus
depriving nearly one third of the States of this
Union of representation, have seized upon this
opportunity to force through, and to continue
to press, upon this Congress, measures which
no one could expect would be adopted by the
representatives of the people of all the States,
if their voice could be heard in these Halls.
The legislation contained in the civil rights
act being, in my judgment, so palpably in vio-
lation of the Constitution, I would be false to
myself and-my convictions of duty, if I did not
most, earnestly protest against it. The first
section provides—
"That all persons born in the United States and
not subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians
not taxed, are hereby declared citizens ofthc United
States, without distinction of color or race.
And it further defines what rights shall be
enjoyed by the persons so made citizens or the
United Stales, namely:
" To make and enforce contracts, to sue, he parties
and give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell,
hold, and convey real and personal property.
