1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3221
attachment to their States and to diminish
their pride and interest in them. Then the
blighting work of centralization will have been
accomplished and local self-government de-
stroyed, and the small rivulets and original
sources of political power in this country will
have become corrupted and the centralgovern-
mout a despotism. The patriotic alarm, sounded
none too soon by President Johnson on the
22d of February last, will then have become
verified prophecy.
It is not possible, if the history of our coun-
try has any value or contains any truth, that it
was ever intended by the framersof our Federal
Constitution, who were at the same time pio-
neers and equally interested in the,organization
of our State governments, that the former
should ever attempt to take the management
of or legislate for the private and local affairs
and interests of the people in the States. Such
policy is everywhere deprecated and denounced
by them as most dangerous to the best inter-
ests of both Governments. They have always,
and with singular unanimity and tenacity, in-
sisted that the chief element in our system of
governments, which at once combines safety
to liberty and great strength, is that of a well-
defined and faithfully observed division of
powers between the general and the local gov-
ernments. It was their most cherished aim to
establish firmly and observe faithfully this di-
vision. Let us not tolerate any other purpose.
We cannot cultivate a sounder or more benefi-
cent policy. Let us devote the energies of
this General Government to its appropriate
duties; to the wise superintendence of those
general interests which pertain to and can lie
best administered by it; to its vast externa)
affairs. Let us look more to the economical
management of its finances and the reduction
of the burdens of the people. Let us do jus-
tice promptly and with a liberal hand to the
gallant and self-sacrificing defenders of the
Government and country, and hasten to resume
our career of union, peace, and prosperity.
Lei us discountenance all attempts at legisla-
tion calculated to produce discontent or sec-
tional agitation. Let us give resl, not new
commotion, to our country after its fearful
struggles during the last five years, and we
shall thus do the most exalted service to it and
to mankind.'-
The SPEAKER stated there were several
gentlemen who wished to speak, but were not
now prepared, and if there were no objection
they could hand their speeches to the reporters
to be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
death of hon. .tames humphrey.
Mr. DAVIS. Jlr. Speaker, when I came to
the House a telegram was handed to me an-
nouncing the death of my colleague, lion.
Jams Humphrey, of the third congressional
district of New York. He died this morning
at his residence. The delegation from New
York will hereafter decide what is proper to
be done on the occasion. Now, as a mark of
respect to his memory, I move the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 18, 18g6.
Prayer bv llev. G. C. Baldwin, D.D., of
Troy. New York.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Friday last was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HARRIS presented six petitions of cit-
izens of Now York, praying for the repeal or
modification of the law imposing a tax of ten
"Note.—The lull^cmbi ocedhi tljo - cope of the foro-
going remarks are tlv^o of the IIou?e numbered
respectively 11, 91, Do, 421, -135, 527, 537, 575.
per cent, on the circulation of State banks after
the 1st of July next; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Mrs.
Annie E. Dixon, widow of Major Ilenry T.
Dixon, late a paymaster in the United States
Army, praying for a pension 5 which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
_He also presented the memorial of John C.
Stimpson, and others, of Salem, Massachusetts,
praying for an amendment of the tax bill so as
to exempt all sums under $1,000 deposited in
savings banks from taxation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
_ Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Jersey City, New Jersey, praying
for the passage of a general bankrupt law;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a petition
of citizens of Union county, Indiana, praying
that a pension may be granted to John Pyle ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. STEWART. I present the memorial of
James MeDuniel. S. II. Binge, White Catcher,
D. II. ltoss, .1. 13. Jones, and Smith Christie,
delegates of the Cherokee nation now in Wash-
ington city, setting forth the evils of the pres-
ent system of the Indian department and pray-
ing that the Bureau of Indian Affairs may be
transferred to the War Department from the
Department of the Interior. 'They go on to
give reasons in favor of the change. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
'The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOl'fiAX. I present the remonstrance
of George F. Kidwell. J. 11. Caldwell. Edward
Edwards, and one hundred and sixty-four
other citizens of the first ward of Washington,
against the proposed repeal of the charter of
Washington city. As the bill is before the
Senate, I ask that the remonstrance lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of Joseph Opocenzky, and divers
others, Moravians,ot Williams'sPrairio, Austin
county, in the State of Texas, praying for aid
to erect a new Evangelical Moravian church
arid parsonage in that locality; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSEXDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (II. R.
No. 513) to reduce infernal taxation and to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, pay
the interest 011 the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June :!0, 181)4, and acts
amendatory thereof, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (S. It. No. 107) in
relation to the purchase of certain lands at
Point Lookout, Maryland, for a military and
naval hospital, <fce., asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee 011 Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (IT. R. No. 352) relative to
certain guns captured in the late war, have
instructed me to report it adversely. I move
that it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 93) for the appointment of a commission
to examine and report upon certain claims of
the State of Iowa, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill ( U. R. No. 448) to authorize j
the construction of a railroad through certain j
land of the United Stales m Kansas, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. ICO)
for the relief of William D. Nelson, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was
referred a bill (II. R. No. 590) for the relief
of William Mann and Jacob Senneff, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom wa3
referred a bill (S. No. 332) to provide for the
construction of a wagon road from White
Bluffs, in Washington Territory, to Helena, in
Montana Territory, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
James P. Johnson, praying for compensation
for services rendered as a veternary surgeon
in the Army, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 37-1) for the relief of James
P. Johnson. The bill was read and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joshua
Jones, praying for compensation for incidental
losses to. himself by the occupation of his prop-
erty by the United States Army, reported ad-
versely thereon.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 521) for the
benefit of Henry Home, reported it without
amendment.
INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 375) to amend an act granting a pension
to the widow of the late Major General lliram
G. Berry; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint,
resolution (S. R. No. 109) for the relief of
Joseph Segar, of Virginia; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I have several papers ac-
companying this joint resolution from Mr.
Segar ; and I move the reference of the reso-
lution, with the accompanying papers, to the
Committee 011 Claims, and submit the matter
to their consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
OPERATIONS 01' THE WESTERN ARMY.
Mr. WADK. I offer the following concur-
rent resolution, and ask for its present consid-
eration :
JZc wived by the of "Representatives
coneuning,) That there bo printed lor the use of tho
members ot the Xhuty-IS'inth Congress tho reports
of Major (jfcnerrtlrf William T. Sherman, George H.
Thomas. John Pope, J. (Jr. Foster, A. Plensonton, and
E. A. llitebeoek, made to the joint committee on tho
conduct of thowar. together v. ith .such other reports
os m:iv be received by the eomm en cement of the next
scsmou ot Congre>, the same number and in tho
same style :;s were printed of the loports heretofore
made by ::aM committee.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. WADB. While the committee on the
conduct of the war was in being, we had not
much time to investigate the western cam-
paigns, and long before the committee expired
we wrote to the generals in the West staling to
them that we would liko each of them to give
us a narrative of what he thought was impor-
tant. There was some complaint that our
investigations had been made principally in
regard to the eastern armies, and thereupon
the committee requested the leading generals
of the western armies to give us a narrative
of the operations of tho armies under their
particular observation, and send it to us as
soon as they couid. At that time they were
very much occupied. Some of them sent in
their reports earlier than others, but none of
them in time to be bound with the leport made
by the committee. Their reports, which 1 now
have before me, contain a good deal of infor-
mation that 1 think is of the greatest interest-
to the public. It will furnish most authentic
