•4182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Public Lands. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
' The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISS VINNIE KEAM.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to report from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Interior to con-
tract with Miss Vinnie Ream for alife size model
and statue of the late President, Abraham Lin-
coln, to be executed by her at a price not ex-
ceeding $10,000,one half payable on the com-
pletion of the model in plaster, and the remain-
ing half on the completion of the statue in mar-
ble to his acceptance.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to suspend the
rules.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The rules were susjiended.
The joint resolution was then received and
read a first and second time.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, demanded the previ-
ous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof lite joint resolution was ordered to
bo engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, ii was accordingly read the third
time.
On the passage of the joint resolution, there
were—ayes 57, noes 1; no quorum voting.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cobb and
Mr. Le Bui.vn were appointed.
Mr. COBB. Since the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wkntwortii] votes for the joint res-
olution, I withdraw the demand for a division.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to rcconsidcr
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also •moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN HASTINGS.
Mr. MOOllIIEAD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported back Senat# bill
No. '>'24, for the relief of John Hastings, late
surveyor and depositary of public moneys at
Pittsburg, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill was read.
_ Mr. MOOKIIHAJ). The explanation I can
give of this bill is brief and comprehensive.
The bill passed a year ago on the 3d of March,
1805; the description was wrong; Mr. Hast-
ings was described as collector of customs of
Pittsburg, when it ought to have been surveyor
and depositary of public moneys. This only
makes the necessary correction. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
the bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. MOORIIEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REFUNDING OF TAXES.
Mr. ITOGAN moved that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union bo dis-
charged from the further consideration of a
bill (Ii. R. No. 759) to authorize the refund-
ing of certain taxes.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill provides that where the license tax
imposed upon any wholesale dealer has been
calculated upon the amount of such dealer's
sales for the previous year, according to the
seventy-ninth section of the act approved June
30, 1864, and satisfactory proof has been made
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that
the sales made under such license did not
equal in amount the sales of such previous
year, said- commissioner shall refund to such
wholesale dealer so much of the amount paid
for such license as may be in excess of the
proper tax chargeable upon the amount of
sales actually made under such license during
the year for which the same was issued.
Mr. HOGAN. It meets with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury and of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. HOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LOAN and Mr. DAWES called for the
regular order of business.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the bill of the Senate (No. 20) grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the States of
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific coast by
the southern route; pending the reading of
which the House adjourned last night.
The Clerk concluded tlie reading of the bill.
The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad were read, as
follows :
Amend first section by inserting names of persons
us additional corporators; also, by striking out the
wonts, " between the mucty-lii'th and ninety-eighth
meridians," and the words "by ivay of the valley of
the Canadian river and the headwaters of the Rio
Pecos, near Anton Chioo;" so that that portion of
tlio section will read:
And said corporation is hereby authorized and
empowered to lay out., locate, and construct, furnish,
maintain, and enjoy a continuous railroad and tele-
graph lino, with the appurtenances, namely,begin-
ning at or near tile town of Springfield, in the State
of Missouri, thence to the western boundary line of
said fcState, and theneo by tho most eligible railroad
route as shall bo determined by said company to a
point on the Canadian river, tlicnee to the town of
Albuquerque, on t.lip river Del Norte, anil theneo by
way of tho Agual'Yio, or other siutablc pass, to tho
headwaters of tho Colorado Ohiquito, and thence
along tho thirty-fifth parallel of latitude, as near as
may be found most suitablo for a railway route, to tho
Colorado river, at such point as may be selected by
said company for crossing; thence by tho most prac-
ticable and eligible route to the Pacific.
Also amend iirstsection by striking out " Jannarv''
and inserting "October," and striking out "18S7"
and inserting ' 186G;" so that that portion will read;
"the first meeting of said board of commissioners
shall be held at the Turner Hall, in tho eity of St.
Louis, on tho 1st day of October, A. 1). 1866."
Amend second section by striking out "two" and
luserlmg "one," so that that, portion will read;
baid way is granted to said railroad to the extent
of one hundred feet in width on each sideof said rail-
road where it may pass through the public domain,
including all neeessarygroundsforstation buildings,
workshops, depots, machine-shops, &e.
i Amend tho third section by inserting the words
and not including the reserved numbers" atter the
following clause: "andwhenever,priorto said time,
any of said sections or parts of sections shall have been
granted, sold, reserved, occupied by homestead set-
tlers, or preempted, or otherwise disposed of, other
landsshallbpseleoted by said company in liou thereof,
under tho direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
in aiternatesections, and designated by odd numbers,
not more than ten miles beyond the limits of said
alternate sections."
Also amend the third section by striking out "fifty"
and inserting "twenty;" so that that portion will
read:
Provided further. That all mineral lands be, and the
same are hereby, excluded from the operations of this
act, and in lieu thereof a like quantity of unoccupied
and unappropriated agricultural lamb in odd-num-
bered sections nearest to the line of said road, and
within twenty mites thereof, may bo selected as above
provided.
Amend the fourth section by striking out, the words
United States " and inserting the word " company "
alter the words shall be paid areasonable compen-
sation for their services by the ; " and al«o insert the
words 'under oath " after tho words " the commis-
sioners shall so report."
u Amend the sixth section by striking out the words
and the reserved alternate sections shall not bo
sold by theCrOYcrnmcnt at a price less than $2 50 per
acre when offered for sale."
Amend the seventh section by striking out" two "
and inserting " one;" so that that portion will read:
That the said Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany be, and is hereby, authorized and empowered to
enter upon, purchase, take, and hold any lands or
premises that may be necessary and proper for the
construction and working of said road not exceeding
in width one hundred feet on each side of the lino of
it3 railroad, unless a greater width be required for
the purpose of excavation or embankment.
Also amend the same section by striking out the
words "increasing or diminishing, as the case may
be, the award of the commissioners," and inserting
the words " more favorableso that that portion will
read:
- And said party appealing shall give bonds, with
sufficient surety or sureties, for the payment ^of any
cost that may arise upon such appeal; and in case
the party appealing does not obtain a verdict more
favorable, such party shall pay the whole cost in-
curred by the appellee, as well as his own.
Also add to the bil I the following section:
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That whenever
in any grant of land or other subsidies, made or here-
after to bo made, to railroad or other corporations,
the United States has reserved the right, or shall re-
serve it, to appoint directors, engineers, commission-
ers or other agents to examine said roads, or act m
conjunction with other ofliccrs of said company or
companies, all the costs, charges, and pay of said di-
rectors, engineers, commissioners, or agents shall be
paid by tho respective companies. Said directors,
engineers, commissioners, or agents shall be paid for
said services the sum of ten dollars per day, for each
and everyday actually and necessai ily employed, and
ten cents per mile for each and every mile actually
and necessarily traveled, in discharging the duties
required of them, which per diem and mileage shall
bo in full compensation for said services. And in
case any company shall refuse or neglect to make
such payments, no more patents for lands or other
subsidies shall be issued to said company until thess
requirements are complied with.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike out from
the list of corporators the name of "James
M. Scovel'' and insert the name of 11 Alexan-
der C. Cattell."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I notice that there
are several members-of Congress named among
these corporators. I think it would be better
to strike their names out.
Mr. PRICE. I have no control over that
matter; it is for the House to decide.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I move to amend
by striking out the names of members of Con-
gress in the list of corporators named in this
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Pmce] allow me to
offer an amendment ?
Mr. PRICE. I will hear it.
Mr. LA.WHENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
amend the hist section by adding thereto the
following:
And Congress shall at all times have the right to
prescribe the rate of charges for the transportation
of freight and conveyance ot passengers on said road.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield for any such
purpose, for it is an entirely unusual provision,
and I see no necessity for introducing a differ-
ent feature into this grant.
Now, in reference to this bill, I have but a
few words to say, and then I shall call the
previous question. This bill gives about the
same grant of land to this Atlantic and Pacific
railroad that was given to the Northern Pacific
railroad. I desire to state but one other fact.
The Northern Pacific railroad is not allowed
to go further south that the forty-fifth parallel
of latitude. This Atlantic and Pacific rail-
road runs along the thirty-fifth parallel of lati-
tude, so that it is kept some three or four hun-
dred miles from the Central Pacific railroad,
which is now being built under the control of
the Government. Therefore they will not be
conflicting lines.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish my col-
league LMr. Price] would state to the House
how much land per mile and how much in the
aggregate this bill grants.
Mr. PRICE. T will answer my colleague
[Mr. Wilsox] by reading from the bill, which
states that the company shall be allowed "every
alternate section of public land, not mineral,
designated by odd numbers, to the amount of
twenty alternate sections per mile, on each side
of said railroad line, as said company may
adopt, through the Territories of the United
