THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
And to have—
. "Full and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings
for the security of person and property as is enjoyed
by white citizens, and shall be subject to like pun-
ishment, pains, and penalties, and to none other, any
law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to the
contrary notwithstanding.
The second section provides:
"That any person who, undercolor of any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall subject,
or cause to be subjected, any inhabitant of any State
or Territory to the deprivation of any right secured
or protected by this act, or to different punishment,
pains, or penalties on account of such porson having
at any time been hold in a condition of slavery or
involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for
crime whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed. or by reason of his color or race, than is pre-
scribed for the punishment of white persons, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction,
shall be punished by line not exceeding $1,000, or im-
prisonment not exceeding one year, or both, in the
discretion of the court."
It is thus sought to establish an equality
between tho white and colored races by Con-
gress, in all of the States of this Union, in the
enumerated rights and immunities defined in
the sections already quoted, and to prohibit the
States from making any discrimination in any
of the particulars named between the races.
Sir, this measure invades the local legislation
of the States, and controls it. It lays pros-
trate at the feet of Federal power the right of
each State to regulate and control its own
domestic concerns.
But not satisfied with subverting the legisla-
tive powers of the States, it strikes down tho
independence of the judiciary of the States, and
subjects the judges of their courts to the arrest
of some petty mercenary agent of the organized
band of detectives which this act creates;
thus overriding and completely subverting the
free exercise of the local powers of all the
States, by placing their officers under the con-
trol and surveillance of the Federal authorities.
Sir, if there is anything which the people of
this Union will never abandon, without a strug-
gle worthy of all the great defenders of free
government, it is the great right revered and
cherished by a free people, of each State to
regulate and control its own domestic affairs,
unchallenged and uncontrolled by any other
power or authoiity whatever, except the Con-
stitution of the United Slates.
Where, allow me to inquire, do you get the
power to declare that "all persons born in the
United States and not subjcct to any foreign
Power, excluding Indians not taxed, are citi-
zens of tho United States?" No such power is
conferred by tho Constitution. Congress, it is
true, has the authority "to establish a uniform
rule of naturalization," but the effect of nat-
uralization is only to remove the disabilities
existing on account of alienage. But this
power does not authorize Congress to confer
citizenship on a person born within the United
States.
Mr. Justice Curtis, in his dissenting opinion
in the Dred Scott case, (10 Howard R.,) has
very ably examined and considered this ques-
tion, and he says:
"It appears, then, that the only power expressly
granted to Congress to legislate concerning citizen-
ship is confined to tho removal of disabilities of foreign
birth."
And—
"Whether there be anything in the Constitution
irom which a broader power may be implied will
. best be seen when we come to examine tho two other
alternatjyes.which arc, whether alllree persons born
on the soil oft he several States, or only such of them
as may be citizens of each State respectively, are
thereby citizens of the United States. The last of
these alternatives, in my judgment, contains the
truth."
But, sir, the whole scope and purposes of
the provisions of the sections to which I have
referred, are at war with the rights of the States.
Many examples could be presented, to illus-
trate how completely they subvert the powers
of the States to regulate their own internal
affairs.
Suppose the Legislature of a State should
provide that no-person should be a witness in
a criminal case who was under twelve years
of age, except where the witness offered was
a negro, in which case he should be of the age
of fourteen years. Here would be a clear dis-
crimination on account of color, and however
much the policy of such a law might be ques-
tioned or discussed, yet it seems to me that no
one can seriously question the right of the
States to adopt such legislation. But, sir, not
only the members of the Legislature who should
vote for the passage of such a law, but the
judges who under their convictions of duty and
oath of office, should administer_ it, would be
liable to arrest, trial, and conviction in the
courts of the United States, and exposed to
suffer imprisonment for one year, and to pay
a fine of $1,000. An exceedingly "civil"
act, indeed. A State may in its discretion
believe it necessary for the best interests of
its people, in relation to certain crimes com-
mitted by a colored man, to impose upon
him a "different" punishment from that im-
posed upon a white citizen ; but here also this
law steps in and rudely thrusts aside the laws
of the State, and subjects both those who en-
acted, as well as those who' enforce the State
law, to the penalties already described.
Other examples of the interference of this
law with the local legislation of the States,
could be cited to show how it invades the re-
served rights of the States, and centralizes
power in the Federal Government, but it is
unnecessary, as they will readily suggest them-
selves to the mind of every man who will con-
sider this question. And the cases arising under
this act are to be tried in the courts of the Uni-
ted States. Thus the State courts are to be
deprived of hearing and determining contro-
versies, growing out of that vast field of ques-
tions embraced in the class of rights described
in this act, between the inhabitants of the same*
State, or, it may be, of the same county. And
to enforce these extraordinary provisions the
President is required to have always at hand a
reserved military force.
The ninth section provides:
"That whenever the President of the "United States
shall have reason to believe that offenses have been,
or are likely to bo committed against the provisions
of this act withinany judicial district, itshall bolaw-
fitl for hiin, in his discretion, to direct thejudge, mar-
shal, and district attorney of such district to attend
at such place within the district and forsuch time as
"be may designate, for the purpose of the more speedy
arrest and trial of persons charged with a violation
of this act."
So we are to have a traveling court, going
around from one neighborhood to another, to
look after such persons as are likely to commit
offenses against the provisions of this wonder-
ful act; and as if to stimulate the swarms of
deputies who are authorized by this law to be
created to make arrests, they are to be paid by
the United States the sum of five dollars for
each arrest they may make, with such other
fees as may be deemed reasonable by the com-
missioner for additional services.
And for whom are all these strange and ex-
traordinary powers to be exerted? Notforthe
white men and women of this country. No,
sir; the rights of the States are to be thus in-
vaded, the legislative and judicial departments
of the States are to be stricken down at the feet
of Federal power, because the people of the
States may not, in the civil rights and immu-
nities enumerated in this act, be willing to place
the negro race on a perfect equality with them-
selves.
Well may the President say, as he has said
in that most able and unanswerable document
containing his objections to this measure, that
" In all our history, in all our experience as a peo-
ple living under Federal and State law, no such sys-
tem as that contemplated by the details of this bill
has ever before been proposed or adopted. They
establish for the colored race safeguards which go
infinitely beyond any that the General Government
hns ever provided for the white raeo. In fact, the
discrimination of race and color is by the bill made
to operate in favor of the colored and against the
white race."
And now, let me inquire under what power
delegated in the Constitution you may do all this.
Certainly not under the clause which declares
that "the eitizen-s of each State shall be enti-
tled to all privileges and immunities of citizens
in the several States." This clause has never
before been invoked to sanction such startling
legislation as this, and it seems to me no sound
lawyer would risk his reputation by seriously
asserting that this clause would warrant this
measure. But I believe the power has been
claimed under the second clause of the recent
amendment abolishing slavery.
Now, what is the power contained in that
provision ? It confers upon Congress the power
to enforce the amendment which abolishes sla-
very. It was not the purpose, nor does it in
the least affect, the questions relating to con-
tracts, parties who may sue or be witnesses, or
inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey
real and personal property, for these are sub-
jects which have alwaysbeenregulated and con-
trolled by all the States, both North and South.
The power evidently was intended to enable the
Federal Government to prevent any State, or
the people in any State, from continuing or re-
establishing the institution of slavery ; and if
any of the States, or the people of any of the
States, should attempt to enslave any person,
this clause was intended to give to Congress
the power to prevent such oppression, and to
that end appropriate legislation is authorized.
But, sir, to my mind, it seems perfectly absurd
to claim under this clause, the right to control
the local legislation of the States which regu-
late the questions as to who "shall make and
enforce contracts, sue, be parties and give evi-
dence, inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and
convey real and personal property.'' The States
have always exercised exclusive jurisdiction
over these questions, unchallenged and unques-
tioned, and the power to interfere in these mat-
ters has never been granted by the States to the
Federal Government. To enslave a man is one
thing, but for a State by its legislation to refuse
to place the negro upon a perfect equality with
its white men and women, in relation to the
rights enumerated in this act, is quite another
and a different thing, and one which must be left
to the sound discretion of the States. This
Congress has no more constitutional right to
interfere with the local legislation of the States
on the subjects embraced in this act than it has
to regulate an eclipse of the sun.
Sir, I am not the enemy of the colored race.
Heaven knows that I have not the least unkind
or ill feeling toward them ; and while I shall,
as a citizen of Ohio, steadily oppose conferring
upon the negro the right of suffrage^ I shall
alwaysencourage, and be gratified to witness, a
wise and liberal policy practiced toward them
by the several States.
I have no doubt but that the generous and
patriotic sentiments expressed by Alexander
H. Stephens in his speech of the 2'2d February
last, not only express the views of the people
of his State, but of a majority of the people of
all the States, in which this population is found.
In that speech, speaking of the colored race,
he said:
" In legislation, therefore, under the new system,
you should look to the best interests of all classes
—their protection, security, advancement, and im-
provement. physically, intellectually, and morally.
All obstacles, if there should bo any, should be re-
moved, which can possibly hinder or retard the im-
provement of the blacks to the extent of their capa-
city. All proper aid should be given to their own
efforts. Channels of education should be opened up
to them. Schools and tbe usual means of moial and
intellectual training should be .encouraged among
them. This is the dictate, not only of what is right
and proper and just in itself, but, it is also the prompt-
ings of the highest considerations of interest. It is
difficult to conceive a greater evil or curse that could
befall our country, stricken and distressed as it now
ig, than for so large a portion of its population as
this class will quite probably constitute among us
hereafter, to be reared in ignorance, depravity, and
vice."
But, sir, if the Federal Government may
thus invade and control the legislation of the
States, in regard to their laws regulating the
civil rights enumerated in this act, what is to
restrain it from regulating all other legislation
of the States? You have just as much power
to regulate and control the laws of the States
relating to marriage, divorce, dower, alimony,
common schools, the assessment and collection
of taxes, as you have to regulate the laws re-
lating to the several matters contained in this
law. Nay, more than this, by the exercise of
