1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
propose to remit all the internal duties upon
this commodity, and also to take oft' tile duty
on its transportation. If this is to be done, 1
am opposed to taxing the fuel of the country.
I am opposed to it, for another reason. The
bill now before us will give us all the advan-
tages which we enjoyed under the reciprocity
treaty, and for which we gave a free list, em-
bracing twenty-eight articles. This hill will
change the tariff of 18(54 in only a very slight
degree. It proposes to put into the l'ree list
only two articles which are not there already.
It will increase the duty on two articles, tallow
and barley, and slightly decrease it on live ar-
ticles, fish, lumber, potatoes, seed, and coal.
The placing of two articles in the free list and
the reduction of the ditty on live others is all
that we give under this bill for the continued
enjoyment of the advantages which we have
had under the reciprocity treaty. 11'that treaty
gave us any advantages which compensated us
for that long free list. I submit to the House
whether we ought not to he willing io give for
the same advantages the very moderate return
K'oposed by this bill. 1 also submit to the
ouse whether the article of coal should not,,
as suggested by the Committee of Ways and
Means go into the free list with firewood—
whether the fuel of the country ought not to
forego the advantage of protective duties, pro-
vided it is exempted from theburdens of inter-
nal taxation'.'
Mr. P. THOMAS. Mr. Cli.iinnan, T desire
10 say that I shall vote very cheerfully for the
proposition submitted by the eliaiiman of the
Committer on Appropriations, | Mi. Stkvkxn,]
because it does not conflict in the slightest de-
gree with the purpose which f have ill view.
I accord very fully with all the arguments of
that gentleman. I am willing to vote to amend
the section, and shall then vote to si rike out the
section thus amended.
The principal purpose which I had in view
in rising was to respond to the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. (!.\i;rini,i>.] We
have hoard calculations about the amount, of
income derived liom the lax upon the coal in-
terests of (he country; and it has been asserted
by the gentleman from Ohio that with the
amount of revenue thus derived we might pur-
chase nearly the whole of the coal imported
from the lintish Provinces, Sir, isthatafair,
illegitimate modi- of treating this question'.'
What we are lo consider, in legislating upon
questions of this sort, is not. (he present, but.
the future, ot tin* country. Was not a similar
argument used with gieat effect when (he cot-
ton iuleiesl of I he South was in its infancy,
■« hen a thousand pounds of cotton was the sole,
pioduct. of a section ol couuhy which in recent
years, prior to tin; mad infatuation of the oecu
pants ol that section, yielded three million
bales?
f need not dwell upon this theme. It, is the
mere a b c ol all the learning on this subject
of tariff and protection. Interests of this char-
acter demand in their incipieucv the fostering
care of the < lovemmenl,, not with a view to the'
present, hut. with reference Io their future bear-
ings upon the destiny of the country. And,
sir, 1 hesitate not toailiun that no interest in
this countrj has so vital and momentous a
bearing on our hilare population, our future
wealth, our national independence, as this very
coal interest lo which I have adverted. Why,
sir, to what can (Jreat Britain trace her present,
commanding posirion among the nations of the
world - I a what can she tiuce her \ast domin-
ions embracing so huge a paitof'tho habitable
globe? To her manufacturing interest at home,
based upon the coal mines of Cornwall and
other sections. Tf Great Britain had heeded
such arguments as have been ure'ed here to-day,
and had failed to extend a fostering and cher-
ishing care to her coal interests as the founda-
tion of her navy, as the foundation of her man-
ufactures, and those manufactures the founda-
tion of an immense commerce, we should not
have witnessed to-day that overpowering em-
pire which has so long been the admiration of
toe civilized world.
What has been done within'the compass of
the coal regions of England can be done here.
What has been done there under her institutions
would be more than accomplished under our
beneficial institutions. There are in Manches-
ter, Leeds, Birmingham, Liverpool, millions
of people, every one of whom would be thrown
out of employment to-morrow if her coal-beds
were exhausted.
But I will not go further into that subject.
It is only necessary to take the position so well
fortified by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. LYNCH. At the request of the gentle-
man from Ohio I withdraw my amendment, on
condition he renews it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, I only rise to say the distinguished gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. P. Thomas] has
utterly misunderstood and misapprehended my
remarks. It was far from my purpose to dis-
parage the extent and importance of the coal
interest.. On.the contrary, 1 hold it to be one
of the largest interests of the country. I know
we have more coal than all other countries put
together, so far as has yet been developed.
Mr. F.THOMAS. 1 misunderstood the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. What 1 said was, the coal
interest opposing our coal interest was small.
I said that the revenue from our coal of six
cents per toll would pay within one quarter of
the entire value of the coal brought from the
Canadas. It, seems to me, therefore, when that
interest has thrived for ton years under free
trade with Canada it can now survive fifty cents
as a protective tariff. I withdraw the amend-
ment,
Mr. I<\ THOMAS. I misunderstood th e whole
compass of the gentleman's speech. It. is im-
possible for gentlemen in five minutes 
_ Mr. MORRILL. Iniovethatthecommitt.ee
rise (o close debate.
Mr. KELLUY. Permit me to reply to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. KI5LLEY. Mr. Chairman, it was the
misfortune of the House, and it will be a mis-
fortune to the country if his argument prevail,
that I he gentleman from Ohio [Mr. O-AKFiEunJ
was absent from the House when the discussion
of this subject took place on Wednesday. Like
the chairman of the Committ.ee of Ways and
Means, he does not distinguish between bitu-
minous and anthracite coal. He says Penn-
sylvania pays more than six hundred and forty-
lour thousand dollars of internal revenue (in
her coal. The next. Stale paid $('.0,000, and
Maryland only some forty thousand dollars.
\et Maryland is as rich in bituminous coal as
Pennsylvania, but the reciprocity treaty has
prevented (he working of her mines. Penn-
sylvania paid on her anthracite coal which
is not. touched by this bill. The arguments
of the gentleman on the provisions of this
hill do nothing to protoct American industry.
They are operative only against the colonists.
The provisions of the bill simply give Eng-
land a greater advantage over her American
Provinces than she now enjoys but do not pro-
tect our miners. While competing with her
Provinces which are sending bituminous coal
into our country free of duty under the so-
called reciprocity treaty, she could send in one
ton to every two sent to New York or any State
east, thereof. She has poured in her coal and
will continue to pour it in upon us, notwithstand-
ing the fact that she pays$l 25 per ton and the
colonies send it free of duty. Even now, English
coal goes into New Orleans, when they ought
to get their supply from Missouri. How does
she do it? It is carried as ballast in her cotton-
vessels, and being delivered free, or almost free
of freight, closes the market which Kentucky,
Tennessee, and Missouri ought to supply at
the mouth of the Mississippi. The question is
one in which every laboring man in the country
is interested.
Sir. du KeHtlumcii wish to reduce the eoiliors
of our country to the condition of those of
England? The blackest page of the shame of
England is the report of th'e parliamentary
committee to inquire into the condition of her
colliers and mine laborers. It proclaims the
fact that naked men and women, ay, naked
men and women, were indiscriminately har-
nessed to boxes, which they dragged through
passages so narrow that they must crawl on
their hands and knees to bring the coal to where
it might be deposited in cars that could be
drawn by quadrupeds. It showed that men and
women were thus employed who had never
heard that God was the name of a being, and
others that knew not that He had a Son whom
the Christian world revered as its Redeemer. It
proved that many of them were not only hat-
loss, but were regardless of the commonest
proprieties of life, and knew not the moral value
of clothing. It showed that among the laborers
in the mines of England and Wales there
was no distinction between the sexes, and that
many of the children born and reared there
had no means of knowing or guessing who their
paternal parents were. I beg leave, limited as
my time is, to ask gentlemen whether they
desire to bring the laboring people of the
United States to a condition like that. I ask
them to pause, and especially do I ask the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who
represents a district in which there are col-
lieries, to pause before he says American
labor shall not be protected against the com-
petition of people who are content with the
wages and life of the people described in that
report.
Mr. MORBILL. What do the colliers
receive?
Mr. KELLEY. If I had the parliamentary
report I could speak exactly about it. It is
years since I read it, and I do not carry all the
minflfe facts in my mind ; but I believe 1 have
faithfully depicted the condition of these people
as reported to Parliament by the commission
it raised to make the inquiry.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Raymond re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
bill ol the House (No. 837) regulating trade
with the British North American possessions,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Bl'iSTXHSS FOR TO-iHOltnoW.
Sir. STEVENS. I should like to have a
session for business to-morrow. [Several Mem-
ii bus, '• oh, no."] There seems to be objection
to that, and I will therefore ask that to-morrow
be devoted, as Saturdays have been lately, to
the discussion of the President's message as in
Committee on the Whole.
No objection was made.
Mr. SJEVENS. Let me give notice now,
that next week I shall ask the House to hold
evening sessions for business.
REPORT O.N IJUHU RATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of State, transmitting, in compliance
with the act of July 4, 180-1, a report of the
Commissioner of Immigration, on the expend-
itures, &c. since the establishment of the
bureau; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending section, and the amend-
ment thereto, of the bill now before the com-
mittee, terminate in one minute after the com-
mittee shall resume the consideration of the
same.
The motion was agreed to.
TRADE WITH BRITISH AMERICA AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rules
bw suspssded, and that the House resolve itself
