I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3223
interested in the matter. The resolution is
very short, and I presume there will be no
objection to it. I ask for its present consid-
eration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. it. No. 108) for the relief of Samuel Nor-
ris was read the second time and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
refer buck to the Court of Claims, for exam-
ination and allowance, the claim ot Samuel
Norris. of California, for supplies furnished
the Indians in that State under contracts made
with certain commissioners, or either of them,
to negotiate treaties with those Indians, and
all papers relating thereto, with instructions to
the court that in fixing the amount to be paid
to the claimant the rule shall be the actual
value of the supplies furnished at the times
and places of delivery, of which due proof
shall be made by the claimant.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana, what is the siguilicance
of the phrase "for examination and allow-
ones '
Mr. BUCKALEW. The object of this res-
olution is to authorize the court to allow the
claim. They were satisfied of its justice, but
they reported against the legal obligation of
the Government. This is simply to permit the
court to pass upon the merits of the case and
pay the party the actual value of the supplies
furnished.
Mr. MORRILL. Is it thought that the
phrase "allowance'' is necessary to confer
jurisdiction?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The object is to remove
the legal bar which the court, reported in the
former ease; and the allowance of this claim is
in accordance with two or three allowances by
act of Congress.
Mr. MOHRILL. I do not object to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that the report
of the Committee on Indian Affairs in this ease
be printed in order that it may be accessible to
the members of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN REGISTERS TO VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up
Senate joint resolution No. 1(M.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. K)4) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue American regis-
ter's to the barks Marge,t and Golden Fleece,
was read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the baik Marget, ot the collec-
tion district of the port of New York, it being
a Prussian-built vessel, but now owned by an
American citizen ; and also to issue an Amer-
ican register to the bark Golden Fleece, for-
merly of New Haven, Connecticut.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
IIOrST! BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (II. It. No. 1-56) to amend the ninth
section of the act entitled An act to increase
the pay of soldiers in the United States Array,
and for other purposes"—to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. R- No. 474) for the relief of John
C. McForran of the United States Army—to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 540) in relation to claims
for horses turned over to the Government—to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 041) for the relief of Charles
M. Stout, late a second lieutenant in company E,
seventh regiment Pennsylvania Reserve corps
—to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A bill (II. It. No. 080) for the relief of cer-
tain officers in the volunteer service who failed
to make proper returns of stores and other pub-
lic property—to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (II. R. No. 681) for the relief of Celes-
tia P. Hart—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (II. R. No. 0S2) for the relief of Cap-
tain John J. Young, of the United States Navy
—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 084) granting a pension to
Mrs. Mary A. McManus, widow of Captain
Andrew McManus, late ofthe sixty-ninth Penn- '
sylvania volunteer infantry—to the Committee j
on Pensions. I
A joint resolution (TI. R. No. 79) authoriz- '
ing the Secretary of the Interior to settle (he
accounts of William A. West, as marshal of the
Territory of Nebraska—to the Committee on
'Territories.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 101) for the
relief of Captain A. B. Dyer—to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 102) for the
relief of Charles M. Blake—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 10.",) for the
relief of Joseph Parkins—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 101) for the
relief of Fontaine I1. Fox, jr.—to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
HYDUOOKAPIIIO OFFICU.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 174) to establish a hydrographic
office in the Navy Department, which was in
section three, line two, after the word "sec-
tion" to strike out the following words:
And tli.it the sum of $15,000 be, and is hereby, ap-
propriated out ot any moneys ill the Trca°uiy not
otherwise appropriated for the objects hereinbefore
recited in this and the preceding sections.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
WEST VIRGINIA MILITARY CLAIMS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 230) to reimburse the Slate of
West Virginia for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pay-
ing militaiy forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion. The first amendment was on page
1, section one, lino five, to strike out the
words "a commissioner'' and insert the words
"three commissioners."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. All the other amend-
ments are consequential on the first amend-
ment, and I move that the Senate concur in
them as they arc read.
The next amendment was on the same page,
line one, to strike out the word "commis-
sioner" and to insert "commissioners."
Tlic amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on the same page,
in section three, line three, to strike out " com-
missioner" and insert "commissioners."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on the same page,
in section four, line two, to strike out "com-
missioner" and insert "commissioners."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on the same page,
in section five, line two,.to strike out "com-
missioner" and insert "commissioners."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on the same page,
in the same section, line four, to strike out
"he" and insert "they."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These amendments are
all of the same character, and I see no neces-
sity for reading them.
The PRESIDENT j-irofenpore. Itisproper
that they should be read, in the opinion of the
Chair. It would not be proper to call on the
Senate to act on the amendments without hay-
ing them read, unless a motion be made to that
effect.
The next amendment was on page 3, section
six, line one, to strike out "commissioner"
and to insert "'commissioners."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in the same section,
line three, to strike out "his" and insert
"their;" and in line four to strike ont "he"
and insert " they."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 3, in sec-
tion six, line six, to strike out the words "he"
and "his" and insert in lieu thereof the words
"they" and "their."
'The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on the same page,
section six, line eight, to strike out "he" and
insert " they."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on the same page,
in line nine of section six, to strike out the
word " his" and insert the word "their."
The amendment was concurred in.
APPROVAL Oi' HILLS.
A message from the President of the United
Stales, by Mr. Cooi'KK, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 10t,h instant, the following act and joint
resolutions:
An act (S. No. 328) for the relief of Mrs.
Abigail Ryan;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 61) respecting
bounties to colored soldiers, and the pensions,
bounties, and allowances to their heirs ; and
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 60) making an
appropriation to enable the President to nego-
tiate treaties with certain Indian tribes.
EDWARD ST. CLAIR CLARKE.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
2S3.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 288) for the relief of Edward St. Clair
Clarke was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs that
in the settlement of the accounts of Edward
St. Clair Clarke, as assistant paymaster United
States Navy, there shall be allowed him the
the sum of $4,022 on account of the loss of that
amount of public funds in his hands, by theft,
on the niglit of the 9th of May, 1863, the loss
being without neglect or fault on his part.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
i'RANCIS S. LYON.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL the Senate,
as in Committee of the "ft hole, proeee_ded-to
consider the bill (S. No. 873) releasing^ to
Francis S. Lyon the interest of the United
States in certain lands. It proposes to release
and confirm any interest which the LTnited
States have in the lands described in a deed
executed bj* Wager Swayne, assistant commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Freedmen and Aban-
doned Lands, in the State of Alabama, to Fran-
cis S. Lyon, bearing date February 3, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 317, relating to the Pacific railroad.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Michigan if he would not be willing to yield to
another motion. The bill which he now calls
