1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
into Committee of the Whole otfthe state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
oi tlig Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
iM.raosD m the chair,) and resumed the eon-
siaeration of House bill No. 337, regulating
trade with the British North American pos-
sessions.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely desire to say that
1 am informed by gentlemen of this House that
men who own a large amount of capital in coal
mines have received extravagant dividends for
the last few years, and will receive them, even
it this bill shall pass. ^ I am also informed that
there is a greater price paid for the labor of
common colliers than that received by men of
education or skilled artisans.
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed by the
House for debate upon this section lias expired.
The question being upon the amendment
ottered by Mr. Steve.ys, it was put: and there
were—ayes Gl, noes -18.
Mr. MORIilLL. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Steyexs
and Morrill were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 66, noes 58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion
of Mr. I. Thojus, to strike out the whole para-
graph in relation to coal.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I have been asked by so
many gentlemen who have given friendly votes
upon this question, to withdraw that motion,
that I vr ill do so. I now withdraw that motion.
Mr. DARLING. I move, pro forma, to
strike out on line live the words u to say."
1 am opposed entirely to all the provisions
of this bill. Canada has not, neither lias the
mother country, commended herself to our
special regard or consideration. If Canada
wants any protection atour hands let her come
under the protection of the stars and stripes,
which protect the interests of all who owe it
allegiance and respect its power. I withdraw
my motion.
_ Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike out from line
six to line eleven, on page '2, inclusive, as fol-
lows:
On In moor, hemlock and spruce, round or sided,
one half cent per euhic ioot; when hewn square,
three fourths oi oneccnt percubioi'oot; when.sawed,
and valued at seven dollars or less per thousand, one ,
dollar per thousand feet; when valued at over seven |
dollars per thousand, two dollars per thousand feet.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
On lumber,hemlock,round, split,or sided, onohalf
cent per cubic foot; when hewn square, three quar-
ters of one cent per cubic foot; when sawed, one dol-
lar per thousand feet.
On lumber, spruce, round, split, or sided, one half
cent per cubic toot; when hewn square, three fourths
of one cout per cubic toot; when sawed, two dollars
per thousand feet.
1 offer this amendment with the assent of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means ; it only makes it more specific.
Mr. MORIULL. Allow me to say that per-
sonally I have no objection to this amendment,
but it has not received the sanction of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BLAINE. I referred only to the gen-
tleman, not to the committee. As the provision
reads now, it puts hemlock and spruce timber
together and subjects them to the same duty.
The question being on Mr. Blaise's amend-
ment,
Mr. ELD RIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blaise
and Bi.dridge were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 65, noes 35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Raymond reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly ihe bill of the
House (No. 837) "regulating trade with the
British North American possessions," and had
come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
twenty-five minutes to five o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Tte following petitions, &c.,were presented under
the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Mrs. Aimira H.
Ihompson, for compensation for servioes in military
hospitals in Missouri, Tennessee, Arkansas, Louisi-
ana, and the comfort and care of sick and wounded
men ot the Army of the United States.
Also, the petition of Charles Colburn, for compen-
sation for service in tho Navy.
By Mr. BOUT WELL: The petition of Marlboro
savings .bank, asking for a reduction of tax.
By Mr LliADY: The petition of G-arrett & Co.,
and 51 others, proprietors of and laborers at Union
I urn ace, Lawrence county, Ohio, for an increase of
the tariS to promote tho industry and production of
the country.
Also, the petition of 4G others, from the same place,
on the same subject.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of John ,T. Blair and
Lucius b. Cracke, praying the passage of an act to
make a certain bridge over the Mississippi river at
Clinton, Iowa, a postal route and highway of tho
united Suites.
By Mr. DELANO: The memorial of Henry Home,
of Macon, Georgia, for relief and rcmuneiation for
money loaned to a Rev. Father Wholan. a. Catholic
priest, who expended tile same in ministering to tho
sick and wounded soldiers of the United States Army
in the Andersonvillecarap of prisoners.
By Mr. DJSMLVTG: The petition of United States
assessorsforfirstcoiigressionaldistrict of Connecticut,
for increased pay.
By Mr. <xAR L'TELD: The petition of mechanics
and laborers of "Xoung^town, Ohio, for an increase
of tariff so as to protect labor to the extent of tho
difference of the cost of capital and labor here and
abroad, with the addition of the taxes paid by Amer-
ican industrial products from which the foreign are
free.
By Mr. IIOOPER, of Massachusetts rTho petition
of the Institution of Havings in Canton, Massachu-
setts, for relief fiom the tax on their deposits.
Also, the memorial of the Board of Trade of the
city of Boston, Massachusetts, in aid of the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the city of San Fran-
cisco, California, for an appropriation iortho removal
of llineon and Blossom rock* in the harbor -*f San
Krancl^co.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa: The petition of 89
citizens of Marshall county, Iowa, asking Congress
m>t to restore any State that hasrebelled and warred
a?ainst the United States to its place and power in
the Union till adequate security has been obtained
against its renewing the attempt to seeedo; against
its being represented in Congress bevond its ju*t pro-
portion according to its voting population; against
any payment for debt incuricd in rebellion ur lor its
emancipated slaves; and aprainst any distinction in
it.- constitution, laws, or municipal regulations on
account of color or descent.
By Mr. INUEIi^OLL: Tho petition of .Tames L.
Short, Jamos W. Oarppnter, «J. II. Alev. and 30 ot hers,
citizens of Galcsburg, Illinois, praying for a law reg-
ulating inter-State insurance.
By Mr. J E^CIvES: The petition of Providence In-
stitution for Savings, for amendment of internal rev-
enue act.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of 5 officers of the
United States Army, praying for an increase of pay
adequate to meet their necessities.
Also, the memorial of 150 citizens of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, praying for an amendment in
tho tariff laws so as to protect tho labor of this
country to the extent of the difference of the cost of
capital and labor here and abroad, with the addition
of the taxes paid-by American industrial products
from which the foreign are free.
Also, the memorial of 51 inhabitants of Wilming-
ton. Delaware, respectfully but earnestly entreating
your honorable body to adopt such a proposed amend-
ment of the United States Constitution; to be pre-
sented to the several States for ratification, as will
forever prevent every State from making any dis-
tinction in civil rights and privileges among the nat-
uralized citizens ol the United States residing within
its limits, or among persons bom on its soil, on ac-
count of race, color, or descent.
Also, the memorial of 31 paper manufacturers and
dealers and stationers, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, respectfully protesting asrainst the passage of
a bill now before your honorable body, which" em-
powers the "Postmaster General to sell btamyed
envelopes at the value of the stamps impress!
thereon:" that, the effect of second section of the pro-
posed law, if passed by the Congress of the United
States, would be a great pecuniary loss to tho Gov-
ernment of this country, a manifest, iniusticc to a
large and important branch of national industry, and
a detriment to the entire people of this Republic.
Also, the memorial of 22 paper manufacturers and
doalers and stationers, of Philadelphia county, Penn-
sylvania, respectfully protest ingagnmstthepassage of
abillnow before your honorable body which empowers
the " Postmaster General to sell stamped envelopes at
th e value of the stamps impressed thereon;" that the
effect of second section of the proposed law, if passed
by theCongress of the United States,would beagreat
pecuniary loss to the Government of this country, a
manifesi injustice to alarge and important branch of
national industry, and a detriment to the entire peo-
ple of this Repabiic.
Also, the memorial of 37 paper manufacturers and
dealers andstationers, of Philadelphia county, Penn-
sylvania, respectfully protesting against tho passage
oi a foiii now before your honorable body which em-
powers the Postmaster General to sell stamped «n-
Y£l0£is at the value of the stamps impressed thereon.;"
if ssgtioiiof the proposed lam
if passed by tho Congress of theUnited States, wouldf
loss to the Government of this
country, a manifest injustice to a large and important'
branch of national industry, and a detriment to the
entire people of this Republic.
By Mr. LOAN: The petition of Isaac H. Sturgeon,
president of the North Missouri Railroad Company-
George Taylor, president of the Missouri and Pacific
Railroad Company; Thomas L. Price, of the Union
Pacific -Railroad Company, and others, asking that
iron used for the construction of iron railroad bridges
may bo exempted from all custom and excise
duties.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of Isaac W. Harts-
horn, and over 90 others, citizens and tax-payers of
Yates county. New York, protesting against a renewal
of the so-called recmrocity treaty with Canada.
By Mr. 3STBLACIC: Ihcpetitionof Levi Ferguson,
late captain in the one hundred and forty-sixth regi-
mentof Indiana volunteers, praying for an allowanco
ot three months' extra pay.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Jacob Senneff,
praying for an extension of his patent for making
noddles.
Also, petitions, signed by 319 citizens of Philadel-
phia, praying that Congress may adopt at its present
session an amendment to the Constitution providing
lor a ratio of representation based upon the number
of voters of the several States, instead of, as at pres-
ent, upon the whole population; and after the adop-
tion oi such an amendment, that its ratification by
the people of the seceded States shall be one of tho
conditions precedent to their readmission to the
Union.
Also, petitions, numerously signed by mechanics,
workmgmen, and operatives in the Continental mills
and Maanyunk mills, Philadelphia, praying for fur-
ther increase of duties on imports so as to protect
American manufactures.
By Mr. BICE, of Massachusetts: Tho petition of
officers of the Boston Penny Savings Bank, for exemp-
tion from tax on deposits in that institution.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition ot Otis Guild,
and others, citizens of Ohio, asking that the surviving
soldiers of tho war of 1812 bo placed on the pension
list.
By Mr. STE VENS: The petition of citizens of Lan-
caster comity, Pennsylvania, praying for a mailroute
from < ordonsviIle to intercourse.
By M r. V, A. SI LIU' UN k, of Illinois: Xhepetitionof
women of Jo Daviess county, Illinois, praying Con-
gress "in order to simplify the machinery of Govern-
ment and insure domestic tranquillity, that you legis-
late hereafter lor persons, citizens, tax-payers, and
not for cla«s or castc." ,
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
the citizens of Oswego, in the county of Potter, Penn-
sylvania, praying Cong'-ess to propose an amendment
to tho Constitution of the United States, to be pre-
sented to thcscvcral States for ratification, as will
forever prevent every State from making any dis-
tinction in civil rights and privileges among the natu-
ralized citizen" of the United States residing within
its limits, or amone persons born on its soil, on account
of race, color, or descent.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 10, 1806.
Tlie House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House,
no business is in order to-day except debate
as in Committee of the Whole upon the Presi-
dent' s annual message, upon which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Oiith] is entitled to the
floor.
TttUE BASIS OF ltECONSTRTTOTION.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, the rebellion,
which so recently convulsed our beloved coun-
try like an earthquake, has ceased, so far as it
manifested itself in armed hostility, but, like
the earthquake in the material world, its rever-
berations still remain. The ground on which we
tread is unsteady; we feel its motion; it may
be only the undulations which follow the shock,
or it may be (which God forbid) the premoni-
tory symptoms of another visitation.
Man cannot control the material fbvees of
nature; these are beyond his wisdom and his
power; but the virtue and patriotism of the
American people may so control and fashion
the political elements of the country as to pre-
vent a recurrence of the horrid scenes which
are so vividly impressed upon our memories.
The people, under our form of government, can
only a«t through their agents, to whom for the
time being they have confided their political
power, and from whom they expect, and have
