240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
understand Mm, that if he applies the same
principle hero, it will work as impartially as_
it would when applied to Massachusetts ?
Mr. KASSON. I can hardly say, if the gen-
tleman asks me as to the details of the appli-
cation of the provision in this District. I only
know that there is a larger portion here who
cannot read and write than in Massachusetts.
Mr. LYNCH. Th6 point is this: that be-
fore the adoption of the constitutional amend-
ment, all, both white and black, voted, so that
the operation of that amendment was equally
upon whites and blacks ; but its adoption here
would operate only on one class.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman probably does
not observe the whole clauseofthe Constitution.
When adopted it did not apply to those who at
that time wore allowed to vote; only to those
■who should subsequently be allowed to vote.
Here it would operate in the future on both
classes.
Mr. LYNCH. I understand that; but at that
time whites and blacks had the right to vote, so
that it included both classes alike. But the
adoption of this provision will only exclude
those who had a right to vote here, namely, the
whites. It would not operate impartially on the
blacks.
Mr. KASSON. I do not recollect what the
qualification was at the time the gentleman re:
rers to. I only say that the good sense and
wisdom of Massachusetts finally called for the
adoption of this provision, and that we, who
used to be in the minority in this country for
many years, have always asserted that, were it
not for the ignorance that always wont with the
other party, we should have got into power a
great deal earlier than wo did.
I wish also to state one other thing in refer-
ence to this same question. Some gentlemen
are of the opinion that if we give universal suf-
frage to those people they arc always going to
vote with us, and we shall always control their
votes. There is no greater absurdity in the
world than that we can continue to control that
vote. The blacks will vote in accordance with
their interests. If their employer is a man
whose property is affected by the legislation
proposed—whether it be in relation to taxing
cotton or other raw material as against manu-
factures, or whatever else—the interest of the
colored man would be identical with that of his
employer; so that the interests of the t wo would
become identified in a political party in all the
policy of the country. So convinced was I of
it that, in a debate in which 1 took part in the
State of Kentucky on this subject, 1 asserted
that ill live years from this time the very men
who would then be the employers instead of the
owners of these black men would themselves
be advocating the extension of the suffrage, be-
cause they would control the votes of the blacks,
their interests being the same,
I believe that the planting interest through-
out the South will yet—if we leave them free
to act by construing the Constitution as I con-
tend it ought to he construed, instead of taking
to Congress the right to regulate the matter-
be advocating the extension of the suffrage to
the black race, because their interests will re-
quire it.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus stated the general
propositions by which I stand, and which, I
think, ought, to some extent at least, to guide
the^ judgment of the House. 1 am happy to
believe, from developments already made, that
the majority of this House are indisposed to
apply universal suffrage, without restriction of
any kind, in this District or elsewhere. I am
also happy to believe that it is a proposition
likely to meet with favor, that those who left the
District and took part in the rebellion should
be excluded Irom the government of the .Dis-
trict. Let amendments be made to the bill in
this sense, and justice will be done.
I have spoken from a profound and con-
scientious conviction that this principle of
universal suffrage could only be advocated
by those who were ignorant of the actual con-
dition of the black race, or else reckless of the
effect it is likely to produce upon the perma-
nence of our institutions. I have desired, in
my humble way, to urge upon them the propri-
ety of admitting the race by degrees to exercise
with us the right of suffrage, that we may test
their action under the influences by which they
are now and will hereafter be surrounded, ex-
tending the privilege only as education and fit-
ness qualify them for the exercise of the great
right that stands at the foundation of our Gov-
ernment.
Mr. JULIAN obtained the floor.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a personal explanation.
Mr. JULIAN. I will yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
No objection was made.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I think it due to
myself, I think it due to this House, I think it
due to the country generally, and to the State
of "Iowa particularlj', that I should make a plain
statement of facts in reference to one part of
my colleague's speech.
It will be remembered by this House that a
few days since, during the course of the speech
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Boyish,] 1 stated that the people of the State
•of Iowa had recently had the question of negro
suffrage before them, and had decided in favor
of negro suffrage. Now, to-day, my colleague,
in his speech, takes issue with that and raises
a question of veracity, and it is that question
that I propose to settle in a very few moments.
My colleague read to you the resolution of
the Republican convention of the State of Iowa,
and read it correctly. Upon that resolution
there was'a discussion in the convention, some
weak-backed Republicans being very fearful
that we should lose the State if we passed such
a resolution and wont to the country upon it.
Now, I want to state most explicitly and posi-
tively that the Republican party of Iowa went
before the people of that State at the election
for Governor and other officers upon that plat-
form, definitely, distinctly, and positively made.
I want to state, also, in connection with that
fact, that the other parly—not the Democratic
party, because they ignored all claim to Democ-
racy ; the otherparty—made up ofthe Democratic
party and Republicans who did not like negro
suffrage, placed upon their ticket, not a Demo-
crat; no, sir; not a sympathizer with the rebel-
lion ; no, sir ; they placed upon their ticket Col-
onel Thomas II. Ronton, jr., a Republican, a
man who had just come out of the war; and they
placed him there simply and entirely because lie-
was opposed to negro suffrage. They did not
dare run a Democrat upon that ticket; they did
not dare run any one but a man who wan squarely
and positively opposed to negro suffrage. I
must say for him that, morally, he is as good a
man probably as we have in the State of Iowa;
intellectually ho is at least the equal of the man
by whom he was beaten ; and everybody in the
State of Jowa knows, and if my colleague does
not know it then he must not know what is going
on in Iowa, that he was beaten on the issue of
negro suffrage. 1 will say this for my colleague,"
if it be an excuse—and perhaps it is due that I
should say it—that lie made it convenient not to
be in the State of Iowa very much during the dis-
cussion c.fthis question. I guess he was not there
at the election. If he was there he can speak.
I will say, also, that he wrote two letters, one
from the plains, during that canvass, one of
which was interpreted to mean anti-negro suf-
frage, taking the ground that if negroes were
allowed to vote in the States where so many
negroes were they would control the white
voters. A sit came nearer election day, and the
hand-writing on the wail became more and more
distinct, then my colleague wrote another letter,
which was interpreted by those who read it and
understood it, as they supposed, to mean a little
more negro suffrage, not quite so anti as the first
letter was, but whether it was for negro suffrage
or not negro suffrage a great many there were in
doubt. It placed them in the condition of the
men who wrote the lines:
"Winding in and winding out,
Tlioy kit the behofder ptitl in doubt
Whether thesnako that made the track
VV n« going south or coming back."
Now, I have not misunderstood this question,
because the House will remember that when
my colleague was making his speech a few min-
utes ago he said that we had forty thousand
majority in Iowa at a certain election, and at
this 'election but sixteen thousand majority. I
am willing to take this evidence on that subject,
and what does it prove? If it proves anything
it proves—and that is wdiat my colleague in-
tended to prove by it—that the question of negro
suffrage being before the people, it reduced the
Republican or Union majority. If it did that,
we had the question before us, and would it
not have been very easy for my colleague to
have answered my plain question and said to
me "yes" or "no?" I gave him his choice
and told him I did not care -Which way he an-
swered.
But there are some men in this world so con-
stituted that they cannot move straight forward
to a certain point. I do not say that such is
the case with any member of this House. I
state it as a general principle. There are some
men so constituted, either by education or by
nature, I do not care which it may be, that they
cannot move straight to any given point, but
they must necessarily go around in a circle,
upon the principle that the farthest way around
is the safest. Now, the fact is, that we did not
lose that majority entirely on the question of
negro suffrage. We lost only between four
and five thousand on the negro suffrage ques-
tion. Butthat question was squarely in the issue
in the late election. In the presidential election,
when the whole vote of the State was brought
out, our majority was about' forty thousand.
At the late election the majority for Governor
was about sixteen thousand, and the balance of
the ticket was a little over twenty thousand ;
the difference being in consequence of this
negro suffrage question.
Now, have I not proved to this House, have
I not proved to my colleague, [Mr. Kassox,]
if he did not know it before, that this question
was before the people of Iowa at the last elec-
tion, and that I was correct when I made the
declaration a few days ago in this House that
we had had the question squarely before us,
and the people of Iowa had pronounced in favor
of negro suffrage by sixteen thousand majority?
My colleague referred to my county in regard
to that vote. Now, in my county they had no
Democratic ticket at all; but the opposition
ticket was headed "Anti-negro suffrage." And
in the third congressional district of the State
of Iowa the Opposition ticket was headed
"White man's ticket." Does not that prove
to every man who wants to look at the matter
squarely and in a common-sense view, that we
had the question squarely before us at that elec-
tion? And yet my colleague could not see it;
could not answer "yes" or "no," when I put
the plain question to him before this House;
could not say whether the question was before
us or not. Yet- every man in the State of Iowa,
with probably the exception of my colleague
from the fifth district, knew that the question
was before us. It was known on all sides, and
stated in all the papers that the election would
be decided on that question, and that the prin-
ciple of negro suffrage was carried by sixteen
thousand majority.
Mr. BOYElt. Will the gentleman fromTowa
[Mr. Price] allow me to ask him a question ?
•Mr. PRICE. Certainly.
Mr. BOYER. Were there no other issues
involved in that campaign beside the one of
negro suffrage?
Mr. PRICE. I answer most explicitly that
so far as the election of Governor was concerned
no other issue was involved directly or indirectly.
I answer that question fairly and squarely. Not
being learned in the law I alwaysanswer "yes"
or "no," or if I cannot do that I back out and-
let some one else answer who can. When I
find I cannot answer "yes" or "no," I begin
to think I do not understand the subject, and
give way to some one who does understand it.
My colleague also refers to a meeting held in
Iowa when I was at home during the holidays.
Well, sir, I cannot help it if the people of the
