1304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
a right to expect, an honest, fearless, and pa-
triotic discharge of duty.
In the contest with treason on the field of
battle they looked with confidence to the sol-
dier, nor did they look in vain. The soldier
met the responsibility, and with steady tread,
whether amid days of gloom and despondency
or of brightening prospects, he pressed forward
to the accomplishment of his mission. He felt
that the eyes of the world were upon him; that
the prayers of the good were offered up for his
encouragement; that to fail in such a cause
was to turn back the dial-plate of time a hun-
dred years; hcnce he pressed on until victory,
thorough and complete in all its parts, crowned
his efforts, and the eagles of the Republic were
everywhere in the ascendent. His work done
and well done, the soldier returned to the ranks
of the citizen, crowned with immortal honors
and welcomed by the plaudits of the country.
Now the work of statesmanship commences.
The terrific contest has loft its traces wide and
deep; thefoundationsof society in the immedi-
ate theater of the war have been broken up;
no such earthquake can shake the land and leave
no marks of desolation; the shock has shattered
and broken some of the majestic columns of
our political edifice; their fragments are visible
to our sight; but though turret and column have
been disturbed, the grand old foundation of the
fathers, laid strong and deep in the principles
of universal!] eedom and humanity .still remains,
ready to receive a superstructure more beauti-
ful in design, more perfect in all its parts; a
superstructure which ilia tlie duty of wise states-
manship to erect.
Upon the members of this House devolves in
a great measure thisresponsiblework. Wo dare
not shrink from the trust without incurring the
just imputation of cowardice, and we cannot
avoid this responsibility if wo aritrue to those
whose voices we speak on this floor.
To gather up and repair the shattered col-
umns, to erect the superstructure in unison with
the great principles of the foundation, and to
harmonize the whole with truth, with justice,
with freedom, ami with humanity in its broad-
est sense, is a labor equal if not superior to any
ever committed to the wisdom and patriotism
of man. If we succeed in this work each one
of us can say, in the language of the Roman
poet, "1 have bnilded a monument more en-
during than brass." If we fail, it can with truth
be said of us, "It were better we had not been
born."
As in the case of the soldier, the people look
to us wiilt confidence ; like I Ik 1 soldier let us
meet (lie responsibility, and amid days of gloom
or of brightening prospects, press forwai <1 to
accomplish our mission, feeling that th  eyes
of the world are upon us ; that the prayers of
the srood are offered in our behalf, and that a
failure here will make of Vieksburgand Donei-
son, ot the Wilderness and Gettysburg, mock-
ing disasters; and the sacrifices of tho Army,
She Navy, and the people, will turn to bitter-
ness and to woe.
The people will not falter in this work how-
over much wo may falter. Our hesitancy, or
blindness, or recreancy, may postpone the final
result, it cannot destroy it.; for let me assure
this House that a people whoso bravery and
sacrifices are. the wonder of the world, will re-
cover from our errors and mistakes as during
the rebellion they recovered from other errors
and mistakes, and will not ceaso their efforts
until throughout the American Republic but
one great law shall be known, recognized, and
enforced for every citizen.
RlfeTORATIOS 01* THE LATE REBEL STATES.
We cannot for any great length of time con-
tinue in the anomalous condition we now oc-
cupy. Sooner or later these States must be
restored to their practical relations in the Union.
Our interestand our duty alike demand it. This
Republic cannot remain long in its present dis-
membered condition, nor will it, in my opin-
ion, remain so for any great length of time.
But we must remember that while time is meas-
ured by days in whatever pertains to individual
man, it is measured by years in the growth,
consolidation, and perfection of nations.
" Make haste slowly" seems to be the voice
of our people, for errors committed now may
require ages to correct: and the builder to whom
is intrusted his part of this " restoration" must
do his work in such a manner that when com-
pleted, not only himself, but the world shall be
able to say, "It is well done."
Before the assembling of Congress nothing
had been done or could be done toward restor-
ing the rebel States, except such action as the
President might take under the war powers of
the Constitution, and this was of course only
provisional in its nature. It was his duty to
protect the people of the sebellious States
(after their surrender) in their social and civil
rights, so far as possible, by the establishment
of military rule, and to advise the people to
initiate the process of civil government.
Thus matters stood at the meeting of Con-
gress. The President had gone to the extent of
his authority, and now Congress must take up
tho work and carry it forward to completion.
No time was lost by either House in entering
upon this work with a calm deliberation befitting
its gravity. Every step taken was traveling in
a now and untried path, tho world's history
furnishing no precedent for our guidance ; and
hence the necessity for greater caution and cir-
cumspection. No time has been lost in col-
lecting evidence and providing upon which
to come to safe conclusions ; and f venture to
affirm that the croakers and maligners of this
Congress will themselves bo astonished at the
magnitude of our work when our actions shall
have passed into history.
We have yet hardly had ninety working days,
a mere speck when compared with the time
which was deemed nccessary to establish our
Government after the treaty of peace with Great
Britain ; and the assertion is made in no spirit
of arrogance that the work now devolving upon
the Government is second only in importance
and difficulty to the work of the fathers.
Whence comes this unmeaning and senseless
clamor for speedy action? Does it come from
the men who stood by the nation during the
five long and bloody years through which we
have at last so triumphantly passed? No, sir!
Nol The clamor comes mainly from those
whose hearts were not on the side of their coun-
try during the war, from those who in solemn
convention at Chicago declared "the war a
failure," who constantly voted against men and
money to prosecute the war, who derided and
scoffed at the soldiers, branding them on all
occasions with the opprobrious epithet of " Lin-
coln hirelings," who sent no cheer to tho sol-
dier in the field or in tho hospital, and who were
continually proclaiming "\ou cannot conquer
the South." Who else are clamorous? L'ho
reconstructed, but I fear, unrepentant rebels,
anxious doubtless to be able soon to strike hands
with their northern sympathizers, who now, as
during the war, are their willing champions.
Congress has no difficulty in coming to the
conclusion whose voice they should obey.
Slowly, surely, deliberately we shall pursue
our work, determined to do it right so far as
wc can, under the providence of God, perceive
the right, regardless of clamor, abuse, or vitu-
peration.
What department is vested with tho power of
reconstruction?
The legislative branch of the General Gov-
ernment is alone clothed with authority to rec-
ognize State governments. This is a proposi-
tion, in view of our constitutional and judicial
history, so clear as hardly to admit of argu-
ment.
The sta'us or condition in which those States
were left by the rebellion was tersely and truly
stated by President Lincoln, when he said,
"We all a: gree that the seceded States are out
of their proper practical relations with the
Union." lie never for a single moment enter-
tained the dangerous dogma1' that those States''
lost nothing by going into rebellion : that "the
war being over, all that is necessary to complete
the Union is to permit the late rebel commu-
nities to send their representatives to Congress,
and no questions shall be asked.'' This conven-
ient doctrine might suit rebels and rebel sym-
pathizers, but loyal men will never give it their
assent.
President Johnson, when called upon .to act
with reference to those States, soon after his
accession to the executive chair, emphatically
declared that the rebellion had deprived the
people of the rebel States "of all civil govern-
ment." I refer to the North Carolina proc-
lamation, in which he uses this language:
"Whereas tho rebellion which has been waged by
a portion of the people of the United States against
the property constituted authorities of the govern-
ment theieof, in the most violentand revoltingform,
but whoso organized and armedforceshave now been
almost entirely overcome, has, in its revolutionary
progress,depiived tho people ol the State of North
Carolina of all civil government/'
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Ortb] allow me to
interrupt him a moment at this point?
Mr. ORTH. Certainly.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
from Indiana has just quoted from the procla-
mation in regard to North Carolina. It is a
carefully prepared state paper issued under the
attest of the Secretary of State, and the lan-
guage of that paper has been seven times re-
peated. It is to be found in every one of the
seven proclamations that have been issued,
reconstructing seven of the States which have
been declared to be in insurrection. The lan-
guage just quoted by my friend embraces the
proposition that the rebellion in its revolution-
ary progress has deprived those States of all
civil governments.
Mr. ORTH. I alluded to tho proclamation
issued to the people of North Carolina simply
because it was the first in the series. I was
aware, that all the other proclamations took the
same position, and it is a position which I ven-
ture to affirm will receive the cool, calm, and
unanimous verdict of approval by the American
people.
The civil governments, then, having been de-
stroyed, how can they be again created, brought
into existence, and restored to their "proper
practical relations with the Union?" Do they
like Minerva spring full grown out of the brain
of some Jupiter, presidential or otherwise, and
is no one to inquire into their paternity and see
whether they come to us legitimately, or are
base-born bantlings whom none bat self-inter-
ested bystanders are willing to acknowledge,
and then merely for the sake of infinite trouble
and mischief? These States are now arising
from the smoke and ashes af the rebellion,
some of them so slowly that their progress is
almost imperceptible, and, claiming to have
reorganized their local constitutions, ask for
recognition and representation.
Who is to examine and decide this claim—
the executive, the judicial, or the legislative
branch of the Government?
The Supreme Court has furnished an answer.
During the Dorr rebellion in Rhode Island,
two State governments had an organized exist-
ence, both claiming to be the work of tho peo-
ple of that State, and questions growing out
of this unsettled condition finally found solu-
tion in the case of Luther vs. Borden, 1 How-"
ard's Reports, page 42, and where the Supreme
Court says:
" Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to ilccide which gOYernment [of the twg set
up in Rhode Island J is the established one, for as the
United States guaranties to eaeh State a repablican
government. Congress must necessarily determine
what government is established in a State before it
can decidc whether it is republican or not. When tho
Senators and Representativesof a State are admitted
into the councils of the Union the authority of tho
government under which they are appointed is recog-
nized by the properconstitirtional authority. And its
decision is binding on every other department ot the
Government."
The duty is thus devolved upon Congress,
and we have rceently by solemn vote declared
to the country that we intend to discharge this
duty in due season, deciding the ease of eaeh
State upon its individual merits.
While in the discharge of our duties here we
must act in accordance with oar own oonvic-
