1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
of the United States, and to declare thatthe lan-
guage Used and the charges made by the% 1 resident
arounbeootoin^the-.elevatedstation occupied by him*
an unjusfcrefiection upon Massachusetts, and without
th$ s]iadoyr of justification or defense loundcd upon
tkift private or public record of our eminent feenatoi\
' Rwolded, g?hat the enlightened judgment of man-
kind will hold not only the-Government,but the peo-
ple ofihe "United States,-to the fulfillment to the utter-
mostyAn letter andinspirit.of the promises solemnly
mado to thefreedmen; and any failure to fulfill them
Kould inflict a stain upon our national character
which'would debase us among the nations and sub*
j'ectua to the contempt of our contemporaries and of
posterity.
12e«olvecfi That his Excellency, the Governor,'be
requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to
our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
The resolutions were ordered to He on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of hos-
pital stewards of the Army, praying that such
action may be taken by Congress as will place
them upon an equal footing with those who per-
form similar service-in the armies of Europe,
by creating a grade with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a second lieutenant of infantry,
for those of the corps of hospital stewards who
•upon examination, may prove themselves com-
petent for the position ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
" Militia.
He also presented a petition of journeymen
book-binders, book printers, and working men
of the United States, praying for the repeal of
the revenue tax of five per cent, on manufac-
tured books; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of J.
S. Giers, of Morgan county, Alabama, setting
forth the destitute condition of the people of
that State, and praying Confess to take some
•measures for their relief; which was referred
to the Committee on finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Otter Tail county, Minnesota., praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Crow Wing,
in that State, via Otter Tail City, to Fort Abcr-
crombie, Dakota Territory ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. *
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of Merrick & Sons,William Sellers & Co., and
other manufacturers of heavy machinery, of
Philadelphia, reciting at some length that un-
der the present system of internal revenue they
are compelled to pay-a complex system of taxes,
by which it is uncertain how much the corre-
sponding duty on imported articles should be
in order to put them on an equality with for-
eign manufacturers, and by which it is very
difficult for them to ascertain the amount pay-
able on their machinery. They say the system
of taxes operates very injuriously to them.
They therefore ask that a uniform tax, what-
ever may be neccssary for the Government,
shall be levied on the completed article. I
ask that this memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Abigail Ryan, widow of the late Thomas A.
■Ryan, a sergeant in company 15, seventeenth
regiment West Virginia volunteers, praying
that she may be granted a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of C.
K. Tuckerman, praying to lie reimbursed for
expenses incurred fort he colonization experi-
ment at Hayti, which, ho alleges, was under-
taken at the request of President Lincoln;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. NYE presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of Paul S. Forbes, for
relief under his contract with the Navy Depart-
ment to build and furnish the sloop-of-war
Idaho ; which were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of so
equalizing the bounties awarded by the Gov-
ernment to soldiers during the late war as to
make them as nearly as possible in proportion
to the time of actual service: which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
lie also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Dodgeville to Avoca,
via James Mills, William S. Bean's,, and Booth
Hollow, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of an appropria-
tion for widening and straightening the channel
of the harbor at Superior, in that State: which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis- I
lature of Wisconsin, praying the establishment j
of a mail route from Trempealeau Village, by ,
way of Arcadia, Burnside, and Hale, to Sum-
ner, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the appointment
of engineers to examine the present water chan-
nels through that State, with a view of enlar-
ging the same so as to admit of a uniform
steamship navigation from the Mississippi river
to Lake Michigan ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
the city council of Portland, Maine, represent-
ing that Casco bay furnishes one of the best
and safest locations for the reception and pres-
ervation of the iron-clad navy of the United
States, and that materials and labor can be had
cheaper at Portland than at any other sea-hoard
city, and praying that a commission may be
appointed to examine the location and report
to Congress at its present session ; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Mrs. Rebecca Irwin, widow of Archibald
Irwin, who was a private soldier in battery C,
first Rhode Island light artillery, praying for a
pension, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 291) granting a pension to Mrs.
Rebecca Irwin. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (IT. R. No. 475) to facilitate the
settlement of the accounts of paymasters in
the Army, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 4(5) for the relief
of Henry M. Whittlesey, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Captain
F. M. Faircloth, praying for remuneration for
properly lost on board the steamer Boston,
while on an expedition up the Ashepo river,
South Carolina, on the 2Gth of May, 18G-1, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the Joint Committee on the
Library, reported a joint resolution (S. R. No.
79) to authorize the purchase for the Library
of Congress of the law library of James L. Pet-
tigru, of South Carolina; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The joint committee,
so called, on reconstruction have directed me
to report, first, a joint resolution proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States ; second, a bill to provide for restoring
to the States lately in insurrection their full
political rights: third, a bill declaring certain
persons ineligible to office under the Govern-
ment of the United States. They directed me,
further, in reporting this resolution and bills,
to say that it was the intention of the commit-
tee to accompany them with an extended report
of their reasons, and the grounds upon which
they report them. Unfortunately, however,
such has been the situation of the committee,
relying upon the chairman, who has been un-
able to 'attend -to.it ,-oh'accouiit-of ilhiess, that
this report has not beon. flrawn ; and perhaps
we may ask leave to submit the report here-
after in connection ivitlnthe:billsMidiresolution
now reported. It was thought advisable, as it
was so late in the session, not to withhold -the
measures proposed for action,for the reason I
have stated. It is very possible that the report
may be made hereafter if it shall please the
Senate to receive it.
_ The joint resolution (S. R. No. 78) propo*
sing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States ; the bill (S. No. 292) to provide
for restoring to the States lately in insiurection
their full political rights; and the bill (S. No.
293) declaring certain persons ineligible to
office under the Government of the United
States, wore severally read a first time by their
titles, and passed to a second reading.
PERSONAL "EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. CHANDLER. A few weeks ago I un-
intentional! v did an act of injustice to a patriotic
body of individuals in this city, which I wish
to correct. During the winter of 1SG0-61,
there were two military organizations here, the
one called the National Rifles and the other
the National Volunteers. The National Vol-
unteers was a rebel organization which marched
from the District of Columbia into the rebel
army; but the National Rifles was composed
of the most patriotic citizens of the District.
They were the first to march into Virginia; and
tlicy headed the column that first crossed the
Long Bridge. They furnished a large number
of soldiers and a large number of officers to
the Union Army, and were really one of the
most patriotic bodies in the United States. In
the heat of debate, I inadvertently spoke of the
National Rilles instead of the National Volun-
teers. Lwish simply to do justice to a patriotic
organization, to which I inadvertently did injus-
tice, and 1 make this statement to correct that
injustice.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to make a comment or
two on an item that 1 find in the National Intel-
ligencer to-day, taken from the Washington
dispatches to the New York Herald. The item
to which I call attention is as follows :
"Governor Fairchild, of Wisconsin, is here to push
tho appointment of a radical postmaster for Fond-
du-Lac, which office will soon be vacated by resigna-
tion. The appointment was lately made in accord-
ance witli tho Governor's views, but was subsequently
witbdi awn at the urgent request of "Wisconsin John-
son Republicans, on the '-'round th.it the appointee
was not one of them. The appearance of the Gov-
ernor heielo reopen the lisht is looked upon as a
trifle ' cheeky' by the friends of Senator Doolitti.r,
intismuch as Hie Governor went out of his way to
indorse and approve the Wisconsin resolutions cen-
suring Mi. Dooi.ittle. Tho Governor, no doubt,
came on at the suirsostion of Senator II owk ; but it is
fair to presume their joint labors will be fruitless.
The Post Otiico Department has at last commenced
to look out for the President's friends in tho matter
of appointments."
Upon this paragraph T wish to say, first, that
the Governor of Wisconsin is hero on no invi-
tation of mine, and upon no business that I
have any sort of connection with. I under-
stand, and I believe, that he came here with-
out the slightest knowledge that there was a
vacancy in the post office at Fond-du-Lac. I
understand, and I believe, he is here simply
to aid in the adjustment of some accounts be-
tween the State of Wisconsin and the U nited
States of America, and that he takes no more
interest in the question of who shall be post-
master in the city of Foud-du-Lac than any
other Republican of the State of Wisconsin
does take.
I think it is due to Governor Fairchild that
I should say so much; and 1 think it is due to
myself, (o the Senate, and to the people of the
United States, since this subject has been
alluded to, that I should say one thing more
about tho post office at Fond-du-Lac. There
has been no "fight'' about it, to begin with. .
A vacancy exists in that o'liee, occasioned by
the resignation of the late incumbent, who has
removed from the city, and from tho State, and
from the United States. My colleague, the
Representative from the fifth district of Wis
cousin, who lives within twenty miles of that
