1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
imB
tions of right. Yet it is a pleasing reflection
to the Representative to know that his action
meets the approval of his constituency.
That noble organization, the Union party of
Indiana3 which during the trying scenes of the
rebellion was able to meet the open, armed
traitors m the field, as well as the secret and
oath-bound conspiracy of the "Sons of Lib-
erty" at home, recently, in State convention,
announced by resolution—
"That it is the province of the legislative branch
of the General Government tu determine the ques-
tion of reconstruction of the States lately in rebellion
against that Government, and that in the exercise
of that power Congress should have in view the loy-
alty of the people in those States, their devotion to
the Constitution andobedienceto thelaws; and until
the people of those States by their acts prove them-
selves loyal to the Government, they should not be
restored to the rights and position enjoyed and occu-
pied by tliem before the rebellion."
This comes to you, Mr. Speaker,   myself,
and to our Union colleagues, from those whose
voice we are commissioned to speak in these
Halls, and proves to us, if proof were necessary,
that our constituents arc as quick to perceive
the true path of national safety as they were
brave and resolute when armed dangers threat-
ened the country.
BO TIIE PEOPLE IN TJIESE STATES MANIFEST A PROPER
SPIRIT OF LOYALTY ?
Can we admit them to assist us in perfecting
such measures of legislation as are demanded
by the extraordinary events of the last four
years ? Is the old slaveholder to be intrusted
with the power of providing for the security
and safety of the manumitted slave? Is the
traitor, whether "reconstructed" or not, to be
transformed into the national legislator, with
power to act upon such laws as the country de-
mands for the punishment of treason, if not as
an indemnity for the past at least as a security
for the future ? Let not this new-born zeal and
Jove for " our erring brothers" carry us so far
as to forget our duty to country and humanity
in these hours of emergency and peril. Mercy,
kindness, and conciliation are noble attributes
of our nature, implanted for high and holy
purposes, but like other attributes they are not
to be abused. The people who have sacrificed
so much, at home and in the field, are deter-
mined that "traitors shall bo punished and
treason made odious that these words shall
have a living reality, and not to be regarded
simply as the idle vaporings of the hour; that
these words shall be words of power and of
majesty, the growth and outburst of patriot-
ism, and not a mere figure of rhctoric or a fee-
ble promise made to the ear but broken to the
hope.
And here let me say that the people will
never forgive the public man, whatever posi-
tion he may occupy, who shall be found dere-
lict in his duty: who shall endeavor to hug
treason and traitors to his bosom and turn his
back upon those who so generously elevated
him to power, and who forgets in the delirium
of that power the sacred principles upon which
he was so elevated. But I am digressing from
the question whether the people in these States
manifest a proper spirit of loyalty, and are in
a fit condition to resume their position in the
Union. Most gladly would I answer it in the
affirmative could it be done without falsifying
the daily and almost hourly occurrences which
reach us from official and well-authenticated
sources. The hope was indulged that with the
surrender of the rebel armies we should also
have a surrender of the?rebellious spirit; that
upon the dispersion of their military power the
people would bo relieved from what we had
regarded as a military despotism, and that they
would with alacrity return to their duty and
allegiance as American citizens. In all these
just expectations the country has been most
sadly disappointed. . .
Were I not pressed for time I could give in-
stances almost without number of the spirit of
dislovaltv and treason constantly manifesting
itself in very lan^e portions of the lcbcllious
di^t.riot; but I must content myself to refer to
a few of the most striking co/^es. wnich are.
however, fully illustrative of the general: eeling.
B. G. Humphreys, formerly a brigadier gen-
eral in the rebel service, was chosen Governor
of the State of Mississippi, under the procla-
mation of the President, and'after his election
had to seek a pardon from the President (which
was granted him) before he could enter upon
the discharge of his executive functions.
The following extracts from his first message
to the Legislature of Mississippi exhibit the
u loyalty" of this reconstructed rebel general;
namely:
M Under the pressure of Federal bayonets, mired on
by the misdirected sympathiesof the world in behalf
of the enslaved African, the people of Mississippi,
have abolished the institution of slavery, and have
solemnly declared in their State constitution that tho
Legislature shall provide by law forthe protection and
security of the person and property of the freedmen
of the State, and guard them and the State against
any evils that may arise from their sudden emanci-
pation."
Speaking of the Freedmen's Bureau, he says:
" Ilowlong this hideous curse, permitted of Iloaven,
is to be allowed to rule and ruin our unhappy people
I regret it is not in my power to give any assurance,
Anther than can be gafhered fiom the public and
private declarations of President Johnson, that, 'tho
troops will all be drawn from Mississippi when, in
tho opinion of theGovcmmcnt, thepeaee, and order,
and civil authority has been restored, and can bo
maintained without them.'"
Let us now pass to the State of South Caro-
lina, and examine for a moment the u loyalty"
of her reconstructed traitors. Sho has a Gov-
ernor and a Legislature, by virtue of the proc-
lamation of the President, and is supposed by
many innocent persons to be faithfully dischar-
gingher duties and obligations to her people and
the General Government, and entitled to take
her place in the national councils.
Although she is, by some,, claimed to be "a
State in the Union,?) yet the President, in obe-
dience to what he conceives to be his duty to
that State, continues her under martial law,
and governs her by the strong arm of military
power.
That brave soldier, General Sickles, com-
mands the ehivalrie South Carolinians, and so
recently as the 17th of .January, 1800. felt him-
self compelled, by General Orders, No. 1,"
to wipe out a large portion of the .statute laws
of that State, and substitute military law, in
order to insure safety and protection to her
people. I subjoin a few extracts from that
celebrated order:
"IX. All laws shall be applicable alike to all the
inhabitants. Xo person snail beheld incompetent
to sue, make complaint, orto testily, because of color
or caste.''
" VI. Treed persons, unable to labor, by reason of
age or infirmity, and orphan childi en of tender years
shall have allotted to them by owners suitable quar-
ters on the premies where they have been heretofore
domiciled as .slaves, until adequate piovision, ap-
proved by the general commanding', bo made for
them by the State or local authorities, or otherwise;
and they ahufi not bo removed from tho premises,
unless for disorderly behavior, misdemeanor, or other
offense committed by the head of a family or a mem-
ber thereof."
"XIII. The vagrant laws of the State of South Car-
olina, applicable to free whitepcrsons, will be recog-
nized as the only vagrant laws applicable to the
freedmen; ncvcitholes, such laws ehall not be con-
sidered applicable to persons who are without em-
ployment, if they shall piove that they have been
unable to obtain employment, after diligent efforts
to do so."
"XV. The proper authorities of the State in the
several municipalities and districts shall proceed to
make suitable provision for their poor, without dis-
tinction of color; in default of which, the general
commanding will levy an equitable tax on persons
and pi operty sufficient forthc&upport of the poor.''
"XVII. To secure the same equal justice and per-
sonal liberty to the freedmen asloothcrinhabitants,
no penalties or punishments different Irom those to
which ail persons arc amenable, shad be imposed on
freed people; and all crimes and offenses which arc
prohibited under existing laws, shall be understood
as prohibited in the caso of fioedmcn ; and if com-
mitted by a freedman. shall, upon conviction, be
punished in the same manner as if committed by a
white man."
I submit to this House and to the country,
whether it is safe to recognize the late rebel
States a^ fully entitled to representation po long
as the President finds it necessary, through his
military officers, thus to abrogate their State
laws and enforce a military code, in order to
protect any portion of their citizens.
It will not do to oveilook the Old Domin-
ion" lying within view of this Capitol; hcncelet
us see whether she, who has been so justly and so
terribly scourged, is in any better condition than
other of her *' erring sisters.1 ? She, too, is yefc
under the surveillance of military authority
so recently as the 24th of January, Gen-
eral Terry, who commands the "departmentof
Virginia," felt himself called upon to set-aside
an act of her Legislature, the intention and ef-
fect of which was to resuscitate the old system
of slavery, by another name^ in defiance not
only of the constitutional amendment abolish-
ing slavery, but also in defiance of her owa
State constitution on that subject. I ask the
Clerk to read his order.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Richmond, Virginia, January 24,1866.
By a statute passed at the present session of tho
Legislature of Virginia entitled "A bill providing
for the punishment of vagrants," it is enacted, among
other things, that any justico of the peace, upon the
complaint of any out of certain officers therein named,
may issue .his warrant for the apprehension of any
person alleged to be a vagrant, and cause such per-
son to be apprehended and brought before him; and
that if upon due examination said justice of tho
peace shall find that such person is a vagrant, withia
the definition of vagrancy contained in said statute,
he shall i*suc hi3 warrant directing such person to be
employed for a term not exceeding three months, and
by any constable of the county wherein the proceed-
ings arc had bo hired out for the best wases whicls
can bo procured, his wages to be applied to tho sup-
port of himself and his family. Thosaid statute fur-
ther provides, that m case any vagrant so hired shall,
during his term of scrvice, run away from his em-
ployer without sufficient cause, ho shall be appre-
hended on the warrant of a justice of the peace and
returned to the custody of nis employer, who shall
then have, free of any further hire, the services of
such vagrant for one month in addition to the origi-
nal terms of hiring, and that the employer shall thon
huvo power, if authorized by a justice of tho peace,
to work such vagrant with ball and chain. Tho said
statute specifies the persons who shall be considered
vagrants, and bo liablctothcpenaltiesimposed by it*
In many counties of this State meetings of employ-
ers have been held and unjust and wrongful combina-
tions have been entered into lor tho pur pose oldepress-
ins the wages of the freedmen below tho real valuo
of their labor, tar below the prices formerly paid to
masters for labor performed by their slaves. i>y reason
oi these combinations wages utterly inadequate to
tliesupport of themselves and their families have, in
manv places, become the usual and common wages of
tho treedmcn. The effect of tho statute in qnoslioD
will be, thoiofore, to compel the freedmon, under tho
penalty of punishment as criminals, to accopt and
labor for the wages established by thcsecombuiations
of emplovcrs. It placesthem wholly in tho power of
their employer0, and it is easily to foresee that even
whercnosueh combination now exists, the temptation
to form thorn offered by the statute will betoosUong
to be resisted, and that such inadequate wage* will
become the common and usual wages throughout the
State. The ultimate j)ffcot of the statute will be to
reduce the irecdmen to a condition of servitude worso
than that from which they have been emancipated,
a condition winch will be slavery in all but its name.
It is thercforeordercd that no magistrate, civil offi-
cer, or other poison shall, in any way or manner apply,
or attempt to apply, the provisions of said statute to
any colored person m this department.
By command of Major General A. H. Terry:
EDWARD W. SMITH,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Mr. ORTH. In this connection, let us see
what that clearheaded patriot, General Schurz,
says in his report to the President:
" There arc two principal points to which I beg to
call your attention. In tho lir^t place, tho rapid re-
turn to power and influence of so many of those who
but recently were engaged in a, bitter war against tho
Union has had one effect which was certainly not
originally contemplated by tho Government, lreason
does, under existing circumstances>nol appear odious
in the South. The people are not impressed with any
sense of its criminality. Au*l secondly, there is, as
yet, among the southern people an utter absence oi
national feeling. I made it a business while m the
South to watch the symptoms of ' returning- loyalty
as they appeared, not only in private conversation,
but in the public press and m the speeches delivered
and tho resolutions passed .at Union mcel in£s  -tlaruiy
ever was there an expression of hcaity attachment to
the great Republic, or an appeal to the impulses oi
patriotism; but wheneversubmission totnonationai
authority was declared and advocated, it was Almost
uniformly placed upon two principal grounds, mat,
under present circumstances, the soutfaeia pcoplo
could 'do no bcUcr;' and, then, that snbrnission was
the onlv means by which they could nu themselves
of tho.Federal soldiers, and obtain once more conUul
"'"ThoCTiiaSdpation of tho slaves is submitted to
on'v m po far as chattel slavery m the old tovia could
Sot he kept up. But although the kccdman is no
longer considered the propcit> of tho mdi\ ''lu.il iiia^
ter. he is considered the slave ot society, and  U inde-
pendent State legislation.will share the tendency to
make him sach. The ordinances abolishing slayeiy,
pa^ed by the conventions under the pressure ot cir-
cumstances, will not be looked upon as burring tho
establishment of a now form of servitude."
Mr. THAI*Eli. If the gentleman fr'jm In-
