2266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
town, whose partner and whose son resides in
the town, and who has his principal place of
business in that town, and myself, all united in
recommending the appointment of a man by
the name of Gillette to fill that vacancy. His
name was sent in to the Senate. I am glad to
have the attention of the chairman of the Post
Office Committee. It was referred to that
committee, and by that committee reported
back to the Senate with a recommendation
that he be confirmed. Some one or two weeks
ago—I do not recollect the precise time—the
name of Mr. Gillette was withdrawn from the
Senate by a message from the President of the
United States. That withdrawal, I am bound
to say, was made without any request of mine,
without any consultation with me, without the
slightest knowledge on my part that it was to
be made, and, as I believe, without the slight-
est knowledge on the part of any Representa-
tive from Wisconsin except my colleague here,
and possibly the Representative from the fourth
district who was not elected by the Union party,
and who probably never will be elected by the
Union party until he or the Union party meets
with a change of heart. That name was recom-
mended to be withdrawn, as I understand,
simply because it was alleged that Mr. Gillette
did not support the policy of the President. I
understand that it is asserted by the First As-
sistant Postmaster General that no man, with
his consent, shall eat the bread and butter of
the President unless he does support the Pres-
ident's policy.
Now, it will be seen that there has been no
fight in reference to this subject. It will be
seen, and I trust it will_ be believed, that the
Governor is not here with any view to influ-
ence the disposition of that office.
Mr. President, I am compelled to draw two
or three inferences from the facts I have stated
to the Senate. The first is that whereas my
colleague and myself were appointed to repre-
sent the State of Wisconsin by precisely the
same party, 1 am now not recognized by the
executive department of the Government as
belonging to the party to which my colleague
belongs. That is the first inference I draw,
and my conclusion is, that if I do not belong
to the party to which my colleague belongs, he
does not belong to the party to which I belong.
That is another deduction which I draw from
this state of facts.
Having stated these two inferences, I have
one other thing to say, and that will end my
explanation upon this point; and that is, that I
dissent entirely from the idea that these offices
are in the first place "bread and butter," and
secondly, I dissent entirely from the idea that if
they are bread and butter, the President owns
them. I conceive that they are agencies created
by law, which the Congress of the United
States makes and the Congress of the Uni-
ted States alone can make ; that they are de-
signed not. to do the will of the President of
the United States, but as agencies to execute
the will of Congress; that they are paid by
appropriations made by Congress; they will
continue while Congress says so and when
Congress says so, and are not the private prop-
erty of anybody, and are not intended as instru-
ments through which the President of the Uni-
ted States or any other individual can dragoon
the people of the United States into one idea
or another or into one policy or another.
message fkom the house.
_ \ message ^rotn the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr, McPherson, its Clerk, announced
the appointment of Mr. J. B. Grixnell, of
Iowa, and Mr. J. L. Dawson, of Pennsylva-
nia, as managers on the part of the House of
Representatives at the conference on the con-
current resolution fc> prohibit the sale of liquors
in the Capitol building and grounds, in the
' place of Mr. Hiram Price, of Iowa, and Mr.
Samuel J. Raxdall, of Pennsylvania, excused.
railroad bridges across the mississippi.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 236) to
authorize and establish certain post roads, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Henderson, in section one, line six, after
the word "Illinois," to insert, "and at Han-
nibal, Missouri;" so that the section will read:
That it shall be lawful for any person or persons,
company or corporation, having authority from the
States of Illinois and Missouri for such purpose, to
build a bridge across the Mississippi at Quincy, Illi-
nois, and at Hannibal, Missouri, &e.
Mr. HENDERSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment for the present.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment which
I propose to the bill as a new section:
And beil further enacted. That it shall be lawful for
the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy Railroad Com-
pany, whose road has been completed to the Mis-
sissippi river and connects with a railroad on the
opposite side thereof, having first obtained authority
therefor from the States of Illinois and Iowa, to con-
struct a railroad bridge across said river upon the
same terms, in the same manner, under the same
restrictions, and with the same privileges as is pro-
vided for in this act in relation to the bridge at
Quiney, Illinois.
Mr. RAMSEY. The honorable Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] when this
bill was before the Senate some days ago, ex-
pressed some surprise that I should advocate
the building of bridges upon the Mississippi
river. That Senator should have known that at
this time, without any authority of law, at least
on the part of Congress, there are two bridges
upon the Mississippi river which are alleged
to be by those who trade upon that river—the
navigation interests there—highly obstructive
to navigation. There are but three bridges, I
think, on the Mississippi river from the falls
of St. Anthony to the mouth of that stream.
One is at St. Paul. That is a bridge of con-
tinuous span. It presents no obstruction to
navigation. The bridge is elevated nearly one
hundred feet above the ordinary stage of wa-
ter, and boats of the largest class that navi-
gate the waters of that region pass under it
without obstruction and without difficulty.
There are two other bridges spanning the Mis-
sissippi river, one at Clinton and another at
Rock Island, both alleged to be highly ob-
structive to navigation, and bridges that have
been remonstrated against by that interest for
years past. So high has been the excitement
at times that the boatmen following the river
have been upon the point of abating the Rock
Island bridge as a nuisance by violence. The
remonstrances were so strong against its con-
tinuance that in 1859 a commission of officers
of the Topographical corps of the United States
Army was appointed to visit and examine that
bridge.
The engineers of the railroad companies and
the river interests differ entirely as to the
character of the bridges that should be erected
across the Mississippi river. Those having
charge of that interest at St. Louis—the Cham-
ber of Commerce—claim that the span upon
the pivot bridges should be four hundred feet.
On the other hand it is alleged by experienced
engineers that a spfin of that size would be
much morn obstructive than one of a reason-
able size ; that the difficulties of opening it at
times wpuld be such as unfavorably to obstruct
navigation upon that river.
The commission which w.as sent by the Sec-
retary of War in 1850 to examine the Rock
Island bridge was composed of Captain Hum-
phreys, Captain Meade, and Captain Frank-
lin, of the Topographical corps, each of whom
has since attained the position of major general
in the Army. In their report upon that occa-
sion they said:
" From the drawings above alluded to, and from
personal examination, the board found that the rail-
road bridge is placed at the foot of the rapids, and is
thrown from the island of Rock Island to the city of
Davenport, Iowa; that it is supported by two stone
abutments on the shores, and six stone piers. The
spans (five in number) are two hundred and fifty feet
broad,the draw spans being at the water-level (nine
and one half feet stage) and one hundred and seven-
teen and one hundred and twelve feet respectively,
making the whole length of the bridge fifteen hun-
dred and thirty-five feet.
The piers, except those of the draws, are thirty-
five feet long and seven feet broad at top, and fifty-
three feet long and eleven feet broad at the bottom.
X he two small draw pier* are tliirty-eightfeetlongand
ten leet. broad at top, and fifty-four feet Ions and
fourteen broad at the bottom. turn-table pier,
including the guard pier and starling, is three hun-
dred and fifty-five feet long and forty and one third
feet broad at the top, and three hundred and eighty-
six feet long and forty-five feet broad at the bottom
This pier is composed of a stone center pier thirty-
five feet in diameter at the top, the remainder being
crib-work filled with stone. The up-stream starlings
of all the piers are isosceles right-angled triangles.
The center line of the roadway crosses the turn-table
pier two hundred and ten feet fromitshead, thispier
being onehundred and fifteen feet longer andninetecn
feet wider on the top than the truss which forms the
draw. Thesuperstructureof wood, built upon Howe's
patent, is twenty feet above ordinary high(and thirty-
three feet above ordinary low water."
The great vice in that bridge is the obliquity
of the*piers to the current of the river. This
commission further state:
"It will be seen that above the bridge the direction
of the current makes with the axis of the piers, dif-
ferent angles varying from 26° tol4°30/; that through
the Illinois draw of the bridge, the angle with the
axis of the pier is 5°, and that below the bridge the
angle varies from 8° to 9° 30.'" * * * *
' Were the same piers placed parallel to the cur-
rent, the obstruction to tuo flow of the water would
be about one third of what it now is."
*********#
" The general level of the river is raised by the piers
of the bridge .49 feet, or nearly six inches, and the
increase of the mean velocity due to the contraction
of the water-way is 2.27 feet per second or 1.55 miles
per hour, making the computed velocity under the
bridge 5.55 miles per hour."
In summing up their conclusions, they say:
441. The board is of opinion that the railroad bridge
which crosses the Mississippi river between Rock
Island, in the Stateof Illinois, and Davenport, in the
State of Iowa, is not constructed according to cor-
rect principles, reference being had to the interests
of navigation.
"2. The piers of the said bridge are not of the best
form, and that there was no practical difficulty in
constructing them of the proper form. With the
exception of the turn-table pier, the board is of opin-
ion that the defective form of the piers is a matter of
no material importance. The turn-table pier will
be more particularly referred to in the answer to the
next question.
"3. Xheonly pier larger tiian is necessary is the turn-
table pier. This pier, in the opinion of the board,
should have been constructed no longer or broader
than was absolutely necessary to sustain the truss
when the draw is open, and protect it from injury
by passing boats. It might have been constructed
with a length of two hundred and ninety-five feet,
affording ample support and protection, and being
actually three hundr^ and fifty-five feet in length;
the difference, sixty feet, is unnecessary, and, in the
judgment of the board, pernicious. The effect of
making it longer than was absolutely required, is to
contract the water-way, increase the velocity, nar-
row the draw-passage, and present more surface for
boats to strike against, thus increasing the difficulty
of iheir passage through the draw. In a pier of this
size the form of the starling is of importance, and the
upper faces of the pier should have been curved sur-
faces.
4 4 4. The piers are not placed parallel to the current,
but at angles varying from 26° to 14° 30'. The effect
of this obliquity is to treble the obstruction to the
flow of the water, and consequently to affect the in-
crease of velocity in the same ratio. Another conse-
quence is, that the passages of steamboats and rafts
through the draw and between the piers are rendered
much more difficult and hazardous. Furthermore,
the draw on the Iowa side is rendered useless by the
formation of an eddy therein.
"5. The velocities of the different parts of the river
m the vicinity of the bridge have already been stated,
and will be found tabulated in appendix C.
"6. The eddy on the Iowa side of the turn-table pier,
as nearly as could be estimated, is about one hundred
feet wide at the foot of the pier, and the turbulence
or boiling of the water ex tends about five hundred feet
below. This eddy, however, is constantly varying in
itsposition and dimensions. Itseffeet on the passages
of boats ascending and descending is undoubtedly to
render them more difficult, on account of the care
required to avoid getting one part of the boat in it
while another part is in the current of the draw. It
has been previously stated that the effect of this eddy
in the Iowa draw is to render it useless."
******
"In conclusion, the board considers it proper to
recapitulate some of tlie%cll-known principles of
bridge building, to show how far they have been
conformed to or departed from in the Rock Island
bridge. JLhese principles are:
"1. That at a given place, in locatinga bridge over
any stream, the site where the velocity of the current
is a minimum should be selected.
2. Thatindesigningabridge, thepiersshouldhave
a minimum cross-section consistent with the support
of the super-structure thus offering the least obstruc-
tion to the now of the water and increasing thevelo-
CI&o -rihe (iurre1nt as little as possible.
.3 ? piers should always be placed parallel to the
tnreacl of the stream, for the same reasons as those
stated m the second principle, and because they thus
render the passage of boats and rafts less difficult.
4. In designing a bridge over a river having a largo
Ci0mi^e?ce h°afs and rafts, the draws and spans
should be of the greatest practicable width.
, . aPPiymg these principles to the Rock Island
bridge, the board is constrained, with extreme regret,
to report that all have been violated; thus rendering
the bridge not only an obstruction to the navigation
