3226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
right, which Americans alone are educated to
administer. They were forced by the very ne-
cessity of the case to make laws for themselves.
The reason and justice of the laws they formed
challenge the admiration of all who investigate
them. li'acli mining district, in an area extend-
ing over not less than fifty thousand square
miles, formed its own rules and adopted its
own customs. The similarity of these rules
and customs throughout the entire mining re-
gion was so great, as to attain all the beneficial
results of well-digested, general laws. These
regulations were thoroughly democratic in their
character, guarding against every form of mo-
nopoly, and requiring continued work and occu-
pation in good faith to constitute a valid pos-
session.
After the admission of California as a State
in September, 1850, Mr. Fremont, then Sena-
tor from that State, introduced a bill, the pur-
pose of which was to cstablishpolice regulations
m the mines. It imposed a small tax upon
the miners to defray the expenses of the sys-
tem. _ Many Senators, when the bill catne up
for discussion, expressed the opinion that the
mines ought to be sold or some means devised
by which a direct revenue might be obtained
from that souico. Various amendments were
offered to effect these purposes. But Mr.
Denton took a leading ,;ar! in the discussion,
and contended throughout that good policy re-
quired that the mines should remain free and
open for exploration and development. Mr.
Seward sustained Mr. Benton. I will road a
few extracts from the remarks of each, as re-
ported in the Globe, to show the sentiment
that prevailed jn the Senate at that time. Mr.
Ewing, of Ohio, offered an amendment to the
proposed scheme which introduced a system
of seigniorage, the money going directly to the
Government and the Government paying back
a certain portion of it to the miner. Upon that
amendment Mr. Jienton made the following
remarks, among others:
" Tin- motion which lias boon mado by the Senator
fiom Ohio, and Ihe very objection made to it by the
senator Iroin C.ilitoniia,, brings up the question
winch J. have no doubt has occupied the public, mind
and the mindsolthe members ol Congress, and which
everybody could foresee would como up m tile courso
ot tins debate. It is thoquestion whether ttio United
btutes will undertako to timko a revenue oat of tho
mines. J his (mention is now broneht up by the mo-
tion on tho ono sulo and tho objection on tho other;
a question winch all must havoseen would arise, and
to tho consideration of which tho attention of the
whole Senate ought to bo directed. 1 am decidedly
ot the opinion that tho United States ought not. to
undertake to make a revenue out of tho mines, that
tho United .Slates ouprht to content herself with get-
ting the wealth out ot the bowols of the earth itself,
which is now lyiiisc so useless, that she ought to con-
tent hcrsclt with receiving what, will pay tho ex-
penses of Ihe administration ot such a system, and
that, system should bo just us simple as it can bo
made, and at tho samo time preset ve order anion"
the minors, '
He goeson at length discussing the disad-
vantages oi encumbering Ihe enterprise of that
country with regulations further than simply to
preserve order, tie says:
"I therefore wholly objeet t,o tho whole idea of
deriving revenue from theso mines. I am in favor
ot lac simplest possiblo mode which will cover the
expenses."
Mr. Seward, in the course of the debate, said:
"I will add now only this: that the objects of tho
united states m rogaul to the gold mines in Cali-
fornia should be, in the first placc,lo buns to tho
general puolic u«c ot thepeopio ot the United States
tile largest possible acquisition of national wealth
from their newly-discovered fountains: and secondly
to render the nuiiuifroperations conducive to the best
andspeedicstpossiblesottlcment of our vast countries
on the facilic coast which aro so soon to oxcruUo
U ^commercial, social, and political influences
over the eastern world. The pecuniary wealth and
the political power thus to be obtained will be ob-
taincdjustin proportion to thenumber and assiduity
° . the persons who shall be engaged in working the
mmesol California. That numberand that assiduity
will be in exact_ proportion to the liberality of the
terms upon which tho mines shall be opened. It
tlnn n't-in J1 groun[},tl),I voted against the proposi-
tion ot my honorable Iriend from Ohio, [Mr. Ewi.vo, 1
which contemplated seigniorage and revonuo to tho
, lr°m these mines, and in favor of the
nofb n ""in Tho" '? thcbl11' which stipulates for
?h  - the way of revenue, but enough to pay
mUieA" regulating tho operations in the
The arguments of Senators in favor of free
mining finally prevailed, and all amendments
looking to sale or direct revenue were voted
down, and the^ bill finally passed the Senate,
without material amendment, in its original
form, but failed in the House from want of
time to consider it. This solemn declaration
on the part of the Senate in favor of a just and
liberal policy to the miners was hailed by them
as a practical recognition of their possessory
rights, and greatly encouraged and stimulated
mining enterprise and laid the foundation for
a system of local government now in full force
over a vast region of country inhabited by near
a million men.
The Legislature of California, at their follow-
ing session, in 1851, had under consideration
the subject of legislating for the mines; and
after full and careful investigation wisely con-
cluded to declare that the rules and regula-
tions of the miners themselves might be offered
in evidence in all controversies respecting
mining claims, and when not in conflict with
the constitution or laws of the State or of the
United^ States should govern the decision of
the action. A series of wise judicial decisions
molded these regulations and customs into a
comprehensive system of common law, em-
bracing not only mining law, (properly speak-
ing,) but also regulating the use of water for
mining purposes. The same system has spread
over all the interior States and Territories
where mines have been found as far east as
the Missouri river. Tho miner's law is a part
of the miner's nature. lie made it. It is his
own bantling, and he loves it, trusts it, and
obeys it. ^ lie has given the honest toil of his
life to discover wealth which when found is
protected by no higher law than that enacted
by himself under the implied sanction of a just
and generous Government. Miners as a com-
munity devote three fourths of their aggregate
labor to exploration, and consequently aro,
and ever will remain, poor, while individuals
amass large fortune, and the treasury of the
world is augmented and replenished.
Senators who have not given this subject
special attention can hardly realize the won-
derful results of this system of free mining.
The incentive to the pioneer held out by the
iaward of a gold or silver mine, if he can find
one, is magical upon the sanguine tempera-
ment of the prospector. For near a quarter
of a century a race of men, constituting a ma-
jority by far of all the miners of the West,
patient of toil, hopeful of success, deprived of
the associations of home and family, have de-
voted themselves, with untiring energy, to sink-
ing deep shafts, running tunnels thousands of
feet, in solid granite, traversing deserts, climb-
ing mountains, and enduring every conceivable
hardship and privation, exploring for mines,
all predicated upon the idea that no change
would be made in this system that would
deprive them of their hard-earned treasure.
Some of these have found valuable mines and
a sure prospect of wealth and comfort when
the appliances of capital and machinery shall
bo brought to their aid. Others have received
no compensation but anticipation, no reward
but hope.
While these people have done little for them-
selves they havedone valuable service for this
Government. They have enhanced the value I
of the property of the nation near one hundred
per cent., as 1 shall hereafter show, and they
have converted that vast unknown region, ex-
tending from British Columbia on the north to
Mexico on the south, and from the eastern slope
of the Rocky mountains to the western decline
of the Sierra Nevada, into the great gold and
silver fields of the United States, surpassingin
richness and extent the mines of any other na-
tion on the globe. I assert, and no one familiar
with the subject will question the fact, that
the sand plains, alkaline deserts, and dreary
mountains of rocks and sage brush of tho great
interior would have been as worthless to-day as
when they were marked by geographers as the
great American desert but for this system of
free mining fostered by our neglect and ma-
tured and perfected by our generous inaction.
No miner lias everdoubted the continued good
faith of the Government,, but has put his trust
in its justice and liberality, traversing mount-
ain and desert as incessantly and as hopefully
as the farmer of the West has plowed his field.
What he now occupies he has discovered and
added to the wealth of the nation.
This good faith of the Government (prom-
ised, as it were, by the action of this Senate
sixteen years ago) not only inspired enter-
prise and led to discoveries the magnitude and
importance of which cannot be overestimated,
but in the time of the severest trials of the
Union, no people were more loyal than the
miners. They lost no opportunity to enlist in
your armies or contribute to the support of the
Government. Their liberal donation to the sani-
tary fund was but a slight manifestation of their
deep love of the Union and sympathy for its suf-
fering heroes. The little town in which I reside
contributed in gold coin over §112,000, being
at the time about thirty dollars to each voting
inhabitant, and a like liberality was displayed
by the whole coast. The people are truly
grateful to a generous Government, and time
seems to have strengthened the tender regard
they feel for their native land and their early
homes. But they look with jealous eyes upon
every proposition for the sale of the mines
which they have discovered and made valuable.
Any public man who advocates it, with what-
ever motive, is liable to be condemned and
discarded as an unfaithful servant. The rea-
son for this is obvious. It is their all, secured
through longyears of incessant toil and priva-
tion, and they associate any sale with a sale at
auction where capital is to compete with pov-
erty, fraud and intrigue with truth and honesty.
It is not, because they do notdesirea fee-simple
title, for this they would prize above all else :
but most of them are poor and unable to pur-
chase in competition with capitalists and spec-
ulators, which the adoption of any plan here-
tofore proposed would compel them to do; and
for these reasons the opposition to the sale of
the mineral lands has been unanimous in the
mining States and Territories.
To extend the preemption system, applicable
to agricultural lands, to mines is absolutely
absurd and impossible. Nature does not de-
posit the precious metals in rectangular forms
descending between perpendicular lines into the
earth, but in veins or lodes varying from one
foot, to three hundred feet in width, dipping
from a perpendicular from one to eighty degrees'
and coursing through mountains and ravines
at nearly every point of the compass. In ex-
ploiing for vein mines it is a vein or lode that
is discovered, not a quarter section of land
marked by surveyed boundaries. In working
a vein more or less land is required, depending
upon its size, course, dip, and a great variety
ot other circumstances not possible to provide
for in passing general laws. Sometimes these
veins are found in groups, within a few feet of
each other, and dipping into the earth at an
angle of from thirty to fifty degrees, as at Frei-
berg, in Saxony, or Austin, in Nevada. In
such ease a person buying a single acre in a
rectangular form would have several mines at
the surface and none at five hundred or a thou-
sand feet in depth. With such a division of a
mine, one owning it at the surface, another at
a greater depth, neither would be justified in
expending money in costly machinery, deep
shafts, and long tunnels for the working of
the same. Nor will it do to sell the land in
advance of discovery, forthiswould stop explo-
rations and practically limit our mining wealth
to the mines already found, for no one would
prospect with much energy upon the land of
another, and land speculators never find mines.
Ihe mineral lands must remain open and free
to exploration and development, and while this
policy is pursued our mineral resources are
inexhaustible. There is room enough for every
prospector who wishes to try his luck in hunt-
ing for new mines for a thousand years of ex-
