THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
ner I have state d. One gentleman who has just
been elected a Senator from that State declared,
as I was informed, that the question was one
practically to be submitted to the people, and
that when it came to be submitted, he added
humorously, ' ' I shall vote just as I please.
Now, in view of these facts, I deemed it neces-
sary to'state that the issue in my State, so far
as this issue was allowed, actually turned on the
" question of amending our constitution so that
'Some negroes might vote, and it did not turn
upon the question of allowing all negroes to
vote. I am with, the people on the question of
qualified suffrage, which is as far as the platform
goes. For it is simply to strike out the word
white," which was necessary in order to have
qualified suffrage. _
I trust the House will pardon me for taking
up this much time in personalexplanation. I
would not even now use any discourtesy to the
gentleman who has provoked this debate. I
wish to stand simply right upon the record,
touching the action of my own district and the
confidence of the people in me. There is a bet-
ter tribunal than the gentleman from Daven-
port, [Mr. Price,] who very nearly lost liis own
county, with its noble Union majorities, as he
knows, in consequence of his views on this sub-
ject. And I believe when it comes to be known
what the action of my State will be, that it will
establish essentially the principle adopted by
Massachusetts, and cement and perpetuate the
institutions of'tliis country, by making intelli-
gence and virtue, as far as practi cable, the basis
of the right of suffrage among this people.
Mr. J (JUAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. PRICE. I ask to bp allowed two min-
utes to reply.
Mr. JULIAN. T give way.
Mr. PRICE. I can state to the House in two
minutes all I have to Kay. I have established
the fact that the question of negro suffrage was
before my State in that election, and all my col-
leagues, except the member from the fifth dis-
trict, will corroborate my statement. _ So much
in regard to that question of veracity. The
gentleman has raised another. All I have to
say in reference to the writing of the resolution
I will say to this House, and I will bring proof-
clear, plain, positive, and overwhelming—that
what I have said about that is correct, and the
statement of my colleague is, as a matter of
course, incorrect.
A Membkr. Who wrote the letter?
Mr. PIUCE. I know who wrote it. I ven-
ture to say that I can tell exactly what name is
signed to it. A man does not live twenty-one
years in a place, if he amounts to anything and
is able to say yes and no, without making some
enemies.
Now, in reference to the gentleman just elect-
ed to the United States Senate, J wish lo read
a short paragraph from a paper published in
the Slate of Iowa within a week past:
"Governor furltwood's i'ri emls arc. however, qnite
sure of his success, and may, oi tourse, be: ri^lit. tfin-
Ktilarly enough, singular m view of the 'conserva-
tive' eflbj L1, of the Inbtcump.inut. Hie onlv bone of
contention between the friemisol MHnrir.nand
Kirkwood, as to principles. is as to ivhich ot' their
respective candidates is the moi-t radical I "
That is the question. My colleague was in
the canvass for United States Senator, but not
being very radical, I think his votes could bo
counted by about ihree. I will bring the proof in
regard to the resolution referred to, that it was
written without any knowledge on my part—
such proof as no man can call in question.
Mr. KASSON. 1 wish simply lo say that I
was not in the seuaioiial canvass : and that
again the gentleman's habit of saying yes or no
leads to a very incorrect statement, and leads
me to_ commend again to him the propriety of !
knowing the facts before ho undertakes to state '
i hem. A letter of mine, dated before the Legis-
lature met for the canvass, was written to the
members of the delegation from my own county,
positively refusing the use of ray name for cither
the short or the long term. That letter the gen-
tleman of course did not seem to be aware of,
although I am told the papers had announced
my declination. It is true that at one time I
was a candidate, but after reflection I withdrew
my name absolutely.
Mr. JULIAN resumed the floor.
TEST OATH FOE ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a priv-
ileged motion. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Committee
on the Judiciary were instructed to inquire into
the expediency of abolishing the test oath so
far as relates to attorneys at law.
Mr. HILL. With the consent of my col-
league [Mr. Julian] I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And accordingly (at thirty-five minutes past
three o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 10, 18GG.
Prayer by the Chaplain, lie v. E. H. Oil AT.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. HARRIS. I observe by the reading of
the Journal that the papers in the case of Jane
W. Ncthaway were referred to the Committee
on Claims. I intended to move that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions. That is
the appropriate committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, and the reference to the
Committee on Pensions will be ordered.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Com-
modore T. Turner, United States Navy, pray-
ing that an aet may be passed granting him a
distributive share of the prize money arising
from the captures of the steamers Aries, Cher-
okee, and St. John, by the blockading squad-
ron off Charleston harbor commanded by him;
which was refened to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Rear Ad-
miral David 1). Porter, United States Navy,
praying that his mother, Mrs. Eveline Porter,
be granted a pension of sixty dollars a month ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Jerome
C. Pillow, who represents that he is a loyal
citizen of the United States, and that a quan-
tity of codon belonging to him was seized and
appropriated by the ollicer in command of the
United States forces at Helena, Arkansas, on
or about the 12th of July, 1802; for which loss
he prays that compensation may be granted to
him ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, praying for an increase of the pay of offi-
cers of the United States Navy, together with a
report of a special committee of the Chamber
of Commerce which was appointed to make in-
vestigations on the subject; which was referred
to she Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, in which they
ask Congress to declare null and void all laws
and parts of laws which make disqualifications
and distinctions on account of color. It will be
observed that this petition is broader than a
petition merely asking for suffrage for colored
persons; it asks that all laws that make any dis-
tinction on account of color shall be abolished.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
citizens of Saginaw county, Michigan, remon-
strating against the renewal of the so-called
reciprocity treaty; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a petition of non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, who
have lost legs or arm's, or both, in the United
States service during the late war for the Union,
praying for an increase of pensionwhich was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 22) supplementary to
the several acts relating to pensions bo recommitted
to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the memorials and other papers re-
lating to the improvement of the harbor of Frankfort,
on Lake Michigan, he taken from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered, Thatthepetition of JosephineRiee, widow
of the late Brigadier General James C. Bice, praying
for a pension, be taken from the tiles of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On.motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of J.
W. Gordon, late major jn the eleventh United btates
infantry, praying that the accounting officers of the
Treasury may bo authorized to credit him for pay-
ments of bounty to enlisted men, -be taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. COWAN. Some days ago I had re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims the petition
and accompanying papers of Henry S. Davis,
praying for compensation for fitting up the west
wing of the Patent Office. I now ask leave to
withdraw the petition and papers from that com-
mittee.
Leave was granted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military-
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was recom-
mitted the bill (S. No. f>7) to increase and^ fix
the military peace establishment of the United
States, and the amendment reported yesterday
to strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause and to insert a substitute, have
directed me to report the bill back to the Sen-
ate with some slight amendments to the amend-
ment. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to adopt this amendment now as thus
amended, as a substitute for the original bill,
with a view to have it printed as a whole. The
committee are unanimous in favor of the amend-
ment as a substitute for the original bill, and I
do not think there will bo any difference of opin-
ion about that. The original bill was printed,
and I should like to have the bill as perfected
printed, so that we can have it before us to-
morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that there
would be any objection to that unless it be that
by adopting that as an amendment now the
Senate will preclude itself from amending that
amendment in the future.
Mr. WILSON. They will not do that.
Mr. GRIMES. My inquiry is this: if the sub-
stitute bo adopted as an amendment now, will
not the Semite be precluded from amending that
amendment whenever the bill shall be printed
as the Senator desires and come up for the ac-
tion of the Senate? If the Senator will sim-
ply report his amendment as a substitute, and
have the entire bill printed, and then let us pass
on it. doubtless it will be satisfactory to us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
would be amendable in the Senate, but it might
embarrass the action of the Senate in Commit-
tee of the Whole if the amendment was now
substituted for the original bill.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to print-
ing it in the way suggested by the Senator from
Iowa, but I thought it would save time to adopt
the course I proposed. I consent, however, to
the suggestion.
The PRESIDENTjm-o tonpore. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks that the substitute re-
ported by him in lieu of the bill recommitted
to the committee be printed, with the amend-
ments reported, as an original bill. If there
be no objection, the order to print will be so
entered.
NOTICE 01' A BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give notice that to-
morrow, or at some future day, I shall present
the British foreign enlistment act, with a clause
repealing all existing neutrality laws.
