1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3227
ploration, and yet there will be plenty of mines
undiscovered. Itwould be a national calamity
to adopt any system that would close that region
to the prospector.
The question then presents itself, how shall
the Government give title, so important for
permanent prosperity, and avoid these intoler-
able evils.'1 I answer, there is but one mode,
and that is to assure the title to those who now
or hereafter may occupy according to local
rules suited to the character of the mines and
the circumstances of each mining district. The
importance of legislation of this kind is daily
increasing by the agitation of the subject, by
the introduction of bills looking to what the
miners regard as a general system of confisca-
tion, destroying all confidence in mining titles,
and by the absolute necessity of some system
guarantying to capitalists security for their
investment.
Your committee, feeling that the time has
arrived when the prosperity of the country re-
quires a settlement of this question, have care-
fully prepared a substitute for the bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Ohio, which they
believe is free from most of the objections hith-
erto urged to a sale of the mines. The system
proposed by this report may be improved by
experience, but your committee would appre-
hend evil consequences from any material
change of the plan at this time. It continues
the system of free mining, holding the mineral
lands open to exploration and occupation sub-
ject to legislation by Congress and local rules.
It recognizes the obligation of the Government
to respect private rights which have grown up
under its tacit consent and approval. It, is in
harmony with the legislation of 18(55, which
provided that—
"No possessory action between individuals in any
of the courts of the United States for the recovery of
any mining title, or for damages to such title, shall
be affected by the, fact that the paramount title to the
land on which said mines are is in the United States,
but each case .shall be adjudged by the law of pos-
session."
It is also in harmony with the rules of prop-
erty, as understood by a million men, with
the legislation of nine States and Territories,
with a course of judicial decisions extending
over near a quarter of a century and finally
ratified and confirmed by the Supreme Court
of the UnitedStates. In short, it is in harmony
■with justice and good policy.
The plan further proposes to allow the miners
who have and who may hereafter occupy and
improve mines in good faith, and according to
the local rules, to purchase at the rate of live
dollars per acre and receive a patent therefor
in such a form as shall grant the mine with its
dips, spurs, and angles to any depth, with such
reasonable amount of surface as the miners
shall determine by local rules to be necessary
for the working of the same.
It also provides, in case of dispute as to the
right of possession, for the determination of
that question in the local courts where the
miners' laws are understood and fairly admin-
istered. It makes the public surveys conform
to nature, not nature to the surveys. It re-
quires the payment of three per cent,, of the
net proceeds into the Treasury until the na-
tional debt shall have been paid, which is to
be in lieu of the stamp tax now levied. It fur-
nishes the means to actual settlers of acquiring
title to their homesteads by segregating the
agricultural from the mineral lands, and con-
firms the rights to the use of water and the
right of way for ditches as established by local
law and the decisions of the courts. In short,
it proposes no new system, but sanctions, reg-
ulates, and confirms a system to which the
people are devotedly attached, and removes a
cloud of doubt and uncertainty which recently
has depressed and retarded the growth and
prosperity of our mining communities.
In my opinion this bill will furnish homes to
thousands of families, give stability to mining
titles, invite capital, and greatly increase the
production of the precious metals. Th,e pro-
posed tax is not large and will not be oppress-
ive, but it is all the subject will bear, and is
just three per cent, more than the farmer pays
on the net product of his farm, but those who
have net product have money with which to
pay, and the miners never refuse to pay as long
as they have money. Any tax upon the gross pro-
ceeds, however light, is oppressive and unjust.
In the forcible language of the Senator from
California, "it is a tax upon effort." Nearly
all the mines through the various stages of their
development produce more or less gold and
silver, but until they commence making divi-
dends the assessments usually exceed the prod-
uct, and sometimes a hundred to one. Any
further burden under these circumstances tends
to break down the effort before the mine is
proved. It is like the tax on crude petroleum
imposed last year and removed this by a spe-
cial act. It would bo much better policy for
the Government to offer a reward for the dis-
covery and development, of a mine than to
embarrass the prospector who has realized
nothing but loss and privation. The fact that
the explorers and pioneers of a mining region
are usually poor is no reason why the Govern-
ment should not cncourage mining, for wc owe
a large debt, and while it exists a dollar's worth
of gold or silver dug from the earth is much
more serviceable to the Government than a
dollar's worth of cotton or any other product.
The increase of the precious metals serves a
double purpose. A dollar in gold or silver
adds as much to the wealth of the nation, is
just as good an export, and will stimulate com-
merce and enterprise as much, as the choicest
products of any country. If used as an export
it costs less in transportation than any other
product, and the article which it buys pays the
same duty (which is not less than fifty cents
on the dollar) as an article purchased with
cotton or wheat,. But after we have compared
it and find it performing all the functions of
any other commodity, and with more ease, and
facility, we have not yet taken into the account
its most beneficial agency in relieving a nation
burdened with debt. Its great office is to en-
hance values by cheapening metallic currency,
the measure of values. Previous to the war
we had no natiomal debt. Our financiers were
not interested to inquire how the burdens of
the nation could be lightened by large and
increasing yields from the mines, but war has
changed our situation and incumbered us with
three thousand millions of debt, willi accu-
mulating interest, which, before it can be paid,
will reach the enormous sum of not less than
six thousand millions, principal and interest,
all to be paid in gold or its equivalent. Our
financial circumstances are now entirely simi-
lar to those of the nations of Europe, encum-
bered with vast pecuniary obligations. Their
experience and investigations have become
subjects of living interest. While labor is the
real standard of value and the ultimate source
of wealth, gold and silver are the universal
measures of value, not only of the value of
every other commodity, but ihey are the test
by which every other circulating medium is
estimated, thus educating the popular mind in
the erroneous belief that a piece of gold of a
given degree of fineness retains a fixed and
permanent value.
The fallacy of this is exposed by the fact
that in every country a, certain amount of labor,
the true standard of value, commands differ-
ent prices at different times. And this result
does not follow so much from the ^uied pro-
ductiveness of the labor as from the change-
able supply of the current coin, thus clearly
establishing that the cheapness of gold depends
upon its abundance. And this theory is strongly
fortified by historical facts. At the commence-
ment of the sixteenth century, and anterior to
the discovery of the gold and silver mines of
Mexico and South America, the commercial
world was limited to about one hundred and
sixty-five millions of metallic currency. As an
evidence of the high price of gold and the com-
parative low estimate of labor, there was no
silver coin even sufficiently small to offer in
recompense for a day's toil. At the termina-
tion of the sixteenth century the increased
supply from Mexico and South America raised
the metallic currency to near seven hundred
millions, proportionately enhancing the value
of labor fourfold and quadrupling the price
of land and every article of produce and com-
merce. The gradual advance of the metallic
currency during the seventeenth and eighteenth
centuries, keeping pace to much extent with the
increasing supply of other commodities, failed
to reveal the wide disproportion so marked and
characteristic of the first hundred years that
followed the opening of the gold and silver
fields upon the western continent. The cur-
rent metal of Europe and America of the year
1809 is estimated at 81,800,000,000. Then
began those revolutionary throes in the Spanish
American provinces which almost paralyzed,,
for near half a century, the production of the
precious metals. The meager supply of that
revolutionary period scarcely transcended the
consumption for manufacturing purposes and
the deficit occasioned by wear and loss and
exportation to Asia.
The failure of the metal crop taxed every
energy and resource of the financier and pro-
voked inordinate issue of bills of exchange and
paper money. The time was prolific in financial
crashes, and still the price of labor and the value
of pi operty remained comparatively stationary,
with a disposition to decline. The nations of
Europe, heavily encumbered with debt, were
exhausting their ingenuity to relieve tlio people
from oppressive and ruinous taxation. Their
debt was gold, and the material requisite to
defray it was daily becoming seareerand dearer.
English financiers have candidly conceded that
but for the discovery of gold in California, the
struggle would have terminated in general
ruin and convulsion—a discovery that sud-
denly revolutionized the commercial world
and removed a burden from labor which was
fast becoming too grievous to bear. It is a
pregnant fact, and completely illustrative of
this position, that in 1850 the amount of me-
tallic currency had not advanced beyond the
eighteen hundred millions of the year ISO'J.
It was reserved for California to awaken the
latent energies of the entire mining world.
This youthful and proud and vigorous State is
already enrolled in the history of the monetary
woild as the valorous leader that headed the
forlornest. of hopes and rescued the drooping
nations of Europe from pecuniary ruin and
national dissolution ; for I need not assure the
Senate that money is the sinew and safety tif
modern government. It was California that
aroused the spirit of discovery in Australia
and New South Wales and breathed a revival
in mining enterprise in Mexico and South
America and awoke the slumbering mining
energies of Europe and Asia. This astonish-
ing vigor and impulse, originating upon the
placers that border upon the American river,
have resulted in doubling the metallic'currency
of the commercial world, and increasing in
equal proportion the prices of labor and prop-
erty in the brief space of fifteen short years.
It has enabled England, our emulous rival in
commerce and the arts and amenities of civil-
ization, that was shuddering upon the brink
of a pecuniary abyss, to extricate herself from
a moiety of her enormous debt; because the
property of that country at this moment com-
mands double the amount of gold it could real-
ize fifteen years ago. The same beneficial
result is developed upon the soil of the United
States.
In every section of our land labor secures
twice the quantity of gold that could be ob-
tained previous to the settlement of our people
upon the Pacific coast. 'The farms of the At-
lantic States unenhanced by additional im-
provements. have duplicated their gold value.
The assessed estimate of the property of the
United States in 18-50 exceeded but little the
sum of seven thousand millions, while in 1860
it exhibited an advance of over nine thousand
millions. Is it wisdom to contemplate this in-
