1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1307
least taint of treason, some of them bearing
honorable wounds as the result of their devo-
tion to the Union. And yet with all this evi-
dence in her favor we cannot close our eyes to
this important fact, which is apparent from the
testimony submitted to Congress, that it would
be unsafe to withdraw our military protection
from the State ; that the effect of such with-
drawal would be detrimental to the Union men,
and might place the destiny of the State to a
serious extent in the hands of the rebel por-
tion of her population. This fact of itself is
sufficient to justify Congress in acting with the
utmost caution and deliberation in determining
upon her restoration and right of representa-
tion.
Much of what I hare said respecting the
State and people of Tennessee will apply with
equal force to the State of Arkansas, which,
under the wise and firm military leadership of
one of my own respected constituents. General
Reynolds, is rapidly merging from the errors,
the crimes, and the follies of rebellion, and
preparing to assume a position of loyalty and
devotion to the Union.
Would that I could say half as much in favor
of the other rebel States; for if 1 know my own
heart, I desire to ace all the States once more
in union and harmony with the General Gov-
ernment; but by no vote of mine shall they
ever be rccognized, until I am thoroughly sat-
isfied that it can be done without jeopardizing
in the least the peace, safety, and prosperity of
our people.
constitutional amendments.
Our great charter of liberty, the Constitu-
tion of the United States, formed by wise and
patriotic men, justly claims the regard and ven-
eration of our people. For three quarters of
a century it has protected our citizens, and de-
monstrated the fact, so long problematical, that
man is capable of self-government. At its adop-
tion but thirteen States formed the American
Union, while now it embraces within its juris-
diction thirty-six States, while its capacity to
control by its vast and complicated machinery
an almost indefinite number of States hardly
admits of a serious doubt. At one time but
three million human beings acknowledged its
authority and enjoyedits blessings. That num-
ber has increased tenfold, and still it protects
them all. Jt has carried us safely through two
foreign wars, and survived the terrible shock
of a gigantic rebellion. Amendments to such
a Constitution will not ho made by the people
without due deliberation and reflection. The
changed condition of public affairs will, how-
over." require its amendment; and when the peo-
ple become convinced of the necessity for any
change, thov will undoubtedly act upon such
conviction ;" for however much we may revere
it, we will not lose sight of the fact that the
Constitution was made for the people, and not
the people for the Constitution, and that it is
their right to mold and fashion the funda-
mental law to suit their own judgment. _ Five
years ago the people were almost willing^ to
amend it in the interest of slavery, providing
that the institution should he perpetual, and yet
to-day we find an amendment, but recently
adopted with singular unanimity, declaring that
slavery shall not exist in any portion of our
wide domain.
Cono;re^ carmofc amend the Constitution.
Their action is merely initiatory; they can only
propose amendments for ratification or rejec-
tion by the several Stat.es, acting either through
the Legislatures or by conventions called for
that Specific object: and even this initiatory
action must receive a two-thirds vote of each
House of Congress before the States can be
called upon to act, and such amendments must
be ratified by the votes of three fourths oi' the
States before they become a part of the funda-
mental law.
With all these safeguards and restrictions
thrown around the Constitution, we may well
assume that no changes will ever he made, ex-
cept such as are regarded of the utmost neces-
sity and importance.
The amendment abolishing slavery was a
necessity growing out of the rebellion, and the |
people appreciated and acted upon that neees-
sity.
So with the amendments now pending in
Congress: the first providing against the as-
sumption of the rebel debt, and the second
with reference to the representation of the sev-
eral States in the House of Representatives
and the Electoral College. The second is de-
manded by the abolition of slavery, which,
without such amendment, would give to the
late slave States an undue and unjust amount
of political power in the Government, for the
reason that before slavery was abolished the
slave States were entitled to representation for
only three fifths of their slaves, while now they
are entitled to representation for all their for-
mer slaves.
Representation should bo based on actual
voters in each State, and so long as the right of
suffrage is withheld from the freedmen, so long
should the States in which they reside be de-
prived of the exercise of political power based
upon that population. This is a proposition so
just, so democratic, that the American people
will at no distant period make it a part of their
Constitution.
Another amendment of great importance in
view of the recent rebellion, and as a security,
to a great extent, against any future rebellion,
should be proposed by Congress, providing—
That any person wlio lias born, or shall hereafter
he, engaged in rebellion against the (roverament of
the United States, shall be disfranchised and rendered
incapable of holdinpr any office of honor or emolu-
ment under the Government against which he re-
helled.
These changes I regard as essential to our
future welfare and safety as a people, and then-
adoption is demanded by the events of the last
five years. We must never lose sight of the
lessons taught us by such bitter experience, and
if we are wise, if we are true to ourselves, we
will profit by that experience, and thus add to
the power and perpetuity of our Government.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, permitme to say
that the country is not yet saved; the sentinel
upon the watch-tower cannot yet be relieved.
All the vast interests of the country which were
involved and which suffered in this gigantic at-
tempt to destroy our Government must receive
the careful attention of years of wise and pa-
tient legislation, even after all the States shall
have been recognized and re.-tored. Questions
of finance, of currency, the public debt, the reg-
ulation of trade and commerce, the protection
of all our people, and especially the freedmen,
in their rights of life, liberty, and property;
questions of revenues, tariff, and taxation, jus-
tice to all our soldiers in the equalization of
bounties, the revision of our pension laws, the
development of our agricultural and mineral
resources: all these, and more, must for years
claim the attention of our people ; and who so
well qualified to solveall these important ques-
tions in the spirit of the age in which we live,
and in the light of surrounding circumstances,
as that party which has thus far preserved the
Government from destruction ?
We need no new part}'. Those who assumed
the once honored name of •' •' Democracy,'' under
which to carry out their traitorous designs, and
have thus brought deserved reproach upon them-
selves and their party cognomen, may need a new
party organization to cover up and hide from
merited public scorn the last five years of their
history. The Union party, which sprang into
existence when rebellion fired its first gun, which
has stood by the Government under every diffi-
culty and saved it thus far from subversion, is
able under the providence of God to meet all
present and future emergencies and solve all
questions pertaining to our national safety and
prosperity. Animated by the common dangers
of the past, by the difficulties of the present, and
the importance of the future, let Union men
press on in the discharge of every duty, dis-
carding mere questions of expediency, about
which a difference of opinion may well be tol-
erated. and remembering that upon their uni-
ted and patriotic action depends the salvation
of the Republic.
RBCOXSTROOTION.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I must apol-
ogize to this House for the tameness of the re-
marks which I am about to make, and especially
for their untimeliness. It will be remembered
that at the opening of the session I made some
remarks upon the condition of the country, and
that I was replied to by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Raymond,] and by the able
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Frees..]
A recess of Congress followed. "When Con-
gress reassembled for business on the 8th of
January, I had prepared some reply to their
remarks,' and had obtained the floor for the
purpose of delivering them, but the respect-
able gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. La-
tham] desired to make a speech on that occa-
sion, and as he was-a young member I yielded
the floor to him, and have never since had an
opportunity to deliver those remarks, which I
did not consider important at any time; and
they have lain by till now.
Now, as this is a school for debate, and as
it has been intimated to me that my turn to
speak had come, I have dug up the old man-
uscript, which is consequently tame, as the most
of it has been since said by myself or others;
and not being willing to lose the paper, [laugh-
ter, ] I have come here for the purpose of saying
now what I had intended to say then. It is
pretty much as follows :
Since I had the honor to speak on the ques-
tions contained in the President's message rel-
ative to reconstruction, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Finck,] and the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Raymond,] have replied to it;
in a few plain remarks I will show with how
much effect. They have very properly directed
their efforts to refuting a single proposition,
as on that depended all subsequent questions.
I asserted that the late "confederate States of
America" had occupied a position which en-
titled them according to the law of nations to
be considered and treated as a belligerent, en-
titled to all the rights and subject to all the
liabilities of a belligerent engaged in a public
war, and that they had been so acknowledged
and treated both by ourselves and all the civil-
ized nations of the world; that they formed a
regular government, raised armies, fitted out
vessels-of-war, and issued commissions to com-
manders both by sea and land which were
accepted by us and by the civilized world as
protecting those who fought under them from
the charge of piracy and murder, and gave them
precisely the same standing as the soldiers of
two foreign nations at war with each other;
that for four years they claimed to be a foreign,
independent nation, and made warto maintain
that declaration.
I argued from this state of facts that the peo-
ple and States within the jurisdiction of the con-
federate government had severed their former
connection with the United States, and broken
the ties which bound them togethernot justly
or legally, but in fad; that the United States
had conquered this formidable power, and as
their conqueror had a right to dispose of them
as they deemed for their own interest, always
duly regarding the law of nations.
To prove the law arisingfromthefacts, I cited
several authorities both from elementary works
of celebrated publicists, and adjudicated cashes
of courts of the last resort. I think no one will
deny that prima facie these authorities made out
my positions. Now, when learned gentlemen
came to reply to an argument founded on legal
authorities, and which is not pretended to be
based on or even fortified by the opinion or judg-
ment of the speaker, it was certainly to be ex-
pected that it would be met by other legal
authorities, either modifying, contradicting, or
overruling those already cited. Legal ques-
tions are to be.decided by authority, by judicial
decisions, or by the works of distinguished
elementary writers. The mere unwritten opin-
ion or judgment of no man or set oi men deliv-
ered in debate can weigh a straw against such
standard authority. I have looked through the
speech of the distinguished gentleman from N ew
York, (which I was not so fortunate as to hear,)
