I860.
THE €ONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 78) to establish certain post roads in the
State of Oregon; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the-Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
NON-INTERCOURSE WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask leave to in-
troduce the joint resolution which I offered yes-
terday.
Leave was granted, and the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 16) declaring non-intercourse be-
tween the United States and the Government
of Great Britain, on account of the refusal of
that Government to make reparation for .dam-
ages inflicted on our commerce by her subjects,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I un-
derstood the resolution as read yesterday. Is
it a resolution of inquiry?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; it is a resolution
declaring non-intercourse.
Mr. JOHNSON. As it is very important
that the decision of the Senate should be known
at once—the mere offering of the resolution is
calculated to awaken great solicitude—I move
to lay it upon the table, and upon that question
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WADE. That motion is not debatable,
but I hope the resolution will not be laid on the
table. 1 hope it will take the usual course, and
bo referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations. That, I think, is the best way to dis-
pose of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the very thing I
wish to avoid, not that I have any doubt as to
the patriotism or good sense of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, but because I think it is
exceedingly desirable that the question should
be disposed of at once; and, as I rather suppose
the Senate are prepared now to decide whether
a resolution like this shall pass, I persist m my
motion to lay it on the table.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to lay on the table is not debatable. The
Senator from Maryland asks that the question'
on that motion betaken by yeas and najs.
The yeas and uays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution at length.
Mr. SHERMAN. I inquire of the Chair
whether it will not bo perfectly competent for
any Senator to move to take up that resolu-
tion at any time if it shall now be laid on the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so competent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope it will be
referred. If laid on the table, it may be called
up any day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to inquire if the
Senator from Michigan wishes to address the
Senate on the subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not. I simply wish
to refer the resolution to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I shall vote to lay
it on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. If it was in order I should
like to appeal to my friend from Maryland to
allowthe resolution to take the ordinary course,
and be referred to the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to oblige the
honorable Senator, but I cannot consent to that
course.
Air. WADE. I will barely say that if it lies
on the table, it will not lie quietly there a great
while.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Co.wan, Da-
vis, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot,Foster, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Henderson, Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith,
Norton, Riddle, Saulshury, Stewart, Stockton, teum-
ner, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—£>.
NAYS —Messrs. Chandler, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, Nye, Poland, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sprague, Trumbull, and Wade—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Conness, Cragm,
Creswell, Doolittle, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Pomeroy, Wright, and Yates—la.
So it was ordered that the joint resolution lie
on the table.
• MILITARY TRIAL OF DAVIS AND CLAY.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg now to present the
joint resolution of which I gave notice yester-
day.
The Secretary read twice by its title a joint
resolution in relation to the trial of Jefferson
Davis and Clement C. Clay.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading "bf
the resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution at length.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not propose to take
up the resolution for consideration at this time,
but I ask for an order that it be printed, and
that in the mean time it lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to make a sug-
gestion to my friend. I ask him whether his
resolution should not bo a concurrent resolu-
tion rather than a joint resolution? As I un-
derstand it, it is in the nature of a call on the
President.
Mr. HOWARD. It is simply a recommen-
dation to him.
Mr. SUMNER. That, I presume, is within
the competence of the two Houses of Congress
to make by a concurrent resolution. A joint
resolution, as the Senator is aware, becomes
an act of legislation which must be signed by
the President. I would suggest, therefore, to
my friend to make a change in the initiatory
words, so as to read, ''resolved by the Senate,
the House of Representatives concurring.''
Mr. HOWARD. I will thank the Clerk to
make that alteration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That alter-
ation will bo made.
Mr. COWAN. As I heard the proposition
read, it is to try those persons by "a commis-
sion." I suggest the propriety of inserting "mil-
itary" before "commission."
Mr. HOWARD. That is the language of the
resolution.
Mr. COWAN. " Military commission ?"
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know that there is
any law for civil commissions.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall not discuss the
question with the learned Senator from Penn-
sylvania whether it is competent to issue a civil
commission. I move that the resolution bo
printed, and lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TILE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the resolution of the Senate authoriz-
ing the joint committee, appointed to inquire
into the condition of the States which formed
the so-called confederate States, to send for
persons and papers.
UNROLLED HILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of tlie House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No.
18) granting certain public property to the Sol-
diers' Orphans' Home, of Iowa; and it was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
C0U11T3 IN INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President he requested, if not
inconsistent with the public interest, to ^communicate
to the Senate any correspondence which may have
taken place between himself and anyof thejudgesof
the Supreme Court touching the holding of the civil
courts of the United States in the insurrectionary
States forthe trial of crimes against, the United States.
DICTIONARY 01J CONGRESS.
Mr. HARRIS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there he printed for the use of the
Senate the regular numbers of copies of the Dictionary
of Congress, as revised and brought down to date, and
that the same copyright be-paid the compiler "thatwas
paid to him by a resolution of this body, adopted 5u&e
20,1864.
BREAKWATER IN LAKE SUPERIOR,.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to: •
Resolved, That the Committee on Coramerco bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an
appropriation for the construction of a breakwater at
the head of Lake Superior, at or near Du Luth, Min-
nesota ; and to report by bill or otherwise. - ; :
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD. -
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
'Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Interior be r'e-
auested to communicate to the Senate copies of all
documents, papers, and maps on file in his Depart-
ment, relating to the branch of the Union Pacific rail-
road from Sioux City, Iowa.
PRINTING OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That tho report of the Secretary of War,
communicating copies of the records and proceedings
of the military commission in relation to thetrial and
conviction of E. W. Andrews of South Carolina, J. M.
Brown and C. C. Reese of Georgia, J. L. McMillan
and Neill MeUill of North Carolina, bo printed,
NATIONAL MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
in regard to tho Military Asylum which was
under consideration yesterday evening; tho
Senator from Iowa has an amendment which
can be disposed of in a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
54) to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate a National Military and Naval Asylum
for the relief of the totally disabled officers and
men of the volunteer forces of the Unite'd
States."
Mr. GRIMES. I offer as a new section, iio
come in before the last section of the bill, the
following amendment:
And be it further enacted, That so much of the act to
which tins is amendatory as provides for tho estab-
lishment of a naval in connection with a military
asylum, and so much of said act a.s provides that all
stoppages or fines adjudged against naval officers and
seamen by sentence of courts-martial or military
commission, at! forfeitures on account of desertion
from tho naval service, and all moneys dne to de-
ceased naval officers and seamen which are or may be
unclaimed for three years after the death of such offi-
cer or seaman, shall be appropriated for the estab-
lishment of the asylum or asylums contemplated and
provided for by this act and tho act of which this is
amendatory, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed.
POST ROADS.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, the bill (II. R.
No. 01) to establish certain post roads was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to establish additional post roads in
-Massachusetts, Oregon, Vermont, New York,
Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Ohio, and West Vir-
ginia.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads of the Senate proposed to amend the
bill by adding tho following:
michioan.
From Coopersvillc to Squire's Ferry.
minnesota.
From Hastings, via Cannon Falls, to Kenyon,
From Saint Cloud to Fort Ripley on the west bank
oi tho Mississippi river.
From Watcrtown to Glencoe. „
From Blue Uarth City, Minnesota, to \ ankton, Da-
kota Territory. .
From Hutchinson, via Cedar, Greenleaf, IvandigoU,
and Irving, to Toraji.
From Henderson, by Arlington, New Auburn, \\ lt-
adan Lake, and Fort Wadsworth.in DakotaTcrritory,
to Fort Rice on Missouri river.
dakota.
From Fort Wadsworth to Devil's Lake,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I offer another amemdmentto
be added to the bill.
iowv.
From Boonsboro to Panora.
From Wintersel, via Quincy, Clarinda, anu Marya-
villo, to Savannah in Missouri,
