THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
. Asthe Senator from Minnesota has observed,
we have two bridges now-across the Mississippi
river connecting the State of Iowa with the
.State of Illinois. There has been complaint,
and: constant complaint, about one of those
bridges ever since it was erected, not bccause
they do not open -the draw in ample time
whenever a steamboat presents itself and de-
mands passage, but because they were unfor-
tunate in placing the piers at the time of its
origins^ construction so-that they do not stand
.parallel with the current. Now, this bill spe-
cifically requires that in the bridges authorized
to be erected under it this necessary point shall
be provided for.
1 hen another trouble with Rock Island
bridge, where this difficulty has been, is that it
is situated right at the foot of the rapids, where
the current which comes over the rapids for ten
.miles above is much more rapid than at any
other point in the Mississippi river from St.
Anthony to New Orleans, except at another
rapids known as the Des Moines rapids. Those
conditions do not exist anywhere else on the
river, and no bridge built exactly upon the plan
of the Bock Island bridge would present there-
fore the same impediments tlxat the Rock Island
bridge does. But the bill which has come from
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
requires that the draw through which boats
will be compelled to pass shall be much larger
than the draw at Rock Island. I think if I
remember aright the draw at the Rock'lsland
bridge is one hundred and twelve feet.
Mr. RAMSEY. One hundred and twelve
and one hundred and seventeen feet.
Mr. -GRIMES. Under the bill which is now
before us, thg draw will be one hundred and
seventy-five feet.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not one hundred and sev-
enty-five feet in the clear; about one hundred
ana fifty or probably a few feet more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That had better be lim-
ited so as to make it clear.
Mr. GRIMES. The only objection I had
when I read the bill was that it seemed to me
that tho Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads were requiring rather too much when
they required a draw of one hundred and sev-
enty-five feel, because the difficulty at the Clin-
ton bridge and the Rock Island bridge has
never been^in consequence of the width of the
draw, but in consequence of the flow of. the
current occasioncd by settingthe piers improp-
erly at.the time the bridge was constructed.
Now, what will bo tho effect of the passage
of this bill if wo adopt it? The Chicago, Bur-
lington, and Quincjr Railroad Company are
already about to build a bridge at the place
where I live. They have the authority from
tho State of Illinois to do it, and they have the
authority of the State of Iowa to do it. They
will not put in as wide a draw is required
by this statute unless this statute is passed.
Your passing the statute, therefore, facilitates
the commerce of the river, by compelling them
to put in such a draw as the navigation of the
Mississippi river requires; so that in every
point of view it seems to me it would be advis-
able if this bill should pass; and living on the
liver as I do, and interested in the navigation
as I am, a navigation which has been the build-
ing up of my town, I am perfectly free to declare
that I believe the interests of the river com-
merce as well as the interests of the internal
commerce of the State that wants to find its
way eastward over the various railroads that
connect them, across the Mississippi river with
the country east of them, to the eastern States,
require that authority should be granted to
companies to bridge the Mississippi river. I
do not think there is the slightest incompati-
bility between the navigation of tlie Mississippi
river and the commercial interests of the rail-
roads, provided a bill shall be passed properly
guarded, as I believe the bill now under the
consideration of the Senate is.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I should like to ask
my friend from Iowa whether, from his knowl-
edge of the river, the current where the boats
pass does not change from time to time, and
then, further, whether provision is made in
this bill -to secure the building of the piers so
as to meet that contingency.
Mr. GRIMES. The current does change
sometimes during the season of floods in the
spring, but any company that owns a bridge
will see to it that tho .piers ore so arranged that
the current will run through their draw. I
have had a little experience in this question
of currents myself. Sometimes the river threat-
ens to leave a town on the banks; it becomes
necessary, therefore, for the corporate author-
ities or individuals to throw in obstructions
above, so as to cause a set of the current to
run by the landing or levee of the village where
it was originally, and which it has threatened
to leave. Thejr had a very good illustration
of that in the city of St. Louis. St. Louis, a
fewyears ago, was threatened to be left entirely
away from the river; but by the expenditure
of some thousands of dollars, I do not know
how many, by putting in obstructions, stop-
ping the flow of the current on the Illinois
side, they caused the current to flow back,
along down on the Missouri side, so as to make
their landing a great deal better than it was
before the river threatened to leave them. The
railroad company will see to it that the chan-
nel is through their draw.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have here the opinion of
Captain Blakely, a gentleman of long experi-
ence in the navigation of the Mississippi x-iver,
who gives this as his opinion:
"The draw,if on© is built,should be made as wide
as is practicable to build and h&ve it answor a good
purpose for tho railroad, say no less than one hun-
dred and fifty feet in the elcar between the center
pior and the pier on which the end of the draw rests
when closed, and if found practicable, no less than
one hundred and seventy-five feet in the clear."
Captain W. P. Davidson, who has been a
long and successful navigator on the upper Mis-
sissippi, says:
"I think seotion two of the bill"—
Alluding to one of the railroad bridge bills
sent to him—
"should be amended by forcing the company to build
a draw"—
considering that less obstructive than a bridge
with continuous spans.
But, Mr. President, we did not feel at lib-
erty to report against the allowance of bridges,
and in many respects thought it advantageous
to seize this opportunity of regulating them.
I would, however, at thesametime, desire that
Congress should create a commission, author-
ize the President or Secretary of War to send
a commission to survey the whole river, and
decide, at least asto the future, what should
be the character of the bridges there. The
probability is that before the close of the next
session of Congress you will be compelled to
authorize a dozen of these bridges. The thing
will get to ."be serious when they come to be so
numerous as that. I think we have guarded
this bill as well as, with the light before us, it
was possible for us to do; and yet I should like
when this extensive building of bridges on the
Mississippi river is entered upon, to have the
opinion of a board of scientific engineers; and
with that view, some days since I introduced a
joint resolution, which was referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce, but they have not
seen fit to return it yet with a report. I feel
reluctant to vote for any other bridge than the
one reported by the Post Office Committee in
this bill, simply because it is but one; though
I have no particular objection to any other ex-
cept as to the number; but I hope that when
this bill passes we shall authorize a commission
to be sent to survey the river and determine
and settle the essential points to be guarded in
the construction of these bridges; how, where
at the same time the railroads "may be accom-
modated, the navigation shall be preserved. It
is of great importance, not only to us, but to
the whole country, that this should be done.
My resolution, to vvhich I have referred, and
which was introduced some -days ago, was in
this language:
" That the Secretary of War bo directed to appoint
a commission, to consist of three offioers of the corp3
of Engineers of the Army, to examine and report at
tho present session of Congress, if practicablo. and if
not, before the next session of Congress, upon tho
subject of the construction of railroad bridges across
the Mississippi river at such localities and upon such
plans of construction as will offer tho least impedi-
ment to the navigation of'the river; and that tha
sum of $10,000, ot so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to defray the expenses of aaid commission."
I should very much prefer, before very many
bridges are authorized, that this commission
should be sent out to view the river, and fur-
nish us the best information on the subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, as an additional section:
And beit further enacted, That abridge may be con-
structed at the town of Hannibal, in the State of Mis-
souri, so as to connect the Hannibal and St. Joseph
railroad with the Pike County and Great Western
railroads of Illinois, on the same term's, and subject
to the same restrictions, as contained in this act for
the construction of the bridge at Quincy, Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment does
not provide who is to construct the bridge; it
does not authorize any particular parties to
construct the bridge. It says that a bridge
may bo built there. Do you mean to authorize
the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Com-
.pany to build it?
Mr. HENDERSON. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who is to build it?
Mr. HENDERSON. The amendment says
that it may be built under tli? same terms and
subject to the same restrictions as the bridge
at Quincy ; that is, it is to be built by a com-
pany appointed by the two States of Missouri
and Illinois. It is to be done by an independ-
ent company; it cannot be built by the railroad
company.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment as amended
was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
second section of the bill by striking out, in
lines thirty-eight and thirty-nine, the words,
"whose construction shall not be such as to
admit of their passage under the permanent
span of said bridge;" so as to make the pro-
viso read:
And provided also, That said draw shall be opened
promptly upon reasonable signal for the passage of
boats, except when trains are passing over the same;
but in no case shall unnecessary delay occur in open-
ing the said draws after the passage of trains.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see why these
words should be struck out. The Senator from
Minnesota has charge of the bill, and I call his
attention to the proposed amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why should the bridge
company be required to open the draw when
there is no occasion for it? *Why open the
draw for a vessel that can pass under the per-
manent spans?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state my reason
for offering this amendment in a very few WQrds.
The proviso now requires that the—
Draw shall be opened promptly upon reasonable
signal for the passage of boats whose construction
shall not be such as to admit of their passage under
the permanent spans of said bridge, except when
trains are passing over the same.
It strikes _ me that if these draw-bridges be
built there will be controversy between the boat-
men and bridge owners in regard to the neces-
sity of opening the draws. At certain stages
of water on the sides of the draws a certain
class of boats may pass under the permanent
spans. There will be permanent spans on
either side; the bill requires them. A small
boat comes along that is not more than thirty
or forty feet high, or, perhaps, a boat that is
not more than twenty feet, or ten feet, if you
please. It wants to pass through tho draw,
and the owners of the bridge declare that there
is no necessity for opening the draw ; that the
boat may very well pass beneath the perma-
nent span. Who is to settle the controversy
between the boatman and the owners of the
bridge as to whether, upon proper signal, the
draw shall be opened or not? If boats can
pass under the span they will give no sig-
nal ; if they cannot, they will give the signal;
