1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
political body having the authority to send Sen-
ators here bear upon the right of those individ-
uals to seats here. This resolution provides
only that papers relating to the rights of the
constituent body to send Senators here shall
be referred to this joint committee. One is the
evidence of the right of individuals to represent
a constituency, but the papers which this reso-
lution refers to, and which are to go to the
joint committee, are papers which bear upon
the right of the constituency to be represented
here. The distinction is very apparent.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, 1 believe the
time fixed for the consideration of the special
order has arrived.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pres-
ent occupant of the chair was not in the chair
at the adjournment of the Senate yesterday, and
he is under the impression that no special order
was made. If there was a special order made,
the Chair will be corrected by the Journal. The
Chair understands that the bill to which the
Senator from Kentucky refers was postponed
until to-day at one o'clock, but not made a spe-
cial order. Perhaps it was the understanding
of the Senate that the bill should then be taken
up, but there was no motion made to make it a
special order.
Mr. DAVIS. The understanding of the Sen-
ate was that it should be taken up at one o' clock
to-day.
The PRESIDENT[pro tempore. The Chair
understands that such was the impression of the
Senate, although the bill was not made a special
order.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Kentucky that the vote be taken
on this subject now. 1 have said all that 1 in-
tended to say, except this: while I agree with
the Senator from Rhode Island, that this reso-
lution does not cover the case of credentials, I
do not agree with the constitutional principle
which is asserted here on every hand, that it
would not be competent for the Senate to refer
credentials either to this joint committee or to
the common council of the city of Washington,
Or make any other reference of them they
choose. There is nothing in tho Constitution
against it.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the bill that was
set for to-day at one o'clock be now taken up.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall have a
vote on this resolution. I fancy that the debate
upon it is over. [" Oh, no. "] If it is not, we
may as well have it now as any other time. I
should like to have the resolution disposed of.
I do not wish to press it against the wishes of
any Senator who may desire to address tho Sen-
ate upon it, but 1 should like to make some prog-
ress in its consideration to-dav.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps the amendment,
that I have proposed may bring this matter to
an end. If the Senator from Kentucky will
allow us to dispose of this resolution 
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the honorable Senator
will not insist on continuing the debate. The
question is not going to be taken now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate postpone the present and all
other orders, and proceed to the consideration
of the bill named by the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The motion was agreed to.
district 01? columbia suffrage.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 1) to regulate the elective franchise
in the District of Columbia ; the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment reported by the
Committee on the District of Columbia, as a
substitute for the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the Senator from
Kentucky addresses the Senate, I desire to sub-
mit an amendment to the amendment reported
by the committee, in order that we may have
the whole subject before the Senate. In the
seventh line of the first section of the amend-
ment, after the word "States," I move to in-
sert the words, "and excepting persons who
may have voluntarily left the District of Colum-
bia to give aid and comfort to the rebels in the
late rebellion."
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the bill just
read is properly and in its order before the Sen-
ate. On yesterday morning it and all the other
orders were set aside by the request of theion-
orable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] to
take up a bill upon which he desired to express
his views. This was done in conformity to the
usual courtesy of the Senate, and most prop-
erly; and that Senator proceeded to deliver a
long and able speech on that measure.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sto-
ker] was present while all this was being done,
and intervened no objection. When the Sena-
torfrom Vermont had concluded his argument,
and it was not then proposed to proceed fur-
ther with that subject, the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Morriij.,] by my desire,
moved to set aside all other pending orders,
and to assign the bill now before the Senate for
one o'clock to-day; and I requested, as a mat-
ter of courtesy personal to myself, that the
Senate would make that order. The Senator
from Massachusetts objected, and in such man-
ner as to imply that my appeal to the courtesy
of the Senate was not intended to comprehend
liim; and in this he was certainly correct.
There is no member of the Senate who so often
asks, or presumes, upon its courtesy as he; and
there is none so little disposed to extend it to
i^ther Senators, whether it be asked or unasked
by them. On objecting to my request, he in-
quired of me if the speech which I desired to
make could not be made on another bill that
had been proposed to be taken up; and upon
my expressing a negative, lie had the assurance
to refer to still another bill, and to ask me if
my speech could not as well be made on one
of them as the measure now under considera-
tion.
I was not surprised by the conduct of that.
Senator, and do not now complain of it or feel
aggrieved by it. I know that he could not
avoid it; that with him such conduct is inevita-
ble. I never ask a courtesy at the hands of
that Senator.
But to the Senator from Maine, for making
the motion at my instance, to the Senator from
Illinois, for withdrawing his objection, and to
the Senate for allowing it, I do make my re-
spectful acknowledgments.
Mr. President, Congress is empowered by the
Constitution to exercise exclusive legislation in
all cases whatsoever in the District of Columbia.
The object of that provision was to withdraw the
seat of the Government of the United States from
State jurisdiction, and to place it under the con-
trol of the General Government, to prevent any
exercise of power that would molest, the persons
administering that Government, or interfere
with them in the performance of their duties. It
was more to protect the Government itself than
to give it jurisdiction over the people of the Dis-
trict. The men who devised that arrangement
were too wise and practical to have intended
that tho Senators and Representatives of the
aggregated States should undertake by their i
legislation to regulate all the local affairs of this
people. Such a duty can be much more con-
veniently and wisely performed by every people,
acting by representatives which they themselves
choose: and it is their natural right, too, to gov-
ern themselves by such an agency.
The members of the Convention, organizing
their system on the principle thai all legitimate
government is founded on the consent of the ]
governed, did not intend to ignore that priuci- |
pie as to this District. Their purpose was that i
its people should make their own laws and gov- i
eru themselves ; and that Congress should ex-
orcise a supervisory legislative power, and con-
trol their legislation only when it should be
necessary to protect the Federal Government
and its personnel from the action of the Dis-
trict authorities.
It seems to me, then, that the proper system
for this District would be for Congress to or-
ganize a government analogous to the territo-
rial governments, constituting a legislative body
consisting of two Houses, and an executive offi-
cer and courts, to be chosen periodically -by
such of its people as are now authorized to vote
in its elections; and they also to elect, .every
two years, a Delegate to Congress to represent
the interests of the District to that body. The
laws passed by its Legislature to take effeet
from the times therein respectively named, to-
be submitted to the. next ensuing Congress, and
to continue in operation until disapproved ;byi
it, or repealed by the Legislative Assembly of-"
the District.
The measure under consideration proposes-
to confer the elective franchise on every male-
negro of twenty-one years of age, who has re-
sided six months in the District, and who shall
be able to read the Constitution of the United'
States in the English language, and write his
name. The reading and writing will be found
practically to be no qualification, for soon, about
all will be_ able to spell, if not to read through
the Constitution, and to scrawl their names, or
at any rate to prove their ability to do both by
some American citizen of African descent. And
how much more capable will the colored citi-
zen be to take part in the trivial matter of
government, after having made such amazing
attainments, than he was before ?
The right to vote is not a natural, but an arti-
ficial right, as well in our country as all others "
wherever it has been exercised; and in the coun-
tries where it has been most diffused it never
was allowed to one fourth of the people, the
women and minors and many other small classes
not being permitted to voteunderthe most popu-
lar Governments. From our systems the negro
has been always shut out, except in a few locali-
ties; and in a majority of them for a short period
only was this mischievous anomaly tolerated. It
is probably no exaggeration to say, that from
the beginning 50,000 individual negroes, in the
aggregate, have not exercised the right of suf-
frage in the United States. This District and
the adjoining States have been settled by the
white inan, and under his popular government
for more than two hundred years, and during
that period they have had dwelling within them,
free negroes, and never have they been suffered
to vote. Why this late and strange innovation?
By the tables of the census of 1800, the white
population of this District was 30,637; the free
negro population, 8.361; and the slave popula-
tion, 4,G'J4; making a total negro population of
13,055; a very small fraction under one fourth of
the aggregate population of tho District. What
new light has burst upon the world and upon the
Senate to disclose the necessity, or the great
usefulness, of the negroes of this District exer-'
cising the right of suffrage in its elections? Is
it necessary to bring back the rebel States to
their true loyalty? Cannot the Union be re-
stored to harmony and 'peace and fraternity
without it? Cannot the men charged with the
administration of public affairs in this District,
proceed with sufficient security and quietude in
the performance of their duties unless they are
hedged around by negro votes? Does somegreat
national object or policy require this enlarge-
ment of popular sovereignty at the capital?
How many States allow negro suffrage ? Mas-
sachusetts, Vermont, Rhode Island, and New
York. All the others forbid it; and, notwith-
standing the extreme acme to which the negro-
mania has risen in the free States since the
rebellion broke out, Connecticut, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, Nevada, and Colorado have voted
against negro suffrage. The States that have
passed upon the question, except Iowa, have
voted it down by their white people, with light
majorities it is true, except Colorado; and if
the white race of those States respectively, by
meager majorities, can vote down negro suffrage
in them, why should not the white race of this
District, voting about two hundred to one, exer-
cise a similar right? Is it because in Connecti-
cut there are but 8,02V negroes to 451,520 whites;
in Wisconsin 1,171 negroes to 774,710 whites;
in Minnesota 259 negroes to 173,596 whites ;
while in this District one fourth of the whole
population are negroes? Of the Stales which
lllow negro suffrage, Vermont has 709 negroes
and 314,380 whites; Rhode Island has 3,052
