1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
House ; and they said he was supported by a
late rebel mayor of this city, who was gratui-
tously furnished lodgings in one of our penal
forts for some time. [Great laughter.] All
these circumstances they threw about it. The
people may have been deceived; but we who
knew the President knew it was a lie from the
start. [Renewed laughter.]
Now, sir, having shown my friends that all
it is built upon is fallacious, I hope they will
permit me to occupy the same friendly position
w;th the President I did before. [Laughter. ]
Mr. PRICE. I am satisfied the House and
the country will agree with me there was a mis-
take, a veiy great mistake, and although I have
not lived as long as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I have found history cannot always
be depended upon, and but for this accidental
occurrence that would have gone down m his-
tory as a fact. Probably, sir, the present and
succeeding generations would not have dis-
covered it had not this fact been opportunely
developed. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. Iknowthe gentleman issat-
isfied now it is all a hoax. [Renewed laughter. ]
But I will proceed, sir. I am glad to find
the President is not in the dilemma in which
these gentlemen would put him. What lie has
done has not been done to' 'States in the U uion,''
but to conquered provinces ; and he has done it,
not as President under any power in the Consti-
tution, but as Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
exercising military authority. In the exercise
of such authority it is not surprising that he
should sometimes mistake the dividing line
between civil and martial law, and be tempted
to overstep the boundaries of authority in pur-
suit of what his ardent patriotism supposed to
be the public good. How unfortunate these
men in power cannot realizethat 110 permanent
public advantage can arise out of disregard of
organic law! Remember that I am arguing
from the position of the States which the gen-
tlemen assume for the President, $nd for them-
selves as the President's friends, not from my
own position. The President goes into the State
of Tennessee—a State in the Union say they,
of course coequal with all other States—he ap-
points a provisional governor, which, if he
means thereby a military governor, he had a
right to do as Commander-in-Chief of a con-
quering army, if she was a conquered tenitory ;
but as a State what riglil, had he to appoint a
governor? Whence does he derive his author-
ity ? It is not in the Constitution of the United
States nor in the constitution of Tennessee.
He put it under martial law, and then directs
his governor to call a convention of certain
citizens to form a constitution. He fixes the
qualification of voters. He finally prescribes
the constitution which this convention shall
adopt. Governor Brownlow in an address in-
forms the people of Tennessee that as they were
in rebellion the President has a right to order
them what constitution to adopt. What a free
people! What a republican restoration!
So of the others. South Carolina has a gov-
ernor appointed in like manner. In rebuilding
her government, as per order, she wanted to lay
a foundation, and sent word to the President
stating its shape. Ho orders them to give it
another round. They do so, and await his
approbation. Still another, he demands—to
aclopt the constitutional amendment. That
body muster courage enough to demur to the
second section. Mr. Seward scolds them with
imperial dignity ; tells them that " appropriat e
legislation" is a restraining term; tells them
that they are querulous, and orders them forth-
with to 'obey. Obedience was instantaneous ;
thanks to the virtue of martial law and fixed
bayonets!
Virginia had assembled the free representa-
tives of fragments of about eleven townships
out of one hundred and forty-two^ counties,
elected in spots between the contending armies
on disputed ground—twelve men who met
within the Federal lines, called itself a conven-
tion. formed a constitution, ordered elections
for the whole State, and Governor Peirpoint
received about thirty-three hundred votes for
Governor (half Yankee soldiers, I suspect) and
was proclaimed in the market-house of Al-
exandria Governor of imperial Virginia, the
mother of statesmen. In "reconstruction" the
President acknowledged him as the Governor,
and those twelve as the representatives of a
million and quarter of people, and counts this
Virginia as one of the twenty-seven States that
adopted the constitutional amendment. I am
fond of genteel comedy, but this low farce is too
vulgar -to be acted on the stage of nations. Are
these free republics, such as the United States
are bound to guaranty to all the States in the
Union? Should these swindles, these impos-
tures, bred in the midst of martial law, without
authority from Congress, be acknowledged
here ?
But the gentleman from New York says that
these proceedings were had under decrees from
the President. When asked for the President's
authority, he showed a distressing perplexity.
Knowing that the Executive had 110 legislative
powers, he derived the authority to him as Com-
' mander-in-Chief of the armies, and these acts
as flowing from the right of conquest. But the
gentleman forgets that these were 110 conquered
people, but were'merely " States in the Union"
under the paternal care of their benevolent
Father. But taking them as a conquered people,
(their true condition, I admit,) and the Presi-
dent at the head of the conquering force, what
right did that give him to create civil State gov-
ernments or interfere with the duties of the law-
making power of the nation? The gentleman
know that, he had none. Pie then justifies the
imposition of these governments as the terms of
their surrender. Who before ever heard that
any such terms were proposed or accepted?
General Sherman undertook to incorporate into
the surrender of J olmston's army certain terms
for the future government of the rebels; but
he was quickly relieved, and the terms dis-
carded. The gentleman says:
" Sly impression is that these requisitions ore made
a part of the terms of surrender, and it belongs to
the Oommamler-in-Chiet of the Army and Navy to
fix the limits as to what they will ombraco."
This will be news to Grant and Sherman.
"Terms of .surrender" are fixed before the
enemy lays down his arms, not after.
Does the gentleman mean that the Presi-
dent is entering info a treaty and negotiating
terms under the treaty-making power? With
whom is he negotiating? If he claims it under
the treaty-making power he must submit it to
the Senate, two thirds of whom must "advise "
and approve of it. I do not hear that he invokes
any such aid. The gentleman is evidently at
fault in tracing the source of this power to inter-
meddle with "States in the Union." There
can be 110 such power. The President is made
to misconceive his duties, and to treat with too
little respect the powers of Congress.
The gentleman can sec no analogy between
the commission of a crime, murder for instance,
and the disruption of the Union, both being
foibiddon by law; the murder having been
accomplished and the disruption only at tempted.
That is begging the question. "We say that the
severance was accomplished, and until areunion
was complete defarto, wo have admitted fact
the law declared that result. We have cited
authority. Contradict us by authority if you can.
But have done with mere assertions, [ pray
you; that is merelj the childish bandying of
declarations. But gentlemen say that this is
conceding the right of secession, and screen-
ing the rebels from punishment for treason.
Need we again refute this shallow argument?
We ask to punish them for the crime of seces-
sion perpetrated in fact but not in law. If
nothing was done, why ask their punishment?
Even conservatives agree that they should be
fully punished by suffering the humiliation of
asking and receiving pardon. The gentleman
says they have ! 'been punished as no community
was ever punished before for the crime of trea-
son which they have committed." Of course
he would require 110 further punishment. How
were they punished? Not by anything which
the law calls punishment.
Being defeated in war is not punishment,
except in the language of the pugilist, #hos©'
antagonist is said to be "'punished1" when he'
is knocked down. I do not agree with the-
gentlemen who sympathize so deeply with the:
rebels, that they have been punished aa a
community was never before punished1 for
treason.'' Search the whole records of crime,
from the rebellion of the angels and the first
transgression of man to the present day, and
you can find nowhere so great a crime so in-
adequately punished. A rebellion only less
guilty than that of the devilish angels was
waged with fiendish cruelty against the best
Government on earth until it cost that Govern-
ment at least four billion dollars, and almost
half a million of brave men, while they suffered
but little more than half as much in either;
and then whqp their arms were torn from them,
they claim to be our "loving brethren," and
always "in the Union!" And the claim is
allowed! "What punishment has followed?
All the masses were released by one sweeping1
decree; and almost ever since the President
has been employed, it is said with several
clerks and a machine, in prepaiing pajdons for
rich rebels. All who made special application
mnst have been worth more than twenty thou-
sand dollars. While our loyal men have had
their property stolen, robbed, and burned by
order of these very men, they have had their
property restored to them, even after confisca-
tion ; and the loyal tenants, who were placed
011 it by Government, have been turned out to
starve. Did any respectable Government oyer
before allow such high criminals to escape with
such shameful impunity? Who has been pun-
ished for this wholesale murder and plunder?
One poor, insignificant, wretched foreigner
(Wirz) has been tried and executed for acts
for which his superiors, not he, ought to be
held responsible; unless, indeed, this was a
war of individuals and not of belligerents, as
learned gentlemen contend. Then every con-
federate soldier was a murderer; and the high
officials were innocent, as they dealt no blows,
and theirs was not a government!
If this Congress has any respect for its own
prerogatives, and for the rights of the people,
the punishment which so distresses the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Raymond] will not
stop here. I have never desired bloody pun-
ishments to any great extent, even for the sake
of example. But there are punishments quite
as appalling, and longer remembered, than
death. They are more advisable, because they
would reach a greater number. Strip a proud
nobility of their bloated estates; reduce them
to a level with plain republicans; send them
forth to labor, and teach their children to enter
the workshops or handle the plow, and you
will thus humble the proud traitors. Teach his
posterity to respect labor and eschew treason.
Conspiracies are bred among the rich and the
vain, the ambitious aristocrats. I trust yet to
see our confiscation laws fully executed; and
then the malefactors will learn that what Con-
gress has seized as enemy's property and in-
vested in the United States cannot be divested
and returned to the conquered belligcient by the
mere voice of the Executive. I hope to see
the property of the subdued enemy pay the
damages done to loyal men, North and South,
and help to support the helpless, armless, muti-
lated soldiers who have been made wretched
bv this unholy war. I do not believethe action
of the President is worth a farthing in releas-
ing the property conquered from the enemy
from the appropriation made of it by Congress.
No, sir; they have not been punished as they
deserve. They have exchanged forgiveness
with the President, and been sent on their way
rejoicing. Why say that our doctrine screens
them from the punishment of treason? Need
gentlemen be taught the horn-book law, that
in civil wars the parent Government may ex-
ercise both belligerent and sovereign rights?
I trust gentlemen will not mislead the people
who have not the books at hand.
Still another extraordinary proposition I haw
to notice. The gentleman says that if the "con-
