THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and' why should not the bridge owners' open
the draw when the signal is given ?
• Mr. TRUMBULL. The bridge company
would certainly act at their peril. The boats
are not to be constructed with that view. The
provision is " that said draw shall be opened
promptly upon reasonable signal for the pas-
sage of boats whose construction shall'not be
such as to admit of their passage under the
p-ermanent spans of said bridge."
. Mr. HENDERSON. Who is to determine
the question as to whether the construction of
the boats is such that they may pass ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly the bridge
Company would act at their peril. If they did
not open the draw, and the construction of the
boat was such that any damage was done, they
would clearly be responsible.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose the only
remedy the boatman would have if the draw
.was not opened and he was forced to under-
take a passage between the piers of the bridge,
under the permanent spans, would be to sue
the bridge company. Then I suppose the
long, the everlasting controversy which has
been had in regard to the Rock Island bridge,
as to whether it is an obstruction or not, would
be renewed for trial in the courts; or there
would be a similar controversy, whether the
particular boat could pass through or not.
Mr. BAMSEY. If you allow bridges with
the draw at all, it is in the interest of the pub-
lic that they should be taxed as little as pos-
sible ; that is, that they should not be required
to open the draw on any unnecessary occasion.
Of course, a boat that cannot pass the per-
manent spans must pass through in this way;
but it is desirable that the draw should be
opened as little as possibleand on no unneces-
sary occasion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not profess to
know a great deal about these subjects ; but it
strikes me that the words which I have moved
to strikeoutoughtnottobe inthe law. I do not
want a controversy between the bridge owners
and the steamboat men in regard to this mat-
ter. I do not suppose that a steamboat man
will give a signal unless he wants the draw to
be opened. 1 apprehend that if he can pass
under the permanent spans he would not re-
quire the draw to be opened, he would scarcely
put the bridge owners to that trouble. As the
bill now stands it will leave the bridge owners
to open the draw or not just as they choose.
Of course it will be at their peril, but only sub-
ject to a suit; that is all at last. I suppose
damages might be recovered, provided the
steamboat man could show that his boat was
of such construction as to require tliat the
draw should be opened, but look to the field
there will be for the admission of testimony on
both sides. It may be said by competent
steamboat men that if the pilot had under-
stood his duty he might have passed under the
permanent spans without injury to his boat
notwithstanding his boat has been destroyed ;
that the construction of that particular boat
was such as to have admitted it to pass under
the permanent spans. I think it is better to
have this provision out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will inquire of the
gentleman reportingthis bill,what is the mean-
ing of the fourth section? What is the neces-
sity for it?'
Mr. RAMSEY. We accepted the fourth
section as we found it in the bill as referred to
us. It reads as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the ferry
authorized to be established by the Illinois and Mis-
souri Transportation Company, by the laws of the
States of Illinois and Missouri, across the Mississippi
river at the city of Quincy, shall, duiing the time so
authorized by the laws of tho States aforesaid, and
until the completion of said bridge, under and ac-
cording to the provisions of this act, be and the same
is hereby declared, recognized, and known as a post
route.
I understand i< only refers to a tiansit across
the river at that point now. We found it as a
section in the bill referred to us, and as we
knew of no reason why it should be stricken
out we allowed it to remain in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe that isabout all
there is in it. The States of Missouri and Illinois
have at this point authorized a ferry. Nearly
all the ferries over the Mississippi, and I do not
know but all of them, are authorized by the
joint acts of the Legislatures of the different
States bordering upon the river. The object
of this section is to make this ferry a post road.
I suppose all roads of this kind, all the great
highways of the country ought to be post roads.
We say every session in a post-route bill that
such and such roads, leading so and so, from
one place to another, are declared to be post
roads ; and I do not imagine there can be any
objection to this ferry being made a post road.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose there is no
objection, then, to lettingthe section be stricken
out. I do not like this way of Congress legis-
lating advantages to a particular ferry company
across the Mississippi river. I do not see any
necessity for it. I do not know anything about
this ferry company at Quincy; I do notknowan
individual connected with itj but the State of
Missouri and the State of Illinois might desire
to charter another ferry company across the
Mississippi river, and I think that this section
would affect that ferry, if it were authorized,
perhaps injuriously.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How? This is not
exclusive.
Mr. HENDERSON: Suppose the company
named in the section do not discharge tkeduties
enjoined upon them by the act of incorporation
from the Legislatures of Missouri and Illinois,
but they claim the right to take the mail across;
that this is a postal route, and they claim the
right to continue their ferry, under this act of
Congress, notwithstanding their violation of the
laws of the State of Missouri and of the State
of Illinois. What effect would this act then
have, I will inquire of the Senator from Illi-
nois? I suppose that the charter may be for-
feited by their failure to comply with the terms
and conditions upon which it was granted, and
the States respectively might desire to incorpor-
ate another company that would behave better
in the future. Then what effect would this sec-
tion have? I presume no other ferry company
would be authorized to take the mails across;
and the effect of this provision—I do not sup-
pose it is intended in that way—would be to
'override the State laws and to make this a
postal route, notwithstanding the effort on the
part, of the Legislatures of Illinois and Missouri
to establish another ferry. I ask the Senator
if that would not be the effect, or whether it
could have any other effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am surprised at the
inquiry of the Senator from Missouri 
Mr. HENDERSON. I know you are al-
ways surprised.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I do not un-
derstand it, but surely I am surprised at the
inquiry. I cannot conceive how this can inter-
fere with any other company. T am not for it
if it can have any such effect. If it is to he an
exclusive right to establish ferries on the part
of Illinois and Missouri at this or any other
point, I am opposed to all such legislation. 1
do not understand it in any such way. How
it could possibly have such an effect I do not
know.
Mr. HENDERSON, 1 expressly excepted
it from the intention of the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How the section can
give any exclusive privileges I am at a loss to
conceive. But the Senator is aware that in
order to take the mail over any of the common
roads of the country, we make them post roads.
We provide, for instance, " that the road from
Hannibal to Palmyra, in Missouri, is hereby
declared to be a post route."
Mr. HENDERSON. That is now a post
route; the route itself is a post route. Then
what is the necessity for this provision? '
Mr. TRUMBULL. But there is no post
route, I suppose, from Quincy across the river.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir, there is; it
is now a post route.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of it.
Mr. HENDERSON. There ia no donbt
about it. I am' not aware of any* legislation of
Congress making aparticul&r ferry company or
its boats a post route. This is the first, legis-
lation of that character I ever heard,of, and
I have been on the Post Office Committee- for
some years. It is common todeclarothe line of
road between two certain States a postal route;
but I am _ not aware of .any such provision as
this existing in any law of Congress. I have
never seen anything of the sort. From Quincy
to Palmyra, and from Palmyra on to St. Jo. is
now a post route, and it can do no harm to
strike out this section. The Senator of course
does not wish to vest this ferry company with
any peculiar or special privileges. I protest
that I know nothing in respect to this com-
pany ; but I think it is bad legislation to com'
mence on the part of Congress to select any
particular ferry company, and to declare that
that company as now established shall be a
postal route, because it may bring up a conflict
with the laws of the respective States. The
Senator will readily see that it may do so. The
section can have no beneficial effect as.it now
stands, and therefore I ask that it be stricken
out, if the Senator has no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see that: it can
have any injurious effect. When I expressed
surprise at the amendment, the Senator rather
rebuked me for that; but I really do not see
how the section can have such an effcct as the
Senator supposes. Whatisaferry? What do
the law-books call a ferry? It is a highway,
nothing else. A ferry is just as much a high-
way as a turnpike road; and I can see why
there might bo a necessity for a ferry being a
post route. You cannot compel the mails to
be taken across the river. I am not aware of
any law that makes a ferry across the river a
post route. If there is such a law, I am not
aware of it. Tho Senator says there is a law
already in existence making a post route from
Quincy to Palmyra and to Hannibal.
Mr. HENDERSON. How would the mails
be carried, otherwise, across the river?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether
there is a provision of that kind; there may
be; that would embrace this very line of road.
I do not know who compose this ferry com-
pany ; the Senator is as well informed in refer-
ence to that as I am; but here is a ferry already
authorized by the two States of Illinois and
Missouri. If it is not, tho section would not
amount to anything. Tho bill recites the fact
that, there is such a ferry authorized there.
Now, what possible objection can there be to
making that ferry, until the bridge shall be
completed, a post route? I see nothing ex-
clusive in it. It seems to me it is perfectly
proper that there should be a ferry there to
transport the mails, and that it should be a
post route. How that will interfere with any
other company I cannot conceive.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know any reason
why this section is inserted here; and unless
there is some explanation of it given I shall
vote to strike it out. I can imagine this ease:
suppose there has been an old ferry company
at Quincy, and the mails are transported by
that old company 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I asked the question,
if there was such a company.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know; but unless
we have some further knowledge on this sub-
ject I think we ought to strike this sectiou out.
if the parties interested have not seen fit to
enlighten anybody so that we can obtain infor-
mation on the subject the section ought not to
be here. Suppose, I say, there had been an old
company established there that ostrried the
mail, and other parties have gonereoently and
secured a charter from Illinois and Missouri
for a new ferry company, to be called the Illi-
nois and Missouri Transportation Company,
may theynotnow seek, perhaps, by this section
to declare that that company, and thatonly
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not " that only."
Mr. GRIMES. Well, that that shall be the
post route.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A post route.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, a post route ; that that
