1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3229
est incentives to industry, the accumulation
of wealth, and the advancement of society.
Rich mines, good titles, free labor, railroad
transportation, modern improvements, and
the light of science will dispel at once the
hideons phantoms of gloom and despair that
have floated before the public vision, and affix
the indelible stamp of infamy upon that tim-
erous or wicked class who would raise the dis-
honest cry of repudiation. Our national debt
is the legitimate price entailed upon us by the
protracted and fearful and final struggle for the
integrity of our glorious Union and vindication
and permanent establishment of the republican
principle upon the globe. And the argument I
have endeavored to pursue, while elevating the
precious metals—the essential product of the
western half of our extended confines—into
the true and controlling kings of trade and
finance, the indispensable element of our future
national wealth and greatness, equally enforces
the necessity 011 the part of the Government
as well as the individual to stimulate our min-
eral resources to their full and complete devel-
opment.
Mr. SHERMAN. T move to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking ont
in the nineteenth and twentieth lines of the
second section the words "until the national
debt shall have been paid;" so as to read,
"the owners and occupants of the mine so
appropriated and held shall pay into thc'L'reas-
ury of the United States, in each and every
year, three per cent, of the net product," &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the twentieth line of
that section I move to strike out " three'' and
insert "live;" so as to leave the rate of per-
centage to be paid by the miner the same as in
the original bill, five per cent.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. That, was the rate fixed
in tile original bill, which was carefully pre-
pared, and I believe was satisfactory to the
mining interest. Five per cent, is a very lib-
eral rate indeed. Five per cent, is about the
same tax now placed on all kinds of manufac-
tures. Surely when we give the land at a very
low rate and only reserve this royalty, it is not
a very high one, and that not on gross income
but on net income. It is a very small tax, and
it is important to retain it, I think.
Mr. STEWAUT. 1 hope the rate will not
be increased. The amount here fixed is just
three per cent, more than is imposed on any
other product of the country except cotton.
It is just t hree per cent, more than farmers pay
on their farms. We pay all the other taxes,
and where there is net product our income
taxes are exceedingly large. We are a con-
suming people; we pay taxes 011 everything
we consume.
Mr. G LITMUS. On whisky?
Mr. STEWART. We pay a great deal of
the whisky lax, perhaps not greater in propor-
tion to our numbers than others, but more in
amount, because wo drink a better quality,
probably. [Laughter.] Three per cent, is a
heavy tax upon the net product of the mines.
The man who has found a mine has paid for it
four times as well, before he pays a dollar into
the national Treasury, as the man who goes
and improves a farm. You allow the man who
goes upon land and improves it to have a
homestead, and require him to pay nothing.
It takes him five years, under your law, to
acquire the title. It takes on the average fifteen
years of labor and even more to find a mine.
Taking the aggregate labor engaged in finding
mines, it costs at least fifteen years of actual
labor to find a mine, and I believe I should not
exaggerate if I said twenty-five years of actual
labor for every mine found. You say to a
farmer that if he will go and live upon a tract
of land for five years he shall have a farm. You
saj to the miner after lie has spent most of his
life hunting for a mine and he has found one,
that you will encumber him beyond a reason-
able amount. The farmer after he has lived
five years upon his land and got it free, is not
taxed on the net product. He pays simply an
income tax. This adds to the income tax paid
by the miner a tax upon net products. It is an
additional tax clearly beyond that paid by other
producers, and an additional tax 011 a class of
men whose property costs them more than any
other class of men who hunt for property; an
additional tax on that product which you need
more than you do any other; an additional
tax on property, one dollar of which is worth
at least two dollars, and I think three or four
dollars of a perishable commodity; an addi-
tional tax upon that which will relieve your
national burdens by increasing the amount of
metallic currency. There ought to be no tax
even upon the net product, and it is very much
for us to consent to be discriminated against to
the extent of three per cent., when our property
has cost us ten times as much as the property
of any other class of the community has cost
them. If you would tell the miner before he
prospects the history of what he has got, to en-
counter, if you wonld lay it all plainly before
him, nobody would think of prospecting; but
because there are occasional gains, because
there is occasional success, a large number of
enterprising people have traversed this desert
and found these mines, at the cost of almost
everything, so that there is no reason why you
should discriminate against them.
Mr. ROMEROY. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio may be an economical one
looking at it from the point of view entertained
by the Committee on Finance ; but looking at
the subject from the point at which I have
looked at it, 1 do not believe there is any pub-
lic policy in taxing the pioduction of gold. The
gold deposits on the eastern slope of the Rocky
mountains I know have not been productive
enough, so that in not one case in a hundred,
perhaps not one in a thousand, is there any net
profit. Possibly in California and the older
mining States, where they have mined longer,
there may be net profits ; but when you take
into consideration what it costs to get $100 in
gold, I think it is fair to say that every $100
obtained has cost $300. That I think is the
experience on the eastern slope, if you take
into account what is spent in getting to the
mines, in developing and exploring, in labor
and anxiety. Then to tax the production, small
as it is, five per cent, seems to me to be un-
reasonable. I believe it would be more accord-
ing to public policy to offer a premium upon
the production of gold. I would rather give a
premium upon gold than upon fish. There
certainly ought to be a higher bounty paid to
those who produce gold than to those who
catch fish; 1 am sure of that. If we enter upon
the taxing of gold that is brought out by the
sweat, blood, and sinews of our people who
go ont there, one half of whom die in getting
it, 1 believe it is an act to discourage the pro-
duction of gold rather than otherwise. I feel
no personal interest in the matter, but I am
certainly opposed to increasing the taxation
from three to five per cent. Three per cent,
is surely high enough.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 do not know anything about
this bill, but I desire to bo informed by the Sen-
ator from Kansas and the Senator from Ne-
vada on what principle of financial statesman-
ship it is that we are to stimulate the production
of gold, if it really, as they say, costs us three
dollars for every one that is produced. If that |
is the general result—and they both tell us that 1
it is—I do not see that the country is going to
be advantaged much.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think I made
that estimate.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Kansas
did.
Mr. STEWART. But I will state that I
think that every dollar of gold that is taken
out costs on the average about one dollar, and
perhaps a little more. Now,I will answer the
question of the Senator from Iowa. I thought
I made that point clear before. A dollar's
worth of gold will buy just as much of any arti-
cle as a dollar's worth of wheat; it is just as
good to send to Europe as an export as a dol-
lar's worth of wheat. Its immediate effect is
just the same as a dollar's worth of anything
else. But it has another office which is much
more important to this country in view of its
national debt. If we could just double the
amount of metallic currency we should double
the estimated value of all property. Then,
instead of our property being estimated at
$16,000,000,000, it would be estimated at
$32,000,000,000 at once, because then there
would be just twice as much gold in the coun-
try to buy with, and things would be twice
as cheap; property would represent, twice as
much. This would be the effect of doubling
the metallic currency. Then, instead of your
public debt being twenty percent, of the whole
property of the country, it would be only ten
per cent.
English financiers understand this. They
admit that they could not have carried their
debt but for the increase of the metallic cur-
rency. Almost all of them who have written
on the subject have admitted that they would
have been bankrupt but for our discovery of
gold. By the expansion of the metallic cur-
rency Europe was relieved from the pressure
under which she was laboring in I80O, and that
saved her from general bankruptcy. That is
the conclusion to which the writers on the sub-
ject have come. Wo did not feci its impor-
tance at that time, but now we see it very
plainly. We have a public debt of $3,000,-
000,000, which is twenty per cent, of the esti-
mated value of our property. If we can double
the estimated value of that property in a few
years by fostering this production wo shall re-
lieve the whole country and stimulate enterprise
everywhere.* Our enormous advance during
the last fifteen 3'ears is owing to that cause more
than any other, because in these particular
localities poor men were willing to go into the
mines and take their luck. They do not all
succeed. Why should we not foster mining?
Why should we tax them heavily and cut off
those resources which would make us rich and
soon make us free from burdens? Because
they are benefitting us is it a reason why we
should pile additional taxes on them? It seems
to mo the whole of this tax is wrong, but we
have to submit to something, I suppose, and I
trust at any rale it will not be put higher than
three per cent.
Mr. CONNESS. This is a bill in which I
take a great dual of interest, necessarily. We
considered thequestion involved in it with some
considerable care in the Committee on Mines
and Mining, having there some of the best
minds of the Seriate; among them my honor-
able friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Guthrie.]
Upon Ihe question of taxation, it was with a
good deal of ditliculty that, 1 was brought to
the consideration of favoring any amount of
tax to be imposed upon the mining industry.
Senators will remember that two years since it
was proposed by the House of Representatives
to impose a gross tax of five per cent, upon
mining, which alarmed the entire mining indus-
try of the nation. That tax would liave de-
stroyed it; but it was during the war, at a period
when our friends, such as the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, than whom there is none who
so seriously considered the question of provid-
ing funds for carrying on tile war, veie look-
ing to every possible source from which reve-
nue might be derived. At that time we finally
arrived at a compromise on the subject, agree-
ing to a tax of one half of one per cent,, to be
collected by stamping bullion at the United
States mints and at the assay offices in the
country. That tax was increased last year by
the Finance Committee, without my knowl-
edge. to five eighths of one per cent. Tliey
added an eighth of one per cent, without my
knowing anything of it. I think that addi-
tional tax should not have been put on with-
out calling the attention of the Senate to it. I
must have been in my place, but it was done
