3280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
in such a manner as not to challenge my atten-
tion.
Now, sir, for the representative of a min-
ing constituency to agree to any tax upon the
product of the mines is a pretty serious prop-
osition. I will not undertake to extend this
debate or the consideration of tins question by
entering into an estimate of what the produc-
tion of gold costs. "It would be mere guess-
ing at best, and consequently time not wisely
spent; but I undertake to say that there is no
commodity which the enterprise and commerce
of our own country and of the world requires
so much as the addition to our circulation of
the precious metals. I need not waste a word
in stating how it incites the trade and com-
merce of the country and of the whole world;
and therefore any tax imposed upon its produc-
tion is necessarily a drawback upon that pro-
duction, and particularly when it' is borne in
mind, if it can be, by Senators that all effort
at mining is not profitable, that only a small
proportion of the effort directed at mining is
profitable, and that notwithstanding but a small
proportion of that effort is profitable, yet the
sum total of the product of t lie precious metals
tells largely in favor of inciting every other in-
dustry belonging to and growing out of civil
society. To have agreed to any tax then was
to me at least a disagreeable proposition ; and
I should far sooner vote to strike out tlio three
percent., leaving out at the same time the five
eighths of one per cent, charged upon the pro-
duction of gold and'silver, than agree to sub-
stitute five for three, as now moved by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. President, we recently repealed the tax
imposed upon crude petroleum. Why did we
do it? We did not do it carelessly. We did
it after an experience which convinced the
entire country and ourselves tliaf its produc-
tion was a business so problematical, requiring
so much of effort, attended with so much want
of success, that a tax upon the product, crude
petroleum, was a lax upon the effort engaged
m producing it and a restriction consequently
upon its production ; and the Senate by unan-
imous consent agreed to repeal that part of
the internal revenue law. Certainly, crude
petroleum is not more needed to this country
and its industries than gold and silver, if my
friend I'roui Ohio lived where 1 do and had the
practical acquaintance that I have with the
production of gold and silver, no inducements
to put money in the Treasury from taxation
would get him to agree to tax the production'
of gold and silver. I am quite satisfied of
that. 1 hope that this amendment will not be
made and_that my friend from Ohio will not
persist, in it.
Mr. McOOtJGALL. There is a special rea-
son, which 1 have not yet heard assigned, why
there should be no tax on this production. A
tax upon the production of gold would be a tax
upon labor and enterprise, not upon capital or
wealth. It is now some sixteen or seventeen
years since mines of great wealth were first dis-
covered in this country. Mining even in Califor-
nia to-day is still in its infancy, requiring the
present expenditure of large capital with refer-
ence to prospective results. Mining there, being
better organized, is at present moie successful
than elsewhere: but it is the result of a scries
of experiments which have been going on from
the first discovery of the mines, and those ex-
periments have demanded the expenditure of
a vast amount of capital. I am confident that
more capital and labor at the common price
have been employed there than has resulted
from the productions of the mines; and yet
every year places the mining interest upon more
stable foundations. In Colorado the amount
expended is triple what has resulted by way of
production; and it is only within the iast year
or two, when experienced California miners
came in there, that they have been to a con-
siderable degree successful—those who under-
stood the science ot procuring the metal from
the mine.
This production is not in a politico-economical
sense a legitimate subject of taxation. It- is a
production to be promoted. There is no coun-
try possessed of large mining interests in Europe
that has not its colleges where young men are
educated to the science and art of mining. It
has been everywhere promoted for the advan-
tage and profitof the Government. The wealth
that i-esults, the moment it does result in the
form of wealth to the individual, becomes the
subject of taxation, like every other form of
wealth; but as a rule those who first embark in
these enterprises are the victims of enterprise.
Hundreds and perhaps thousands of handsome
fortunes have been lost in trying to develop the
wealth of the sierras. We need their develop-
ment and wc need to promote them. They are
yet in their infancy. Nations are nol made in
a day, nor great systems or policies. In Swe-
den you find mining understood as a science,
studied as a science, by the most cultivated
men. So it is in Russia and in Austria and
in nearly all the States of Jiurope. It is pro-
moted at the expense of the Government. Why?
Because if made successful wealth is produced
which when achieved is the legitimate subject
of taxation, and it gives strength and power to
the Government.
The wealth our mines have achieved has not
gone to the miner and adventurer in California
or in Colorado or in Idaho or in Montana. I
remember very well when I first returned to this
side from my coast in 18-33, having been absent
three or four years, I found the city of New York
a different city. The productions of California
had stimulated her commerce and enterprise so
that palaces had sprung up. There were no pal-
aces, though, in San Francisco or on the Pacific
coast. In the city of Chicago it was the same, as
1 had occasion to observe, and so throughout
the country. The wealth went to those who sup-
plied the mines and mining enterprises, those
who built the machinery, those who furnished
the instruments, those who manufactured the
powder for blasting, those who furnished the
provisions that supported the miners. So it is at
this day ; and to-day the Atlantic States derive
much the greater part of what is the true wealth
derived fiom the mines of the West.
The policy of the Government should be to
promote and not to oppress the mining inter-
ests. I am against the three per cent, or the
five per cent. 1 do not mean that I am going
to oppose the bill merely because it may con-
tain a provision for a throe per cent, tax ; but
the policy is wrong. At this early period of
that enterprise, in its infant condition, it is
not policy to tax it; and then in its most pros-
perous condition it is not the legitimate sub-
ject of taxation. What results and becomes
wealth is taxable. like the wealth that is won
by the merchant by his enterprises ; and that
is the wealth upon which the nation must de-
pend. As for expecting to derive revenue of
importance to the Government by such legis-
lation, I can assure you, Mr. President, and
the Senate, that it will cripple enterprise and
instead of being to the advantage of the coun-
try at large, which is always an advantage to
the Government, it will bo to the disadvantage
of both. Therefore I object to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio. I trust it
will not be adopted. It will be looked upon
as a very oppressive act on the part of the
Government b}r the people upon the western
coast engaged in this enterprise, as also in all
the mining districts of the country. I should
think it an unjust act myself, and I am sure
an impolitic one.
Mr. NYE. I desire to present two or three
considerations to the Senate with regard to
this amendment of the Senator from Ohio. I
was in hopes that some person having this bill
in charge would have moved to strike out the
three per cent. I have had almost five years'
observation 
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me to explain?
Mr. NY E. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I call the Senator's atten-
tion to the fact that there is present levied
by the internal revenue law a tax of five eighths
of one per cent., which is collected by stamp-
ing all the bullion that is produced at the mints
and assay offices, and that the commiltee have
agreed to this tax of three per cent, on the net
product to be paid hereafter in lieu of that tax,
and for that reason alone.
Mr. NYE. Perhaps that is wise on the
whole; but I think that persons who produce
gold and silver should not be taxed for that
production. The reason, I suppose, why this
tax is sought to be secured is that they take
the metal from the land of the Government,
and this is supposed to be a remuneration for
that privilege. Now, a gold or silver mine is
worth no more to this Government than agran-
ite mine, unless it is improved, worked, and
reduced in the expensive way the miners of
the West have to do. A reason why this prod-
uct should not be taxed and this burden laid
on the labor that produces it is this: the Gov-
ernment never would have known that within
the bowels of half this continent are treasured
up these rich minerals, this rich material, if
the enterprise of the individual, the daring and
suffering of the individual had not developed
it. An additional dollar when put into the
circulation of thecountry is so much additional
wealth to the country. Unlike almost all other
kinds of manufacture, in mining there can be
no such thing as cheating about it. Most of
the producing mines are owned by large com-
panies where monthly returns have to be made
of the exact product and the cost of producing
the gold and silver. Therefore each stock-
holder is taxed for the additional dollar that
he acquires in that, way as an income tax, and
upon the substantial wealth of the country he
is taxed upon this additional dollar that the
miner produces.
A year ago, or a little more, I had the honor
of submitting a few remarks in opposition to
the imposition of a tax of this kind, wherein
I tried to show th'at it was a direct tax upon
labor itself. I look upon it in the same way
now. 1 know that the imposition of that tax,
small as it was, had an injurious effect upon
the development of the great mineral region
of the western coast. I have seen it with my
own eyes. Towns that were flourishing are
drooping. Miners who were vigilant, active,
and vigorous in the prosecution of this work
ceased their labors to some extent in view of
this tax which they regarded as a tax upon
their labor. If gold is to be taxed at the mine,
it is taxed three or four times more by the sev-
eral acts now in existence before it gets through
being taxed. The stocks of each company en-
gaged in mining are taxed. Persons who own
them individually are taxed in regard to their
wealth. This tax, then, upon the production,
in my judgment, is an additional tax to that
imposed upon any other product of the country
or any other product of manufacture.
I beg the Senate to bear in mind the fact
that every additional dollar of gold and silver
that we produce lays the foundation of our
financial structure on a more stable founda-
tion. Let it be known that we can produce
gold and silver to make our credit always se-
cure and sure, that the interest will be paid in
the precious metals, and our credit will stand
as high, if not higher, than that of any other
nation of the earth. If I only knew as much
of finance as my friend from Ohio does, I
could^ be eloquent on this subject, but under-
standing only one branch of it, and that is dis-
bursing, [laughter,] I cannot talk as eloquently
as lie does; but I have got a sort of crude idea
that if I wanted to establish firmly the credit
of our country I would encourage by every
possible means the production of that upon
which the credit of the nation rests. I would
to-day, as a financial measure, rather pay a
bounty upon the production of gold and silver
than tax it in any of its incipient stages. My
judgment is that time will demonstrate that I
am correct in this principle when I say that the
true policy of this Government would be, in-
! stead of trammeling in any way the produc-
