THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January OL 6,
negroes and 170,6&8 whites; Massachusetts has
9,602 negroes and 1,221,46-1 whites; and New
fork has 49,005 negroes and 3,881,730 whites,
and requires each negro to own real estate of
the value of $2fi0 to qualify Mm to vote. A
healthy man may take into his stomach one,
or two, or three drops of arsenic without serious
detriment to his health: but if he were to swal-
low one, two, or three hundred drops it would
destroy his life. Negro suffrage is political ar-
senic. If it is not, why do not the free States
open wide their throats and gulp down the grate-
ful and invigorating draught? Why does not
" California give the right of suffrage to her Chi-
namen; Michigan and many other States- to
their Indians; and Pennsylvania to her Gypsy
gangs, that are perpetually vibrating between
her plains and mountains?
"Why do not the free States adopt the general
average principle, and take their pro rata of
the whole negro population? That proposi-
tion was made to them a few years since by my
friend from Delaware, [Mr. S.uji.shout,] but
they all voted against it. They have too much
sense for that. At this time more of those
States might be willing to confer suffrage on
their own free negroes, butitwouldbe the hoist-
ing of " false colors.'' They know there would
be no further-accessions of that population to
them from immigration; and they would expect
to be compensated, " some thirty, some forty,
some sixty, and some an hundred-fold,'" m
someway, for the disadvantage of their incon-
siderable negro suffrage. But i f the negro pop-
ulation run upon the white population in the
free States in the same proportion as it does in
this District and the southern States, in some
of thorn being from thirty to fifty, arid in South
Carolina more than fifty per cent., would any
of_ the free States, under .such a condition of
things, accept negro suffrage? A successful
effort to force it upon them would very speedily
inaugurate another rebellion.
But, Mr. President, the question whether a
few thousand negroes of this District shall vote
in its elections is of very trivial importance to
the people of the United States, and to that
portion of them who are so exercised by it, and
who are making such strenuous efforts to bring
it about. This contest is but an experiment, a
skirmish, an entering wedge to prepare the way
for a similar movement in Congress to confer
the right of suffrage on all the negroes of the
United States, liberated by the recent amend-
ment o( the Const ilution, the power to be claimcd
under its second clause. It, is followingup the
tactics of the party four years ago, when the as-
sault upon slavery in this District heralded the
general movement that was tobemade against it.
Mr. President, the people of the late slave
States do not intend to make any question upon
the effect of the amendment. in freeing their
slaves; they have conceded it, finally and for-
ever. There is probably now not a negro in the
United States who is claimed by any one as
property, or who does not exercise tile right to
control Jiis own movements as a freeman. The
first section of that amendment abolishes sla-
very, or involuntary servitude, one or both, ex-
cept as punishment for crime, everywhere in
the United States ; and it does not propose to
do anything more. The second section confers
on Congress only the power to pass such laws
as may be appropriate to give effect to the first.
A negro may be a slave, and he may be eman-
cipated by the, special act of his owner, or by a
generallegislative enactment ofthe government
of the State in which he resides. The slavery
of a great number has been abolished in both
forms, and neither the right to vote, or to give
evidence in court, or to serve on juries, has ever
accompanied either form of manumission. Sla-
very is the subjection of one person to another .
by authority of law, and all that is necessary to I
ucstroy the slavery is, by any mode, to remove ;
the legal subjection. To abolish slavery, to
emancipate slaves, to give freedom to slaves, i
are frequent and familiar phrases to all tliepeo-
ple of the L nited Stales; and the acts and the
ideas imported by them are definite and well* j
understood. To vote, to swear in court, and !
to try cases as a juror, are not parts of either,
but as distinct from them " as a hawk is from
a hand-saw." The second section ofthe amend-
ment gives to Congress no pretext of power to
invest the negroes freed by it with the right of
suffrage, or to pass any law about the freed
negro, except simply to make practical the de-
struction of hislegal subjection to another. But
if Congress were clothed by it with that power
in the clearest language, it ought never to con-
fer upon freed negroes, or any classes of them,
the right of suffrage.
The tranquillity, prosperity, and freedom of
a country depend much upon the homogeneous-
ness of its people; and in a popular represent-
ative Government it is especially important
that the sovereign political power, that portion
of the people who choose the officers of the
Government, and thus control its legislation,
policy, andadministration, shouldhaveno fixed
and essential antagonisms of race. The differ-
ent brandies of the great Caucasian family of
Europe, if not brought together suddenly in too
large numbers for a ready, harmonious, and
perfect amalgamation, might form the highest
order of nationality; because none ofthe stocks
would degrade the others, and all might con-
tribute to the common improvement. But in
our country a race of people that is essentially
inferior to the Caucasian race in its physical,
i mental, and moral stuicture, and that no cul-
j tivation can bring to an approximation of that
i high standard; that lias by nature so low an"
organization as to be wholly incapable of self-
civilization, or organizing a self-government, or
maintaining a civilization and form of govern-
ment which had been bestowed upon it by a
superior people—a race which could take no
part in the great business of Government to im-
prove oruphold it, but only to obstruct, thwart,
confound, and break it up, should never have
anypolitiealpowcreonfcrredon it. 1 hold that
the negro is such a race; that he is the lowest
and the Caucasian is the highest of the races
of man, and the others are intermediate; and
that he cannot be mingled" with the blood, or in
thcmanageinentof the affairs ofthe white man
without degradation and mischief to him.
The word "negro," as an ethnological term,
docs not comprehend all the lilaek, much less
the dusky families of man; it refers to that race
which Cuvier describes as being "maiked by
ablack complexion, crisped or wooly liair, com-
pressed cranium, and a flat nose. The projec-
tion of the lower parts of the face and the thick
lips evidently approximate it to the monkey
t ribe.'' The great naturalist might have added,
as other distinctive characteristics of the negro:
first, thathisskin exhales perpetually apeculiar,
pungent, and disagreeable odor; second, that
"the hollow of his foot makes a hole in the
ground."
The aboriginal home of the negro is Africa,
though there are other distinct black races, of
a different and higher type, that have been and
arc still found on that great continent, and also
in Asia, from the remotest periods. Memnon
andSesostris, Hannibal and .Jugiirtlia, the queen
of Ethiopia who visited Solomon, and Cleo-
patra, were not negroes, though they were black
or dusky. The negroes who inhabit Africa may
be estimated at not less than o0,0U0,U00, and
they probably are not more numerous now than
tliev have been for many centuries. They are
spread over the larger portion of the continent,
from the interior to many of its sea-coasts, and
arc divided into numerous small tribes, which
differ ill the dispositions of the people, some
being fierce and cruel, and others comparatively 1
gentle and humane. The slaves that were
brought from Africa to America, were mostly
of the Fantcf-s. Ashantces. Kroomen. Quaquas,
Congoes, Eboes, Eidohs, Coromnnfines, Man-
dingoesand Caffres, all tribes ofthe negro race.
Agassiz writes:
"In Africa we have the Hottentot and ne^rro races
in the south and central portions respectively, white
the people ot northern Africa are allied to their
iiciuiihoiS ill Europe, jn*t as tvc have seen to be the
ease with the zoological tnunn, in general."
Prot 'cssor Soemmering enumerates forty-six
distinct differences in the anatomy of the negro
from the European race, as he is referred to
in Gucnbault's Natural History of the Negro
Eace.
Lawrence, in describing the negro variety of
the human race, enumerates these distinctive
features:
"1. ^Narrow and depressed forehead: the enlire
cranium contracted anterioily; the cavity less, both
in its circumference and transverse measurements.
2. Occipital foramen and condylar placed further back.
3. Large space for the temporal muscles. 4. Great
development of the face. 5. Prominence of the jaws
altoge; her, and particularly of their alveolar margins
and teeth; consequent obliquity of the facial line. 6.
Superior incisors slanting. 7. Chin receding. 8. Very
large and strong zygomatic arch, projecting toward
the front. 9. Large nasal cavity. 10. Small and flat-
tened ovso nasi; sometime-? consolidated and running
if\Lo a point above. In all the particulars just enu-
merated, the negro structure unequivocally approxi-
mates to that of the monkey. It not only differs from
the Caucasian model, but is distinguished from it in
two respects: the intellectual characters are reduced;
the animal features enlarged and exaggerated." "The
inferiority of organization is attended with corre-
sponding inferiority of facultieSjWhiehmay be proved,
not so much by the unlortunate beings who are de-
graded by slavery, as by every fact in the past history
and present condition of Africa."
Nott & Glidclon, in their work entitled Types
of Mankind, say:
"A man must bo blind not to bo struck bv simili-
tudes between some of the lower races of mankind,
viewed as a connecting link in the animal kingdom;
nor can it be rationally affirmed that the oran^-ou-
tangnnd chimpanzee aremorcwidely separated trom
certain African and Oceanic negroes, than are the lat-
ter from the Teutonic and Pelagian types."
Dr. Wyman, of Haivard University, speci-
fies the differences between the negro and the
orang-outang, and adds:
" Yetit cannot be denied, however wide the sepa-
ration, that the negro and the oran^-ont;mg do af-
ford the points where man and the brute, when the
totality of their organization isconsidcred.mostncarly
approach each other."
Charles White, a naturalist, of Birmingham,
sixty years since, published a work in which
he pointed out twenty-eight distinct differences
between the! African negro and the European,
in all of which the former approached the brute
creation. Copeland, Chambers, Dr. Moseley,
While, Dr. Prichard, Smith, and Vrolih, of
Amsterdam, name many distinctions between
the white and the negro race, besides the
black shin and the coarse crisped hair of the
latter ; among them arc the arch of the leg and
the want of it in the foot, the receding heel,
the dome of the head, the perpendicularity of
tho vertebral column, a diffei'ent formation of
pelvis, low nervous irritability, and others, all
of which mark their approach toward the lower
form of animals.
Camper. Soemmering. Lawrence, Yirey, Ebel,
and Blumenbaeh agree that the brain of the
negro is smaller; and Gall, Spurzheim, and
Combe, that it is so distributed as to denote less
capacity for reasoning6 and judging than the
, Caucasian.
| .No well-informed and candid person can
! doubt the mental inferiority of the negro race.
| Lawrence says, ''the mind of the negro is
J inferior to that of the European, and his or-
| ganization is less perfect. These positions,"
| he says, ''are supported not so much by the
{♦unfortunate beings who are degraded by slavery,
j as by every fact in the past histoiy and present
i condition of Africa."
; Charles Hamilton £mith, who resided ten
years on the coast of Africa and in the West
Indies, and who had the best opportunities to
observe the negro, and whose sympathies he
declares to have been with him, says:
"The typical wooly-haired races have never in-
i vented a reasonable theological system, discovered
! an alphabet, formed a grammatical lunguage, nor
1 made the least step in science or art."
I b\ Pulszky, in his leonographic Researches,
| writes of the black races:
"Long as history has made mention of negroes, they
have never had any artof their own. Their features
are recorded by their ancient enemies, not by them-
selves."
Hume, in his Essay on National Characters,
argues in support of the superiority of thewhite
over every other race, and attributes to it ''all
civilization," adding:
"There are negro slaves dispersed all over Europe,
of which none ever discovered any symptoms of in-
genuity."
