1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 10,
federate States" were a belligerent, and have
been conquered by the United States, that we
became liable for the confederate debts by the
law of inheritance. Will the gentleman ex-
cuse me for asking him in what book he finds
any such startling doctrine? Who before ever
conceived such an idea? The gentleman has
confounded il with a usurper, who dethrones
the reigning monarch and reigns in his stead.
There the Government is the same; the nation
is the same; the ruler only is changed. The
debts of tlxe nation are not repudiated, but
the property and liabilities of the crown at-
tach to the existing Government. But when one
nation conquers another, it imposes such terms
as it deems beneficial to itself. Assuming the
belligerent debts is not among those benefits.
When belligerent Europe conquered France,
the allies did not assume the $ebts of the
French nation. When belligerent America
overcame the mother country and established
her independence, she did notinherit or assume
the debts of Great Britain. When England sup-
pressed the great, mutiny, I have not heard that
she assumed or paid the debts of the court of
Delhi.
Did tlie gentleman from New York adopt
this idea from a suggestion of the learned gen-
tleman from Ohio? [f so, 1 beg that gentleman
to be more cautious how he drops such hetero-
doxies, as he sees into what painful positions he
leads confiding young men.
I was anxious that, there should bo no col-
lision between (he different brandies of Gov-
ernment, no controversy as to the rightful
jurisdiction of either. Hence 1 construed the
President's message, (after having stated Ins
views,) to refer the whole quest ion of reconstruc-
tion to Congress, to whom it so evidently be-
longs. I regret to find the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Raymond,') who, with the gentle-
man iVom Ohio, [Mr. Finck,] are evidently on
confidential terms wil li (lie President, very much
impairs nty hope of harmony when he says:
("imuit nsfu'nt to tlnwntinmlion thrown out hv
tho ic'ntleman lh>m tYn nyy! v;i uki f!i:il flio iVcshlpnt
(■oiH'urroil i  tho views ho hud or that. hr
hud h<ind'(t thr wholr /,nih/crt of nncifj/lny thr States
Inlrli/ in rrbr/tion and of rrxtortnti thr Stat< * In tlx' i>rar~
tiral {srreitte of thnr fimrtionn its mcitdterx of thr Union
tu tin: hand* oj Conytxm."
1 regret extremely that this authoritative dec-
laration of the position and determination of
the Executive has placed him in an attitude to
which, il. seems to me, that Congress cannot,
submit without, the most humiliating surren-
der of its righls and dignily, I cannot, believe
the legislative power ol' this grent Republic,
holding their sovereignly ill trust for I he whole
people, will, H-liile il, is in session and capable
of acting, permit any other branch of I he (lov-
e.rmiH'ni, to tix or dictate any of the terms
upon which the conquered States shall be in-
vented with the. rights of citizenship. I trust
(be President, has been misunderstood, and
thnl he will al once disclaim this position."
I.i't us distinctly understand each other, in
Older that the dili'crenl parlies in this House,
as well as every oilier department of the Gov-
ernment, may know precisely whal position the
olhei assumes. Let me ask a few plain ques-
tions; and I should be glad if the gentleman
would lt.e explicit, answers.
1. Do yen wish Ihe Constitution of the Uni-
ted Slate-, to be so amended as to apportion
the representation among the States according
to the number of actual persons instead of the
present ba^is of Federal numbers?
2. Do you wish it so amended as to author-
ize Coiigre--' In lay a dmy on exports when
ioj.ooo.ooo could be raised on exported cot-
ton to ,tid in paying the interest on the public
debt?
'J. Do you wish it «o amended as to prevent
the assumption of the rebel deist or the lepu-
d'uliim of uur own?
•1. Do you wish it to provide that, all laws,
Sia;;- and national, shall operate equally on
all?
\\ ill^ gentlemen answer candidly whether
tli wssj the adoption of all or either of these
amendments?
Will they with equal candor say whether they
believe either of them could be adopted if the
eleven confederate States were to be counted
as States in making the requisite three fourths ?
The gentlemen know that neither of said
amendments could then be adopted.
If those amendments were desirable, will not
gentlemen agree that even if we are not com-
pelled to treat those States as out of the Union,
yet that we are at liberty so to do by right of
conquest? Surely the rebel States cannot gain-
say it, as they have uniformly taken the same
position.
If gentlemen will not agree to our assuming
either of these propositions for the sake of per-
fecting our Constitution and doing some justice
to the suffering North, then it is evident that
such objection comes rather from partiality to
the rebels than from love of the Union and a
desire for the purification of our Constitution.
Those who desire the elective franchise to be
extended to every native-born citizen of the
South will find no other way of accomplishing it.
In framing territorial governments, Congress
can provide that all shall vote for members of
tile Legislature. In passing enabling acts to
allow them to form constitutions, il is competent
for Congress to provide for universal suffrage.
Thus, no doubt, members would be chosen who
would form a republican constitution. If they
did not they might, well be remitted to their
territorial eondit ion as Utah has been from year
to year. To hope that the States when formed
and admitted will ever grant that privilege is
idle. To pretend that either the President or
Congress by direct legislation can impose it on
the States is worse than idle.
Gentlemen seem confident of the success
of the plan of the Uoniniander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, and profess that the people
will he with them. They have the great advan-
tage of commanding almost the whole corps of
the metropolitan press, which speaks to thou-
sands. The people have to rely oil their coun-
try organs, too many of which are edited by
oliice-holders, or have the public printing. I
am satisfied, from the renewed energy of those
journals that worship at. the shrine of power,
thai all the vigor of the Administration, and all
the arl which political magicians arc master of,
are to be put, in requisition to conquer Con-
gress. 1 observe that the organ in this city,
in a strong editorial this week, asserts that no
considerable portion of the people have differed
with the President's plan, while ho well knew
that no disinterested portions except the Dem-
ocrats agreed to it. The people ought to know
the value of such bold editorials. It may cor-
roborate the declaration of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Kaymoxjj.] The weather-
cocks are veering to Ihe cardinal points.
I understand there is but one paper in this
country understood to be Union that opposes
the policy of Congress. Every paper in my
State, except, one hermaphrodite paper in Phil-
adelphia, and one belligerent paper iti Ilarris-
bnrg, edited by the postmaster, sustains Con-
gress : and every man not ail applicant for
power in the Republican party, from the Alle-
ghanies to the Delaware, every man who over
professed to boa lovor of liberty, is this day for
Congress, even though he may fall under the
ban of the President.
Such, I am assured, is the case in the great
l Northwesl, where the free winds of heaven
| blow over the prairies and purify the atmos-
j phere ; whore sturdy men are willing to work
' and not to play the sycophant.
1 do not speak of New York now m that
connection, for 1 do not know much about her.
I do not know who does. [Laughter.] They
say that Secretary Seward professes to under-
stand her ; if he does, God knows he must, bo
wiser than most men. [Renewed laughter.]
Every paragraph in the papers there lauding
the President is the outcrop of an official ad-
vertisement,
I have no fear as to the filial result. The
people have stood too firmly and borne the bur-
dens of a four years' war too cheerfully to be
willing to surrender the fruits of victory. Nor
have I any fear of Congress. Members came
too well fortified by the courage of their con-
stituents to be seduced or driven from their
positions.
I know that elsewhere, but not in this branch
of Congress, the genial rays which emanate
from the so.urce of all light and warmth here
will soften the spinal marrow of a few ill-con-
trived subjects; and frequent genuflections at
the footstool of power will weaken the knees
of others. You can easily designate them by
their shuffling, cringing, fawning manner. They
never stand erect when manhood is required.
But the number is so few that a large majority
will still stand by their own honor and their
country's welfare.
To you who do not desire these reforms or
any of them, I say frankly, it is of no impor-
tance by whom or when or how reconstruction
is effected. For in three short, years this whole
Government will be in the hands of the kite
rebels and their northern allies.
To you who desire the above reforms or some
of them, and believe them essential to the fu-
ture prosperity and stability of the Republic,
and, as necessary thereto, the continued ascend-
ency of the Union party, let me say with all
earnestness, discard every idea of reconstruc-
tion which does not put the conquered territory
into territorial governments, orsomething equiv-
alent; and thereby distinctly declare that in
adopting those amendments their aid will neither
be desired nor permitted, but that when they
enter the Union they will swear allegiance to a
Constitution to which the consent, of their Legis-
latures will not be asked. Seek out every other
invention and mode of reconstruction which
is within (he jurisdiction of Congress, or the
power of the Commander-in-Chief, and none
can be found which can secure us from rebel
rule, and save the freedmen from laws more
oppressive than the old slave code.
1 had almost overlooked a very important
item of the gentleman from Ohio. He says if
Tennessee was reduced to a Territory, Andrew
Johnson would not be eligible as President.
The gentleman has not well consulted the Con-
stitution. While the President must be a citi-
zen of the United Slates, he can live in a Ter-
ritory or even the Distiict of Columbia, which
was never a State.
If any of you have technical scruples, you can
have none as to the power of the conqueror over
the vanquished. Cut the Gordian knot, if you
cannot untie it, and save the Giieat Republic.
Air. Speaker, I have said a great deal more
than 1 intended. Perhaps it is a little out of
place. My remarks were prepared some time
ago, and I have used them now for the same
reason that President Lincoln signed a bill and
then sent in a veto: he liked the veto and did
not want to lose it. [Laughter.] I did not
like to lose this speech, and so I now allow it
to be embarked upon the surges of this turbu-
lent debate.
Mr. GOODYEAR. Mr. Speaker, I have
sought for several weeks past an opportunity to
offer a resolution in the regular order of busi-
ness, but without success. Not that the regular
order is al all times observed. I am aware
that the rules are suspended at any time by the
majority whenever it is deemed necessary to
press forward a measure sanctioned bva caucus
or to restrict the debate to the side of the
House where by force of numbers the pro-
ceedings are under absolute control. But for
any gentleman on this side to hope for the
accomplishment of anything out of strict rule
is simply preposterous.
I occupy the floor at this time, not by court-
esy, but by strict rule, and I know well, that
even should I desire it the inexorable hammer
would not be suspended an instant at my re-
quest. The knowledge of this fact will neces-
sarily restrict my remarks to correspond with
the given limits, and I choose the debate upon
this subject for (he reason that in the only
opportunity I may have during the session it
will allow the expression of opinions, the state-
ment of facts, and a course of remark gener-
ally which might be deemed irrelevant and
