THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
Shall be declared, recognized, and known as a
post route. They may then set up a claim that
the mail shall not be transported by any other
company.
■ Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know but that they
could do it under this section.
Mr. HENDERSON. They can do it after
the passage of this act.
Mr. GRIMES. Unless some satisfactory
explanation can be given why this section is
here, I think the Senator from Illinois ought
not to ask us to adopt it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not for the life of
me see how the making of .a ferry a post route
is any more dangerous than making a bridge
a post route. That is the very object of the
bill. All these bridges are declared to be post
routes when built. Does anybody suppose that
the declaring of these bridges post routes, as
this hill does 
Mr. HENDERSON. This is not a bridge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am speaking of the
bridges. Does anybody suppose that the
declaring them post routes gives these par-
ticular bridge companies an exclusive Tight,
and prevents other bridges from being built?
If I supposed so, I would not vote for the bill.
How does a ferry differ from a bridge? Jf it
is proper to have a post route, I ask the Sen-
ator from Missouri why it is not proper that a
ferry should be a post route until the bridge is
built. That is the provision here. I do not
wish to take up time about it. I suppose that
the parties who prepared the bill—it was not
prepared by me—and who contemplate build-
ing this bridge, wanted to use their ferry until
they got the bridge constructed; and that is
the provision here. I do not suppose it is
intended, and I do not see how it can inter-
fere with any other company.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Sen-
ator, as a lawyer, if this provision shall be
adopted can any other ferry company at Quiney
take the mails of the United States across from
Qtiincy opposite to Westminster?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly it can if it
is a pout, route.
Mr. HENDERSON. But it will not be a
post route without the legislation of Congress.
The Senator says that he did not draw the bill.
I am very well aware of that, and I suppose
the Senator, like myself, knows nothing about
this ferry company; but I do not wish any par
ticular ferry company now established by the
laws of Missouri and Illinois to be legalized
into being as the only post route at that town
until this bridge shall bo built. It may be
forty or fifty years before the bridge is built,
and other ferry companies may be incorpo-
rated by Illinois and Missouri. Why is it that
this company shall be constituted the only post
route at that point? .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have tried to explain
to the Senator that it is not so to be declared.
I do not know that there is any especial im-
portance in the section, and I do not wish to
have any controversy about it; but for the life
of me I cannot see why the Senator will per-
sist that this is the only post route. If there
is no post route there, ought there not to be
one? I have no more.to say about it. I care
nothing about it. I have no interest in it one
way orthe other, further than to authorize these
greatjmes of travel to accommodate themselves
to each other. I think the time has come
when we have got to have bridges.
Mr.^ SHERMAN. I think it is possible that
this bill will occupy all day if we proceed with
it, and therefore I think we had better take up
the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have nothing further
to say about it. Let the Senate dispose of it
as they think proper.
ThePRESfDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Senator from Missouri
moves to amend the bill by striking out the
fourth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is one vote that
I feel I ought to have on this bill. I do not
intend to argue it. I argued the question a
day or two ago. It is in reference to draw-
bridges or continuous-span bridges. I desire
to make a motion in that regard, as my con-
stituents in Missouri have requested of me to
do so. I do not see fit to read the documents
that I have received on the subject from vari-"
ous towns on the Mississippi river, and from
individuals, engineers and others, and steam-
boat men on this subject, as I do not wish to
occupy the time of the Senate. Suffice it to
say that I have been requested by a very large
number of individuals, commercial bodies, &c.,
in my State to resist the construction upon the
Mississippi river of any bridges except contin-
uous-span bridges.
It is the opinion of some Senators here that
draw-bridges can be constructed so as to be of
less obstruction to navigation than continuous
span bridges. The Senate will remember that
two years ago we authorized the building of a
bridge at Steubcnville. The late lamented
Senator from Vermont (Judge Collanser) was
at that time chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads. He reported a
bill for the building of that bridge at Steuben-
ville, the fourth section of which provided for
the construction of any bridges on the Ohio
river, and required that the continuous spans,
if the bridges were built with continuous spans,
should be three hundred feet in length. I
remember that when the late Senator from
Vermont reported the bill, he slated that if
individuals wanted to construct such bridges
they might attempt it, but his belief was that
no such bridge could be built; that it was an
utter impossibility. I learn from the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that a bridge has
been constructed at Steubenville ninety feet
high, and with a continuous span of three hun-
dred feet, and that it is operating well; that
the railroads are using it, and drawing across
it the largest freight trains; that there is no
difficulty whatever. It is true the bridge cost
a good deal of money, about $900,000; but it
is said to be one of the most substantial and
permanent structures everbuiltin this country ;
it is a piece of bridge architecture perfectly
wonderful in itself.
Inasmuch as it has been demonstrated by
the construction of that bridge that the views
and opinions of individuals a few years ago
were not correct, and that a bridge of that
character can be constructed, I think it would
be better to adopt the continuous-span project
on the Mississippi river. My impression is,
that it is of less obstruction to the river than
draw-bridges. At least, that is the view of all
who have written to me on the subject. In all
the communications that I have received since
this subject was introduced here, and since my
colleague introduced a proposition to bridge
the Mississippi river at St. Louis, I have not
received one that did not express a preference
for a continuous-span bridge. It is not im-
practicable anywhere. I know it was said in
18G2, when the bill for the Steubenville bridge
was passed, that it was.perfectly impracticable
anywhere. There are always any number of
arguments to be adduced as to the impossi-
bility of a project. A bridge constructer re-
marked the other day, I think very forcibly
and aptly, that there was no impossibility with
the American people; that he had ceased
to suppose that there was any impossibil-
ity. When the Senator talks about the im-
possibility of a construction of this character,
I think he misses the mark. I am not dis-
posed to think that the inventive genius of the
American people will now fail them. Four
years ago wo thought it was an utter impossi-
bility to build a bridge across the Ohio river
with a span of three hundred feet, but the thing
has been done. Everybody says now that it
is a perfect success. There is no objection to
building such a bridge across the Mississippi
river. It can be constructed without any doubt.
But in order to test that one question, with-
out making any extended argument on the sub-
ject, because 1 know the Senator from Ohio
is very anxious to get up the Post Office appro-
priation bill, I move, in the fourteenth and
fifteenth lines of the second section, after the
word "act," to strike out all down to the word
"bridge" in the eighteenth line. The clause
now reads in this way:
That any bridge built under the provisions of this
act may, at the option of the company building the
same, he built as a draw-bridge, with a pivot, or
other form of draw, or with unbroken or continuous
spans: Provided. That if the said bridge shall be
made with unbroken and continuous spans it snail
not be of less elevation, &c.
If my motion should be adopted it will read
thus:
That any bridgo built under the provisions of
this act shall be made with unbroken and continuous
spans, and it shall not bo of less elevation, &c.
That will strike out that portion of the sec-
tion which leaves it discretionary with the com-
pany organized under this bill to build draw-
bridges, and it simply brings up the question,
as to whether draw-bridges shall be built on the
Mississippi river or not. That is the plain,
naked question. If my proposition should be
adopted it disposes of the draw-bridges, and
all bridges built must be built with continuous
spans.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume that amend-
ment is not now in order. It is an amendment
to an amendment of the committee which, I
understand, has been agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is an
amendment to an amendment already agreed
to, striking out and inserting, and will not be in
order until the bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not aware that
that amendment of the committee had been
agreed to. I will wait until the bill is reported
to the Senate, and will then offer the amend-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to alter one of
those amendment, and I suppose that this is the
proper time to do it, before we concur in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The better
course will be to have the amendments on which
a separate vote is required by any Senator
excepted, and to take the. question on concur-
ring in all the other amendments to which there
is no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to alter one of
the amendments of the committee in order to
carry out the purpose of the gentleman who
has charge of the bill. It is in the twenty-eighth
and twenty-ninth lines of the amendment to'
the second section. The clause now jeads:
And with spans of not less than one hundred and
seventy-five feet in length on eaoh side of the cen-
tral or pivot pier of the draw.
The Senator from Minnesota means that from
the center of the pivot; but the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] thinks it is not suscep-
tible of that construction. The intentionis to
have an opening of at least one hundred •lid
fifty feet in the clear. I therefore move _ to
amend that amendment in the twenty-ninth line
by striking out the words " seventy-five" and
inserting "fifty," and after the word "length"
inserting the words "in the clear;" so that
it will read:
And with spans of not less than one hundred and
fifty feet in length in the clear on each side of the
central or pivot pier of the draw.
That is what the Senator from Minnesota
intends it shall be; but I think in the way
it stands now there might be a controversy
about it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should very much prefer
if the oj>ening_ between the piers on either side
of the pivot pier was two hundred feet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But that is not what you
meant.
, _ Mr. RAMSEY. One hundred and fifty feet
is the least that I would assent to. The advan-
tage would be very little in favor of that here.
From the center pier would be about twenty
feet. The other piers, at least they are so at
the top, where the superstructure rests upou
