1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3231
tion of the precious metals, to pay a bounty to
increase their production.
Sir, what has siren England her credit above
other nations'? What has made this nation and
its merchants so and buy bills of exchange upon
London to trade with the Indies or with (Jhiua ?
It is the fact that there in that kingdom concen-
trates the great mass of the precious metals of
the world ; that she by awise course of finance
has made herself the great lap of the wealth
of nations into which all the precious metals
have been so amply poured. If this nation
at this moment will take a wide and compre-
hensive view of the policy and conduct of these
minerals and these mineral lands, that great
law of trade that has so long made us pay trib-
ute to England will make New York the Lon-
don of the world. Let us take such a course
as will increase the production of the precious
metals; instead of letting it be numbered by
fifty, sixty, or seventy millions, as it is now,
let our annual production be five hundred mil-
lions, as it will be when that great railroad binds
our eastern and western shores together, and
London will be London no more. Therefore
I call upon those Senators who have this pecu-
liar branch of our country's interests now in
hand to see to it that they impose no taxation
that will limit or cripple the production of the
precious metals.
As I remarked, Mr. President, there is no
opportunity for any deception here as there is
in most manufacturing business. Every dpllar
that is produced is known and every dollar is
felt. With this daily drain now for t lie precious
metals upon New York—for not a ship leaves
that port that does not count her treasure by
millions, being taken to the great reservoii of
the piecious metals, London—I ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and all other Senators who
desire to see our credit established upon as
substantial a basis as credit can be, to con-
sider well before the}' attempt to impose a tax:
upon tiie production of gold and silver, which
is the life-giving power of this nation at this
moment.
The Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] always
careful and vigilant, wants to know how it is,
if each dollar costs so much, that the business
is pursued. 1 can answer him very well. I
think, and my friend, the Senator from Rhode
Island, | Mr. Si'itAGru,] who is au fait upon
all manufacturing interests, will bear me wit-
ness that I answer truly. Everything in its
infancy costs all that it. is worth to pi ounce.
This mining interest broke upon the United
States as a great wonder; and as a parallel,
for long years, (and I am prepared to vote for
it now, reversing the whole teachings of my
political life,) the manufacturing interests have
been in their infancy ever since they were born,
and God knows how long they will remain so,
and every year we help them. While we tax
them on the one hand we give them advantages
of market and trade by a tariff on the other.
The production of gold and silver is nothing
but a large scale of manufacturing. It pene-
trates the mountain; it, assorts the ore; it
brings it out; and the clatter of the stamps is
heard from morning until morning again ; and
when what they technically call in mining the
clean-up comes, very often the clean-up ex-
hibits the lofty sum of nothing, while thousands
have been expended in the effort. Would you
stop there? Would the Senator from Ohio
have it stop there? Not at all. Try again.
The next clean-up gives something, and so on
until it begins to bo remunerative. They ask
nothing in this great scale of manufacturing
that other manufacturers have not possessed
and always enjoyed in this country.
But, sir, this is gold and silver, and the fee
to the land belongs to the United States, I am
told. I glory in that; and I might as well say
lieie as anywhere that I would rather it would !
stay theio. 1 think they are the best owners,
bui I am not going to quarrel about that. Bat,
sir, these precious metals would have slum-
bered there till the resurrection horn was heard
if it had not been for individual enterprise and
daring skill; and more hardships have been
endured in it than in the establishment of all
the manufactories whose million spindles are
twirled with a velocity that makes you giddy
to watch them. It has not been in your marts
or towns, but it has been upon the mountain-
side and mountain-top. They have had to take
their machinery there, and by the greatest pos-
sible exertion the means of reducing ore ob-
tained.
I hope, sir, that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio will not prevail. I received
from warm supporters of this Government, a
few days ago, a telegraphic dispatch signed by
a number of miners of the State of Nevada,
men whose integrity, energy, and skill are not
to be questioned, and whose fidelity to their
country and its best interests is not to be ques-
tioned by any one, in which they say that the
present tax is onerous, and any higher or fur-
ther tax will greatly retard the development
of the mines of that region of our country.
Sir, in behalf of those toiling miners, in behalf
of that class of men who are doing to-day as
much as any class of men in this country to
uphold its credit, to lay a golden basis upon
which it can stand, I appeal to the justice of
this Senate whether they will tax them further
or higher upon that laudable and just effort.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, a year
ago I felt it to be my duty to oppose any lax
whatever upon the production of gold, and I
am not able to see that the considerations that
governed me at that have passed away. I
think, instead of taxing the production of gold,
we ought rather to encourage its production,
especially while we have a public debt upon
our shoulders. The increase of the circulating
medium of the country, especially of that which
is the standard of value the world over, makes
the payment of our debt and the annually accru-
ing interest easier as we continue to increase.
Upon this view of the subject. 1 shall move to
strike ouL all that portion of this section which
relates to a proposed tax from and including
the sixteenth line to the close of the sect-ion.
If I had a view to revenue I should not advo-
cate this particular measure. I think that very
little revenue will be realized from this mode
of taxation. It proposes a tax upon the net
production. 1 presume that means the profit
which the miner makes. How is that to be
ascertained? I submit to the authors of this
bill whether it can be satisfactorily and certainly
ascertained what is the net production of a
mine. As is stated by the Senator from Ne-
vada, some of the mines are managed by large
companies who keep an account of their ex-
penditures as well as their incomes, with the
view of ascei taining the dividend of eacli stock-
holder. If we had entire confidence in the
books of all these companies, perhaps we could
ascertain the. net production of a particular
mine; but certainly there are very large pro-
ductions of gold by persons acting in their in-
dividual enterprises and not in the form of com-
panies. Who is to ascertain, then, what is the
net production of the mines of the country, and
what machinery are we to adopt by which this
shall be ascertained?
The present tax, as I understand, is live
eighths of one per cent, upon the gross produc-
tions. 1 should like to see that repealed. I
think it is very undesirable to tax the mines at
all, but if we are to tax them we had better
have it upon something certain. I submit to
the Senate whether a tax on the gross receipts,
in regard to which there can be no evasion or
fraud, is not much more desirable to the Gov-
ernment than a tax upon the net production
of the mines? The one is ascertained at the
assay office, the other on information to be
communicated by the miner. One miner is an
honest man, he gives an account of all tho ex-
penses which he has incurred in the production
of a certain amount of gold; another miner,
not so scrupulously honest, will give a very dif-
ferent account of his operations during the
year. And when is this tax to be collected,
and how collected? I think it proper to strike
out all of this bill that relates to a tax upon the
net production, and I offer that amendmsnt.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire whether
a motion to amend that portion of the section
will not be first in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The motion of the Senator from Ohio
is first in order, as it is in the nature of perfect-
ing the clause which the Scuator front Indiana
proposes to strike out.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to obviate delay
in the matter. I would much prefer the propo-
sition of the Senator from Indiana than to have
the bill .stand as it is.
Mr. CONNESS. I will agree to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. And for this reason : the
last clause of the section as it stands repeals
tiie stamp duty, which I have no doubt will
yield more than five per cent, on the net
income. It would be impossible, at any rate,
to enforce the section as it is, because it would
be impossible in the assay office to distinguish
between the bullion taken from the public do-
main and the bullion taken from the mines, the
title to which was in private individuals, and I
am therefore willing that the tax should be as
at present.
Mr. CONNESS. You withdraw your amend-
ment, then?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shall move to amend
this bill at the proper time, and as the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is withdrawn,
I suppose it will be in order for me to make a
motion now to amend the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to liave one
or two other amendments inserted, to which
I think there will be no objection, and then
the Senator will have an opportunity to offer
his.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state my amend-
ment. I shall move to amend the bill by strik-
ing out sections two, throe, four, live, six,
seven, and eight—all of the bill that relates to
the sale of the mineral lands. I am very sorry
that I cannot agree with my friends from Cal-
ifornia and Nevada as to the necessity and ex-
pediency of this part of the bill providing for
the sale of the mineral lands, or any part of
the mineral lands upon the Pacific coast. I
am opposed to this part of the bill upon sev-
eral grounds. I have some personal knowl-
edge of the mining business, living in a coun-
try where it is to some extent prosecuted, and
that, with what I have derived from my asso-
ciation with those engaged in that business,
satisfies me that it is unwise for the Govern-
ment to enter upon any system of selling the
mineral lands upon the Pacific coast. I am
also instructed by the Legislative Assembly of
the State which 1 have the honor to represent
in part upon this floor to oppose any proposi-
tion to sell the lands; and although perhaps I
should not implicitly follow those instructions
upon a subject of this kind if they did not ac-
cord with my own judgment, still as they do
agree with the opinions which I entertain I
propose to follow- and obey them, Other gen-
tlemen may possess different information on
the subject; but so far as I am advised, the
men who are engaged in mining, the practical
miners of the country, are almost, if not quite,
unanimously opposed to any proposition of this
kind. I think they not only understand their
own interests, but they understand the inter-
ests of the country; and I would rather take
the opinion of a practical miner upon this sub-
ject than any opinion of any mail, I do not
care how profound he may be in wisdom or
philosophy, where that opinion is formed upon
speculation or theory.
Mr. STEWART. Yon have in this bill the
opinion of two or three practical miners. I
think we can claim to be such.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Sir, it is possible that if
these gentlemen were at work at this time in
the mines they might not have the same opin-
ion which they now have upon that subject. I
may be misadvised, and there may be those in
the mines who are in favor of this proposition.
I do not profess to know the opinions of all
the individual miners ; but I do profess to know
that those engaged iu mining in that part of
