1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Natural History of the Human Species,
Its Typical Forms, &c., published inEdinburg,
says:
" In no part of this extended region [negro Africa]
is thei e an alphabet, a hieroglyphic, or oven a picture
or symbol of any description."
Knox, in his Lectures on the Races of Man,
declares:
"The grand qualities which distinguish the man
from the animal, the generalizing powers of pure rea-
son, the lovo of perfectibility, the desire to know the
unknown, and lastand greatest, the ability to observe
new phenomena and now relations; these mental func-
tions are deficient, or seem to be, in all dark races.
But if it be so, how can they become civilized? v> hat
hopes for theii progress?"
These questions are thus answered, casually,
but most pertinently, by a French traveler in
the West Indies, Cassaynac:
"The friends of useful and moral liberty should
strive to maintain the supremacy of the white race
until the black race understands, loves, and practices
the duties and obligations of civilized life."
Carlisle thus addresses himself to the eman-
cipated negroes of the West Indies:
"You are not slaves now, nor do I wish, if it can be
avoided, to see you slaves again; but decidedly you
will have to be servants to those who are born wiser
than you, that are born lords of you—servants to the
whites if they arc (as what mortal man can doubt
they are?) horn wiser than von. That, you may de-
pend on it, my obscure black friends, is and was al-
ways the law of the world, for you and for all men to
bo servants, the more foolish of us to the more wise.
• Heaven's laws are not repealable by earth, however
earth may try."
Paulding, in his Treatise on Slavery in the
United States, speaking of amalgamation, de-
nounces it as " a scheme for lowering the stand-
ard of our nature, by approximating the high-
est grade of human beings to the lowest." "We
have a right to conclude from all history and
experience that there is an equal disparity of
mental organization." "The experience of
years stands arrayed against the principle of
equality between the white man and the black.''
"All that the black man has ever done is to ap-
proach to the lowest scale of intellectual emi-
nence, and the world has demonstrated its set-
tled opinion of his inferiority by pronouncing
even this a wonder."
In a letter from Dr. Morton, another learned
and impartial northern man, there is this pas-
sage :
" It makes little difference whether the mental in-
feriority of the negro, the Samoyede, or the Indian,
is natural or acquired; for if ever they possessed equal
intelligence with the Caucasian they have lost it,
and if they never had it they had nothing to lose.
One party would arraign Providence for creating them
originally different, another for placing them in cir-
cumstances bv which they became inevitably so. Let
us find out the truth, and reconcile it afterward."
The testimony of Judge Conrad is, that—
"The negro in the North has equal, if not superior,
advantages ot ille poor white man." "It cannot,
however, be boasted that his intellectual character
has been materially elevated, or his moral nature
greatly improved."
George H. Calvert's Scenes and Thoughts in
Europe teaches that—
"At one end of the human scale is the black man,
at the other the white; between them the broivn and
the yellow. The white man never comes into contact
and conflict with the others that ho does not conquer
them."
The French philanthropist, Pynode, con-
cludes :
"We no longer consider negroes as devoted to the
hatred of God, but we hold them, generally, almost
universally, as our inferiors by their own nature."
Levasseur, another French writer oil this
theme, premises:
"In times past, as now. i i seems that the negro race,
if left to themselves, cannot arrive at civilization."
Even Pricliard, one of the few writers on the
natural "history of man who does not frankly
concede the inferiority of the negro race, admits
that—
"By the animality or degradation of the forms of
the pelvis, peculiar to the liegress and the Bushman
and the Hottentot, is implied an approach toward
the forms of the chimpanzee and the orang-outang."
Gibbon, in reference to the absence of con-
tinued, sustained, and persevering efforts of the
negro race for its own improvement, observes:
" The inaction of the negroes does not seem to be
the effect cither of their virtue or of their pusilla-
nimity. They indulge, like the restof mankind, their
passions and their appetites, and the adjacent tribes
are engaged ill froquent acts of hostility. But their
rude ignorancehasneverinventedany effectual weap-
ons; they appear incapable of forming any extensive
plan of government or conquest, and tho obvious in-
feriority ot their mental faculties has been discovered
and abused by their neighbors of the temperat&zone,"
Puffendorf asserts it to be a law of nature
that when the negro
" Has the fortune to live in subjection to a wise di-
rector, he is, without doubt, fixed in such a state of
life as is most agreeablo to his genius and capacity."
Mr. Jefferson's passionate denunciation of
slavery has been often and exultingly quoted
by its opponents; yet this is his testimony as to
the capability of the negro race:
"Never yet could I find that a black had uttered a
thought above the level of a plain narration; never
saw even an elementary trait of painting and sculp-
ture."
Theodore Parker, as quoted by Nott, in his
work, Types of Mankind, declares that—
" The Caucasian differs from all other races. He is
humane, ho is civilized, he progresses. It is intellect,
after all, that conquers, not the staiengtli of man's
arm. The Caucasian lias often been the master of
other races, never their slave. Republics aie Cau-
casian. All the great sciences are of Caucasian origin.
All inventions are Caucasian. Literature and ro-
mance coino Iroin the same stock."
Mr. President I could array many other au-
thorities, European and American, to the same
effect, but it would be a superfluous work.
There has been brought to the attention of the
Senate enough of this sort of evidence. But
there is other testimony of a different nature,
and of such volume and weight that it will com-
pel all men of common understanding, and ac-
cessible to truth, to accent the proposition that
the negro is inferior to the white race. We
have spread before us the authentic history of
the negro on the continent of America in the
United States; and his life and history here, for
more than three hundred years, bear plainly and
conclusively upon that question. The actual
observation and experience of avast number
of intelligent, living people, demonstrate to
them, and through them to the world, tho prop-
osition that the white race is superior to the
negro to be immutably true.
The lirst authentic history of negro slavery in
Europe, in modern times, dates in 1442, when
some Moorish prisoners to Portugal purchased
their freedom by giving a ransom of negro slaves.
In 1503, while the great discoverer, Columbus,
was viceroy of flispaniola, afterward named
San Domingo, the first cargo of African slaves
ever brought to the New World were landed
in that island. So soon as the Spaniards had
formed a settlement, and as they continued to
form them, on islands and mainland, they en-,
slaved the native Indian, and compelled him
to the severest labor in the mines and the fields.
The Indian was of a fragile and sensitive or-
ganization, and nothing could mitigatehis fixed
aversion to labor. The consequence was that
the destruction of Indian life in Spanish sla-
very became frightful.
The chroniclers and historians of that day
inform us that San Domingo when it was dis-
covered had an Indian population of about
2,000,000. It is hard to believe that any area
of country, not a groat deal larger, could have
sustained such a teeming population of savages;
but the soil of San Domingo was of extraordi-
nary fertility, its fruits and vegetables abound-
ing, spontaneous, and perennial, and its climate
mild and salubrious. We are told by the same
authority that in 1495 an army of 100.000
natives was assembled by one of their chiefs to
drive the Spaniards from the island, and that
Columbus, with less than 300 Spanish soldiers,
struck that host of savages, and with the force of
a tropical tornado swept it before him. Within
fifty years from the discovery of tho island its
Indian population wasredueed below 20,000; It
was to save tho aboriginal race from the weight
of a servitude they had not the strength to
endure, and from apparent speedy annihilation,
that the monk, Las Casas, procured the Spanish
Government to order the importation of the
African negro into all its American colonies for
the purposes of labor. His constitution was
found to be well adapted to the tropical climate
and the labor of its cotton and sugar fields under
a vertical sun. lie had strength and endurance,
wasdocileandimitative,submittedreadily,to,the- -
large tasks imposed upon him, and soon learned !
to perform his simple labors. Instead of pining
ana wasting away like the Indian, the African,
with the facility of his nature, accepted his new
condition. He became contented and cheer-
ful, was healthy and strong, capable and "will-;
ing to perform what was exacted from hiin, and
was the greatly preferred laborer of the tropics .-
and the low latitudes generally. One negr<j,=
was deemed to be the equivalent of four Indian ,
slaves. The natural increase of the negro race ,
in this slavery was very largo, and it was aug-
mented by heavy annual importations from A.f- ,
ricainto all the European colonies of America -
for the three hundred years succeeding its dig- .
covery. In that period of time it has been
estimated that 30,000,000 African negroes were
brought from their native land to slavery in the
American colonies by the ships of all maritime
Europe. No imagination can compass the
aggregate horrors of such a vast slave traffic!
Nowhere was the increase of negro slaves
more rapid than in the island of San Domingo;
nowhere the product of their labor more largely
remunerative. The area of this island is a frac-
tion under 28,000 square miles. In the latter
part of the last century about two thirds of it
were under the dominion of Spain, and the
other third was a possession of France. Alison
in his History of Europe says that before the rev-
olution by which the negroes acquired the mas-
tery of the island—
"In tho French portion the inhabitants consisted
of about 411,000 whites, 60,000 mulattoos, and 500,000
negro slaves. This French colony was immensely'
pi oductive, exceeding all tho British islands together.
IN exports, including tho Spanish portion, were
£18,400,000, and its imports £10,000,000 sterling." ,
He adds:
"The following table contains the comparative ^
wealth, produce, and trade of San Domingo-before
ITS!), nod ill 18u2, alter forty years of nominal free-
dom
1789. 1832.
Population  000,000 ^0,000
Sucar exported, pound* 072,000,000 none
ColTeo exported, pounds  86,7S9,000 32,000,000
Ships employed  1.680 1
Sailors  27,000 167
Exports to France £0,720,000 none
Imports £9,890,000 none
The mulattoes and negroes of the French
portion of the island revolted in 1790, and the
freedom of the slaves in this and all the French
colonies was proclaimed by the National As-
sembly, June 3, 1793.
The same historian continues:
"By the expulsion of the French from San Domingo
it has been nominally independent; but slavery has
been far indeed from being abolished, and the condi-
tion of the people anything but ameliorated by tho
change. Nominally free, the blacks hove remained
really enslaved. Compelled to laboi by the terrors of
military discipline, for a small part of the products of
tho soil, they have retained the severity without the
advantagesof servitude. Theindustrioushabits, tho
flourishing aspect of the island, have disappeared;
and the inhabitants, reduced to half their former
amount, and bitterly galled by their republican task-
masters, have relapsed into the indolence and inac-
tivity of savage life."
Thus writes the great historian ^Alison, and
since then time lias thrown no illumination
over this'dark picture of historic truth. Who,
in three quarters of a century, has done noth-
ing toward the further development of the still
dormant resources of one of the most exuber-
ant and salubrious islands of the ocean? Noth-
ing still further to advance its population, arts,
or civilization ? W ho has failed to conserve the
population, industry, production, commerce,
wealth, and social order to which part of the
island had attained under French rule? Who
devastated its thousands of sugar plantations,
and gave to the flames its residences of luxury
and refinement, with the accompaniments of
libraries and letters and the arts and all the tro-
phies of wealth, cultivation, and taste? Who
annihilated its sugar production of 672,000,000
pounds annually, and reduced its annual growth
of coffee 54,000,000 pounds? Who swept from,
the seasits great fleets of merchantmen and tens
of thousands of sailors? Who cut of wholly its
$92,000,000 of exports and $00,000,000 of im-
ports annually? Who reduced its population
more than one half, and notwithstanding that
