2 
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
population first rose in 1790 to assert by force of
aims its own freedom, and this boon was assured
to it by" the National Assembly of 1793, amidst
the frenzy that executed Louis XVI as a state
criminal, and was confirmed by the overwhelm-
ing numbers of Toussaint and Dessalines, and
the more fatal climate of the island, to the armies
of Francfe, who still held this population, nomi-
nally free,-to real servitude, and by the bayonet
forced it to the performance of grievous tasks for
small remuneration ? Who was it that swept in-
dustry, plenty, opulence, law 3 ordef, peace, and
security from the island, and introduced in their
stead passion, injustice, violence, rapine, mur-
der, universal desolation, bloody ana ferocious
cifil war, theabandonment of all business and in-
dustrial pursuits, the reign of all the fierce pas-
sions, and the perpetration of every revolting
crime, the subversion of the entire fabric of
civil society, and the relapse of the whole pop-
ulation into the inactivity, indolence, and sto-
lid listlessness of savage life? Who was it but
the negro that brought this manifold and terri-
ble woe upon the fairest, and richest island of
the seas? And what people did he bring it
upon? Not those who had enslaved him, for
they generally had escaped to other lands; not
upon a stranger people, but upon his own race,
his own kindred, upon himseli He had driven
out the white owners and had appropriated their
possessions to himself, after having most wan-
tonly despoiled them. He had been brought
there by the master race when he was an igno-
rant, helpless savage, and but little above the
brute creation. He had been made a slave,
and in slavery he had learned and acquired all
he knew.
As the white man's slave, instructed by and
hnbibing from his master, he had generally ac-
quired much practical and useful knowledge,
and in many eases had been educated to a lim-
ited extent. He thus had acquired an enlighten-
ment and civilization to which his free ancestors,
in their own country, had made no approach.
The efficiency which this knowledge, this civ-
ilization, imparted to him, added to his over-
whelming numbers, enabled him speedily to
drive the white man from the island, and tobe-
comeits sole lord and ruler. For more than sixty
ycarsilhas been the theater of hiseftorls for sell-
government, of his statesmanship, of his capacity
to conserve and yet further advance a civilization
which had been conferred upon him by the white
race. From nowhere has he been thwarted or in-
terfered with in those efforts; on the contrary, he
lias been aided by residence with him, for Ihc
whole period, of many intelligent, and friendly
white persons, and by daily commercial inter-
course with the most, enlightened nations of the
earth, all anxious for hisgreatest success. And
sofarfrom his moving onward and upward,
there is too much ground for the apprehension
that all the knowledge and civilization which he
attained to as a slave he will lose as a freeman.
Internecine, bloody, and desolating wars of the
mulatto, negro, and white races of this island
hare continued to convulse it from 7 7<lOfor the
succeeding ten years, and (hen between mulatto
and riegro to this day. The chieftains, yellow
and black, have been a legion. Ogo, Jeannot,
Kigaud, Francois, Beauvois. Toussaint. Chris-
tophe, Dessalines, Clervaux, Petion, Boyer, Go-
mar, Richard, Sonlouque, and others since have
been the actors in this long and terrible drama,
and each one, throughout his part in all the
shifting scenes, wore a sword reeking with the
blood of the murdered people. The last act
has come not yet, and still the movement is on-
ward in a relapse toward that ignorance and bar-
barism whose black pall has hung immovable
and impenetrableforunnumbered centuries over
the aboriginal home of this negro race.
, President, it is sometimes said that
these horrible disorders were the natural fruits of
the long slavery of the negro people, and of their
delivering themselves from it by force and arms.
ranee for some centuries had been about as
much debased and oppressed as San Domingo;
though m a different form. Herupheaval threw
oit the long-accumulating weight and scattered
it with the strength and fury of a volcano Her
frenzy passed away_, and with renewed ener-
gies she mcived off in the further development
of intellect, and in the noble achievements of a
higher civilization. But while the worst Jacob-
inism was raging in Paris, a spark from that in-
fernal magazine lit upon this devoted island,
among an inferior race,- who had no reeuper1
ative forces; and the ruin which it spread has
remained irremediable and hopeless.
When the subjects of Christophe, goaded by
the bloody oppressions of that negro tyrant, in
1820 rose against him and transferred the north-
ern portion of the island to Boyer, and thus
made him its sole ruler, no people ever had a
more favorable opportunity to repair the rav-
ages of war, to enter upon a new and brighter
career of national progress; but the Creator' of
all races of men had not made the negro equal
to such a work of regeneration.
When the horrors of San Domingo were pre-
sented to Europe, Bonaparte, then First Con-
sul, exclaimed that the association calling itself
"the friends of the negro," the abolitionists of
that day, who devised this hideous by-play of
the French Revolution, "should veil itself in
black." But the abolitionists of that day, and
of this day, have no remorse or shame, none of
the workings of the true principles of justice
and philanthropy.
The negro race has passed through the pro-
bation from slavery to freedom in other con-
ditions, under different circumstances, and by
another system. The Parliament liberated, by
its own imperial act, the slaves of the British
West India islands. The owners there, and
everywhere, who made profit and wealth by the
labor of slaves, of their own free act never did
nor ever will liberate them. The preparation
for this measure was the operations of half a
century, in Parliament and out of Parliament, of
Sharp, Clarksmi, Wilberforce, and other true
and noble philanthropists, for the destruction
of the barbarous slave trade, and their final suc-
cess in 1825. Their object for many years was
limited to laws of Parliament, punishing this
traffic as piracy ; and as they were cheered by
increasing prospects of success, they naturally
enlarged it to the liberation also of the slaves
in all the British colonies. In 18^3 a society
was formed "for the mitigation and gradual
abolition of slavery throughout the British do-
minions." Laws were passed forbidding the
use of the lash, and making other meliorations
in the treatment of slaves, and requiring the
children to be schooled, all looking to their ul-
timate freedom. At length, in 1833, Parliament
passed an act liberating all slaves in the British
West Indies, and appropriating£20,000,000 as
compensation to their owners. It provided,
also, for their apprenticeship by classes dur-
ing two, four, and six years: but the negroes be-
haved so badly as apprentices that the planters
voluntarily gave up the system, and at once con-
ferred upon them absolute freedom. Jamaica,
the largest, English island, contains about 0,400
square miles, has great fertility, and the name
was given to it for the abundance of its springs
of the purest water.- Under all the depressing
influence of the long agitation to emancipate
the slaves, when that measure took effect there
were upon this island 1-5,770 whites, 293,125
blacks, and 08,527 mulattoes.
This English emancipation had the orisons of
the world, and it was confidently vaunted that
it would bring up the negro race to the level
of the proud Caucasian, and under its regener-
ating influence the population, productiveness,
and wealth of those islands would soon leave far
behind the utmost limits they had ever pre-
viously reached. These islands continue to be
English colonies, protected by the power, re-
strained by the guardian care, and guided by
the enlightened and firm statesmanship of the
impertalOovernment. The enfranchised negro
there becamc "equal before the law," and the
peer of the white man, his late master. They
were associates in political power, and alike
eligible to all the offices of the locality. In this
state of freedom the natural indolence of the
negro resumed its dominion over him, and he
refused to labor in the fields to such an extent
as to greatly decrease the productiveness and
prosperity ofthose colonies. Jamaica, in 1809,
imported to the amount of £4,068,897, and ex-
ported £3,033,234 5 and in 1810 she imported
£4,308,387, and exported £3,303,579. During
those years she was a slave colony. In 1853,
twenty years after her slaves had been emanci-
pated, her imports were £864,094, and her ex-
ports £837,276; and in 1864 her exports were
£403,520, and her imports £932.316. From the
period of her slavery to her freedom her imports
fell off more than tenfold, and her exports
nearly fourfold; and this notwithstanding her
negro population had increased 48,002, her mu-
lattoes 12,526, and there have been introduced
from the East Indies tens of thousands of cool-
ies to take the place of the freed negroes who
had abandoned her fields. The white popula-
tion, however, fell off 1,960. The great decay
in the material prosperity of Jamaica is made
more striking by the facts, that during the
period between 1832 and 1847, 605 sugar and
coffee plantations, containing 356,432 acres of
land, and affording employment to 49,383 labor-
ers, were entirely abandoned; and from 1848 to
1853, 573 other plantations, of 391,187 acres,
were totally or partially turned to waste, and
this in an island of less than 7,000 square miles.
These astounding facts are verified by Carey,
and a statement made by the West India Asso-
ciation of Glasgow, and appendent documents.
Bigelow, in his Notes on Jamaica, says:
" Shipping has deserted her ports; her magnificent
plantations of sugar and coffee a,re running to weeds;
her private dwellings are falling to decay; the coin-
forts and luxuries which belong to industrial pros-
perity have been cut off, one by one, from her inhab-
itants; and the day is at hand when there will be no
one left to represent the wealth, intelligence, and hos-
pitality for which the Jamaica planter was once so
distinguished."
But by far the worst phase of all in relation
to Jamaica, is the recent murderous insurrec-
tion of her negro population. Liberty, equality
of rights, an abounding, peaceful, and per-
fectly protected home; products of a most fer-
tile soil, and a climate whose creative forces
never sleep; all the trophies of the arts, the
sciences, and letters; the dignity, influence,
and power of office, position in society, wealth
and fame, and religious culture, were all spread
out before the negro of Jamaica, and gratui-
tously offered to his acceptance by the wliite
man. And yet, after being the object of such
benefactions for thirty years, and every pros-
pect of their long continuance, he has risen
upon the few resident white people to expel
them from the island, or to doom them to a
bloody extermination. He has added another
to the thousand testimonies that he is a savage
who may be tamed, but that his cruel nature
cannot be eradicated, and only sleeps, and that
when the occasion and the exciting causes arise
he is ready to rush into the carnival of blood.
There he reenacted the shocking excesses of
ISan Domingo, giving the white racc to indis-
criminate slaughter—saivingin twain the bodies
of the men. first violating with brutal lust and
then murdering the women, severing the heads
of helpless infants from their bodies, and bearing
them on pikes in front of their armed bands, as
the ensigns of the infernal war thev were wag-
ing against the race of their benefactors. The
military authorities of the island have punished
by summary execution, as the newspapers in-
form us, from two to four thousand prominent
actors in this savage and murderous outbreak;
and we cannot suppose that this retributive jus-
tice^ whatever its_extent, was too severe.
Vi' hat caused this terrible uprising of the negro
population? The two races, in fearful dispar-
ity of numbers though, were living together on
this_island, and notwithstanding the essential
and irreclaimable inferiority of the negro, in full
equality of legal and political rights. But the
laws of man could not change the order of cre-
ation. The negro had been daily confronted
for a generation by a superiority of race which
all his efforts were insufficient to equal; and at
length he looked up at the white man's emi-
nence in hopeless despair. He at first imitated,
then envied, and at length hated it and its pos-
sessor. He contemplated his own vast nnm-
