3232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
the country in which I reside are opposed to
any scheme lor selling the mineral lands.
I suppose, sir,, that this part of the bill has
in view two objects: one is to promote the
interests of the Government by increasing its
revenue : and the other is to protect the inter-
ests and rights of the miners. I find that this
bill, like all others that I have seen on the
subject, contemplates the extension of the sur-
veys of the United States to all that portion
of the country where minerals are found, in-
cluding the barren, extensive plains, and the
rugged and precipitous mountains upon the
Pacific coast. I find a provision in the fourth
section of the bill to the effect that certain
things may take place or be lawful "after the
extension thereto," that is to the mining dis-
tricts, "of the public surveys;" and in other
- parts of the bill there is an assumption that
the public surveys are to be extended to all
parts of this mining country. Who can esti-
mate the expense to the United States of un-
dertaking to survey this vast region of country?
1 will not undertake it; and I suppose nobody
will venture to estimate the amount of that
expense. If anybody could approximate to
the sum it would be found to be enormous,
and frightful in the burdens it would impose
upon the Treasuiy of Llie United States.
Moreover, this bill provides that persons
taking claims such as are described in the bill
may enter those claims in the laud office ; and
of course it will be necessary to create land dis-
tricts in all parts of the country where this busi-
ness is prosecuted. Land offices must be estab-
lished ; and those land offices must be estab-
lished where they will be convenient and ac-
cessible to the miners; otherwise the system
cannot bo operative ; it will be a perfect failure.
There is the vast Territory of Washington, in
which at this time there are two land ollices;
there an; two in the State of Oregon ; there
are none in Idaho; nony in Montana; none in
Utah; one, 1 believe, in Colorado; and one in
New Mexico. This vast region of country,
thousands of miles in extent, in every part of
which the business of mining is now, or prob-
ably will be, prosecuted, must be divided into
laud districts, and those land ollices ought to
be located where they can be reached by the
miners without any great trouble or expense.
The consequcnce, of course, will be that a very
laige number of land ollices must be estab-
lished ; numerous officers must bo appointed ;
ami tiler e. will be in such a country very many
outlays of money in the undertaking, besides
tin' ordinary expenses which attend tiie crea-
tion end management of such ollices.
Moreover, there must be a surveyor general.
This lull contemplates that each one of those
claims is to be surveyed by the surveyor gen-
eral appointed by the Government, and paid
either by the claimant or by the Government;
and 1 am not able to wholly determine from
the terms of this bill upon whom such expenses
are to devolve; for in addition to the ordi-
nary surveys it is provided that "the surveyor
general shall receive for such service"—that
is, for surveying each one of these claims—
"such compensation as is allowed by law, with
mileage not to exceed at legal rates the amount
chargeable from the connty seat of the county
in which the claim may be situated to the said
claim." is it wise for the Government to en-
gage in a scheme that will be attended with
such enormous expenses? When you take into
consideration the amounts that must be ex-
pended in the establishment of these numerous
land districts, in the surveys of this vast and ,
broken country, and in the other expenses that ]
are incidental to the issuing of patents, I think
it is worse than folly for the Government to
undertake any system of this kind with a view
of increasing its income, for instead of adding
anything to the revenues of the Government,
it win only impose new and grievous burdens
upon it.
Mr. S1ETVART. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator whether it is not necessary in that coun-
try to survey the land in order to bring that
which is agricultural into the market-. - Is* he
not in favor of segregating the agricultural from
the mineral land, so as to give homes to those
who have settled in the interior? There are
at least three hundred thousand living in that
country settled upon lands where they would
like to make their homes. They are to be found
in the upper portion of California, in portions
of Oregon, and in Idaho, Montana, Utah, Ari-
zona, Colorado, and Nevada. We cannot ex-
tend the surveys unless we have a system of
segregation. We have not yet extended the
surveys. There are thousands of people in all
the Stat.es and Territories on that coast who are
now without any title to their homes. You
cannot well have a stable community there
until we have this segregation of the agricul-
tural from the mineral lands. That involves
about all the surveying that the Senator com-
plains of.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I believe
there has been no departure as yet from the
rectangular system of surveys established by
the Government, and so far as these agricul-
tural lands are concerned they generally lie in
bodies where they can be surveyed without
much difficulty. It is not generally necessary
to survey the whole country in order to survey
bodies of agricultural lands. Public surveys
for agricultural purposes are generally made by
running straight lines at right angles ; but this
bill contemplates, if I understand it, that each
claim taken by a miner is to bo separately sur-
veyed by the surveyor general, no matter how
inconvenient its location or irregular its shape,
and the public surveys are to be made to con-
form to the size and shape of the claims taken
by the miners, so that whatever may be the
expense growing out of such surveys of the
country as are necessary for agricultural pur-
poses, certainly the extension of the surveys to
all the mineral lands will add very much to the
expenses of the Government. Such lands as
arc described in this bill are generally found
m mountainous districts, where it is exceedingly
difficult to make surveys, or in portions of the
country worthless for all purposes except for
the purposes of mining. I am simply seeking
to show that the sale of the mineral lands will
be an immense expense to Government, I eare
not what system may be devised for their sale.
It will be enormously expensive to establish
the necessary offices, to pay the necessary offi-
cers, and to defray all the other expenses which
must attend the system. I am answering the
argument that is used in favor of selling the
land by those who say it will add to the reve-
nues of the Government. I say it is demon-
strably certain that it will add immensely to
the expenses of the Government, and that no
income tax that is not burdensome and crush-
ing to those engaged in mining will equal the
amount of the expenditures of the Government
in undertaking to sell these lands after they
have beeu surveyed at the Government ex-
pense.
This bill provides that these lands shall be
sold at the rate of five dollars per acre, and it
did provide that "three per cent, of the net
product of a mine, vein, or lode" should be
levied "in lieu of the stamp tax;" but I be-
lieve it is generally agreed that this clause,
which was particularly objectionable in my
opinion, shall be stricken out; so that this bill
will only provide, to meet these numerous ex-
penses to the Government, for the sale of min-
eral lands at five dollars per acre. Anybody
can readily see what the amount of revenue
derived from the sale of these lands at five dol-
lars per acre will be, compared with the cost
of their survey and sale according to the pro-
visions of this bill.
If it will do the Government no good to sell
these lands, what advantage will it be to the
miners? I shall speak particularly of the feat-
ures of this bill. I do not intend to discuss
the subject in a general way, but only to call
attention to the provisions of'this bill. If the
suggestions which I make can be satisfactorily
answered, then of course I shall be content
with what may be said in favor of this measure.
I will- remark, in the first place, that this bill
differs from all other laws relating to the pre-
emption of the public lands. I should like to
know whether the intent is to make it per-
missive or imperative on the mnier. It pro-
vides  
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know what
feature of the bill that inquiry is directed at.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I "wiil point out the par-
ticular feature. The second section of the bill
provides—
That, whenever any person or association of per-
sons claim a vein or lode of quartz or other rock in
place, bearing gold, silver, cinnabar, or copper, hav-
ing previously occupied and improvod the same, ac-
cording to the local custom or rules of miners in tho
district where the same is situated, and in regard to
whose possession there is controversy or opposing
claim, it shall and may be lawful for said claimant
or association of claimants to file in the local land
office a plat ol'thesame so extended laterally or other-
wise as to conform to the local laws, customs, and rules
of miners, and enter such tract and receive a patent
therefor, &c.
Now, when a man takes a mining claim ac-
cording to the customs and law of the mining
district in which it is located, he is allowed by
this bill to file a plat and enter that claim in
the laud office. Suppose, however, he does
not choose to do it; whattlien? The preemp-
tion laws at this time require a man when he
preempts an agricultural claim to give notice
within a certain time that he claims it as the pre-
emptor, and within another given time he is to
pay for the claim to the Government ; but if
he omits to give the notice or make the pay-
ment as required by law, then his right to the
land ceases, and it is subject to sale by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. STEWART. I will tell 3ron exactly why
that was done in this bill. We required, in the
first place, that he should file his plat, giving
notice for ninety days, so as to allow no advan-
tage to be taken; and we thought wo would
leave it to another session before forcing him
to enter his claim. Whatever legislation may
be neceessary to limit the time within which,
after they locate, they must enter their claims,
is a subsequent consideration. It would not
be well to fix any time. now. But this bill is
so guarded that the party must file his plat,
give notice, that notice must be published for
ninety days, and then there must be a survey
by the surveyor general; and if, after that,
there is no opposing claim, he is to receive the
patent. If there is an opposing claim, the ques-
tion goes back into the courts. The reason for
not going any further than that was that we did
not propose to force these people to lose their
mines or come in before they could get to
understand the operation of this law. It simply
allows them to purchase; and next year, if
the system works well, wo can fix a time within
which they must file their claims; but there is
nothing compulsory about it now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The statement of the
Senator satisfies me that I am right in my
opposition to _ the bill, for he acknowledges
that the bill is imperfect and contemplates
future legislation. I say to the Senator now,
that if this bill should pass, it simply opens the
door to all sorts of legislation injurious to the
miner. If this legislation would stop with the
enactment of this law, then, perhaps, my ob-
jections would not be so well founded as I
think they are : but this is simply a stepping-
stone, or an initiatory step, as I understand it.
I do not suppose that is the intention of those
who bring forward the bill, but it is necessa-
rily a stepping-stone to other and further legis-
lation. My judgment is, that when Congress
undertakes to legislate generally for the mines
of this country it will do to those mines an
irreparable injury. Congress, when it once
commences, will be compelled to tinker with
its legislation from time to time until the whole
system of mining regulations which has grown
up from time and experience, and which is now
well adapted to the wants and interests of the
miners, will be thrown into inextricable con-
fusion and made the means of endless contro-
versy and litigation.
Now, sir, I suggest that this bill provides
that a man who takes a mining claim may en-
ter it, or he may nofe Suppose A takes a min-
