1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marc1! 10.
Bat above all, for shame, if not for honesty,
renounce a name which implies a falsehood.
''Doff that lion's hide and hang a calf's skin"
—you know the rest. And allow mo to suggest
that in this contest before the people it will be
well to accompany assertion with some show of"
proof. Rely not alone upon the mere form of
speech so common upon the lips of the faith-
ful, "thatthe President's plan of reconstruc-
tion is a failure.'' The popular voice is becom-
ing clamorous for the evidence.- Is it a failure
because military resistance to the Government
has entirely ceased? Is it a failure because the
people of every southern State, in solemn con-
vention assembled, have declared their ordi-
nances of secession utterly null and void, and
that the semblance of civil governments, in-
dependent of and hostile to the Union, are
wholly dissolved and abandoned? Is it a fail-
sire because the civil government of each State
lias been reorganized upon principles in sub-
ordination to the Constitution and laws of the
United Slates? Is it a failure because every
suggestion of the President, as a preliminary to
reconstruction, the abolition ot slavery, the
amendment of the Constitution, placing that
question for the future outside the action of the
States, the repudiation of the rebel debt, haveall
been adopted without reserve or qualification?
Is it a failure because the southern people pro-
fess entire .submission and fealty to the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States and their
acts correspond with their words?
JJut, says the gentleman from Connecticut,
wo must have guarantees for the future. If this
were not one of the patent subterfuges resorted
to in order lo conceal the ulterior designs of the
party, 1 should say (hat this precaution exhibits
less of the statesman than the lawyer, whose
training and education utterly disqualify him
to comprehend any other arrangement of an
apprehended assault than by bonds to keep the
peace. What, oilier, I ask, if any, guaranlee is
needed than the tenible experience of the last-
four years? This voluntarily acted upon, far bet-
ter than any galling ainTeonsltuilly irritating act
of abject submission, will prove lo us a perfect
immunity from the dangers of civil war for the
"next century at least, lint, say gentlemen, and
with the genuine puritanical twang, they must
show forth fruits meet tor repentance. 1 do not
know what precise meaning gentlemen attach
to this form of speech, or what particular act of
humiliation is required by it from the South.
Do gentlemen know themselves? But this idea,
at all events, may be drawn from it, that it is
the purpose of the parly lo clot he the condi-
tions of reconstruction in terms so oracular that
compliance may be deemed impossible so long
us party interests demand their exclusion.
It is of the same character with other objec-
tions as this. We have no evidence that the
wpiritofthe rebellion is broken. They merely
swept the situation. What more do gentlemen
ask? Ought they not to accept it? Yes, they
do aecrpt the situation, and when all their acts
and words testify to the fact, it is an unfriendly
suk-rprelalion of their thoughts which is to be
used against them.
This is the genuine spirit of a proscriptivc
and persecuting fanaticism. Thai spirit, when-
ever or by whomsoever entertained, acknowl-
edges no rights and suggests no other ideas of
human liberty than the right and liberty to
think as they do. The same spirit prevailing
extensively at the North, and cooperating with
alike spirit at the South, operating in the same
direction with opposite motives, brought upon
us the late war, with all its waste of blood and
treasure and mountain of debt: a spirit strug-
gling even now with convulsive efforts to shape
the future policy of the country, and against
the dangerous tendencies of which 1 desire, by
going somewhat into its past history, to raise
a warning voice.
Sir, the institution of slavery was made the
pretext, but was not the eause of the war.
Indeed, when the annals of the late contest
come to he written up the future historian
will be^ not. a little puzzled, in seeking for its
eauses it) existing circumstances, to find liter-
ally none, nothing underlying the social struct-
ure, nothing in its practical working. The
irrepressible conflict had no existence even in
the brain of him who first gave the thought
utterance; no rival interests springing from
the competing productions of the two systems
of labor. There could never be any competi-
tion in the productive industry of the two sec-
tions, for the reason that the avails of the labor
of each could by no possibility be profitably
produced by the other. The alarm sought to be
created at the North as to the successl'ul com-
petition of slave labor had never any founda-
tion iu fact. The avails of slave labor, with
the single exception of cotton, always cost more
than an equal amount produced by free white
labor. All that was profitable in the slave labor
of the South could not be produced at all at the
North, so that competition was out of the ques-
tion. But more, the two systems worked to-
gether in admirable harmony for the greatest
good of both. The cotton raised at the South
was manufactured at the North and returned
in the manufactured state for consumption,
thus each furnishing the other the best possible
market for the products of its labor. As, then,
there was not and could never bo any conflict
in the material interests of the sections, the
historian will seek the causes of the war in
influences operating outside of mere business
relations, in a restless impatience of servitude
on the one hand prompting insurrectionary
movements, and an active sympathy on behalf
of an oppressed and suffering people on the
other; but here, too, his researches will be at
fault.
For the events of this war have proved this
one fact, if no other, that all our hopes of suc-
cess based upon the active cooperation of the
enslaved race, in an earnest effort for liberty,
were entirely delusive. I am aware that it is
much the fashion in this House to eulogize
their loyalty and patriotic services in the late
war. Gentlemen say they furnished some two
hundred thousand recruits for our Army. Fur-
nished! Who furnished? Not the negro. lam
yet to be told of the first instance of a black man
joining the Armyvoluntarilyand withoutother
inducement, than the hope of aiding the eman-
cipation of his people or loyalty to the Union.
No, sir; it was the enormous bounties offered
at the North, the capital of Now England, that
bought them up and placed them in the Army
to save their own sons from the conscription.
The negro, as a race, has no aspirations for
freedom, except it be the freedom from labor
necessary for his daily subsistence, lie vastly
prefers the luxury of a warm climate, a com-
fortable cabin, an indolent life, freedom from
care, and dependence upon a master to any
problematical benefits proffeied by the ques-
tionable philanthropy of the North.
Sir, I wish it not understood from this view
of the subject that I have, looking to the fu-
ture of the country, any objections to the abo-
lition of slavery. I discuss merely its probable
influences upon the race.
la the darkest period of the war I always
entertained and professed an abiding faith in the
maintenance of the Union, yet never doubted
that the first cannon shot boomed out the death-
knell of slavery. And while I now profess a
belief that emancipation will in time result in
great good lo the white race and to the States
as political communities, yet I have an equally
strong conviction that the act dooms the black
race to a lingering atrophy, to end in their ulti-
mate extinguishment. So much for the officious
bcneficence of the fanatical reformer. He forccs
his universal panacea upon a reluctant subject;
it proves a deadly poison, and the victim of a
morbid philanthropy lingers and dies. The
mere abrasion of the races, with interests, fan-
cied or real, conflicting from changed relations,
will from necessity wear out the inferior race,
and human wisdom will be found wholly inade-
quate to apply the remedy. Conferring polit-
ical privileges, as the right of suffrage, will not
do it; it will have no tendency to make the black
man industrious and provident, but by making
him an object of occasional interest at local
elefttions, will rather tend to unsettle any habits
of industry already formed.' A grand system
of pauperism contemplated by the Freedmea's
Bureau, with its thousands of Government
agents, will be found insufficient^ No pauper
system ever tended to the elevation of a race
of people; besides, it is inconsistent with our
institutions, which presuppose that all inter-
ests, corporations, and classes are self-sustain-
ing. Soon, if not already, the black man will
cease to be an available instrument in the strife
of parties; and then, though humanity may
stand appalled at the frightful waste of human
life from disease, neglect, starvation, and crime,
the enlightened reformer, who is seldom troubled
with any exalted notions or feelings ot practical
benevolenec, though he could move the powers
of heaven and earth, not to mention the other
place, to confer an unsolicited immunity, will
stand by quite indifferent to his fate. Alas, the
poor negro I Death is the common lot; and
if this were all, humanity might draw to itself
some consolation in contemplation of the ex-
tinction of a race of people. But oh I the heart
grows weary and very sad in the effort to meas-
ure the amount of human wretchedness which
must herald in this final consummation.
The next census will no doubt furnish some
fearful evidence as to the rapid progress of an-
nihilation, and perhaps open the eyes of a
mistaken, not to say insincere, philanthropy,
to the terrible boon we have bestowed upon
him. But to pursue the argument in the view
I have taken, the war may be said to be entirely
without cause at the North, as it certainly was
without justification at the South. But the in-
fluences which, acting without apparent cause,
led to the war, lie upon the surface. The ex
istence of slavery gave rise lo the only ques-
tion which could by possibility dis'ido the Union
on geographical lines, and shrewd politicians
could not fail to discover that the North, hav-
ing a numerical preponderance in the Electoral
College, a party formed upon this issue alone,
if successful in arousing a sectional feeling of
hostility to the South, could not fail to achieve
a political victory. The nucleus of such a
party had long existed in a radical element at
the North, which, from its intolerant, nature,
is inconsistent with and oven dangerous to re-
publican institutions, yet never fails to furnish
the unprincipled partisan with a powerful and
unscrupulous auxiliary.
The true type of New England fanaticism is
to be found in all the States, but mostabounds
in New England, especially in Massachusetts
and Vermont. '' He is well described as neces-
sarily a narrow man." I make this definition
of a fanatic here because I believe it repre-
sents a spirit that is now dominant in the coun-
cils of the nation. "He is possessed of his one
idea, and he sees nothing else. This he pushes to
the last resort. His mind feeds upon an abstrac-
tion, to which he endeavors to mold the na-
ture and constitution of things about him. They
are divergent from his purpose, and formed ana
regulated with reference to other considerations
than his solo idea. They are unyielding, there-
fore, and his labor upon them is useless or
mischievous, according to his power. The fa-
natic is also a bad man in effect, if not in inten-
tion. Fanaticism often, though not always,
assumes the guise of benevolence. A good
man is really benevolent and charitable to the
errors, the vices, the sins of the human race.
He does not confine his sympathy to a class or
a section. A fanatic is always uncharitable,
lie is bitter against such as do not coincide in
his views or favor his cause. He takes into no
consideration the differences in the structure
and capacity of the human mind ; its different
education, habits, and aptitudes, the grand sum
which makes up the varying characters and dis-
positions of men. He is not content with hold-
ing his own opinions to himself, but compasses
earth and sea to make one proselyte. He is an
intemperate total abstinence man; an over-
bearing advocate of universal emancipation ;
a violent non-resistant; a furious friend of
peace; a malignant philanthropist. Formerly
he burned heretics, and now, if he had the
