1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2273
Mr. HENDERSON. That docs not_ apply
to the spans of the bridge. A span of three
huudred feet can be built on the Mississippi
just as well as on the Ohio. There may be
some difficulty about, getting the elevation, but
that hag nothing to do with the span the Sen-
ator will see. I want to put these spans, if they
are built, in this way, three hundred feet instead
of two hundred and fifty.
I suggestfurther that it ought also be amended
SO as to have the main span of the bridge, if
they are built of continuous spans, immediately
over the Best or main channel of the river.
There is no requirement of that particular in
the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that
at all. I cannot conceive what motive the com-
pany would have to build the main passage-
way over an}'other than the main channel.
fir. HENDERSON. I presume so; but why
does the Senator require it in the draw-bridges
and not in continuous-span bridges?
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that
amendment-
Mr. HENDERSON. My amendment goes on:
The main span of such bridge shall bo made to
cover tho main channel of said river, and sha.lt be
three hundred feet in length, and the next adjoining
span not less than two liuiidt eu and iwcnry foot; and
the piors of said bridge shall bo parallel with Hie
currant of the river.
, I should like, also, to have a provision of
this character:
No span of any such bridge beneath which water
flows at low-water mark shall be less than ouo hun-
dred and seventy-live feet in length.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the amendment
proposed? Where does it come in?
Mr. HENDERSON. ]t is where the com-
mittee amend the bill, beginning at line seven-
teen of section two:
■ Provided, That if any bridge built under the pro-
visions of this act shall be con^truc ted with continuous
and unbroken spans, it shall not be less than fifty
feet above tho high-water'mark as understood at the
pointof its erection, measurnigt'orsuch clovation from
the surface of the water at such high stage to the
bottom chord of tho bridge.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. That is precisely what
it is now except in different words.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to amend it;
I prefer the different words:
The main span of such bridge shall be made to
cover the main channel of said river.
There is no snch provision in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection
to that.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I provide that
no main spans shall be less than three hundred
feet in length, and also to shorten the next
adjoining spans so as to be not less than two
hundred and twenty feet in length, " and the
piers of said bridge shall be parallel to the cur-
rent of river." I think the wording of it is
much better and it contains an important pro-
vision which is left out of the bill as it stands.
Mr. RAMSEY. You are reducing the length
of the spans from two hundred and fifty to two
hundred and twenty feet.
Mr. HENDERSON. There certainly can
be no objection to that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to the
enlargement of the main span to three hundred
feet, but I object to the reduction of the other
spans from two hundred and fifty to two hun-
dred and twenty feet.
Mr. HENDERSON. I only ask that the one
over the main channel shall be three huudred
feet; two hundred and twenty feet is enough
for the adjoining span. I do not care for a
lai-ger one if you have a three hundred feet span
over the main channel of the river; but the
Senator may put it at two hundred and fifty
feet if he will. I did not know the Senator
would be willing to agree to that; but if he is,
I am perfectly willing that all the spans shall
be two hundred and fifty feet except the main
span, and let that be three hundred feet. That,
will cover any water running at low-water mark
■wherever the water runs at low-water mark.
Mr. RAMSEY. While I agree to accept the
provision requiring the main span to be three
tondred feet, I objecWo the deduction of the
39th Cong. 1st Sess.— No. 143.
others from two hundred and fifty to two hun-
dred and twenty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Missouri
will allow me to make a suggestion. He has
copied out of a statute passed some time ago a
little different phraseology from that employed
in this bill. I really do not think it is any better
than that in the bill which the Senator from
Minnesota has reported, and which provides
''that if the said bridge shall be made with
unbroken or continuous spans"—the Senator
proposes to amend by changing the order of the
words "unbroken" and "continuous," so as
to read " that if tho said bridge shall be made
with continuous and unbroken spans." I do
not think there is much importance, in an
amendmentof that kind, which adjective comes
first. The only point of his amendment, as it
seems to me, is that the wide span shall be over
tho center of the stream, and to that I under-
stand the Senator from Minnesota has no objec-
tion ; I certainly have none. If the Senator
from Missouri will just put his amendment into
form, I think we can agree upon it.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is in form now:
That if any bridgo built under the provisions of
this act shall bo constructed with continuous .and
unbroken spans—
Certainly that cannot, be different from "un-
broken and continuous."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know; but there is
no importance in amending the bill to change
tho order of those words.
Mr. HENDERSON. It was a mere over-
sight of mine if I have changed the order in
which they come:
It shall not be lo«s than fifty feet above high-water
mark as undei stood at the point of its erection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here it is "as under-
stood at tho point of location." There is no
importance in that change of language.
Mr. HENDERSON., I suppose not; but
my amendment goes on, "measuring for such
elevation trom the surface of the water at such
high stage to the bottom chord of the bridge."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here it is "to the bot-
tom chord of tho bridge."
Mr. HENDERSON. My amendment goes
on, "and the main span of such bridge shall
be made to cover the main channel of the
river."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the.new matter
you propose to put in.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is there any objection
to the three hundred feet span?
Mr. KIRK WOOD. That is assented to, I
understand.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose that is not
a matter of very great consequence, because,
of course, all these bridges will now be built
with a pivot pier. I suppose no company will
build a bridge of this character when they can
build one much cheaper with a pivot pier and
draw. At any rate I will olfer my amendment.
I move to strike out all the words between
"provided," in the seventeenth lino, and
"river," in the twenty-fourth line, and in lieu
of those words to insert:
That if any bridge built under the provisions of
this act shall be constructed with continuous and
unbroken spans, it>shail not be less than fifty feet
above high water-mark a? understood at the point
of its erection, measuringior such elevation from the
surface of the water at snch high stage to the bottom
chord of the bridge. Tho main span of such bridge
shall be made to cover the main channel oftherivcr,
and such span shall not be less than three hundred
feet in length, with also one of the next adjoining
spans ot not less than two hundred and fifty tcet in
length; and the piers of such bridgeshall be parallel
wnh the current of the river.
The question being put, it was declared that
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I call for the yeas and
nays. I thought the amendment was under-
stood to be agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Henderson, How-
ard, Lane of Indiana, Saulsbury, and Sherman—7.
NAYS—ilessis. Chandler, Clark, Conneis, Boolittle,
Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Johnson, Kirk-
wood. Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Nye. Ramsey. Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wilson,
and Yates—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cowan, Cra-
erin, Crepwcll, Dixon, Edmunds, Ilarris, Hendricks,
Howe, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Poland,
Poineroy, Riddle, Spraguo, Stewart, Williams, and
Wright—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
second section, by. inserting after the word
"river," inline twenty-four, the words "and
the main span shall be over the main channel
of the river." There is no requirement in the
bill now that the main span of the bridge shall
be built over the channel or anywhere near the
channel. I hope the Senate will permit this
amendment to bo made.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 have no objection to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 thought perhaps
there might bo objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. At the same point, if the
gentleman wishes to enlarge the main span to
three hundred feet, he can propose it, and
there will be no objection.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is what I desired
to accomplish, but the Senate just voted it
down.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not that alone. The Sen-
tor incumbered that provision with a great
deal of other matter which we did not want to
adopt.
Mr. HENDERSON. There were but two
points in my amendment which has just been
voted down.
Mr. RAMSEY. The great objection to that
amendment, was, that it did not elevate the
bridge sufficiently. It left out this provision
of tho section as it stands:
It shall not bo of less elevation in any ease than
fifty i'eet above extremo high-water mark.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is just what my
amendment was: but I cannot go into a dis-
cussion of it with the Senator. I really want
the best bridge I can get, and I will put the
main span at three hundred fc.ct. The amend-
ment I move, therefore, is to insert after the
word "river," in the twenty-fourth line of the
second section, the words " and the main span
shall be over the main channel of tho river,
and shall be not less than three hundred feet
in length."
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I call the Senator's
attention to the word " Hearing," in the thirty-
fourth line of the second section. It seems
to me that it was certainly intended to be
"measuring."
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
clerical error which has been corrected, as the
Chair is advised.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now offer the fol-
lowing amendment'as an additional section:
And be it further enactcd, That any bridge or bridges
erected under and according to the provisions of this
act shall be lawful structures, and shall be recognized
and known as post routes, upon which also no higher
charge shall bo made for the transportation of the
mails or tioops and munitions of war of the United
States than tho rate per mile which tho company or
companies owning tho railroads on each side of the
river, and using said bridge, charge for the same
service; and the officers and crows ot all vessels,
boats, and rafts navigating said river arc required
to regulate the width and the height of the saaie so
as not, to interfere with the erection or use of any
bridge erected under the provisions of this act.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. Is that in lieu of section
three ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
understand the amendment. Is it proposed to
strike out section three?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; I have not
made any such motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a part of this
section alreadv in the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. But there is. some
other matter in this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would be very incon-
gruous to repeat over again provisions already
contained in the bill. A portion of this amend-
ment is precisely what the third section is.
Mr. HENDERSON. That provision, I
thought, could be stricken out afterward. I
am not particular, however, aboutthe amend-
ment. If the Senator from Illinois objects to
it, of course it will be voted down.
