I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1313
power, jtwould find some Procrustean means
to reduce all opinions to (ho level of his own
standard. As ne cannot do this, lie rails at other
men and devotes Ins energies to the overt hi ow of
the institutions of his country and to undermine
the religions faith of the people. He is a brutal
soldier, a bigoted priest, an unjust judge, a dis-
honest politician, a seditious citizen ; never to
be trusted many capacity, for he, of all others,
deems that the end justifies the means. Such
is the fanatic ; and he is only mischievous, and
that continually. He stands in antagonism,
therefore, to the humane warrior, the gospel
minister, tlxe upright judge, tlie patriotic states-
mail, the piivate man v.ho generally loves his
country and seeks its honor and its welfare.
It is upon moral grounds, in opposition to him,
that some men are conservative instead of
radical, and work for the common weal, not
ignoruntly and willfully for the public mischief.
The difference lies as deep as the fundamental
principles which eternally separate good from
evil."
For want of some more vulnerable object
upon which to expend its force, this element
in northern society made ihe existence of sla-
very at the South the subject of its special ab-
horrence. and openly sought and advocated the
dissolution of the Union by way of sundering
a!) connection with slaveholders. Thin doctrine
was for many years industriously promulgated
from the platform and taught in (he schools.
The clergy, who, as a class, from their habits,
education, and reading, are least of all qualified
to advise in matters of civil government, were
deeply imbued with this heresy, and lost no
opportunity of infusing into the public mind its
pernicious principles. As the party gathered
strength, it drew to its support radicalism in
every form. Reformers of every shade and
description, every one who waged v,ar with
society as at present constituted, free lovers
and free thinkers, vagabond lecturers of both
sexes, strong-minded women and weak-minded
men, communism, h'ourierism, and intidebty,
in short, every manwithanism, andwomanwitli
a mission. all that class of uneasy spirits wdiose
concert in action would alone be likely to
inspire distrust in the mind of every cool,
right-thinking man, constituted, nevertheless,
the framework of a very formidable party. The
mere politician saw his opportunity and made
the most of it. At an early day lie commenced
miuisiering 1 o its tastes and fostering its growth,
passing unconstitutional personal liberty lulls,
and poisoning the public mind with utterly
unfounded ideas of conflicting interests, at the
same time firing the heart of a radical party at
the South, equally prompt and ready to assume
the final conditions of this rapidly growing hos-
tility, a dissolution of the Union, and, if need
be, the arbitrament of arms. The rest has
already become history. We have had the war,
and secession has triumphed, not in tlie in-
terest of shivery, but in the interest of fanati-
cism. The war tor the Union, which suppressed
the rebellion, has now 10 be fought over by (he
people, bloodless, T hope. but. with none the
ies - earnestness and dc\ otiou. The leaders did
probably not foresee the results in all its conse-
quences, bat in aimine" at a party triumph by
these unhallowed means they conjured up a
devil that would not down at their bidding.
Sir, it is by the dexterous manipulation of
like agencies that the party in power seek, even
now, to establish as the policy of the Govern-
ment their original design, the, dissolution of
the Union. It b quite useless, this attempted
disguise 5 the facts s!and out in bold rebel,
notwithstanding the labored^efforts of gentle-
men to mv.stii'y and cover it up. Vi ay this
effort to prove", bv reference to Grotius, Vat-
tcl, Pufiendorf, and 1 know not wdiat an ay of
antiquated ututioniies, that the South by the
war have forfeited all political rights? Why,
ifi he battle-crv of the Union, which gave to (he
party its victories; which sustained the hopes
of the people through all the \jcissiludes of this
terrible war ; whieh eheered oil me army of the
Potomac iu its bloody track trom tne itapiuan
Crew. 1st Ri-kv -No. 83.
to the James, and stimulated and sustained the
army of Sherman in its wondrous inarch, was
not a fiction ; why, if the very name assumed
is not a delusion and a sham, why these end-
less speeches to prove that the southern States
are out of the Union'/
Why this array of resolutions to amend the
Constitution except, by their failure to pass
both Houses by the requisite majority, or their
known rejection by the States, to furnish the
excuse for the continued exclusion of the South
from representation on this floor ?
By the way, (his species of legislation seems
thus far to have engrossed almost the entire
time and attention of the House. Gentlemen,
in their eagerness to centralize and grasp the
powers of the Government, seem disposed to
treat the Constitution with as little reverence
as the resolves of a town mooting. We have, f
am told, some twenty propositions to amend
the Constitution, and an equal number of bills
to secure the rights of the negro race and to
make them provident, wi -e. and intelligent, fit
to cxercwe the right of suffrage by act of Con-
gress. Why is it (hat these exclusive friends
of humanity, black humanity, see no occasion
for placing additional safeguards round the
liberties of the while man ? I have waited iu
vain, among all the numerous resolutions of
amendment, for somepropositionmore clearly
defining the right of Congress to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus, when in case of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it,
beyond the lines of actual military operations,
or in placcs or States where the civil jurisdic-
tion are discharging all their functions without
let or hinderance. dust recoveiing, as we are,
from a reign of teiror, iu which we had seen
the civil powei completely subordinated to
the militaiy, (lie lights of (he citizen wholly
disregai ded, arre.-tod by telegraphic dispatch,
imprisoned wiihout cause assigned, and dis-
charged, without trial after months of imprison-
ment. are no measures needed to silence that
little bell for all future time? This time, of all
others, seems to me most proper for providing
the necessary securities for the liberties of the
white man.
In my judgment, that member, whose lease
of office will he longer than mine, for T have
no hope of speedy action on the proposition—
the black man must first be attended to—who
would in the language of Benton, in regard to
the expunging resolutions, " solitary and alone
introduce ail amendment lor (hat purpose and
press it from session to session until a return-
ing sense of duty to the white race should end
in its adoption by Congress and the States,
would surround his memory with immortal
honor. But, in this fratricidal policy to which
the party is so blindly committed, I warn gen-
tlemen they will tail. The purpose is as crim-
inal as the southern rebellion, and wiil he
equally uiisucocosfnl. No matter how formi-
dable the array of authorities by w hieh y-u seek
to sustain your position, 1 care not if every
writer upon international law that can bo raked
up from (he mo :y records ot the past, may 1)0
cited to make the right of exclusion impreg-
nable. The people, in every dollar contributed
to the prosecution of this war, iu every soil
sacrificed upon the altar of the* Union, eveiy j
tear shed, every drop of blood spilled, every !
groan of anguish uucrod. have declared that it j
shalinot be (he fact. A people who have ,-honii j
themselves ca]iable of enduring all the euiami- j
ties of a war unparalleled m history iu support
of one fixed idea, the Union, will scatter to
the winds, alike (he dicta of schoolmen and the
sophistries of politicians.
I tell you that culside the agencies to which
I have referred riiRt U"K* b~ni.<.udiutG Qcpr-nflciiL'-i
upon the patronage of power, yoa cannot inns- j
ter a corporal's guard that is not commuted
heart and soul to the reconstruction policy
of the President. Go on, then, you have, the
power; exclude the southern Slate?, agitato for
the negro, make connti y subordiuai e to party,
set aside tho mighty inicrest: dependent upon
i and resulting from a united countiy, and shove
all, outrage tliat feeling which of all others has
for the last four years of gloom and despond-
ency warmed every patriot heart, and see what
will come of it.
Sir, 1 have spoken upon these subjects a? if
the forum was already changed and the contest
transferred to the people. 1 believe it to be so.
I have no hope that any progress will be made
in healing up the wounds of tho country by this
Congress, and in my judgment the sooner it
dissolves and returns to the constituencies tho
better for the country. I have no ambition to
connect my name with a session which may
draw upon this House the odious epithet his-
torical in connoctiou with the famous Barebonoa
Parliament of England.
But, sir, I wish to say iu conclusion that the
issue before the people must he met without
evasion. It is simply union or disunion. Mere
vituperation or epithets applied to individuals
or a party—so successful upon many an occa-
sion past—will not, in this contest, satisfy the
people. The term copperhead, so courteously
used by gentlemen on the other side, is some-
what stale, but upon the whole has improved.
The people seeing those to whom tho epithet is
applied most earnest in every patriotie effort to
restore the Union, and they who apply the, term
most freely plotting for its dissolution, begin to
suspect that there is some mistake in the appli-
cation of the term or some misapprehension as
to its meaning. Besides, it is much in the con-
dition of Ihe powder that has been once used;
and further, though bandying epithets is not
a democratic folly, it may provoke retorts. I
commend gentlemen to a prudent hasharidry
of their ammunition. But, sir, I intended more
particularly to speak of the recent manifesta-
tions as to the chnraeier of (he warfare whieh
it is designed to wage, indicated by the per-
sonal abuse anil vile epithets heaped upon the
President and spread abroad by miscreant let-
ter-wi iters throughout the land. Ve can easily
understand that the defection of the President
may have exasperated the chief conspirators
beyond measure. It surrounds the plot for the
dissolution of the Union with new and quite
unexpected difficulties not only, but may render
its execution exceedingly hazardous. This feel-
ing finds vent in personal abuse and defamation,
grateful to the malignant passions thus excited,
and at the same time subservient to party pur-
poses.
The people who have noticed the tone and
language of his fiequent replies lo the numer-
ous delegations, representing various localities
and interests, that have addressed him since
his inauguration; who havcread with unalloyed
delight bis first message to Congress, a slate
paper received with more demonstrations of
unqualified approval, not only in this country
but in Europe, than any paper of like character
from any former Kxeculive ; also the coed, dis-
passionate, and ably ran oued veto message,
know (hat he is not the drunkeu debauchee
which his quondam 1'iiends now represent him
to be. And even the speech of tho 22d Feb-
ruary, so fiercely criticised, though somewhat
bioken by the vociferations of the crowd, still
bears the highest evidence to his perfect men-
tal soundness. The people, less sensitive upon
the subject of personal dignity, would not wish
a sentence changed. They cannot afford to
lose the slightest thought embodied iu that
speech, not a w ord but that goes straight to tho
American heart. I am not cognizant oi any
alliance between the Democratic party and tho
President. Wc uphold tho 1'lxecutive so Jong
as he represents our principles and faith. He
may to-morrow, for aught 1 know, disappoint
all our hopes and expectations. But it
nevertheless, a duty we owe to truth and lair
and upright dealing; we, who see him from
day lo dav, look upon his ealni,_ thotiguUn!
biow, and"li-ten to his utterances fraught with
tho protbundest political wisdom, it is our
duty, from which we are not absolved by any
chances of political alienation, to testify to (jie
country (hat the base and malignant siamb r
has not the slightest found.dion in f id
