2 m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
vobs movements, 'which, though it were better
not to have been made, to reverse it is impracti-
cable, or if practicable, the reversal would pro-
duce still more of mischief than good.
Mr.' President, our country has just passed
through a great revolution; four million negro
slaves have been made free, and to cffcct it the
Constitution and laws of theUnited States, and
of all the slave States, were, for the time and
the occasion, subverted. The insurgent States
have submitted to the fortune of war, and have
abolished slavery by provisions in their respect-
ive constitutions, and have adopted the amend-
ment of the Federal Constitution by which it is
forever prohibited in the United States. These
were conditions imposed by the conquerors, and
they were accepted, because of subjugation and
the dread of a grinding and indefinite military
despotism. The submission has been univer-
sal, complete ; for the numbers resisting none
was ever more so or in better faith. Irrespect-
ive of constitutional injunctions and obliga-
tions, magnanimity to the South would now be
the truest policy of the nation. But there is
an extreme faction which arrogates the largest
share of the merit of this great triumph, as it
is certainly chiefly responsible for the many
enormous infractions of the Constitution and
liberties of the people of the United States at-
tending the suppression of the rebellion. _ That
faction, astonished, bewildered, and intoxicated
by the greatness of the revolution that has been
effected, is now striking for another much more
bold and atrocious.
More than thirty years ago there were two
systems of policy propounded to the people ofthe
United States that wore in some aspects antago-
nizing, and others friendly—one by Massachu-
setts and the oilier by South Carolina. The
first aimed at the destruction of negro slavery
throughout the slave States by appeals to public
opinion, and if it could not be effected, then the
dissolution of the D nion by the withdrawal of the
free States from it, and the organization of a
union of those States exclusively. The principle
of the other was for the slave States to secede
from the Union and to organize a confederation
in which all the States should be slaveholding.
Both systems were in derogation of the Consti-
tution, both treasonable and revolutionary, and
they both contemplated contingently a resort
to arms. Both actively sowed discontent with
the Union among the people, alike embarrassed
the Government, and desired public disturb-
ances and convulsion, hoping.that such a state
of affairs would forward their respective objects;
and to that extent, they were cooperating and
allies. South Carolina contemplated to essay
a peaceable secession; but if that was not con-
ceded to light for it. Massachusetts intended
to effect the overthrow of slavery by any prac-
ticable means, and to work for the adoption of
whatever would promise that result, without
any regard to its j uslicc or legality. The aban-
donment ofthe Union by the free States, al-
though she had determined upon that, was to
be her last card.
If the slave States could be involved iu war
with the General Government, and opportunity
could thus be made to crush them and their
slavery, that game she was determined should
first be played. South Carolina was the less
cool, more precipitate, and she played her game
rashly, and it has been lost by wager of battle.
Not that any principle of our Government ean
be lost or won by war or its issue. Secession
was no less unconstitutional and inoperative,
and it was no less the duty of the Government
to oppose and defeat it before the war than it
nowis. South Carolina and the southern States
have been vanquished and have submitted ; and
the decisiveness of the victory and the complete-
ness and rectitude of the submission equally
challenge the admiration of the world. To-day
South Carolinaeven, andallthe southern .States,
have a truer fidelity to the Constitution and the
Union, to the form and spirit of our blended
system of government, and the liberties of the
people, and would be incomparably more trust-
worthy as their defenders, than Massachusetts.
South Carolina was once, and for a long time,
true to our system ofgovcrnmentandallitsprm-
ciples; Massachusetts never. In 1787, when
the Constitution was being born into life, Mas-
sachusetts was in a state of insurrection against
the United States. In 1806 she factiously op-
posed the policy and measure of our Govern-
ment in the acquisition of Louisiana, because
that vast country, being formed into States,
would lessen her power and influence relatively
in the Government and Union. In 1809, when
our nation was young and feeble, and the Brit-
ish cruisers, under orders in council, were board-
ing our ships in every sea, tearing our flag from
the mast-head, and dragging our sailors from
their own decks to be impressed into the ser-
vice of our enemy, and our Government, to
avoid war, resorted to an embargo to constrain
England to desist from those wrongs, Massa-
chusetts condemned our own Government, de-
nounced the embargo as invalid and inoper-
ative, and disregarded it, continuing to trade
with the public enemy, preferring to accept the
outrage and degradation ofthe G overnment and
people of the United States to the loss of her
gainful traffic with England.
"These wrongs were persisted in and multi-
plied by England, and as the dernier redress our
Government declared war against her in 1 812.
That Massachusetts was then false and disloyal
to the United States; that she gave not only her
sympathy, but aid and comfort, to the enemy,
and committed the crime of treason against the
United States in many instances throughout the
war; and that she was bought to these crimes
by the gains of her traffic with that enemy, is
matter of public history.
"When Florida was acquired by treaty with
Spain, factitious and disloyal Massachusetts con-
demned the acquisition, and the Government
for negotiating the treaty, which her Legislature
solemnly resolved to bo without authority, and
that that territory was not thereby annexed to
the United States. On the admission of Texas
as a Slate the government of Massachusetts
passed resolutions declaring the measure to be
void, and she was not bound by it.
The constitutionality of the fugitive slave law
of 1850 was sustained by the Supreme Court of
the United States and all the Federal and State
courts before which the question was made;
notwithstanding, the Legislature of Massachu-
setts passed a law to nullify it: and her people
organized an armed rebellion to resist, and did
resist, its execution; and in making that resist-
ance, Batchelor, a United States marshal, who
was in the performance of his duty, was killed,
and this double crime of treason and murder is
yet unwhipped of justice.
The first annunciation of the ends of waging
the war for the suppression of the insurrection,
made by President Lincoln, and almost unani-
mously by the two Houses of Congress, was
strictly constitutional and proper. It was sim-
ply t.o coerce obcdicnce to the Constitution,
laws, and authority ofthe United States ; and
when that was effected the revolted States would
resume their position in the Union and the Gov-
ernment, and they and their people ivould have
all the rights ofthe other States and their peo-
ple. It was to compel obedience only, and there
was no po'ner in the Government to require or
to do anything beyond that. But, as the war
continued, the purposes of those who waged it
on behalf of tlio United States were enlarged,
and they transcended the limits of the Consti-
tution. It was assumed by them that slavery
was the cause of the war, and must therefore be
eradicated from the United States, as well to
prevent it from producing future wars ; and that
when slavery should be everywhere abolished,
and there was no longer a slave in the United
States, and all the rebels had submitted to the
Constitution and the laws, the war was then to
terminate and the States were all to resume
their respective positions in the Union and the
| Government. This was the second programme,
1 and it has been fully executed.
And now comes up Massachusetts and her
allies with a third programme, and what is it?
To confer on the negroes recently freed the right
of suffrage, and to introduce the miscegenation
of the races in the southern States. Let us ex-
amine both branches of this new enterprise. .
The freed negroes number about 4,000,000,
and the male adults between six and seven hun-
dred thousand, scattered over fifteen States.
Kentucky, with 250,000 slaves of all ages, has
about40,000 men over twenty-one years. In our
country, it has been the course of events for
political parties to rise and fall every few years.
The party in power have been guilty of flagrant
general administration, and consequently has
a large and fixed opposition to it in the adher-
ing States; and in those that revolted, the while
population are about unanimously its mortal
foes. It would not be long after the southern
States had resumed participation in the politics
and government of the country, that the domi-
nant party would have to surrender the seals of
office, unless they can make some great acces-
sion to their numbers. It is neck or nothing
with them, and what power is to save them?
It is the negro alone, buthe can serve and save
them only by voting for them. It was that party
which gave to the negro his freedom, and if he
is permitted to vote, to it be will also owe that
privilege. Massachusetts & Cf>. may count cer-
tainly upon being able to command the entire
negro vote—it will always and promptly obey
their behests.
For that power to be enthroned in Boston,
and by its imperial will to direct how more than
six hundred thousand negro votes, spread over
fifteen States, should be cast in every election,
is a great stake, for which a bold and desperate
game is being played ; and if won, it may save
the fate and fortunes of the daring political
gamblers who are playing it. "With the aid of
their negro allies, constituting more than half
of the whole vote of South Carolina and Lou-
isiana, nearly half oftliat, of several other States,
forty thousand in the State of Kentucky, and a
heavy proportion in the remainder of the late
slave States, and possessed of tlio Government,
and wielding its vast powers and patronage sin-
gly to their own ends, they would be omnip-
otent; and standing in the name and according
to its forms upon our subverted Constitution,
they would be the absolute masters of the
people.
But their aim is to embody the miscegenation
of the races in f he southern States as part of
their system. They have noted the permanent
national degeneracy and weakness produced in
other countries by this blighting curse, and they
contemplate similar results in the southern
States. "Without those results they know that
a regenerated South would soon break away
from the base thralldom with which they are
seeking to envelope her; but with miscegena-
tion and those results they might make the vas-
salage of the South to the North permanent.
By the census of I860 there were 4,127,093
negroes in the United States, of whom 22-3,929
were in the nineteen fiee States, and 1,201,104
in the fifteen slave States, being 20 to 1. The
negio revels in a warm climate, because to him
it is both salubrious and indolent, favoring long
life and large natural increase, requiring but
little clothing, and furnishing him much of his
food in spontaneous vegetables and fruits. Mas-
sachusetts & Co. know that he has invincible
aversion to the eold northern States ; and that
even freedom, and some social and political priv-
ileges which they held out to the slave negro
could not allure many of them to go there. They
know that so soon as the few negroes resident
in the northern States have the option the most
of them will fly back to the sunny South. White
labor is greatly the best for the border slave
States, and especially Kentucky, with her non-
pareil blue grass; economy and interest will
push the negro from those States and he will
go South, and the process will be expedited by
the vexations and injustice of the '' Freedmen's
Bureau." The cotton, rice, sugar, and coffee
plantations are the theater to which the negro
laborer has been allotted by nature ; everywhere
beside he will be met and: vanquished by his
white competitor, but there this meeting vv ill
never take place. From all these causes the
aggregation of the mass of the negroes of the
