4194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
act in like manner as ships or vessels may he prose-
cuted and condemned for any breach of the laws
made for the collection and protection of the rev-
enue.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son shall, "within the territory or jurisdiction of the
United States, increase or augment, or procure to be
increased or augmented, or shall knowingly be con-
cerned in increasing or augmenting the force of^ny
ship-of-war, or cruiser, or other armed vessel wMch,
at the time of her arrival within the United States,
was a ship-of-war, or cruiser, or armed vessel in the
service of any foreign prince, or State, or colony, dis-
trict, or people, or belonging to the subjects or citi-
zens of any such prince, or State, or of any colony,
district, or people, the same being at war with any
foreign prince or State, or of any colony, district, or
people with whom the United States are at peaee, by
adding to the number of guns of such vessels, or by
changing those on board of her for guns of a larger
caliber, or by the addition thereto of any equipment
solely applicable to war, or shall have on board any
person or persons who shall have been enlisted or
engaged to enlist or serve, or who shall be departing
from the jurisdiction of the United States with in-
tent to enlist or servo in contx*avention of tho pro-
visions of this act, every person so offending shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeauor, and shall upon
conviction thereof be punished by line and imprison-
ment, or eithcrof them, at thcdiscretion of the court
in which such offender shall be convicted.
Sec. 0. And bo d further enactcd, That the district
courts shall take cognizance ot complaints, by whom-
soever instituted, in cases of captures made within
the waters of tho United states, or within a marine
league of the coasts or shores thereof.
Sec, 7. And be it farther enacted, That in every caso
in which a vessel shall bo fitted out and armed; or
in which tho force of any vessel -of-wav, cruiser, or
other armed vessel shall bo increased or augmented;
and in every case of the capture of a ship or vessel
within tho jurisdiction or protection of tho United
States, ns before delined; and in every ease in which
any process issuing out of any court of the United
States shall bo disoboyed or resisted by any person
or person's having tho custody of any vessol-of-war,
cruiser, or other armed vessel of any foreign princo
or State, or of anycolony, iUm ri(,t, or people, or of
any subjects or oittzen* oi' any lbjcign piince, Slate,
or of any colony,di-irici, or jicop)«\in sinvt-ueli ease
it. shall bo lawful for tho Pi ibidem of the United
States, or such other ivlmju as he shall have em-
powered lorthat [turpo-o, !o employ such p it of the
land and naval bm-es of the Imited Slates, or of (ho
militia t hereof, lor tho purpo.*' of taking pObSesMUo
ot ;ind dct.umiitf any such whip ox ve^cl, with her
pnze or prize.', if nny, in order to tho execution of
tho prohibition and penalties of this act, and to tho
restoring tiio pri/.e or prizes in tho cases m which
restoration xhiill havo been adjudged.
Sec. 8. And be it Jurthcr cmu-tcd, That it shall bo
lawiul for tho President of the United States, orsueh
person an ho shall ompowoi l'ur that purpose, to em-
ploy such part of (he ijtnd and naval forooM of tho
United States, or of the militia thereof, as shall bo
iieeivsarv to eoinpcl any foreign ship or vessel to
dep:n t the United State* in nil eases in which by tho
laws ot nations, or tho treaties of the United States,
they ought not to remain within tho UnifedStates.
Ami Oc itfurritrrcwiPtrrf, That offenses made
punishable by tho provisions of this act. committed
by citizens ot I ho United States beyond tho jurisdic-
tion ot tiie United States, may bo prosecuted and tried
betoro any court having jurisdiction of tho otfunseg
prohibited by this act.
Sec. 10. be it further enacted, That nothing in
this Art shall bo so construed as to prohibit eitizens
oi the United States irom soiling vessels, ships, or
steamers built wilhin tho limits thereof, or materi-
als or munitions, the growth or product of tho same,
to inhabitants ot other countries or Governments not
at war with tho United Slates: Provided, That tho
operat ion ot thi** act shall bo suspendedwhonovcrthe
United htat<s ah;i/J be <Mrtragc<i in war.
ii ')"dbc it Jurthcr enacted, That nothing in
tho loreroiiig net shall bo confined to prevent the
prosecut ion or punishment of treason or any piracy
defined hy the laws ot the United States.
oK(\ lL\ And be it jurthcr enacted. That all noUand
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act arc hereby repealed.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the first
section by inserting after the word " fine," in
ihc tenth line, the words unot exceeding
$2,000,'' and afrerthe word "imprisonment,"
the woids not exceeding two years."
Mr, JENCKES. Tho uniform rule in tlie
statutes of the United States is $3,000 and three
years. _ There is a number of these statutes
punishing oifonses, and I hope the gentleman
will accept the amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I propose to change it in this
instance.
Mr. Ji',N CK l'.S. It would bo in conformity
to the statutes to make it read, "by fine not
exceeding $3,000 and imprisonment not ex-
ceeding three years, either or both, at tho dis-
cretion of the court."
Mr. BANKS. They are both included.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I also move to amend the
second section by inserting after the words "be
Qumsned by fine," the v/oi'lg " not exceeding
$1,000," and after the words "and imprison-
ment" the words "not exceeding two years."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I also move to amend the
third section by inserting after the words "and
shall upon conviction thereof be punished by
fine" the words "not exceeding $3,000," and
after the word "imprisonment," the words
"not exceeding three years."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I would suggest that this
third section be farther amended by adding to
the closing words of the section, namely, "shall
be forfeited," the words "to the United States
of America;" so that the forfeiture shall go
entirely to the Government.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I desire to call attention
to another amendment, which I think should
be made in the sixth section. That section
now reads:
That the district courts shall take cognizance of
complaints, by whomsoever instituted, in cases of
captures made within the waters of ihc United States,
or within a marine league of tho eoasts or shores
thereof.
I think it should be amended by inserting
after the word " complaints" the words "infor-
mations, indictments, or other proceedings."
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. And section ten, I think,
should be amended. That section now reads:
That nothing in this act shall bo so construed as to
prohibitcitizonsof thoUnited States from selling ves-
sels, ships, orsteamers built-within tbclimits thereof,
or materials or munitions the growth or product of
the same, to inhabitants of other countries or to (iov-
ernmeutsnot atwarwith the United States: Provided,
I 1 hat the operation ofthisnet shall besuspended when-
J ever tho United States shall be engaged in war.
I think the word "munitions" should be
stricken out and the word " articles" inserted.
Mr. BANKS. Insert the word "articles"
after tho word "materials."
Mr. J ENCKES. I will agree to that.
Tho -amendment was agreed to.
Sir. JENCKES. I think the proviso in this
section should be amended. 1 move to amend
the proviso so that it shall read:
That the operation of this scction of this act. may
be suspended by tho President of the United States
in resraid to all classes of purchases whenever the
United States shall bo engaged in war or whenever
tho continuance of friendly relations with any for-
eign nation may in his judgment require it.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I have an amendment to
suggest to section eleven, which now reads:
That nothing in the foregoing act shall bo con-
strued to prevent tho prosecution or punishment of
treason or any piracy defined by tlxe laws of tho
United States.
I move to insert after the word "piracy"
the words "or other felony." If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will look
iuto the Constitution of the United States he
will find that the power to pass this bill is de-
rived from the power given to Congress to
define and punish piracies and felonies on the
high seas. And felonies on the shores of the
high seas have been declared to be punishable.
Mr. BANKS. 1 will not object to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] to the twelfth section, which now reads:
That all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with
the provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
I would inquire of the gentleman if he re-
gards this section as sufficiently specific. There
may be provisions not inconsistent with this act
applying to other conditions of circumstances,
which ought also to be repealed. Ought there
not, to be a specific repeal of the present exist-
ing neutrality laws, naming them particularly'?
Mr. BA NKS. The committee had supposed
that this section was sufficiently specific. But
I will not object to any proposition the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Subenck] may submit.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think there should be a
specific repeal of all former neutrality laws.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be
done at this time, because there may be some
important provisions of the neutrality laws to
which the attention of the committee has no£
been called, and which may be very important
to the interests of the Government.
Mr. SCHENCK. Under the terms of this
act, all the provisions of our present neutral-
ity laws which are not inconsistent with this
act, but go beyond it, will stand.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, let them s*tand.
Mr. CONKLING. It strikes me that there
is something in the objection suggested by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck;] and
with the conscnt of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] twill move to amend
by inserting after the word "acts," in the
next to the'last line, the words " or inflicting
any further or other penalty or forfeiture than
hereinbefore provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I have no in-
tention to trespass on tho patience of the House
by a lengthy discussion of this bill, but I desire
to occupy a few minutes in explaining the modi-
fications of the neutrality act of 1318 recom-
mended by the Committee of Foreign Affairs.
I will not debate the origin of the statutes of
1794 and 1797, or those of 1817 and 1818; I
content myself with stating simply the modifi-
cations proposed. ^
The object of the committeelias been to scale
the neutrality act of 1818 to the standard of
the foreign enlistment act enacted by Great
Britain in 181'J. The provisions of the bill which
has been read are essentially the same as the
provisions enacted for the same purpose in the
foiuign-enlistnient act of Great Britain. With
the exception of the section giving to citizens
of the United States authority to sell vessels,
the materia] of which they are made, and mu-
nitions ot war to Governments or citizens of
Governments with whom the United States may
not be at war, there is nothingin this bill which
is not contained in that act, and there is no
provision in that act which is not substantially
embraced in this bill.
One of the^ proposed changes is the repeal
of that provision which prohibits the fitting
out vessels without the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States. That section of the act of 1818
makes the Government responsible for the
acts of those beyond its jurisdiction. This is
a responsibility which belongs to other Gov-
ernments; not to ours. The bill presented
provides, however, that if citizens who have
committed crimes beyond its jurisdiction shall
return to the United States they shall be pun-
ished. This corresponds with the prevision in
the English act. it provides also for the repeal
of the ninth section of the act of 1818, which
requires owners and consignees of armed ves-
sels departing from our shores to give bonds
for their good conduct, whether these vessels
are under the command and control of citizens
of the United States or of citizens of foreign
States, or within or beyond its jurisdiction. It
also repeals the very oppressive and onerous
provision of section eleven, which commands
collectors of customs to detain vessels when-
ever there shall be any cause to suspect, either
from the crow, cargo, "or other circum-
stances," that they were to be against other
Governments. In place of this the bill pro-
vides that collectors of tho customs shall have
power to_ prosecute _ any vessel for offenses
against this act, precisely as they have power
to prosecute under similar circumstances for
offenses against the laws for the protection and
collection of the revenue of the United States,
upon the effective execution of which the Gov-
ernment depends for its existence.
Ihe bill also repeals the provision giving
informers one half the fines and forfeitures
that may result from the execution of the law.
No such provision is contained in the English
act. The amendments proposed by the gentle-
man from Ehode Island [Mr. Jenckes] and
adopted by tho House provide that all the pro-
