1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Mr ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Speaker,
I am ill fitted to-day to speak, having a sore
throat which almost prevents my talking at all.
And I am unprepared, not knowing until this
tnoruing that the sun would ever rise'on the day
when I would have an opportunity to diser.ss
this subject. But now an opportunity offering'
for me to speak upon the important matters
pending before this Congress and the country,
I cannot allow it to pass without saying some-
thing ; and more especially do I desire so to do
because in some respects I differ from many
with whoitt I am affiliated here.
Wc have passed through a war in regard to
which it has been grandiloquently paid the world
never saw its equal. Certainly it is in many
respects the most important that the history of
this country records. To initiate a nation that is
to exist for a little time and then vanish like a
vision is an easy thing: but to place a nation
upon such foundation that it can stand the trial
of time and demonstrate its adaptability to the
wants of a community like ours, in a country
extending three thousand miles from ocean to
ocean, is a triumph. And such I believe to be
this nation and Government of ours.
But, sir, alter the clash of arms has passed
we must'not beguile ourselves with the belief
that everything is settled. There are insidious
movements made in time of peace which are
more dangerous than the al tempt* of men with
arms in their hands to strike down a Govern-
ment: because in the midst of war the feelings
of all men are aroused, and they have their
eves upon all the measures taken; while in
time of peace men are lullednnto security, and
plans (hat arc laid to overthrow or change the
Government are move likely to mala- progress.
Such was the origin of the late rebellion, which
assumed the gigantic proportions wo have seen
and grappled and crushed.
Now that, the war is over, we should be con-
scious of the immense responsibility resting
upon us in reinstating civil rule, and must look
to the consequences likely to follow. No man
need tell me that the American people will
maintain a system which regards one third of
the national territory as provincial. They will
insist that Congress shall come speedily up to
the work of bringing in the States lately in re-
bellion to an equality with the rest. And if we
fritter away pur time, if we go home at the end
ot this session without making some certain
and effective provision for bringing in those
States, if we differ among ourselves^and insist
upon a multitude of little matter:!, leaving the
great and essential points of reconstruction un-
determined, the time will eoinc. and speedily,
when till! reprexriilafh-os of those Stales lately
in leboliion wiil by some means secure their
entrance into these Malls. On, Constitution is
iuhle, it by law ;ind resolution we can indeti-
intely, and at on reap rice, post pone the day when
it shall have equal etleet, give uniform protec-
tion, and insure to each State the right of self-
government and the common and fundamental
privilege ot representation throughout .all parts
ol our country.
Now, sir, I "know that to be so. Gentlemen
may delude themselves with the idea that they
can carry these r-outhern Stales along in this
way by military power. So the\ can just now.
.But I tell yon that even those'men who have
been in tlie rank's ot the buiou Army during
the war will not always consent to b'e votin"
against the reconstruction of the Union unou
a ba.sis common N'ouh and South. And'for
that reason 1 de.-ire to .see some steps taken
immediately to detine the grounds we can safely
insist. upon as essential in reconstruction—a
basis plain, short, just, honorable, generous,
on which loyalty can rally, and to which only
captions doniagn^uc- can object.
I have been satislied for a long time that
many ol the men-sires proposed here cannot be
passed. \\ iiy i-: it that we have spent here day
alter day and week after week over a bVeed-
meu s Bureau bill ? It is because we believed
that something ought to be done to protect the
late staves. And practically we in this House
and in the other branch of Congress showed
our willingness to pass such a measure, pro-
vided it should only extend to the States which
had been in rebellion.
But when it is proposed to pass a law which
shall apply generally throughout the country,
to States that opposed the rebellion as well as
tlmse that supported it, you find that members
of our own party are not agreed upon such a
measure. We had a bill before us yesterday
and some days before for the protection of civil
rights—one that had passed the Senate—and
after an elaborate discussion here, that bill
could not marshal a majority in its favor. Was
it simply because it provided that no State
should have the right to pass laws discrim-
inating between its citizens ? That was simply
what we voted for in the Freedmen's Bureau
bill. But when that same principle was incor-
porated into a bill which would apply to our
own States as well as the States which were in
rebellion, then we are not willing the rule shall
be applied. And why is it that men of my own
party, from New York, Massachusetts, Chio,
and California vote in such manner as that?
Do wo occupy a position maintainable before
the people of this country when we are willing
to vote for a bill applicable to only the south-
ern States in a certain manner, but will not
vote that it shall apply to all the States?
Now, if this bill in relation to civil rights is
not proper or constitutional in all respects, then
most assuredly the President was right in veto-
ing the Freedmen's Bureau bill, because it im-
posed the same terms upon a certain number
o( the States. 1 do not believe we have aright
to specially legislate for some States in a man-
ner not constitutional and proper for all. If
we claim that the northern States ma}' make
class legislation, then the others have the same
right.
_ Sir, T am afraid wc have been squandering our
time away in these matters. We should look
only to the essential requisites upon which we
intend to insist. The Constitution of the United
States is an instrument that wo should not lightly
touch in the way of amendment. There should
be grave cause for amendment before we un-
dertake to change it. if such grave cause ex-
ists, then we should bo as willing to amend that
instrument as any other law. Several amend-
incuts^to the Constitution were adopted soon
after its formation; and it has lately been
amended so as to abolish slavery, that curse
which brought, on the war.
The next important change which I think
should be made is in regard to the basis of rep-
resentation in this ]louse, it should be made
in a liberal spirit, in such manner that the best
interests of the whole country will be main-
tained. ^Lct us not be influenced by men who
say, '"Wo admit, the propriety of (he change,
but insist that if shall be made in a certain man-
ner, so that our section of country shall not lose
by it in any way whatever." An amendment
has passed this House to put. into the Constitu-
tion ol the United States, not the direct author-
ity perhaps, but words by which you acknowl-
edge the authority of Stat cs to make discrim-
ination on account of race or color, in givin^
political rights and powers; an admission not
offensively made in the Constitution as it stands,
and a fact which, though true, it is in bad taste
ami policy to flaunt, to the world in the Consti-
tution ol our Republic. 1 know that many men
m this House voted for that amendment, while
they execrated the policy and management
which drove them to it. They desired to avoid. ,
occupying such ^position; but they wore driven !
to it because of the sectional argument and !
power used here against aeertain other proposi- !
tion based on the eternal principles of justice
and of right views of representation, on the :
pretext that it Would lesson the relative power i
of certain States which happen to be located ;
in glorious old New England. Now that South 1
Caroima has lost her scepter, is the mantle of '
sanctity to fall around the pretogatives of two !
or^ three little States in the North? I
That other proposition was that representa- j
tion in Congress should be based upon the num-
ber of citizens allowed the right to vote. Now,
sir, as a fundamental principle of represent-
ative democracy, I cannot see than any link is
lacking in the demonstration that such system
of representation is the true one. If this coun-
try were so small in geographical extent that
all those entitled to share in legislative power
could meet in one assembly, who would take
part in that assembly? Would women, would
children, would the insane, would slaves, and
others excluded from the right of voting, act
as members of such a democratic Legislature?
No, sir, only those whom the country recog-
nizes as having the right to vote in such a pri-
mary meeting would be allowed to participate
in that governmental assemblage. That being
the fact, I ask, when the country has increased
to such grand proportions that you cannot call
a general meeting of that sort, what is the phil-
osophic consequence in reference to represen-
tation?
Why, sir, that a certain number of individ-
ual voters who do not present themselves in
person may send a representative. If we were
now establishing our Government, what would
be thought of the proposition of ten men who
should say, "True, wo are only ten, but we
claim the same representation as a hundred,
because wo have ninety women and children
athome? " Why, sir, such a proposition would
be scouted. In my estimation, there is no sense
in the argument that because a man happens
to be surrounded by persons who are not enti-
tled to have their own voices heard, he should
for that reason have more influence and power
in the Government than a manlivingin another
section ot the country and having no such
surroundings. It is the argument of aristoc-
racy, and strikes down democratic right by the
same reasoning, and no other, which defends
a privileged class in its claim of right togovern
by reason of birth, wealth, and custom.
But_it was urged that the principle of repre-
sentation based on voters could not be adopted,
because some of the New England Stales, or
I believe only one of those States objected on
the ground, not that they would lose repre-
sentation directly, but that some other States
would positively gain something. Sir, after all
the glorious sacrifices that New England has
made for our nation during the Revolution, and
in the war of the rebellion, after all the laurels
which she lias won, I had hoped that she would
manifest a spirit of liberality, and that, at the
present crisis when it is proper, if not impera-
tively necessary, that a change in the basis of
representation should bo made, she would not
act the part of 1 he dog in the manger, and object"
to a wise and just proposition, because some
other State will realize under it some little
advantage, which relatively the northeastern
States do not.
The argument against that proposition was
that California would gain two or three Repre-
sentatives. Sir, what is the position of Cali-
fornia. that is a State to which hardy, indus-
trious, enterprising men from the eastern States'
have gone, and have developed a country which
now exports between fifty and seventy-five mil-
lion dollars of gold and silver per annum. She
yearly contributes that amount to the national
affluence. And is it maintained that a basis of
lepiesentation, thus well founded in principle,
must, be rejected because such a State will get
two or three additional Representatives? I'
alhrm that one hundred thousand men who are'
all producers, who are liable to be called intiy
- our armies, who arc paying taxes on their in-
comes, areentilled, as a matter of justice, though
there arc in their neighborhood few or no wo-
men or children or slaves, to more representation
than twenty thousand men who happen to be
surrounded by eight}' thousand non-voters, th®
products of the labor of these twenty thousand
being all absorbed in sustaining that commu-
nity of one hundred thousand. Yet a principle
of representation so well based received only'
thirty votes in this House. This prejudice
against California is akin in its folly to the
