3236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
motion to strike out from the second to the
end of the eighth section, including all relat-
ing to sales.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to debate
this question, but as I introduced the original
bill, and my attention was called to the subject
somewhat at the last sessionof Congress, I will
state generally the impression the bill makes
upon my mind. I think it is the interest of
the United States to get rid of the mineral
lands of the United States, to get them into
the hands of private individuals; to give them
the title by patents in the ordinary way, so that
the United States will be divested of all pro-
prietary right over the mines. It is not neces-
sary for mo to discuss that question, because
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] has
to some extent done so; but I might produce
the opinions of Mr. Benton, Mr. Clay, andniany
of the most eminent statesmen of America to
show that the title to the mineral lands is of no
benefit to the United States. Prom time to
time the principle of disposing of mineral lands,
salt lands, iron lands, &c., has been adopted,
so that nqw I believe we have no proprietary
title in the United States to any but the gold
and silver mines.
Mr. GRIMES. We have some saline lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 thought we had sold all
the saline lands; but whether so or not, I think
it is the policy of the United States to get rid
of them. This bill gives the mineral lands to
the people where they are in Nevada and in
the other mineral States, for five dollars an
aero, nothing more and nothing less. It gives
them the lands for probably less than it will
cost to lay them out, survey them, locate them,
plat them, and sell them, so that it is substan-
tially a grant of the mineral lands to the set-
tlers in the mineral regions, and that policy I
am in favor of adopting; while on the other
hand, if you should adopt the proposition now
made by the Senator from Oregon the United
States would retain possession and control
of these lands, would bo subject to expenses,
and there would be no legal right., no legal title
to the improvements made on these lands. A
settler going upon a claim and building his
improvements upon the land there has no title
whatever; the title to the improvements is in
the United States; he has nothing but a pos-
sessory title, a customary right which the Uni-
ted States at any time may destroy; and it
ueoinx to me that nothing could bo more inju-
rious to the people who go to oar mineral lands
than this system of affairs—no title, no right, a
man's improvements at any time subject t,o the
legislation of Congress, no inducement to make
improvements, no fixed and permanent settle-
ment. One objection, and the strongest objec-
tion made to the admission of Colorado was
that her population was so changeable that four
or five years ago it was more than it was the
last two or three years. The reason of that, is
that no man can get a title to land ; their title
to their lands is simply possessory, it may be
destroyed at any time by the United States or
even by their local laws.
It seems to mo that under the circumstances
all the gentlemen from that region of country
should bo in favor of divesting the United
States of its title and reposing it in some way
in the people whomay live there. I am there-
fore in favor of the general principle of the
bill. The bill introduced by me, upon which
the debate is pending, was framed carefully at
the Treasury Department, having also before
them a bill framed at the Laud Office, and all
the various bills were combined together, to
carry out the general idea of divesting the
United States of its interest in these lands
upon such terms as would substantially pay
the expense of laying out and surveying them.
The great body of the lands, even in the min-
eral districts, are agricultural lands. They
are subject to entry and sale precisely like any
other agricultural lands, while the mineral
lands may be divided into small tracts and the
title may be conveyed by patent. The con-
veyance of'the surface conveys the lode or
lead, whichever way it may lead. This is
reversing the ordinary effect of a patent to
land, the title of which descends to the center
of the earth, and does not follow the lead or
lode.
The original bill framed in the Treasury D e-
partment carried out the general idea of dis-
posing and getting rid of the title to mineral
land and vesting it in the occupier of the soil
at just about the rate that would pay for sur-
veying and laying down and patenting, no more
and no less. The amendment reported by the
Committee on Mines and Mining does not vary
the essential features of the bill. It makes
them still more liberal to the miner by redu-
cing the rate of taxation, and containing some
other provisions in regard to the manner in
which occupying claimants of mines may get
a patent and title. That is the principal ma-
terial difference. Under the circumstances, it
seems to me, with very limited knowledge of
the profession of mining, and with no knowl-
edge of the subject-matter except that derived
from knowledge of our land laws, it would be
better for Congress to adopt either the original
bill or the substitute, and thus dispose and get
rid of the mineral lands of the United States.
I believe it would do more to encourage the
settlement of the mining regions, to induce
people to go there to make permanent improve-
ments if they can get a good title, than any
other measure that can be proposed. It seems
to me that no man with our ideas of prudence
and care would be willing to build expensive
improvements upon lands the title of which
he does not possess, and that that general idea
is sufficient to induce all of us to vote for this
disposition of the mineral lauds.
1 shall therefore vote against the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon, and vote either
for the original bill or for the substitute. I do
not see any objection to the substitute, and
shall vote for it, and hope the subject may thus
bo got rid of. 1 do not suppose that any
scheme can be devised that will make this sys-
tem for the sale of the mineral lands very much
like our oilier system for the sale of the public
lands, which was changed very much from time
to time, until finally the present land system
was adopted. I may say that the whole his-
tory of our public lands was a system of change.
It is only within the last four or five years that
the homestead principle has been adopted,
which has disposed of the great body of the
public land. Formerly it was sold at two dol-
lars an acre, and legislation varied from year
to year, until finally it became the settled pol-
icy of the United States to encourage the occu-
pation of land by the actual occupier, and to
give him a title, for nothing, to a limited quan-
tity of the public land. This bill applies to
the mineral lands the same system that has
been applied to the other lands of the United
States.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Before the question is
put I should like a little information in regard
to the third section. It provides that the lands
sought to be located shall be paid for at the
rate of five dollars per acre, and that the sur-
veyor general shall receive for his services the
compensation allowed by law, with mileage.
Is that compensation to be paid by the United
States ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; by the party.
There is a law now in existence, passed in
18G2, which provides that surveys of the public
lands in certain cases shall be made upon the
deposit of the cost by the party requiring the
survey to be made. That is the "law" re-
ferred to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If the section is not
stricken out, it can be looked into afterward.
I was going to remark that these claims were
generally s>ery small, perhaps not more than
an acre or two.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
from Iowa thq.t I had already prepared an
amendment to offer to the third section, cov-
ering thp very poiijt, to insert after the word
''aero," in the twelfth foe, the words, "to-
gether with the cost of such survey, plat, and
notice." I suppose in some cases where a
valuable mining claim covered but an acre, the
sum of five dollars would not really pay the
cost of surveying. I wish to make it clear that
the person receiving the title is to pay actual
cost of the survey, though that, perhaps, will
be the legal effect of the section as it stands.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the legal effect of
the section as it is. The terms used here, '' such
compensation as is allowed by law," refer to
the law of 1862, under which parties wanting
surveys made deposit the money in advance
before the work is performed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the sec-
tion as I have stated. Before the question is
taken on striking out it is in order, of course,
to move to amend the section; and I move to
insert after the word "acre," in line twelve
of section three, the words "together with the
cost of such survey, plat, and notice."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move further to amend
the amendment of the committee by striking
out all of section three after the word "there-
upon," in line fourteen. The words which I
propose to strike out are:
And the surveyor general shall receive forsueh ser-
vice such compensation as is allowed by law, with
mileage, not to exceed at legal rates the amount
chargeable from the county seat of the_ county in
which the claim may be situated to the said claim.
The compensation of the surveyor general
is fixed by law, and he is not presumed to re-
ceive any fees for particular surveys that he
may superintend.
Mr. STEWART. There is only one idea in
this provision which is at all important. It
was that there should be a deputy surveyor
in every mining county, and the only object
of the clause is to limit the mileage which may
be charged.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The surveyor general
does not execute the work himself.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not rise for the
purpose of moving any amendment, but only
to make a remark as to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Oregon. I think I was one
of the first that advocated the policy of giving
titles to the mineral lands, and to the mountains
of our country, for the reason that it was impor-
tant that miners should have established, per-
manent homes for the health of the community.
The idea that is sought to be accomplished by
this bill I think would meet my full approval if
it were placed in a shape in which it was at all
practicable. Notwithstanding the eminent skill
and the great learning in the mining interests
of my friend from Nevada [Mr. Stewaut]—and
I know him to be one of the most skillful in all
those departments—this might be called ' 'a bill
to promote litigation, create controversy, and
occasion difficulties." No system yet has been
matured for disposing of the mineral lands in
fee, except as they are occupied in present pos-
session under the customs of the country. Here
is a bill providing a policy full of machinery
very ingenious, but which, like some of those
machines that are intended to secure perpetual
motion, will run but a short time. 1 think,
without entering into this debate, having given
for years my attention to this very subject and
considered it when a member of the other
House, as well as ever since I have been in the
Senate, that we are not prepared here at the
present time to provide a plan for the disposi-
tion of the mineral lands of the country. Those
portions of the bill that would remain were the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon adopted
would be making as great an advanced step as
I think sound wisdom now justifies. I agree
with the Senator from Oregon. I make no ar-
gument ; I merely desire to express an opinion.
Mr. NYE. In the third section, line four-
teen, after the word '' thereupon'' I move to
insert:
But said plat, survey, or description shall in no
