THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Me property to the Soldiers'1 Orphans' Home of
Iowa.
reconstruction.
Mr." CONKLING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion for reference to the joint committee on
reconstruction;
Resolved, That in reestablishing Federal relation-
ships with' the Communities lately in rebellion so as to
permit them again to participate in administering the
General Government, the followingare necessary and
pr-operrequirements, and ought to be secured by such
measures as will render them as far as possible immu-
table:
1, The. absolute renunciation of all the'pretensions
and evasions of secession as a doctrine and as a prac-
tice.
:2. The repudiation both by the State and by tho
national Governments of all public debts and obliga-
tions, including State and municipal liabilities con-
tracted or assumed in aid of tho late rebellion, and
including also all claims by or on behalf of those who
■Were in the military or naval' service of the insurgents
for bounty, pay, or pensions, and all claims by per-
sona not loyal to tho United States for damages or
losses suffered by reason of tho rebellion and for ad-
vances made in its aid,
3. The assurance of human rights to all persons
within their borders, regardless of race, creed, or
color, and the adoption of such provisions against
barbarism.disorder, and oppression, as will relieve the
General Government from tho necossity of standing
guard over any portion of our country to protect tho
people from domestic violence and outrage,
4. The impartial distribution of political power
ataong all sections of the country so that four million
people shall no longer bo represented in Congress in
the interest of sectional aggrandizement and at the
same time be excluded from political privileges and
rights.
5. Tho election of Senators and Representatives
in truth loyal to tho United States, and never ring-
leadors in the late revolt, nor guilty of dastardly be-
trayals which precoded tho war or of atrocitios which
war cannot extenuate.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to inquire whether
if this resolution shall go to the joint commit-
tee it will operate in any respect its instruction
upon the part of the House?
Mr. CONKLING. It is intended that the
resolution shall go to the committee, as every
resolution goes that is referred, with out action
upon it. My colleague knows how that is as
well as I do, no doubt.
Mr. STEVENS. In order to avoid all diffi-
culty I suggest to the gentleman from New
York that he amend his resolution so as to make
it a resolution of inquiry. This is an absolute
instruction.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no instruction
about it. It is simply a resolution which I offer
on my own responsibility, for reference merely.
It is merely a declaration to be referred to that
committee.
Mr. RAYMOND. My question is, whether
in presenting the question first to the House, to
go from the House to the committee, the gen-
tleman intends merely to express his own opin-
ions on the subject? As he is n member of the
committee', I can see no reason why he could
not express his own opinion in the committee.
There may bean implied instruction in sending
this resolution from the House to the commit-
too.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the fact that a
member of the House is 011 a committee does not
preclude liim from introducing his, or another's,
opinions here. Doubtless that right remains to
him. This resolution is precisely like many res-
olutions offered by others, sometimes asking a
vote in the House, which 1 do not ask, and some-
times asking, as I do ask, a mere reference to
a committee, to the end that tho resolution may
be printed, and challenge criticism in the com-
mittee and in the House. It seems to me it is
too plain and simple to be misunderstood, and
too ordinary a proceeding to be in earnest the
subject of discussion.
Mr. BLAINE. I would inquire whether,
under the ruling of the Chair, this resolution
does not go, without debate, to the joint, com-
mittee of fifteen?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
offered.
Mr. FINCK. I object to it.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the State of New York had been called regu-
larly the gentleman from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] would have had a right to offer this reso-
lution, and it would have gone, without debate,
to the committee on reconstruction. The gen-
tleman, however, asked unanimous consent to
offer the resolution.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Was notthe question de-
liberately put to the" House, whether there was
any objection to the reception of the resolu-
tion? And did not the reading of the resolu-
tion the second time come after that question
was put; and the Speaker announced that he
heard no objection?
The SPEAKER.. The colleague of the
gentleman [Mr. Raymond] was understood to
suggest a modification, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall] called for the
reading of the resolution, reserving his right to
object.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I think the Chair is mis-
taken in one respect. My colleague [Mr. Ray-
mond] rose to inquire whether the resolution
was designed as m any way instructing the
joint committee on reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. That included the right to
object. And the right to objcct was also re-
served by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Broomall,] when he called for the sec-
ond reading of the resolution. -
Mr. RAYMOND. I did not rise for the pur-
pose of objecting to the introduction of the
resolution, but to inquire what would be the
effect of it. I can state to my colleague [Mr.
Conkling] in one word, what was my opinion
upon hearing tho resolution read: that if it was
presented here and referred to tho joint com-
mittee on reconstruction it would be equiva-
lent to a resolution reading, "Resolved by this
House" that such and such things should be
done. It would be equivalent to positive in-
structions.
Mr. CONKLING. I would ask how my col-
league [Mr. Raymond] could suppose any such
thing?
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a question of order,
that there is nothing before the House.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to
the resolution, it is not before the House for
discussion.
Mr. CONKLINGr. It is not very courteous
in the gentleman on the other side, after my
colleague has been heard, to objcct to a reply.
order of business.
Mr.HOGAN. I desiro unanimous consent
to offer a resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. IIOG AN. 1 desire but a moment or two.
M r. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust tho
House will adhere to the regular orderof busi-
ness. I have a resolution myself which I de-
sire to offer. But by adhering to the regular
order of business every member will have an
equal chance to offer such resolutions as he may
desire to submit without asking unanimous
consent. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Hokan'] knows my friendly feeling toward him ;
still I must object to his offering a resolution at
this time, and demand the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The regular orderof busi-
ness is the calling of committees for reports.
mutual, etc., homestead company.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with sundry
amendments. House bill No. 26, to incorporate
the United States Mutual Protection Home-
stead Company, and recommended its passage
by the House, with the amendments.
Tho amendments wore read.
The first amendment was to add to section
one of the bill the following:
And this act shall continue in force for the term
of five years and no longer.
The second amendment was to strike out of
the list of corporators contained in the first sec-
tion the names "Ilersehel V. Johnson, Qcor-
! gia," " George W. Carter, Texas," " C. G. For-
| shey, Texas," and "Joshua Hill, Georgia," and
| insert after the words "John W. Stokes, Penn-
t sylvania," the words—
' Jackson S. Schultzo, !New York; Le Grand E. Can-
non, Vermont; RobertDale Owen, Indiana; George
C. Ward, New York; Joseph II. Wiggin, Virginia;
Robert Turner, Maryland.
The third amendment was to insert between
the words "may" and "lease or purchase and
hold lands," the words "by agreement in writ-
ing, and not otherwise.''
Tho fourth amendment was to add to section
two the following:
Provided, That all leases given or taken by said
company snail provide that the lessee may purchase
the lands leased at a price stipulated in the lease, at
any time within the term thereof, which shall not in
any case cxecod the time when this corporation will
expire by virtue of this act.
The fifth amendment was to strike out the
words "in the annual elections," at the end of.
section four, and insert in lieu thereof the words
"and no person or corporator shall vote upon
more'than one hundred shares."
The sixth amendment was to add at the end'
of the bill the following sections:
Sec. —. That before said corporation commences
business the president, treasurer, and a majority of
the directors shall sign, swear to, and publish three
times in some newspaper printed in the District, and
record in the officc of tho register of deeds for saidDis-
trict, a certificate setting forth the amount of the cap-
ital stock, the amount actually paid in, and within
thirty days afterthepaymentof any installment called
for by the directors a certificate thereof shall be in
likemannersignod, sworn to, published, and recorded.
Sec. —. That in the month of January of each
year the president, treasurer, and a majority of the
directors shall sign, swear to, and publish three times
in each of two newspapers printed in the District of
Columbia a full statement of the amount of capital
stock actually paid in, tho amount invested in real
estate, and the amount of existing demands against
such corporation.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to ask the especial
attention of the House to this bill, for the reason
that there is in the committee a divided judgment
as to the expediency of passing it; and also from
the circumstance that it is a departure, to some
extent, from the general policy of the Govern-
ment. It is a bill to incorporate a land com-
pany, with a capital of $3,000,000; the office of
the company to be located in this District, for
the purpose of encouraging emigration to and
settlement in the States lately in rebellion
against the Government. The ostensible and
I believe the real purpose of the persons con-
cerned is to encourage emigration to and to
furnish facilities to persons, white or black, to
purchase land in that section of the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order
to appreciate the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] I would sug-
gest that the bill be read at length.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will ask that the bill
be read in full.
Tho bill was then read at length.
Scction one recites the names of nearly sixty
persons, from the several States and District of
Columbia, as corporators, who, with their suc-
cessors, are constituted and created a body cor-
porate in the District of Columbia, under the
name and style of " the United States Mutual
Protection Homestead Company," for the en-
couragement of settlements and the organiza-
tion of industry in the American States, and in
that name to have and use a common seal, to
sue and be sued, and plead and be impleaded,
and to fill vacancies in their own body arising
from death or resignation.
Section two provides that the said corpo-
rators, or any thirty of them, after giving ten
days' notice of tho time and place of their
meeting in two or more of the daily papers of
Washington city, may organize the company by
the election of twelve directors, who shall con-
duct its affairs, hold their offices for twelve
months and until the election of their succes-
sors, elect a president of their own body, and
appoint a secretary and treasurer and such
other officers and agents as may be convenient
or necessary, all of whom shall hold their offices
as provided in the by-laws to be made by the
directors for the management of the business;
that the company may receive contributions for
the promotion of emigration and for the dis-
semination of information to emigrants and land-
holders, and may lease or purchase and hold
lands, and sub-lets or sell and convey the same
