1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3237
case cover more than one vein or lode, find no patent
shall issuo for more than one vein or lodo, which shall
be expressed in the patent issued.
Mr. CHANDLEiv. I desire to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive it by unanimous conscnt.
Mr. STEWART. Let the pending bill be
laid aside informally.
riyett and iiai1130r bill.
Mr. CHANDLEH submitted the following
report:
Tho committee of confercnco on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 492)
making appropriations tor the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of law, and for other
purposes, having met, after full and free conference
nave agreed to recommend, and do recommcnd, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House agice to the first, second, third,
fifth, seventh, eighth, and ninth amendments as made
by the Senate.
That the lion so, agree to the sixth amendment, with
the following amendment, that is to say. by inserting
in section one, pagel,lincrtwenty-onc, after the word
"nforcMud," the words, "and all other works pio-
vided for by this act/'
That the llouse agree to the tenth amendment with
the following amendment, that is to ?.iy, "by inserting
after the'word " Alanistoe'' in said amendment, the
words "South Haven."
That the Senate recede from the fourth amend-
mont" Z. CHANDLER,
L. M. MORIULL,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
TIIOMAS I). ELIOT,
J. M. lltiMPlfltHY,
JOHN W. LONUYEAR,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WADE. I-should desire to have a little
information from the Senator from Michigan in
regard to these amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER. The amendment strik-
ing out, the prohibition against spending money
execpt upon the new plans and surveys is agreed
to. The provision as to Michigan Cit.y is stricken
out. These areaboul, the only material amend-
ments.
Mr. WADE. The provision first referred to
by the Senator is left as the Senate left it.
Mr. ClIANDLEK. Yes.
Mr. GRIMES. Stricken out?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes; stricken out.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I desire to inquire whether
the amendment providing for the improvement
of the Willamette river has been stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLEH. Not at all; 110 change
lias been made except what I have stated. The
first section is changed so as to ineludc all the
works provided for in the bill in that sec-
tion, and the other clause which was stricken
out by the Senate is left stricken out.
The report was concurred in.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House, of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiikrson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed the following enrolled bills;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. 11. No. 85) for the disposal of the
public lands for humcstcad actual settlement
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, and Florida^
A bill (H. R. No. 4S2) to incorporate the
Howard Institute and Home of the District of
Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 57) for the relief of the heirs
of Lieutenant Joshua D. Todd, late of the
United States Navy, deceased:
A bill (S. No. 202) for the relief of Elislia TV".
Dunn, a paymaster in the United States Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 307) authorizing the restora-
tion of Commander Charles Hunter to the
Navy; and
A bill (S. No. 3G0) to regulate the appoint-
ment of paymasters in the Navy, and explana-
tory of an act for the better organization of
the pay department of the Navy.
constitutional amendment.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
resolution:
Unsolved bu the House of RepreKato'ives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the President of the United States
be rociu-ested to transmit forthwith to the Executives
of the several States copies of the article of amend-
ment proposed by Congress to the State Legislatures
to amend the Constitution of the United States,
passed June 13, ISoo, respectino: citizenship, tlio basis
of representation, disqualification for office, and va-
lidity of tho public debt of the United States, &c., to
the end that the said States may proceed to act uieon
the said article of amendment; a.nd that he request
the Executive of each State that may ratify said
amendment to transmit to the Seeretiuy of State a
eertiiied copy ot such ratification.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that that committee, 011 the lGth
instant, presented to the Secretary of State, to
bo deposited in (he archives of the State De-
partment, the joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 127)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate to take
up the resolution which has just been received
from the House of Representatives for the trans-
mission of the constitutional amendment to the
Executives of the Slates.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to take it up at this time.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to ask the
Senator from Michigan to waive his motion for
a moment in order to enable me to correct a
gross error that appears in a public document
printed and laid on our tables this morning
in conncction with my name.
Mr. HOWARD. Let this resolution be
passed first. It will take but a single minute.
The Secretary read the resolution of the
House of Representatives.
The resolution was concurred in.
personal explanation.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I find 011 my table
this morning a House document which pur-
ports to be. and is 110 doubt, a printed copy
of a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
in response to a resolution of the House of
Representatives, calling upon him to report
"the respective amounts drawn by the sev-
eral members of both branches of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress as salary and as mileage,
separately, together with the number of miles
for which each one was paid." Opposite my
name I find it stated that daring the last Con-
gress 1 was paid for mileage S<>r>l 20, that I
received as compensation S8.1IH3 50, and the
total is given as SO.Oo! 70. There is an error
in the amount of compensation received of
SI!,000. Itis evidently a printer's error, as the
additions show it to be ; but as i do not know
for what purpose this information has been
called for, or what use is likely to be made of
it, I have thought it due to myself to state that
it is an error.
kxkcctrvk communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 20th ultimo, a
report from the Acting Secretary of the Inte-
rior, furnishing information touching the trans-
actions of the executive branch of the Govern-
ment respecting the transportation, settlement,
and colonization of persons of the African race;
which, 011 motion of Mr. Wilson, was ordered
to lie 011 the table and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid be-
fore the Senate a message fiom the President
of the United States, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the loth
instant, a communication from the Secretary
of State, with accompanying documents, fur-
' nishing information in relation to the departure
of troops from Austria for Mexico ; which, on
motion of Mr. Trumbull, was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session tho doors were,
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 18, 1806.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. 13. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
bills on leave.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the call of States for hills 011 leave
to be referred to the appropriate committees,
and not to be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill to establish in
Germany a repertory for furnishing informa-
tion in regard to the resources of the United
States; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
claims ok loyal citizens.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE introduced a bill to
establish a commission for the settlement of
claims against the Government of the United
States held by loyal citizens of East Tennes-
see ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to tho Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
a.sutro.  
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, introduced abill
granting to A. Sntro the right of way, and
granting other privileges to aid in tho construc-
tion of a draining and exploring tunnel to the
Comstock lode, 111 the State of Nevada; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining.
resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of States for resolutions in
an inverse, order, commencing with the State
of Pennsylvania, where it rested last Monday
at tho expiration of the morning hour.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, leave of ab-
sence was granted to his colleague, Mr. Wil-
liams.
On motion of Mr. BUCKLAND, leave of
absence was granted to his colleagues, Mr.
Delano and Mr. 11 uisiskul.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, leave of ab-
sence was granted to his colleague, Mr. Hub-
bell.
EDWARD Sl'TCHIt AND .TOHN BAILEY.
Mr. MORRIS submitted the following reso-
lution ; on which he demanded the previous
question:
Ke'mtval, That the compensation ofEdivard Spicer,
superintendent of the toldiri^-ioom, be inudc eciual to
that now paid to tho first assistant doorkeeper.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his demand for the pi evious question,
so that 1 may add an amendment in reference
to Clinton Lloyd, Chief Clerk of the House,
to make, his pay equal to that of the chief clerk
of the Sergeant-at-Arms. These are perma-
nent officers, who are required to stay here all
the year round to do the business of members.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the Committee of Accounts has not
yet reported in respect to increasing the pay
of the chief clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. WINFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the demand for the previous
question to allow me to offer an amendment
making the salary of the superintendent of the
speech-folding department and book-keeper of
the folding-room equal to that of the enrolling
clerk of the House. ■
Mr. MORRIS. I will state that while I
would be willing to accommodate the gentle-
man, I prefer that each case should stand on
its own merits.
i Mr. WINFIELD. I desire to state that
! these gentlemen remain here during the whole
i year at a salary, I believe, of SI,200 a year,
| and there are 110 employes of tho House by
j whom members are more faithfully served than
! by them. Their salaries are really inadequate
