1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4197
selling vessels, ships, or steamers built within
the limits thereof, or materials or munitions
the growth or product of the same, to inhabit-
ants of other countries or to Governments not
at war with the United States; provided that
the operation of this act shall be suspended
whenever the United States shall be engaged
in war."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to this.
Will not these same prohibitions which he im-
agines exist in other laws still exist even though
this section shall be passed ? Will it not, there-
fore, be necessary, in order to carry out the ob-
ject he proposes, to provide that this should not
be prohibited either by this act or any other act.
I suggest, therefore, to amend so as to have it
read " that nothing in this act or in any other
existing law shall be so construed," &c.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, to add after the words ''this act"
the words "or any other act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say a few words.
I will not trespass long for I wish a vote before
the recess to-day. The proposition of the gen-
tleman frofh New York [-Mr. Raymond] was
carefully considered by the gentlemen com-
posing the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
upon a call of the roll of the committee it was
disapproved by them with the exception of
himself and the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Patterson. ] It was the judgment
of the committee that this question be met now
arid that it should not be postponed ; that both
the committee and the House would be in a
condition to pass final judgment upon the sub-
ject. Therefore, I trust, whatever that judg-
ment may be, we shall not consent to a post-
ponement, but approve or disapprove of the
bill according to the judgment of the House.
Let me here say a word in reply to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Patterson] that this bill had not been
read in committee. The gentleman did not
honor us with his attendance except at the last
moment of our deliberations upon the subject.
We had given many hours of careful consid-
eration to the subject for several weeks past.
Mr. PATTERSON. I would say to the gen-
tleman that to the best of my knowledge I have
been absent from but one meeting. 1 was ab-
sent one week, and if this matter was brought
up at any time in the committee it must have
been then.
Mr. BANKS. There havebeen several meet-
ings of the committee on this subject. Per-
haps the gentleman's attention was not called
to it, because it was for a considerable time in
the hands of a sub-committee. But at the last
meeting of the committee when the bill was
agreed to, the principles of it were distinctly
stated as well as the points of agreement and
disagreement between it and the other acts of
this Government upon this subject as well as
of Great Britain, and if the gentleman had de-
sired the reading of the bill proposed it would
have been read. It is suggested that we ought
not to depart from the early policy of the Gov-
ernment on this subject. Let me say that the
first object of this bill is to return to the early
policy of the Government. Its provisions are
substantially those of the act of 1794, enacted
under the administration of Washington. Of
the ten sections of this act, all are retained in
this bill with one exception. Its passage will
bring our legislation back to the policy of Wash-
ington's administration. The acts of 1797,1817,
and 1818 were departures from the policy of the
Government, the principles of international
law, and the legislation of every other Gov-
ernmeBt. This bill strikes from the statutes
enacted since 1794 the unnecessary, unusual,
and onerous restrictions and prohibitions upon
the commerce of the country and the power of
its people.
I do not like to say much about the history I
of this legislation because itis not an agreeable j
subject: but it appears distinctly in the history
of the periods to which I have referred that
the changes in the neutrality law of 1794 were
made to correspond, not. with the wishes of
the people or Government, or with a view to
its interest or prosperity, but at the solicitation,
and I might say at the demand, almost, of for-
eign Governments, and especially of Portugal
and Spain, supported by Great, Britain. We
made our laws to correspond with their inter-
ests and wishes rather than our own, because
we were in a condition not to resist that which
they pressed npon us. But it was distinctly
stated by John Adams, as President, by John
Quincy Adams, as Secretary oftjtate, and more
recently by Mr. Adams, representing onr Gov-
ernment at the Court of St. James, that the
legislation and policy of that day were adopted
with a full comprehension that the time would
come when the people of this country would
be able to assert their own right, upon the
judgment of the people alone rather than at
the dictation or upon the representations of
representatives of foreign Governments. The
question forthis House to dctermincis whether
that time has come. Sir, I think it has come.
If wc want anything to prove our power, let
us look at the history of this country for the
last five years. If anything is required to
exhibit our sense of justice, let the world look
at the manner in which we have enforced our
own laws against our own citizens, suffering
under irreparable wrongs, at the demands of a
Government that has been most unjust and
ungenerous toward us. If anything is required
to satisfy the world of our sense of justice, we
offer it assuredly in the history of this country
for the years just closed. But the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] sug-
gests that upon this subject we should call in
the aid of the best legal talent that can be ob-
tained. Sir, we have had enough of the best
legal talent for the surrender of our rights.
What we want now is talent for maintaining
them. I would rather go to the hearts of the
people and take counsel of their courage and
love of country than to professional men, of
whatever class or character, for instruction as
to what should be our action upon this ques-
tion. Let me ask my friend from New Hamp-
shire, should he go to the people of the State
he represents and asks them whether it is time
to defend the rights of this country against
Groat Britain, what he supposes their answer
would be.
Mr. PATTERSON. Does the gentleman
want a reply to his question ?
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman is able to
give it, 1 should be glad to hear it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am as heartily in sym-
pathy with the cause of liberty in this country
or in the Old World as the gentleman himself
can be. If the gentleman refers to Ireland, as
he undoubtedly does, let me say to him that to
that country I owe my origin, and I am as
deeply interested in its liberty as ho can bo.
My opposition to this bill is because it is being
pushed too rapidly through this House when
great interests of the country are involved in
its passage. That is the only objection I have
made to the passage of this bill; no other objec-
tion whatever.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman says he owes
his origin to Ireland. All I can say is that his
opposition to this bill docs his origin no credit.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do nota.sk the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to help
preserve the credit of my origin.
Mr. BANKS. But the gentleman has not an-
swered my question. I ask him again whether
hesupposes, if heshouldgotothe peopleot New
Hampshire and ask them whether the time had
come when we should strike from our statute-
books restrictions and prohibitions upon our
power and prosperity, which were placed there
at the dictation of foreign nations, they would
say that it was not yet time. Sir, I do not
believe there is one son of New Hampshire
who would not say that this is the time, or who
would say that any higher talent is required in
determining this question than the spirit of jus-
tice w'"eh fills tlio hearts of the people. But
it is ik necessary to debate this question fur-
ther. The proposition submitted by the com-
mittee is, that we shall return t.o the statutes
and policy of the age of Washington. Our
purpose is to strike from our statutes unusual
and unjust restrictions and prohibitions upon
the privileges of our citizens and upon the
power of our country which now stand upon
our statute-books, but which are to be found
upon the statute-books of no other nation upon
the face of the earth. The bill we propose gives
to the Government of the United States power
to maintain our relations of neutrality with
other nations, and at the same time relieves
our citizens from restrictions and prohibitions
that no considerations of fidelity or justice to
other nations can justify.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Raymond, and it was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in therallirniativc—yeas 123, nays 0, not voting
04: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Anderson,
Delos K. Ashlev, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Beniamin,
Bergen, Bulvvell, limgham, Boutwell, Boyer, Brom-
weil, Broomall, Biiuldand, Sidney Clarke, Oobb,
Conklins, Cooper, Cullorn, Dawes, Delrees, Delano,
Dixon. Donnelly, Drisrgs, Dumont, Eckley, Esgles-
ton, Eldiidge, liiliot, t'.'imsworth, J'\itqulmr, l1'crry,
Fmek, U.nTiekl, Uios:-bi rnner. Aaron Harding, Ab-
ner C. Ilj-idinj?, Hart, Hayes, Higby. Ho^an, Holmes,
Hooper, Ilotchliiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, James It. Ilnbboll, Ingei>oll, Jcnckes. .1 u-
linn, Kav-ori, Kelley, Kerr, XCetehiun, Ivoontz, K>y-
kendall, Leitwich, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Lynch, Marston,
Maynard, McClurpr, McBucr, Mcreur, Miller, Moor-
hcad, Morrtll, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Nib-
lack, Nu-holson,O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Per-
ham, Phelps, Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Biec, John 11. Rice, Hitter, Bollins, l',oss,
Sawyer, SehAnck, Scolicld, Shanklm, Shcllabar^er,
Spalding, Stevens. Stokes, Strouse, Tabcr. Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Nolson Taylor. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van
Aero am, BnrtVan Horn. Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Welker, Wontworth, Whaley, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson. Win dam, Winfield.
Wright, and the Speaker—123.
NAYS-0.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee,
Bundy, Chanler, Header W. Clarke, Cook, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Dawson, Demine, Denison, Dodfje,
Goodyear, Grider, Grinncll, Griswold, Hale, Harris,
Henderson, Hill, Asahel W. llubbard, Demas Hnb-
baid, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, John-
son, Jones, Kelso, Latham, Longyenr, Marshall,
Marvin, McCullough. Mclndoe, McKee^Noell, Pike,
Pomeroy, ltadtord, William 11. Randall, ltaymond,
Itogers, tSitgreavps, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Upson, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, and Wood-
bridge—63.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. ANCONA. I wish to state that my
colleague, Mr. Dawson, is absent and is paired
generally with Mr. Ashley, of Ohio.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague, Mr. Wash-
burn, is necessarily absent, and is paired upon
this vote, as also upon the admission of Ten-
nessee, with the gentleman from Kentucky,
Mr. Geibcr.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. My colleague, Mr. De-
mas Hubbard is absent on account of sick-
ness. If he were here I have no doubt he
would vote for this bill.
Mr. WARD. The gentleman from Mary-
land, Mr. J. L. Thomas is sick. If hewere
here he would vote for this bill.
Mr. NEWELL. The gentleman from New
York, Mr. Marvin, is absent. If he were
present he would vote "ay."
Mr. KASSON. The gentleimm from New
York, Mr. Darling, has gone_ nome in con-
sequence of sickness in his family. If he were
here he would vote "ay."
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. My colleagues,
