1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for use, settlement, and cultivation, and may
also lend money on mortgage of lands or pledges
of growing crops, with a view to promote the
reorganization of labor on the basis of freedom
and to promote the obtaining of homesteads by
the landless poor.
Section three provides that whenever the
company may deem it useful or necessary in
Erosecuting the objects aforesaid, they may open
ooks for the subscription of capital stock to
an amount not more than $3,000,000, in shares
of ten dollars each, and may make such pro-
vision for the payment of subscriptions, and
forfeitures for non-payment, as they may deem
proper, provided that due notice of the time
and place of opening said books shall be given
by at least twenty days' publication in two or
more daily papers of Washington city.
Section four provides that the general election
of directors shall take place annually at such time
and place as may be provided in the by-laws;
and, until the company may provide for the
subscription of stock, the directors shall be
elected by the corporators named and their suc-
cessors ; but whenever tfce joint stock company
may be established as provided by this bill, the
shareholders shall become the successors of the
corporators, and each share shall entitle the
holder to one vote in the annual elections.
SUPERINTENDENT 01? PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Printing,
and ordered to be printed.
MUTUAL, ETC., COMPANY AGAIN.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, if the
House has attended to the text of the bill as
read, I shall be able to explain the amendments
proposed by the committee, which all tend to
restrict the powers of the corporators.
In the first place we limit the act to five years.
The corporators are willing to take it upon that
condition, trusting in their ability to commend
themselves to the country by what they do. At
any rate, a majority of the committee believe
that this corporation cannot be so managed
within that limited period of time as to produce
any serious evils.
In the second place, we provide that every
lease taken by this corporation shall contain a
provision that the corporation may purchase
lands leased within the period of the 'charter at
a price stipulated ; and that every lease given by
the corporation shall also contain a provision by
which the lessee may purchase the lands within
the same period of time at a price stipulated in
the lease, the object of that being to prevent
persons in the South who may have large landed
estates from leasing those estates as a whole,
securing the rents, and by the income thus de-
rived acquiring the means of holding these vast
estates for a still longer period of time, the ob-
ject being to introduce a policy by which those
vast estates shall be broken up and distributed
among a greater number of land-holders.
We have also provided in the amendments that
no person shall vote upon more than one hundred
shares of the stock of the corporation. We have
also provided, by additional sections, that be-
fore this corporation shall enter upon business,
it shall publish in a ne%vspaper in this city, and
record in the registry of deeds, a certificate con-
taining a statement under oath of the amount
of its capital actually paid in ; and that, when-
ever any installment is assessed and collected,
a similar notice and certificate shall be pub-
lished and recorded ; and that in the month of
January in each year there shall be published
in two newspapers of this city, for three suc-
cessive times, a sworn statement of the capital
stock of the corporation, the amount of prop-
erty invested in real estate, and the amount of
the indebtedness of the corporation.
We have thrown around this corporation all
the safeguards that seem to be necessary. But
after all, there is but a majority of the commit-
tee in favor of the passage of the bill. I am of
that majority, and have therefore reported the
bill, but without intending to make any further
effort to secure its passage than the statements
I have made.
Mr. DAWES. I observe, Mr. Speaker, that
the amendments of the committee propose to
strike out the names of several corporators from
the States lately engaged in-the rebellion. I
desire to inquire of my colleague [Mr. Bout-
wbll] what is the objection to having corpora-
tors from those States, if they are proper per-
sons?
Mr. BOUTWELL. My colleague will ob-
serve that there are .still remaining in the list
of corporators the names of several persons
from the States to which he has referred. The
names which the committee propose to strike
out are the names of persons in regard to
whose loyalty and political relations to this
Government the committee could not obtain
exact information.
Mr. DAWES. Inoticethatamongthenames
proposed to be stricken out is that of Joshua
Hill, of Georgia. Has my colleagueany doubts
in reference to the loyalty of that gentleman?
I have regarded Mr. Hill as one of the most
loyal men of the South.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If my colleague's esti-
mate of that gentleman is correct, the com-
mittee of course have no objection to him.
Mr. DAWES. I would not, of course, de-
sire to have the name of Joshua Hill retained
in this bill if I had myself any doubt on the sub-
ject of his loyalty ; and if my colleague, or any
other member of the House, has any good rea-
son for doubting it, I would of course withdraw
any suggestion of that kind. But, so far as I
am concerned, I have been struck with the
course which, as I have understood it from the
public neivspapers, Joshua Hill has pursued
during the whole period of the rebellion. I was
a personal friend of his before he left this House.
I know that at that time he refused to follow
the lead of other members from Georgia and
other southern States; and while they with-
drew from this House, leaving their States with-
out representation here, he, contrary to the
wholepolicy ofthose members, resigned his seat
and went home ; and there in Georgia he has
always been, as I have understood, a true, loyal
man.
In the late Georgia convention Joshua Hill
spoke freely on that subject. There his loyally
to the Union never failed. There never was a
time, sir, he said, if it had been in liis power,
he would not have crushed the rebellion from
the beginning. There never was a time when
he did not pronounce it to be the work of
madmen.
Still, Mr. Speaker, I may be mistaken ; but
while I would join my colleague in his desire to
exclude anybody from this corporation about
whom there may be any reasonable doubt, I
have a strong conviction that Joshua Hill is
one of the few remarkable men of the southern
country who maintained his loyalty against
great odds and amid great danger and peril,
and I hope that his name will be retained in
this bill for that very reason. My colleague
seems to have some information satisfactory to
him; but I think those around me, who were
in the Congress to which I refer, will bear tes-
timony to the fact that Joshua Hill in that Con-
gress was an exception to the other Eepresent-
atives from the southern States.
Mr. DAYIS. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, rendered
necessary by the fact that, when he was making
a statement of amendments to the bill I was
momentarily absent from the Hall. I desire to
inquire whether there is any limitation to the
amount of property that may be held and the
amount of profit that may be divided? I un-
derstand from the honorable gentleman that
there is no such limitation upon the profits, and
I suggest, before the bill should be passed, that
a limitation shall be imposed upon the profits
and the capital of the company. As the bill
now is, this may become a monopoly for all
sorts of speculation. If the bill does not con-
tain such a provision of limitation, I give no-
tice that at the proper time I •will move Biieh
an amendment.
Mr. BQUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I will re-
fer to the suggestion of jny colleague first.- (The
name of Mr. Hill was.omitted on account of
thea&sence of information, rather than because
of the existence of, any knowledge of a politi-
cal <8iar cter. If. the gentleman is ofthe opin-
ion that he is a loyal man, I think that the com-
mittee will not object.-to the restoration oft Ms
name to the,bill.
Mr. DAWES. Some doubt arose as to Mr.
Hill in reference.to his being a member of the
confederate congress. I have the information
that he was not a member of that congress,.and
that ho refused to hold office of any kind .under
the confederate government. The Mr. .Hill
.who held office was another man.
. And I state, further, on the suggestion . of
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] that Mr.
Hill was the Union candidate for Governor of
Georgia. I think that there cannot be a. ques-
tion or a suspicion of Mr. Hill's loyalty -being
undoubted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I.will
state one reason why the committee struek out
ccrtain names. They believed that all of the
persons whose names are struck out belonged
to the excQpted classes in the amnesty procla-
mation of the President. We did not think ;it
proper to confer corporate powers upon ;sueh
people.
Mr. DAWES. I know that Mr. Hill, in the
Georgia convention, was taunted by pardoned
rebels with the fact that a man who had been
a Unionist during the war, while they were de-
fending the cause of Georgia, was held -in con-
tempt by the people of that State. He-was far-
ther taunted that he was not thought as-well of
here at Washington as the man who had fought
against the Union, becausehehadnot succeeded
in being pardoned. Mr. Hill replied that he
did not believe that a man could stand better
here at Washington with the Executive and au-
thorities who had served the cause of the re-
bellion, even though that was the cause of the
people of Georgia, than the man who had stood
by the flag of the country, although a resident
of Georgia. Mr. Hill said:
" I shall never alter the conviction which has been
the motive for my conduct during the war, although
it may take me out of the sphere of influence and con-
fidence at Washington."
Said Mr. Hill:
" There never was a day when, if it had been within
my power, I would not have crushed this rebellion as
one of madness which has brought ruin upon my State
and country."
Therefore there can be no question on the
subject; and I am anxious that Mr. Hill shall be
able to say to the rebels thatwhatthey taunted
him with was not true.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of my
friend whether it is not within his recollection
that, when Georgia seceded, and her Bepre-
sentatives on this floor, recognizing that act of
secession, vacated their seats and went backto
Georgia, Mr. Hill stood here and refused to fol-
low their example, and when nothing else-was
to be done, resigned like a man ?
Mr. DAWES. My recollection is that a long
time after the Representatives from Georgialeft
this House, Mr. Hill left it, and in his speech
resigning his seat he was emphatic in the con-
demnation of the act of his colleagues, and in
the most impressive manner urged upon them
to return to their senses.
Mr. BOUTWELL. After the remarks that
have been made, and the little opportunity I
have had of conversing with my associates, I
will ask'that the name of Joshua Hillbe omitted
from the proposed amendment.
Mr. WASHBUB.NE, of Illinois. This is a
very important bill; the amendments have only
been read from the Clerk's table, and I hope
the gentleman will consent to postpone the mat-
ter and have his bill as amended printed. This
is an extraordinary measure, according* to-my
judgment. It proposes to establish a mammoth
corporation, with S3.000,000 capital, and en-
dow it with special rights. I hops .too House
