1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2277
order to put them out of the discussion.; they
have nothing to do with it; and this brings me
to the precise proposition before the Senate,
In -order that I may make no mistake in stat-
ing it, I will read its precise language
Toat no person exeroising or performing, or under-
talking to exercise or perform, the duties of any office,
which by law is required to be tilled by the advice
and eonsent of tho Senate, shall, before confirmation
by the Senate, receive any salaiy or eompeneation
for his services, unless such person be commissioned
by the President to fill up a vacancy which has hap-
pened by death, resignation, or expiration of term
during tho recess of the Senate and since its last
adjournment.
The proposition is very simple ; it needs no
commentary or no explanation. AU familiar
with public offices know that there are unques-
tionably abuses that have occurred in the ex-
ecutive department from the habit, after tho
adjournment of the Senate, of tilling vacancies
which had existed during the session of tho
Senate but which the Senate had chosen not
to fill. Is Congress wrong if it undertakes to
provide by legislation that in such cases the
party nominated shall not be entitled to any
salary or compensation until he is afterward
confirmed by the Seuate? It may be, as the
Senator from Maryland suggests, that we may
not interfere with the power of removal; but
there is one power which Congress has—and
the Senate is a part of Congress—and that is
the power over the purse strings ; and all that
this proposition undertakes to do is to exercise
power over the purse strings in certain cases,
so as to impose a check, a constitutional chock,
which recent events show ought to be imposed
upon the Executive. The proposition is so
simple that it hardly justifies argument, and 1
will not take any further time about it.
Mr.TllUMBULL. The Senator from Mary-
land is mistaken in supposing that this is a
measure hostile to the Executive of the United
States. It is an amendment intended to carry
Out what I conceive to be clearly the consti-
tutional authority of Congress and to prevent
a practice which has grown up of making ap-
pointments to office without consulting the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Maryland remarked
the other day, very properly, that if the practice
were to prevail that the President should till
up vacancies during the recess to continue
until the end of the next session of tho Senate,
and then, without nominating anybody to the
Senate during its session who could obtain a
confirmation, were again after the adjournment
of the Senate to make a new appointment to
continue to the end of the then next session, he
could in this way continue to exercise the ap-
pointing power without consulting the Senate
at all. The Senator admitted that this would
he a violation of tho spirit of the Constitution.
This is no new idea in this body, nor is it
aimed at the present Executive of the United
States. Congress had occasion more than three
years ago to pass an act upon this very subject.
At that-time persons were being appointed to
office in this same way, without consulting the
Senate. What did Congress do? It passed
an act providing—
"That no money shall bo paid from tho Treasury
of the United States to any person acting or assuming
to act as an officer, civil, military, or naval, as salary
its any ofiico which office is not authorized by pome
previously existing law, unless where such office shall
be subsequently sanctioned by law; nor shall any
money bo paid out of the Treasury as salary to any
person appointed during the reecss of the Senate to
fill a vacancy in any existing office which vacancy
existed while the Senate was in session and is by law
required to be filled by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate until such appointee shall have
been confirmed by the Senate."
We provided more than three years ago, on
the 9th of February, 1863, that in all cases
where a vacancy existed which ijiight have been
filled by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate while it was in session, if the Pres-
ident afterward undertook to fill that vacancy,
the appointee should receive no salary until he
was confirmed by the Senate. That is one
case which is covered by the pending amend-
ment. This amendment, however, goes a little
further than the law of 1863, but not very much
further. What is there in it? A practice has
grown up, not under the present Executive
more, than under other Executives, of filling
offices, as I think, in violation of the spirit of
the Constitution, he doing it himself without
consulting the Senate when it is practicable to
consult the Senate. We tried to check this in
1863. Now, the provision that is offered is
simply that if a person is placed in office under
circumstances where it would have been prac-
ticable to have the advice and consent of the
Senate without their advice and consent, then
that person shall not be paid until tho Senate
consents to his appointment. When the Sen-
ate does consent he receives pay from the be-
ginning. If the Senate of the United States
were to adjourn on the 1st day of May, to-
morrow, and a person were appointed by the
President to an otlice which is vacant to-day,
he could not under this provision receive any
salary until the Senate met again next Decem-
ber and confirmed him; and why? Because
the President ought, under the Constitution, to
ha't e sent us the name of the person to fill that
office while we were liure and to have had our
advice and consent to his appointment.. If he
will not do that, the appointee must wait until
the Senate convene!! and gives its sanction to
the appointment, and then he will receive his
pay. There is no violation of any constitutional
provision in doing this. But it is said that an
officer may misbehave and the President ought
to have authority to remove him. He may in
using tho public money during the recess of
the Senate be guilty of some malfeasance,
and lie ought to be turned out. This provision
docs not interfere with that. Let the Presi-
dent suspend him and turn him out; let him
also, if you please, designate some other per-
son to fill the office until the Senate meets;
and all there is of it is that until that other
person is confirmed he will not be paid ; but
when he is confirmed he will be paid from the
beginning, [s there any haidship in it? It has
been suggested by some that the amendment
might be amended m that respect, so as to pro-
vide that in ease of a removal for cause, 1o bo
reported to the Senate when it assembled, tho
appointee should receive pay from the time
of the appointment. There perhaps would be
no very good objection to an amendment of
,that kind, though 1 do not deem it essential
or necessary, for I think there would be no
sort of difficulty in finding good men to take
any office and run the hazard of their con-
firmation by the Senate when tlu>y were ap-
pointed because the incumbent was unlit to
hold the otlice. There would be no hesitation
on the part of the Senate in confirming a per-
son appointed under such circumstances and
allowing him his pay. He would run no hazard
in taking the office; but if without cause, if
simply to put, into ofliec a partisan for party
purposes and to the detriment of the public
service, a removal is made, it, is very question-
able whether the appointee could or should be
confirmed or even receive any compensation.
Where the removal was for cause there would
be no difficulty.
That is all there is of this amendment. It
is no new provision, no attack upon the Execu-
tive, and i do not think it is likely to occasion
war with Austria. [Laughter.] I do not my-
self think that we should be diverted from
proper legislation by getting up any alarm of
that kind. The withdrawal of our minister
from Vienna or the withdrawal of the Aus-
trian minister from Washington I do not think
should prevent proper legislation on a subject
of this character, and I really do not know what
it has to do with the particular provision before
the Senate.
I cannot see, therefore, Mr. President, any
objection to the amendment. It seems to me
it involves no constitutional principle whatever.
AU there is of it is that it will have a tendency
to correct a practice which has been indulged
in without any design, probably, on the part of
former Presidents, and which 1 think ought to
be corrected. I think the tendency of the act
of 1863 was to correct a practice which was then
growing up. It attacked it. This is another
provision in the same direction covering what
is already covered by the act which I have read
and going a very little further, so as'to embrace
appointments to vacancies which are created
during the recess of the Senate. I trust, sir,
that tho amendment will receive th e sanction
of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I wish I
could see this matter as clearly, and perceive
the path of duty as easily as my friend from
Massachusetts and my friend from Illinois. I
should like very much to promote the manifest
object of the amendment,, to prevent removals
during the recess for political reasons. The
Constitution provides for two classes of ap-
pointments : one made during the session of
the Senate, which are of no validity until they
are sent to the Senate and confirmed. They
arc the classes of appointments referred to by
the law of 1868, a law that 1 remember very
well, and which grew out of abuse by the Ex-
ecutive of the constitutional power to appoint
to offiec. Whore a vacancy occurs during the
session of tho Senate, the appointment of the
President is of no validity and has no force
until it is sent to the Senate and is confirmed.
No accounting officer of the Treasury would
pay the salary from the time of the appoint-
ment until the confirmation, because the ap-
pointment only takes cffect from the confirma-
tion. Tho act of 1868 was simply declaratory
of the Constitution in that respect. I presume
it did not, change in the slightest degree either
the practice of the accounting officers or the
practice of the Government itself.
But, this amendment goes beyond that; it, in
cffect declares that tho President of the Uni-
ted States shall not remove anybody from
office duiing the vacation, except upon the
penalty that the successor shall get no pay
unless at the pleasure of the Senate ; that the
officer who may be appointed by the President
in case of a removal during the recess of the
Senate, shall perform the duties of his office
without, pay until the Senate confirms him, and
in ease the Senate refuses to confirm him that
he shall discharge the duties of his office with-
out pay at all. The Constitution provides that
" the President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during tho recess
of the Senate, by granting commissions which
shall expire at the end of their next session."
Now, let me take a ease, which I submit to the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee: sup-
pose that after the adjournment an officer of
the Government should become a defaulter,
and should be removed for defalcation, or for
eiime, and some one else should be appointed
in his place. That person thus appointed would
be a legal officer of the Government, just as
much so as the Senator from Illinois ; just as
nr li so as I am, just as much so as any officer
o ho Government, can be. Does he propose
to suy that this officer shall not receive any pay
whatever until, the Senate has confirmed the
appointment? Suppose the confirmation is
refused by the Senate: does the Senator mean
to say that officer shall receive no pay, although
thus confessedly legally appointed, unless the
Senate confirm him? The Constitution de-
clares that this appointment made during the
vacation is a legal, valid appointment which
shall last until the close of the following ses-
sion of the Senate. The officer is just as much
an officer when ho takes the oath of office un-
der that appointment as he would be after the
confirmation of the Senate in case ho had been
'appointed during the session of the Senate.
41)0 we say that we will not pay an officer for
his services during the time Tie confessedly
holds his office legally. That is the effect of
the amendment.
Mr. CLAllIC. That is excluded, as I un-
derstand.
Mr. S1IEUMAN. No, sir. I ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois if that jis not the legal effect
of the proposition. I should like to have him
state whether the effect of tho proposition is
not as I state. A removal occurs for cause,
say for defalcation, during the recess; the
vacancy occurs by removal for some good
cause, a cause that he concedes to be go<.-tl
