4198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Messrs. Humphrey and Pomeroy, are both
absent, and on general questions are paired.
If they were here 1 presume they would both
vote for this bill.
When the call of the roll had been concluded,
The SPEAKER, directing his name to be
called, voted "ay."
The result was then announced as above
stated.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported a bill to further regulate .the
printing of public documents and the purchase
of paper for the public printing; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
in the first section that hereafter it shall be the
duty of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
in place of the reports of the executive Depart-
ments ordered by the act of June 25, 18G4, to
cause to be printed and bound twenty-five hun-
dred copies of the annual reports of the exec-
utive Departments, with such accompanying
documents as the heads of those Departments
may respectively select, but not to exceed three
hundred pages, for the use of said Departments,
respectively.
The second section proposes to enact that
whenever papers relating to foreign affairs
shall bo communicated to Congress, accom-
panying the annual message of the President,
it shall be the duty of the Superintendent of
Public Printing to cause to be printed and
bound, in addition to the usual number, two
thousand copies for the use of the members of
the Senate, four thousand copies for the use
of the House, and twenty-five hundred copies
fin- the use of the State Department, in place
of the numbers ordered by the act of June 25,
IMi-l.
The third section provides that in the pub-
lication of the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, the detailed statement of offers for sup-
plies and of articles embraced in each class
under contract bo omitted, and in lieu thereof
the Secretary of the Navy .shall prepare and
submit with his report a schedule embracing
the offers by classes, indicating such as have
been accepted.
It is provided in the fourth section that it
shall be the duty of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, at the commencement of each ses-
sion of Congress, to submit to the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing, estimates of the quantity of
paper of all descriptions which will, in his opin-
ion, be required for the execution of the public
printing during the coming year. The Joint
Committee on Printing shall then fix upon a
standard of paper for the different descriptions
of congressional and executive printing, and it
shall be the duty of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, under the direction of the Joint
Committee on Printing, to advertise in only
two newspapers published in each of the cities
of New York, Cincinnati, Boston, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and Washington, for sealed propos-
als to furnish the Government of the United
States with paper of the quality and in the
quantity specified in tho advertisements, and it
shall be the duty of the Superintendent to fur-
nish samples of the standard papers adopted
by the committee to applicants therefor; such
sealed proposals to be opened before, and the
award of contracts to be made by, the Joint
Committee on Printing. It is provided that the
advertisement for sealed proposals for furnish-
ing paper shall designate the minimum portion
of each particular quality of paper required for
either three months, six months, or one year,
as the Joint Committee on Printing may deter-
mine; but wh^n the minimum portion so speci-
fied shall exceed in any case one thousand
reams, the advertisement shall state that pro-
posals will be received for one thousand reams
w ®orc. No proposals are to be considered
by the Joint Committee on Printing unless ac-
companied by satisfactory evidence that the
person or persons making such proposals are
manufacturers of ordealersinthe description of
paper which they propose to furnish. In award-
ing contracts an equitable period of time for
filling the same is to be designated and allowed
by the Joint Committee on Printing, without
whose approval no contract shall be valid. It
is to be the duty of the Superintendent of Public
Printing to include in his annual report to Con-
gress a detailed statement of all proposals made
and contracts entered into for the purchase of
paper.
The fifth scction proposes to enact that it
shall be the duty of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing to Compare every lot of paper de-
livered by any contractor with the standard of
quality, and also to see that it is of the weight
contracted for, and to refuse to accept any
paper from any contractor which does not con-
form to the standard of quality and is not of
the stipulated weight. In case of difference of
opinion between the Superintendent of Public
Printing and any contractor for paper with re-
spect to its quality, the matter of difference is
to be determined by the Joint Committee on
Printing. In default of any contractor to com-
ply with his contract in furnishing the paper
contracted for in the proper time and of proper
quality and weight, it is to be the duty of the
Superintendent of Public Printing to report
the same to the Joint Committee on Printing
if Congress is in session, or to the Secretary
of the Interior if during a recess of Congress,
and he shall, under the direction of the Joint
Committee on Printing or of the Secretary of
the Interior as the case may be, enter into a
new contract with the lowest and best bidder
for tho interests of the Government, among
those whose proposals were rejected at the last
opening of bids, or advertise for new proposals,
under the regulations before established; and
during the interval which may thus bo created,
he shall, under the direction of the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing or of the Secretary of the
Interior, as provided, purchase in open mar-
ket at the lowest market price, all such paper
necessary for the public service. For any in-
crease of cost to the Government in procuring
a supply of paper for the use of the Govern-
ment, the contractor or contractors in default
and his or their securities are to be charged
with and held responsible for the same, and
are to bo prosecuted upon their bond by the
Solicitor of the Treasury, in tho name of the
United States, in the circuit court of the United
States in the district in which the defaulting
contractor resides. To enable the Solicitor
to do so, it is made the duty of the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing to report to him
the default on its happening, with a full state-
ment of all the facts in the case. The Joint
Committee on Public Printing, or, during the
rocess'sof Congress, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, is authorized to empower the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing to make purchases
of paper, in open market, at the lowest market
price, whenever in their opinion the quantity
required is so small, or the want is so immedi-
ate, as not to justify advertisement for and
award of contract therefor.
The sixth section provides for the repeal of
all laws or parts of laws, joint resolutions or
parts of resolutions, conflicting with the above
provisions; and it provides also that the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing shall not print
any greater number of the reports herein named
unless otherwise directed by either House of
Congress.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to detain the House a single moment in the
discussion of this bill. It has been submitted
to the Joint Committee on Public Printing,
and meets their approval. It is also approved
by the Superintendent of Public Printing.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
lead a third tiroo j and being engrossed^ it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. LAhLTN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HOGAN. The Committee of Ways and
Means, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 324) entitled "An act for the relief of
John M. Avery," have directed me to leport
adversely upon it, and to move that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consider-
ation, the purpose sought having been accom-
plished by other means.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
laid upon the table.
Mr. HOGAN. I am also directed to report
back, with a similar recommendation, the bill
(H. R. No. 323) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved June
80, 1804.
The bill was laid on the table.
TAIUi'I? BILL
Mr. GARFIELD. I submit the following
report from a committee of confercnce.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committcc of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 780) to protect tho revenue, and for
other purposes, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh
amendments of tho Senate, and agree to the same.
That tho Senate recede from their eighth amend-
ment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
samo with tho following amendment: in line nine,
page 1 of the engrossed bill, strike out "$2 50" and
in lieu thereof insert "three dollars."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth amendment of tho Senate, and agree to the
same with tho following amendments: m line two of
said amendment strike out tho words " and directed,"
and in lino throe, afiei tho words "collection in." in-
sert the words " any of;" and the Senate agree to the
same. p FESSENDEN,
J. M. HOWARD,
J. B. HENDERSON.
Managers on thcrtart of the Senate.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
JOIIN HOGAN,
Manager 9 on the part of the Ilou^e.
Mr. GARFIELD. Most of the amendments
are verbal. Three of them make an addition
to tho bill by which trade between our own
Government and the republic of Mexico is
granted the same privileges and put upon the
same footing as the trade with our northern
neighbors.
The three leading points of difference between
the House and the Senate are in reference to
the second, ninth, and thirteenth sections. On
the second section, relating to cigars, the com-
mittee effected a compromise which will be
satisfactory, I think, to both Houses. The
House is asked to agree to the Senate amend-
ment ill consideration of raising the duty on
cigars from two dollars and a half to three dol-
lars. The ninth section provides that in deter-
mining the dutiable value of impoited merchan-
dise, there shall be added to the cost, or to the
actual wholesale price or general market value
at the time of exportation in the principal mar-
kets of the country from whence the same shall
have been imported into the United States, the
cost of transportation, shipment, and tranship-
ment, with all the expenses included from the
place of growth, production, or manufacture,
whether by land or water, to the vessel in which
shipment is made to the United States, &c.
The committee on the part of the House made
an earnest effort to save the section, but we
were reminded that it passed the House only
by the casting vote of the Speaker, and that it
was rejected by a nearly unanimous vote in the
Senate. The Senate committee believed that
it would be impossible to carry it through the
ocnate. The Senate recede from its disagree-
ment to the thirteenth section, which estab-
lishes a Bureau of Statistics in the Treasury
Department. Though I greatly regret the loss
of the ninth section, I hope the report will be
