3238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
to the service.they render. Ihope while others
are provided for these will not be overlooked.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is necessary that these
persons should be here at their post always.
We have to write for documents, books, and
special laws, and they get them and send them
to us.
Mr. ROLLINS. I desire to move to amend
the resolution.
Mr. MORRIS. I see that each gentleman
wishes to amend. As I stated before, I prefer
to let each case stand on its own merits.
Mr. ROLLINS. If the previous question is
voted down, I wish to refer the resolution to
the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. MORRIS. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. ROLLINS. I hope it will not be sus-
tained.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Morris and Rollins.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 48,
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ROLLINS. I now move to amend by
adding the following resolution, which has been
•agreed upon by the Committee of Accounts,
and on this I demand the previous question:
licsohcd, Tlnit fho compensation of John Bailey,
assistant<hsbursin£clcrk, be, and the sa.meis hereby,
increased and mado tho same as that of the Journal
clerk, beginning with the present Congress.
Mr. W1NF1ELD. I desire to make an in-
quiry. What has become of the resolution of
my colleague?
The SPEAKER. It is pending with this as
an amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment offered by Mr.
Roli.ixs was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution as amended.
Mr. TAYLOR. On that 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYES I.N FOLDING DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WINFIELD. I offer the following
resolution, and demand the previous question
upon it:
Resolved, That until further order the salary of tho
superintendent of tho spocch-folding department
and the book-keeperof the folding-room of the House
of Representatives shall be equal to that of the en-
rolling elerk of tho House, tocoiuineneo at tho begin-
ning of tho present fiscal year.
If the House will allow me I will make a
brief statement in reference to this resolution.
Mr. ROLLINS. I have no objection if I
can be allowed a word when tho gentleman is
through.
Mr. BALDWIN. I hope we will have no
debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. BaldwixJ objects.
Mr. BOtJTWELL. I would like to ask what
the pay which these officers receive is now,
and what it will be if this proposition prevails.
Mr. WINFIELD. Their pay at present is,
I understand, $1,200 for a full year's service.
This proposition is to increase their pay to
$1,800. _ ' 3
Oti seconding tho demand for the previous
question, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Win-field and Price.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WINFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Mr. COBB. On the motion to lay on the
table I demand the yeas and nays'.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The -motion to reconsider was then laid on
the table.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 57) for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Joshua D. Todd, late of
the United States Navy, deceased;
An act (S. No. 307) authorizing the resto-
ration of Commander Charles Hunter to the
Navy;
An act (S. No. 202) for the relief of Elisha
W. Dunn, a paymaster in the United States
Navy; and
An act (S. No. 360) to regulate the appoint-
ment of paymasters in the Navy, and explan-
atory of an act for the better organization of
the pay department of the Navy.
DISCONTINUANCE OI? A POST ltOUTE.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill to repeal an
act entitled " An act to establish a post route
from West Alburg, Vermont, to Champlain, in
the State of New York, and for other pur-
poses," approved May 21, 1865; which was
read a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
VENTILATION OF THE HOUSE HALL.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Bptolvcd, That tho Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds do requested to inquire into tho expe-
diency and practicability of improving the ventila-
tion of tho Hall of Representatives.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
PAY 01' A MESSENGER.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee of Accounts bo in-
structed to inquire into and report upon the expedi-
ency of increasing tho pay of the assistant messenger
connected with the House post office, so as to mako
it equal to tho pay of the Capitol police, after Janu-
ary 1, 1866.
PAY OK CHIEF CLEItK OI? THE HOUSE.
Mr. HOLMES offered the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resotued, That until further ordered the salary of
the Chief Clerk of the Houso be fixed at $3,000 per
annum, beginning with tho present fiscal year.
Mr. STEVENS. To whom does that refer?
Mr. HOLMES. To the Chief Clerk, Mr.
Lloyd.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the motion on
the table.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask what is the effect
of the resolution ; when the increased salary
will commcnce.
The SPEAKER. According to the terms
of the resolution it will commence with the
present fiscal year.
Mr. HALE. At what date will the increased
salary commence?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman knows
when the fiscal year will commence as well as
the Chair does,
Mr. FINCK. I wish to inquire what tlic
present salary is.
The SPEAKER, The Chair cannot answer
the question.
Mr. HOLMES. The salary is $2,150, a sal-
ary less than the other clerks receive.
The question was taken on Mr. Ross's
motion, and there were—ayes 30, noes 82 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. PIKE demanded the yeas and nays.
Tho yens and nays were ordered.
Hie question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 33, nays 73, riot voting
76 ; as follows :
TEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Baldwin,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Cobh, Cook, Oullom, Defrees,
(xlossbrenner, G-rider, Halo, Aaron Harding, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Laflin, Niblack, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Ritter,
Ross, Sawyer, Spalding, Taber, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, Trowbridge, and James F. "Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Boyer, Broomall, Buckland, Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Denison Donnelly, Driggst> Eldridgc, Far-
quhar,Finck, Garfield, Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Hen-
derson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, Lo Blond, Loan, Longyear, McClurg, Mc-
Kee, McRuer, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, MoiTlS,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, Plants, Price,
William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Stilwell,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wentwortb, Whaley, Ste-
phen P. Wilson. Winfield, and Woodbridge—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Banks, Barker, Bergen, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coffroth,
Conkling, Culver, Darling, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold, Harris,
Hart, mil, Hogan, Hotchkiss, James R. Hubbell,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jones. Kerr, Ketcham, Kuyken-
dall, William Lawrence, Lynch, Marshall, Marston,
Marvin, McCullough, Mclndoe, Mercur, Noell,
O'Neill, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Raymond, Rousseau, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sioan, Smith, Starr,
Struube, Thayer, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn. Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wasli-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Williams, Windom, and
Wright—76.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. IIOSS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABOLISHING THE MARINE CORPS.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs bo
directed to consider the expediency of abolishing tho
Marino corps, or transferring it to tho Army, and of
making provision for supplying such military force
as may at any time be needed in the Navy by details
from the Army.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question orderedj and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
INVASION OF VERMONT.
Mr. MORRILL introduced a joint resolution
to pay the State of Vermont the sum expended
for the protection of the frontier against the
invasion from Canada in 1864 ; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. MORRILL called the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay the State of Vermont
the sum that maybe found due, after the same
may have been audited by the proper officers
of the Treasury Department, expended by the
State of Vermont for the defense and protec-
tion of the frontier from invasion from Canada
in 1864 j provided that the amount to be so
audited and paid shall not exceed the sum
of $1G,463 81.
^ Mr. LE BLOND. We are unable on this
side to know any good reason for the passage
of this joint resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is debate in oi'der?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous
question having been seconded.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The question was taken; and there were
