1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4199
adopted as the best that is likely to be secured
at this late period of the session.
Mr. MOORIIEAD._ I rise for the purpose
of opposing the adoption of this report.
Mr. CfARFIELD. I will give the gentle-
man two minutes; I cannot give him more, for
the House must take its recess in five minutes
from this time.
Mr. MOOBHEAD. The ninth section is the
vital part of this bill. Without the ninth sec-
tion I would not give a straw for the bill. If
we strike that out, therefore, there is no use
in the bill at all. It provides for levying duty
on the article when put on shipboard, and is
a feeble approach to the principle of Mr. Clay
of having a home valuation. It is a feeble
effort, but it is an effort in the right direction.
I do not see why the House should back down
and yield to the Senate. It is said that it in-
terferes with the manufacture of coarse wools
in New England.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot yield any fur-
ther, as it is near the hour of recess. There
is much in the bill besides the ninth section
that ought to bo saved, and I hope we shall
not lose all in the effort to save a part 
Mr. MOOBHEAD. I hope the House will
vote this report down.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 55, not voting
82 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson. DelosR.
Ashley, Baker, Banks, Benjamin, Bergen, Boutwcll,
Cobb, Conkling, Cooper, Cullom, Dawes, Defroas,
Eliot, Eiiick,Gar field,Hogan, Holmes,Hooper,Hoteh-
kiss, Ingersoll, Keteham, Kuykendall, Lailin, Le
Blond, Leftwich, Lynch, Marston, McRuer, Morrill,
Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Paine, Perham, Price,
Alexander H. Bice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Ross,
Sawyer, Sohenck, Nelson Taylor, Robert T. Van
Horn, Wentworth, James I1. Wilson,and Windom—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Barker, Bingbam.Boyer,
Broomall, Buckland, Delo.no. Donnelly, Driggs, Du-
mont, Eckloy, Eggleston, Eldridge, Glossbrenner,
Abner 0. Harding, Higby, Chester D. Hubbaid,
John H. Hubbard, James It. Hubbell, Jenckes. John-
son, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Koontz, Latham, William
Lawrence, Maynard.McClurg, Jlercur, Miller. Moor-
head, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Patterson, Samuel J.
Randall, Rogers, Seotmld, Bhollabarger, Spalding,
Stevens, Stokes, Strousft, Tabor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Ward,
Welker, Wlialey, Williams, Stephen 1?. Wilson, and
"Wright—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Baxter, Beainan, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegce, Bronnvell, Uundy, Chanlev, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawson, Doming, Dcnison, Dixon, Dodge, Earns-
wol'th, Earquhar, Jycrry, Goodyear, tinder, Grin-
nell, Griswotd, Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart,
Haves. Henderson,Hill, Asahe! W. Hubbard, Deraas
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ilulburd, Humphrey,
Jones, Kasson, Kelso, George V. Lawrence, Loan,
Longyoar, Marshall, Marvin, McCullough, Mcln-
doe, McKoe, Morris, Moulton, Nocll, Phelps, Pike,
Plants, Pomoroy, Radford, William II. Randall,
Raymond, Ritter, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stilwcll, Thayer, I'Yaneis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Warner,
Elihu B. Wa^hburne. Henry D. AVashburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Winfield, and Woodbridge—82.
So the report of the committee of conference
was rejected.
During the vote, the liour of half past four
having arrived, the question was raised,_ and
the Speaker decided that when a call of the
roll had been commenced it could not be inter-
rupted until it had been concluded.
And then, agreeably to the order of the
House, at four o'clock and forty minutes p.
m., the House took a recess till seven o'clock
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The hour of half past seven o'clock p. m.
having arrive !, llie House resumed its session.
uhancii mist in montana.
Mr. McLAIN presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the Territory of Montana for the
establishment of a branch mint in the Territory
of Montana; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and ordered to be
printed.
southern boundary 03? montana.
Mr. McLAIN also presented the memorial
of the Legislature of the Territory of Montana
for the alteration and extension of the south-
ern boundary line of Montana; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Territories and
ordered to be printed.
protection 0? the revenue.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that the House still further
insist upon its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 780, to protect
the revenue, and for other purposes, and that
the House ask for another committee of con-
ference; and upon that I call the previous
question.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman
withdraw his call for the previous question
while I ask a question of the Chair?
Mr. MOORHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to ask the
Chair this question: if the House shall insist
upon its non-concurreucc in the amendments
of the Senate, and we send the bill back there
notifying the Senate of onr non-concurrence,
will not the responsibility of defeating the bill,
if it should be defeated, then rest upon the
Senate? I understand it will. Now, every-
body knows that the Senate dare not defeat
this bill. I believe if wo insist upon our non-
concurrence in the amendments of the Senate,
and do jiot ask for another committee of con-
ference, the Senate will either ask for a com-
mittee of conference themselves or they will
recede from their amendments. There are two
positions for us to take; and I think our first
position should be to notify the Senate that we
do not agree to the report of the committee of
conference, and there leave the matter; and
leave them to take the next step. And then
the responsibility of defeating this bill, if it is
defeated, will rest upon that body.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see how the respon-
sibility will be with the Senate any more than
with this body.
Mr. GARFIELD. Especially as this is a
House bill.
Mr. DAWES, If the bill is defeated, I think
the country will understand who is responsible
for it, without any ruling of the Chair upon the
subject.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] what
be understands to be the difference between
the two Houses.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the difference
to be that one House wants the ninth section,
and the other does not.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will give me his attention for a
few moments, I will tell him what I think the
issue is. As to the ninth section, I am willing
to vote for the bill with or without the ninth
section; I believe I have already voted for the
bill both ways.
Mr. DAWES. I also am willing to vote for
the bill with or without the ninth section.
Mr. WENTWORTH. As I'understand it,
the isssue is this : the House wants the wool
tariff to be collected upon principles which
should apply to all articles upon which there is
a tariff. But I understand there is a class of
men represented in the Senate who want every-
thing else protected but wool. Now if that is
the case, I want to say here that I am not for
any such compromise, I will go for the bill
with or without the ninth section ; but I do not
feel that it, is just longer to discriminate against
wool,
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand the
opposition to the bill, either with or without
the ninth section, to be discriminating against
wool. I heard the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wentworth] propose last night to emancipate
the wool-growers from the wool-manufacturers.
It occurred to me that if he should succeed in
doing so he would be in a curious position. I
want to know if he supposes the wool-growers
can got along without the wool-manulaeturers,
or the wool-manufacturers without the wool-
growers. The one ixthebreath, theatmosphere,
of the other; neither can live without the other.
And when my friend emancipates the wool-
growers from the wool-manufacturers he will
be about in the position of the darkey who
proposed totkeep store when everybody else in
the world was dead. [Laughter. ] Now, I sug-
gest to him that the only way is to take care
of them both.t And when he proposes to frame
a tariff bill in such a way that the wool-manu-
facturer cannot live, in order to protect the
wool-grower, he is at a kind of work I cannot
understand; I do not know how he will do it.
I suggest to him that the only way is for the
two to go hand in hand. Let the wool-manu-
facturer use what the wool-grower produces,
and let the wool-grower produce what the
wool-manufacturer wants to use.
Mr. WENTWORTH. My idea is this: that
the wool-manufacturer ought to give us the
protection on onr wool which we ourselves
ask, and that when you come to the protection
of the manufacturers, thoy shall dictate their
own terms. But when they try high duties for
themselves and low duties for us, then I say
it is time that we should emancipate ourselves.
That is what I mean.
J. fMUN'DW.S AND Tf. II. HALL.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Evolved, That JamcsSaundcrsandWilliamHenry
Hall be placed upon the roll and paid out of the con-
tingent fund thosnme compensation as other laborers
of the llou^o fiom the period at which they were
employed, and until otherwise ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
accounts of guokci'i n. carlton.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following report:
The Committee on Banking and Currency, to whom
was referred the report of the evidence obtained by H.
A. Risley, superintending special agent of the Treas-
ury Department, to investigate the accounts and offi-
cial transactions of George W. Carlton, late special
agent and acting surveyor of customs at Memphis,
Tennessee, and designated a depositary of public
money, report that there has not been time for a full
investigation of the subject: and they submit to the
Houso the accompanying papers which furnish oil the
information obtained by tho committee, with the
request that they be printed as part of this report.
The report, with the accompanying papers,
was laid 011 the table and ordered to be printed.
examination 01' imported merchandise.
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the Senate No.
31, entitled "An act to amend tho acts relating to
officers employed in. the examination of imported
merchandise in the district of New York/' attcr full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as lollows:
That the Senate agree t-o the first, second, third,
fourth, fifth, and eighth amendments, as made by the
House. *
That the Senate agree to the ninth amendment
made by the House, with the following amendment:
Insert after the word "inspectors," in the second line
of said amendment, tho words "of customs in any
collection distiict shall," ami that the House agree to
said amendment.
That, the House recede from the sixth and seventh
amendments made by them.  
That the bill bo amended bv adding thereto the
words "and for other purposes."
Z. CHANDLER,
E.D.MORGAN,
GEORGE READ KIDDLE,
3Ian<"7''ri on the pciti of the betto-te.
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
CHARLES O'NEILL,
WILLIAM RADEORD,
3Imiageys on the part of ike liouse.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EL'TOT moved to reconsider the vote by
■\vliicli 1 he report was ngroed to; ana also moved
that the motion to reconsider'iw laid on the
table. # ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
