1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2279
dent had the power to make the nomination by
virtue of the provisions of the Constitution;
that there.was no necessity for providing by
law that he should nominate; but that when a
law created an office under the United States
it was the duty of the President to make the
nomination, but the Senate must confirm it}
that the use of the words was mere surplus-
age; and the words were stricken out by a large
majority. But the important question then
arose; the proposition was made by Mr. Bland,
of Virginia, to strike out the ether words, "to
be removable by the President," and then
came the question. Mr. Madison upon that
point used the following words, and they are
much more clear aiul explicit than the words
he used afterward in his letter to Mr. Coles:
"Mr. Madison did not. concur with the gentleman
in bis interpretation of the Constitution. Whnt.Said
he, would bo the consequence of such construction ?
It would in effect establish every ofliccr of the Gov-
ernment on the firm tcnuroof good behavior; nottho*
heads of Departments only, but nil the interior offi-
cers of those Departments, would hold their oftiees
during good behavicv, and that to bo judged of by one
branch of the Legislature only on the impeachment
of the other. If the Constitution means this by its
declarations to be the case, wo must submit; but 1
should lament it as a fatal error interwoven in the
pystom, and one that would ultimately prove its
destruction. 1 think tho inference would not arise
from a fair construction of the words of that instru-
ment."
After a very long discussion, from which I
will read only a few extracts from the speech
of Mr. Gerry, who was also a member of the
Convention, it was decided by a very large ma-
jority that the power of removal should be given
to the President. I desire to refer to the re-
marks of Mr. Gerry on that occasion, lie
said:
"The Constitution provides for tho appointment
of the public ohicers in this manner: tho President
shall nominate, and by and with the nd\ ice and con-
sent of tho Senate, shall appoint embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and all other oliiceis of tho United States,
whoso appointments arc not heroin otherwise pio-
vided for, and which shall be established by law."
I call the attention of t he Senator from Mary-
land to this opinion of Mr. Gerry, which is
of almost as much value as the opinion of Mr.
Madison:
"Now, if there be no other clause respecting the
appointment, I shall be prlad to see how the heads of
Departments are to be removed by the President
alone. What clause is it that gives this power in
exprcsstcrins? I believe there is none such. If there
Is a power of removal, besides that by impeachment,
it raa&t vest somewhere. It must vest in the Presi-
dent, or in tho President and Senate, or iu the Pres-
ident, Senate, and Ilouee of .Representatives. Now,
there is no clause which expressly vests it m the Pres-
ident. I believe no gentleman contends it is in this
House, because that would bo that mingling of tho
ex^eutivoaud legislative powiM>thatgentlemcu dep-
recate. 1 presume, then, gentlemen will grant that
it there is such a power, it veMs> with the PrcMdent,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
who are the body that appoints. I think we ought
to be cautious how we step in between the President
and the Senate, to abridge the power of the one or
increase the other. Xf tho power of removal vests
where I suppose, we, by this declaration, undertake
to transfer it to thePresidentalone."
This proposition afterward went to the
Senate, and alter a discu^ion in the Senate
upon the points involved in it, it was decided
by the casting vote of the President of the Sen-
ate that the President of tho United States should
have the power of removal. What was it that
was decided? It was decided the law should
be so constructed in creating the Executive
Departments, presided over by the Secretary
of State, the Secretary of theTreasury, and the
Minister of War, that the President should at
his pleasure remove them. That was ail that
was determined.
Thequestion arose again, itwillberecollected,
in 18] 4, upon the appointment by Mr. Madison
of the commissioners to settle the terms of
peace with Great Britain. Mr. Madison, it
■will be remembered, made an appointment of
commissioners to go to Europe on the subject
of peace and to meet commissioners to be
appointed by Great Britain, without any law
or Congress whatever. A proposition was
offered in the Senate declaring that Mr. Mad-
ison had exceeded his powers on that subject,
and the question was discussed as to the power
of the President to make such appointments
without law. Although there was no positive
decision on the point, perhaps the better of the
argument was inasmuch as we were in a state
of war, even if the President had not the power
to appoint those commissioners under the clause
which we have been discussing here, namely,
that the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall appoint embas-
sadors, ministers, consuls, &c., he certainly
had the authority under the treaty-making
power.
The question came up again in 1827, and I
desire to refer to the opinions that were then
expressed. In 1827 the Senate appointed a
committee to examine into this subject. That
committee consisted of Mr. Benton, who was
the chairman, Mr. Macon, of North Carolina,
Mr. Van Buren, of New 1'ork, Mr. Dickerson,
of New Jersey, who was afterwards Secretary
of the Treasury, Mr. Johnson, of Kentucky,
Mr. White, of Tennessee, Mr. Holmes, of
Maine, Mr. Ilayne, of South Carolina, and Mr.
Finlav, of Pennsylvania. They investigated
the subject and made a report. The Senator
from Maryland has relied upon the opinions
of Mr. Madison. I do not desire to read the
whole of this leport, nor any very considerable
portion of it, but 1 will refer to a passage from
it in order to show the reasoning in favor of the
proposition that is now made by the Senator
from Illinois. They say:
"It is no longer true that the President, in deal-
ing out offices will bo limfted, as supposed in the
Federalist, to the inconsiderable number of places
which may become vacant by t Itc ordinary casualties
of death and resignation. On tho contrar.\, he mav
now draw for that purpose upon tho entire fund of
the executive patronage. Oonstiuelion and legiMa-
tion have uceoniph^hod this change. In the very first
year ot the Constitution a const i notion was put. upon
that instrument which enabled tho President to cre-
ate a* many vacancies as he pleased.''
Alluding to the construction to which I have
referied:
"In tho verv fust year of the Constitution a con-
st vuot ion was put upon that ins! rumenl which enabled
the President to cioate as ma.ny vacancies as he
pleased and any moment be thought proper. This
w.is eltecied by yielding to him the kingly prerogative
of dismissing officer without the iormality of a trial.
The authors of the Federalist had not foreseen this
construction. So far from it, they had asserted tho
contrary; i¥hd arguing logically that tho dismissing
power was pertmontto the appointing power, they
had maintained, in No. 77 of that standard vvoik"—
That is a number written by Mr. Hamilton,
because it is well known that Mr. Madison's
opinions were to tho contrary. From the very
origin of the Government down to the day of
his death, he held that the President had the
power of removal; but I must say, from an
examination of the opinions of the leading men
of that day, that Mr. Madison was almost, alone.
"They had maintained in No. 77 of that standard
work th.it if the consent of tho Senate was necessary
to appointment, their consent was necessary to dis-
mission trurn office; but this construct ion was over-
lulcd by the ih>t Couplers which was formed under
the Constitution : thcpowcrot disillusion was aban-
doned to the President alone ; and with the acquisi-
tion of this prci og<i t ive, the power and patronage of
the presidential office was increased to an indefinite
extent, and the argument of the Federalist against
the capacity of the Pi evident to coirupt. members of
Concrress founded on the small number ot places was
totally overthiown. So much for construction. Now
for the facts ot legislation: without going into an
enumeration of the statutes which unnecessarily in-
crease the executive patronage, the lour years'
appointment law will alone be mentioned; for this
single act'' + *«••• "places more offices at
tho command of the President than were known to
the Constitution at tho time of its adoption, and
is of itself amply sufficient to overthrow the whole
aigument used in the Federalist."
That was not the only time that this subject
was considered in Congress. I find that in
183-1 this question came up again. Mr. Clay,
on the 7th of March, 18J4. introduced into the
Senate some resolutions in regard to it. I
wish to direct the attention of the Senate to
those resolutions, and also to the opinion of
Mr. Clay, which I think is dispassionate and
correct. The first resolution was in these
words:
"t. ReiolwJ, That the Constitution of the United
States does not vest in the President power to re-
move at his pleasure officers under the Government
of the United States whos-.e offices have been estab-
lished by l.vw.
"2. Resolved, Thatin all cases of offiecs created by
law, the tenure of holding which is not prescribed
by tho Constitution, Congress is authorized by tlio
Constitution to prescribe tho tenure, terms, and eon*
ditions on which they are to bo holdcn."
Sustaining fully the view taken by my friend
from Ohio,^ [Mr. Siiermax.] The third reso-
lution was in these words:
"3. Resolved, That tho Committee on the Judiciary
bp instructed to inquire into tho expediency of pro-
viding by law that m all instances of appointment t6
office by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, other than diplomatic appoint-
ments"—
Of course, leaving the action taken by Mr.
Madison, in 1814, to stand as a valid action—
"tho power of removal shall be exercised only in
concurreneo with the Senate; and when the Senate
is not in session, that the President may suspend any
such officer, communicating his reasons for the sus-
pension to the Senate at its first succeeding session!
and if the Senate concur w.tli him, the ofliccr shall
bo removed; but if it do not couuurwith him, the
officer shall beiestorcdfco office.
"4. Jietohed, That tho Committeo on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of making provision by law for tho
appointment, oy and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, of all deputy postmasters whose an-
nual emoluments exceed a prescribed limit."
That was done afterward. I will now read
an extract from the remarks of Mr. Clay on
the subject. Upon the introduction of his res-
olutions, Mr. Clay said:
"Tho three first resolutions assumed that the Con-
stitution gave no power of removal from office by the
President of the United States at his pleasure, lie
was fitly aware that this power was conceded to the
President by the first Congress which sat under the
Constitution."
Alluding, of course, to the proceedings to
which I have referred.
" Put since that period, except in an incidental dis-
cussion here four or live years ago, it has never been
di^cuhscd in Congress."
Alluding to the discussion upon the report
of Mr. Benton in 1827.
" He had carctully looked into the Constitution, as
it related to the power ot removal 111 the President,
and the result was that, the power was not reposed in
the Piesidont in the instance indicated m the reso-
lutions. lie believed the as-criion of tho power by
the First (Jonpress was improvident, and not the least
reason for this opinion was the confidence which that
Congress reposed in the wisdom, the prudence, and
the patriotism of the fiist President, the Father of his
Country."
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Clay had no such con-
fidence in General Jackson.
Mr. 1IENTDEUS0X. I am aware that the
Senator will find some excuse for the opinions
of Mr. Clay; but Mr. Clay was not alone at
that period of time. Mr. Benton, himself, at
tho time these resolutions were offered, although
he claimed to be the champion of the Adminis-
tration of General Jackson, did not undertake
to answer the icpotfc which lie himself had
made in 1827, which I have just read to the
Senate. The Senator from Maryland will of
course answer me that Mr. Adams was at that
time President; but it was not disputed ia
183-1 that the report made by the leaders of the
Democratic party in 1827 was not the true doc-
trine. 1 will refer the Senator to the opinions
of Mr. Calhoun, in a speech delivered in Feb-
ruary, 18o5? which he will find in the second
volume of Mr. Calhoun's Works. However
much he may say that Mr. Calhoun was opposed
to the Administration, and that his constitu-
tional argument may have proceeded from a
dislike of General Jackson, and whatever may
be the Senator's feelings toward Mr. Johnson,
the present President, and his desire to sustaiu
him in this matter, yet I apprehend, when I
read a short extract from this constitutional
view taken by Mr. Calhoun, he will find it
much more difficult to answer Mr. Calhoun's
arguments than he does to say something in
favor of Mr. Johnson. L call the attention of
the Senator from Maryland to this argument
of Mr. Calhoun. It is put much better than I
could possibly put it. I will read a .short
extract from it. It seems to me it is perfectly
conclusive:
"If the powcrto dismiss is possessed by the Ex-
ecutive, he must hold it in one of two modes: either
by an express grant of the power in the t-onstitution,
or as a power necessary and proper to execute soma
power cxmessly granted by that instrument. AIL
the powers under the Constitution may be classed
under one or the other of these heads; there is no
intermediate class. The.first question then is, has
the President th© power in question by any express
