1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
sent of their respective Legislatures and nearly
their entire population in the rebel congress.
Representation there was ouly one evidence of
their disloyalty and unfitness fur representa-
tion here. At the last session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, this House without division
passed a resolution declaring that they were not
entitled to participate in the election of Presi-
dent. and Vicc President. Have the sentiments
of the people of these States changed since that
vote was taken ? Where is the evidence of Mich
change and of their present, loyalty? Do yon
point to the adoption by their Legislatures of
the constitutional amendment abolishing sla-
very'' Governor Humphreys, in his message,
says it was forced upon them by Federal bayo-
ne'ls. The plea of action under duress is al-
ready made in sonic quarters and a conditional
ratification is attempted in others. Are we to
assume that these Legislatures, elected as ihey
were. represent a majority of the people of their
respective States ; and that they will not be en-
tirely repudiated by the people and their acts
declared usurpations? Who can assure us that
these mushroom governments that have grown
up in a night in the hot-bed of executive influ-
ence can stand one hour of solar heat aud light?
Above all. who can satisfy us that there is a
majority of loyal men in any one of those Suites
ready aud willing and able to sustain a loyal
government. A loyal people and a loval gov-
ernment must exist in all cases as the founda-
tion of the rig!it to representation.
But it is asked, and with great force and by
men whose opinions are entitled to considera-
tion and respect, why not admit loyal men
from these States who are claiming seats in this
House? I hope the time is not distant when
we shall find such a state of facts existing in
some of these States as will justify their admis-
sion. No one can be more anxious than 1 am
to see the time when we shall be honored by
the presence as members of this House of some
of the loyal men from those States. I know
their trials, strugales, and sacrifices for the
Union, and'that their loyalty was unquestioned
when secession and treason swept over their
States and strong men bowed before the storm.
I give them all honor for their fidelity and
courage. But there is a question of principle
involved in the admission of representative^ as
loval as the best of them that we must not over-
look. It is not merely loyal representatives
that we want, but loyal constituencies behind
them. Are the States tliey claim to represent
loyal to-day, and were they so when they ncie
elected? Have the loyal people of eiilier of
these States the power to sustain a State gov-
ernment without the aid of Federal bayonets?
Can they li\ e to-day in safety in either of these
States if the Unit.-il States Government with-
draws its protection? Is not hostility to the
Government as wide spread and unjieluing as
during the palmy days of the, rebellion; and as
soon as the United States Army is witharnwn
will not the State governments pass into the
lrands of disloyal men who are waiting pnlv for
this last and full recognition of their rishls to
wipe oat, by unfriendly legislation or otherwise,
every person, white as well as black, suspected
of unconditional loyalty to the General Gov-
ernment?
The battle-fields of those States are covered
with the sacred a dies of men who left then-
homes in northern and loyal States and laid
down their lives that this Government might
be preserved, and with it the power to protect
loyal men everywhere, in defense of that Gov-
ernment, theyinarched down to tlie harvest of
death side by side with loyal men from south-
ern States, meeting a common enemy and
finding a common grave. The sons and brothers
of vour constituents and mine. Mr. Speaker,
arc' sleeping there the sleep that knows no
wakino-. The sacrifice required was great, but
it was freely made. We bound the fillets
around their temples aud laid them upon the
altar. Do not ask us, before the grass has grown
upon the grave of the nation's dead, to ta ve a
course that may compel us to repent the awfn
sacrifice. You must liotrequirc it at our hands.
"We cannot afford to give up the control of this
Government to rebels and rebel sympathizers
to be used in crushing out loyal men. I fear
if it is now surrendered that very soon we shall_
again hear from the loyal people in each of
these States the Macedonian cry, "Comeover
and help us." We have a higher duty to per-
form than merely to gratify political or personal
friends hero or elsewhere. We owe a duty to
our country and the men who have laid their
lives and treasure upon their country's altar,
that requires us to see that so much blood and
treasure shall not be spent in vain.
The presence of United States soldiers all
over the South is conclusive evidence, if any
were needed, that the President does not believe
that civil governments could be maintained
without tlicm. The report of Major General
Carl Schuiv, shows an entire want of loyalty in
these Stales. And Lieutenant General Grant,
m his report made at the same time, says;
"I did not meet anyone, cither those lioldin? places
under the (-rovcrnnieni or citizen? of the southern
S*t ates, who think it piaeticahle to withdraw the,mili-
tary fiom the South at present. The white and the
black nuituallyiequire the protection of the Gencial
Government."
The Attorney General of the United States,
in a letter sent to the Senate by the President
on the 10th of January last, and which of course
has the approval of the President, says '-a state
of war still exists over the territory in rebellion,"
and that "peaceful relations between the Gov-
ernment and the States have not been restored."
It is ouly necessary, in addition, to refer to the
infamous legislation cnaetcd by the Legislatures
of many of these reconstructed States, and the
evidence taken before the joint committee of
Congress at the present session aud recently re-
ported to this House, to show how wide spread
and universal is the feeling of hostility to the ,
General Governmenl in most if not all ot thot,e j
States. Who, under such circumstances, can j
consistently with hisduty to a loyal constituency i
vote to recognize as reconstructed, with_the ,
right of representation in the national ^Legisla-
ture. States that, in addition to all this, select,
men to represent them wlio liavo distinguished
themselves in the service of the rebellion, and
who have held some of the highest offices m the
government organized to secure its success? I
cannot do it, and 1 am glad of an opportunity
to say in this connection that no person, with
my consent, shall ever hold office under the
Government of the United States who has in
any wav voluntarily aided the rebellion. _
Before admitting these States to a participa-
tion in the law-making power of the Govern-
ment. we must, in the languageof Vattcl, above
referred to. do ourselves justice and render
them "incapable .of doing mischicf witn the
same case in future." We must do justice to
the public creditor who has furnished the Gov-
ernment the means to carry on this war and
give him assurance doubly sure that come what
may, the debt created for that purpose shall
be "paid to the "uttermost farthing.'' The
debt created to aid the rebellion must be repu-
diated and with it the political heresies that
engendered the war. Ileprcsentation and the
ballot must go hand in hand, and the fulfill-
ment of the pledges to the frcedmen msde in
the emancipation proclamation must be placed
beyond any contingency.
President Johnson in his annual message
savs if is " not too much to ask of these States ,
thatthev should ratify the constitutional amend- |
incut abolishing shivery as a_ pledge of per- ,
petual loyalty and peace."' If this may be le- ;
quired by tlie President, may not something j
be asked'by Congress looking to the same ob- !
ject, ''perpetual loyalty and peace ?" _ Let mo
refer onee more to Vattel on this subject. At
page ti'Jl ho says ;
"it has been observed that we may he obliged, if
not externally, yet in conscience, and by the law-* ot
equity, to restoie to a third party the booty we na\ e
secured outof the hands of an enemy who lias taken
it from lmn in an nn.i u:-i war. /the obligation is mors
certain and more extensive wito regard to a people
whom our eneinv has unjustly oppressed. 1' or a peo-
ple thus spoiled of their liberty never renounce the
hone of reeoi cring it. If they have not voluntarily
incorporated themselves with theState by which they
have been subdued, if they have not freely aidcdlum
in the war against us, v;e certainly oasht.so to useour
victory as not merely to give-them anew master, but
to break their chains. To deliver an oppressed poo-
pie is a nob to fruit of victory. I lis avatuabtoadvaa- :
tago gained thus to acquire a faithful friend." - t,
How beautifully the dictates of international
law harmonize with our duty to theireedmaJi. -
"To deliver an oppressed people is a noble-,
fruit of victory.'' i'hese people are nominally
free, but really slaves^ We must, in tbe lan-
guage of the emancipation proclamation, " rec-
ognize and maintain their freedom." This du^y,
repudiated elsewhere, appeals to us with a.
double power. Whatever others may do, we
must neither hesitate nor turn back from its
full performance. By us it must neither be
repudiated, evaded, or compromised. The right
of these people to life, liberty, and the pursuit*
of happiness, to protection of person and prop-,
erty, to equal and exact justice and privileges
before the law, and in all courts and proceed-
ings, must be freely conceded aud amply guar-
antied. When these things shall be done, and
the rebellion suppressed in fact as well as name j
when loyalty shall be the rule instead of the
exception ; "when the States lately in rebellion
shall recognize and enforce the great truths of
the Declaration of Independence, and guar-
anty to all their people, without distinction of
race or color, the blessings and privileges of
free governments, then will our Government
have reached the position designed for it by its
founders; then will it have fully entered upon
that mission of beneficence and justice-which is
to regenerate a continent and bless the world.
And then, and not till then, can we truly say,
it is well with us and well with our country.
leave op absence.
Mr. IITLL obtained the floor and stated that
he desired leave of absence for his colleague,
Sir. Washburn*, of Indiana
Leave was accordingly granted.
Mr. GTUXN ELL. With the consent of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Him,] I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Tlie motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The followine petitions, &e.. were presented under
the rule and referred to appropriate committees;
liv Mr. BALDWIN ; ahe petition ot the Worcester
Mechanics' Savings Bank, of Worcester, Massachu-
setts, for relief irom the tax on deposits m savings
Also, the petition of the Xoytb Brookfield Savings
Bank, of North Brookfield, Massachusetts, to the
8A]Jv lUr^BEAMA JT; A communication from the
Board of Tiodc of the city of Detroit, recommending
that, Comsrcss make such appropriation as may be
necessary to pay the expenses of transportation of
articles lor exhibition to Parisandbuck, on the occa-
sion of the Universal Exposition to be opened ia
15llv%?r.^nXDY:'Tho petition of William Cham-
berlain, and U5 others, citizens of \ inton and Meigs
counties, Ohio, for a post route from Uftmden, in
Vmton county, via liable 1 mnace, AVilkesviUe, and
ItnHand, to Middleport, in Meigs county, Ohio -
By Mr Mi'KlCH: A petition of soldiers and citi-
zens of Kentucky, asking an equalization ot boun-
11 Bv Mr. LOMGYEAR: Tlie petition of A. IT. Hart,
and others, of Lansing Michigan, askine tor an ex-
tension of the land Efant (o the Amboy, Lansing ind.
Traverse Bay Railroad Company, ni the btate ot
Mfiso!the petition ot ft. J. Bell, and others, of "Wind-
sor, Baton county. .Michigan, for the same purposo.
IS SENATE.
Moxdat, March 12,1860.
Prayer bv the Chaplain. Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of Friday last. „
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. HEXDRICKS. Why?
Mr GRIMES. It is very long; there are
many yeas and nays; it covers thirty pages, and
will consume a jjreat deal ot time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
in0, can be dispensed with by imavninoiis consent
only, as the rule requires the reading of the
Journal. No objection "being made, the reading
is dispensed with.
