4200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
land-grant railroad in oregon'.
Mr. McRUER. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Public Lands
Senate bill No. G2, entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military road from Eugene City to the eastern
boundary of said State.' "
Mr. ALLEY. Let the bill be r ad.
The bill, which was read, provides that an
act granting lands to Oregon, to aid in the con-
struction of a military road fron^ Eugene City
to the eastern boundary of the State, be amended
as follows:
That there be, and is hereby, granted to said State,
for the purposes aforesaid, such odd sections or parts
of odd sections, not reserved or otherwise legally ap-
propriated, within six miles on each side of said road,
to be.selected by the surveyor general of said State,
as shall be sufficient to supply any deficiency in the
quantity of said grant as described, occasioned by
any lands sold or reserved, or to which the rights of
preemption or homestead have attached, or which
for any reason were not subject to said grant within
tho limits designated in said act.
Mr. ALLEY. I object.
Mr. McRUER. I think the gentleman will
not persist in his objection when he hears a
brief explanation. There is no grant of land
in this bill. By the previous legislation of
Congress there was a grant of three sections
per mile to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary road. This merely provides that where
the land cannot be found within throe miles
of the road, the company may go three miles
further.
Mr. ALLEY. I must object.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn,
when
Mr. SPALDING renewed the objection.
LEWIS v. FIX.
Mr. SIIELLABARGEE. T ask unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution for the
relief of Lewis F. Fix.
The joint resolution, which was read for in-
formation, proposes to direct the accounting
oflicers of the United States to pay to Lewi's
F. Fix, of Ohio, the pay and emoluments of a
lieutenant colonel ot infantry for services as
an ollicor of that rank, from March 1, 185,),
to July 2!i, 1805.
Mr. SI1ELLABAUGER. This bill is for
the relic! o 1 a loyal German, who went to Ihe
war and was wounded so severely that he could
no longer discharge his duties in line. He was
appointed by Governor Fletcher, of Missouri,
to the position indicated in the resolution ; and
in that capacity ho served several months on
the staff of General Dodge, of Missouri. The
appointment, being made by a Governor, was
technically not legal. But the services were
rendered ; they are recognized by tho Govern-
ment of the United States as proper to be paid ;
and the only reason why they are not paid is
the technical defect in the appointment. Tho
claim has been before the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and is approved by that commit-
tee, who are prepared to report in its favor-;
but I have thought it best to introduce the hill
* this evening.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
CHARLES YOULliY.
Mr. VAN AEIINAM asked and obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
the papers of Charles Youley, an applicant for
a pension.
*
taxation of united states 0ffice11s.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, i'or action at the present time, joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 155) to prevent the further
enforcement of the joint resolution No. 77, ap-
proved July 4, 1804, against officers and sol-
diers of the United States who have been hon-
orably discharged, so as to relieve them from
the further payment of tl, e special five per cent,
income tax imposed thereby.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
CLERK OF COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution ; which was
referred, under the rule, to the Committee of
Accounts:
Resolved, That the compensation of the clerk of
the Committee on Commerce be fixed at the same
rate as that of the clerk to the Committee on Public
Lands, to commence from the first day of the present
session of Congress.
rebecca j. siieppard.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill for the relief of Rebecca J.
Sheppard.
Mr. WARD. I object.
protection op the revenue'—-again.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now renew my mo-
tion that the House insist on its disagreement
to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 780) entitled "An act to protect
the revenue, and for other purposes," and ask
for another committee of conference. On that
motion I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Moorhead was
agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sufferers by portland fire.
Mr. ALLISON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back, with an amendment,
joint resolution (S. No. 131) for the temporary
relief of the sufferers by the late fire in Port-
land, in the State of Maine.
The amendment, which was read, was to
strike out in line seven tho word "or" and
insert "and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, read the third lime, and passed.
relief of drafted men.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask unanimous conscnt
to report from the Committee on Military
Affairs a bill for the relief of certain drafted
men.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be reported.
The bill, which was read, proposes to direct
tho Secretary of War to refund $300 to each
person who paid that amount as commutation
under the calls of the President of the United
Stales of February 1, 1804, and March 14,
1804, and was again drafted under the call of
December 19, 1804, and required to enter the
service or furnish a substitute. It is provided
that the total payments under this authority
shall not exceed the sum of $60,000. Tho sec-
ond section proposes to require the Secretary
of War to refund from the commutation money
an amount not exceeding $300 to each person
drafted during the late war who furnished a
substitute or paid commutation money when
lie was not legally liable to draft or was right-
fully exempt from personal service under the
decisions and rules of the War Department.
The provisions of the act arc to apply only to
claims received at the War Department prior
to its passage.
Mr. WAltD. I desire to inquire how much
money this will take.
Mr. ANCONA. It is provided in the bill
that the amount shall not exceed $60,000.
Mr. WARD. Has not this or a similar bill
been reported to the House?
Mr. ANCONA. It has not.
Mr. WARD. It looks to me like an old ac-
quaintance. It seems to be one of the claims
presented to tho Committee of Claims, and
which were rejected by them. In the opinion
of the committee, it would be dangerous to
establish this class of claims.
Mr. ANCONA. The gentleman is mistaken
as to the character of this bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. If this bill is to pass this
House or this Congress, it is because it is just
and well founded on a correct principle; but
to declare that all who have made this payment
shall have refunded to them S300 each, and yet
that the whole sum to be distributed shall not
exceed the amount here prescribed renders
the law nugatory and void. If there are more
claimants than the fund will justify in making
payment to, the question will naturally arise on
the part of the proper officer of the Govern-
ment, who shall be paid and who shall remain
unpaid ?
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that this is an appropriation
bill, and under the rules must have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It is now too late to
make the point. It should have been made
when tlie bill was first considered.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
30, noes CO ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ancoxa, and
Mr. Taylor of New York, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. ANCONA withdrew the call for the
division, and also withdrew the bill.
widows ob revolutionary soldiers.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions a joint resolution providing that the
pension of widows of revolutionary soldiers,
whose names are now on the pension-roll, and
who were married to revolutionary soldiers
prior to January 1, 1800, shall be increased to
the same rate that the deceased soldiers would
be entitled to under existing laws, if now living,
such increase to be paid from the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1805.
There was no objection, and the joint reso-
lution was received and read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed; it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT BALDWIN.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Public
Lands House bill No. 093, for the relief of
Robert Baldwin. It is merely in reference to
a land warrant lost through the mails.
The bill was received, ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The House then proceeded to the regular
order, being business on the Speaker's table.
wearing of sheath knives.
The first business in order on the Speaker's
table was Senate bill No. 334, to prevent the
wearingof sheath knives by American seamen:
which was read a first and second time.
Ihe bill provides that the existing regulation
for the government of the Navy of the United
States, prohibiting the wearing of sheath knives
on shipboard, shall be extended and made ap-
plicable to all seamen in the merchant service}
and that it shall be the duty^of the master or
other officer in command of any ship or vessel
registered, enrolled, or licensed under the laws
of the United States, and of the owner or other
person entering into contract for the employ-
ment of a seaman or other subordinate upon
any such ship or vesselj to inform every persou
