3240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
different state of circumstances may arise, in-
asmuch as the money was taken through the
remissness or fault of the Government.
Mr. MORRILL. As there seems to be some
opposition I will withdraw it for the present
for the purpose of modifying it.
TELEGRAPH FROM CALIFORNIA TO IDAHO.
Mr. ROLLINS,, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to encourage the construction
of a telegraph line between the State of Cali-
fornia and the Territory of Idaho ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
EXPORT TAX ON COTTON.
Mr. STEVENS. In pursuance of unani-
mous consent previously granted, I introduce
the following concurrent resolution :
Be it resolved by the House of Representative?, (the
Senate concurring,) That the following article be pro-
posed to the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, which, when rat-
ified by three fourths of the States, shall be valid:
Article—. Congress shall havo power to lay an
export duty or tax on cotton exported from, tlio
United States.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, and the question was on ordering
it to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. LE BLOND. ITow docs this conic in?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
granted during the morning hour. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and
his colleagues [Mr. Ancona and Mr. Miller]
asked unanimous consent to offer resolutions.
The Chair stated that, it was unusual; but unan-
imous consent being given the gentlemen re-
served the right to offer their resolutions at any
time during the day.
Mr. ROGERS. I think ilie same resolution
has already been ret'ened to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. STEVENS. This lias never been re-
ferred before.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman will
not press this to a vote at this time. It em-
braces a very important feature in the exports
of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. In answer to the gentle-
man I will state that live months ago I offered
such a resolution, and it has gone to the tomb
of the Capulets ; and now I want to take the
sense of the House on this question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to slate,
in answer to what the gentleman lrom Penn-
sylvania says, that he did some five mouths ago
introduce a resolution similar in its terms to
this, but. not confined to an export duty on cot-
ton. It was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and the committee were not able to
agree on reporting it. But some time sinqe the
gentleman i'rom Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
introduced a resolution in terms, I believe, the
same as tlio one now ponding before the House,
and that was referred to the same committee.
Since that time the committee have had no
opportunity whatever to report. It has not
been called for some three or four months, and
therefore we have not been able to report any-
thing to the House on that subject or any other.
Mr. STEVENS. T am finding no fault with
the action of the committee. I know the first
resolution which I offered was not confined to
cotton. I therefore desire to confine it now to
that single article and see whether the House
will concur in it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
This proposition, as I understand, affects the
export duty on cotton alone. Now, sir, it is a
question worthy of consideration whether we
are prepared at this time to tax an article of
this kind.
Mr. STEVENS. This is an argument, and
I do not propose to debate it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to make a sug-
gestion in regard to an amendment. In every
constitutional amendment that wa- have yet
passed or introduced there has been a provision
for referring it for ratification to the Legisla-
tures of the several States. Now, I suggest
that this be amended by providing for a con-
vention of the States for the express purpose
of ratifying or rejecting the amendment. The
reason is obvious why this should be done.
This Congress was elected at a time when our
country was in a state of war.
Mr. STEVENS. ~ *
man-
Mr. LE BLOND,
me one moment?
Mr. STEVENS.
I understand the gentle-
Will the gentleman allow
I will insert the words
when ratified by the Legislatures of three
fourths of the States."
Mr. LE BLOND. That is not the point.
That is just what I do not want.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has a right to modify his resolution
before the vote is taken.
Mr. LE BLOND. Of course; very good.
Mr. STEVENS. As the gentleman and my-
self cannot agree, which is very strange, there
is no necessity for further delay.
Mr. LE BLOND. It is not at all strange.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania declines to yield further.
Mr. LE BLOND. _ Well, Mr. Speaker, the
previous question having been seconded, I shall
objsct to any modification being made.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not yet been seconded, and the gentleman has
a right to modify it previous to action.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether lie intends to
allow any debate on this resolution after the
previous question shall have been seconded, or
whether he intends to bring the House to a vote
without any debate whatever.
Mr. STEVENS. If the House agrees with
me, I shall ask a vote upon the resolution. I
do not believe anybody wants to debate it ex-
cept for purposes of delay. I shall, therefore,
ask a vote.
The question was put on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and there
were—ayes 43; noes 3!); no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Stevens
and Ln Blond were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 43.
'So tlio previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put, being upon agreeing to the concurrent
resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Are not the yeas and
nays required on that vote?
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays must
be taken. It requires a two-thirds vote to amend
the Constitution.
The concurrent resolution was again read.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled the
following bills; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (II. R. No. 85) for the disposal of
the public lands for homestead actual settle-
ment in the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida; and
An act (II. R. No. 482) to incorporate the
Howard Institute and Home of the District of
Columbia.
MESSAGE lfRO.H THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, commu-
nicated to the House sundry messagesin writing.
The message further informed the House that
the President had approved and signed bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles:
_ An aet (H. R. No. 11) to facilitate commer-
cial, postal, and military communication among
the several States:
An act (H. R. No. 106) to provide for the set-
tlement of accounts of certain public officers;
An act (H. R. No. G21) to regulate and se-
( cure the safe-keeping of public money intrusted
i to disbursing officers of the United States ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 134) relative to
appointments to the Military Academy of the
IJnited States.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
'House to the.bill of the Senate (S. No. 230) to
reimburse the State of West Virginia for mon-
eys expended for the United States in enroll-
ing, equipping, and paying military forces to
aid in suppressing the rebellion.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had adopted a resolution pro-
viding "that there be printed for the use of the
members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress the
reports of Major Generals William T. Sherman,
George H. Thomas, John Pope, J. G. Foster,
A. Pleasonlon, and E. A. Hitchcock, made to
the joint committee on the conduct of the war,
together with such other reports as may be
received by the commencement of the next
session of Congress, the same number and in
the. same style as were printed of the reports
heretofore made by said committeein which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution
and bills of the following titles, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 104) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
American registers to the barks Marget and
Golden FIcgcg *
An act (S. No. 283) for the relief of Edward
St. Clair Clarke ; and
An act (S. No. 873) releasing to Francis S.
Lyons the interest of the United States in
certain lands.
EXPORT DUTY ON COTTON AGAIN.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to offer an amendment
to strike out a few words from his resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded, and the main question
ordered, the resolution can only be amended
by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent, then, to strike out the words "on cotton."
I think we ought not to single out one article,
but either add others or leave it open entirely
for the action of Congress.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was sec-
onded.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
27, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Schenck
and Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 10, noes 55.
So the motion to reconsider was lost.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
agreeing to the concurrent resolution. A two-
thirds vote being required by the Constitution,
the question will be taken by yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 61, not voting
02; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Banks, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Blaine, Bromwell,
Broomall, Bundy, Oobb, Cook, Cullom, Donnelly,
Dl'iggs, Dumont, Eliot, Ferry, Henderson, Iligby,
Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard, Dermis Hubbard, John
II. Hubbard, Julian, lielley, Itelso, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Longycar, McClurg, McKee, Miller,
Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Orth, Perham, Plants, Price,
John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Spalding, Stevens,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Ward, Warner,
AV'illin.m B. Washburn, Welker, Wontworth, James
P. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—59.
IS AYS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Bingham, Boutwell, Boycr, Buekland, CoiFroth,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Denison, Eldridge,
Farquhar, Finck, Garfield,Glossbrenner, Hale, Aaron
Haiding, Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Hogan, Hooper,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Kasson, Kerr, Keteham, Kuy-
kendall, Latham, Le Blond. Marshall, Marston,
Marvin, McRuer, Morris, Newell, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Paine, Pike, Pomeroy, William II. Randal], Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, Eitter, Rogers, Schenok,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Taber, Taylor,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Tbornten, Trim-
