1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
midst so excluded from the social pale as to
become a stagnant, seething, miasmatic, moral
cesspool in the community. Human nature
cannot improve without the moral incentive
of hope in a human future." The policy of
education, of moral development, can alone
secure the just rights and the highest good of
all races; and if the rulers Of other countries
were wise, they would apply this truth in deal-
ing with theirdiscontentcd anddangerous popu-
lation. "Each class in England," says the
Westminster Review, " as it has, by the natural
progress of civilization, in time advanced to a'
consciousness of its own condition, and a com-
parison between itself and others, has in turn
demanded to be admitted to a share in the
Government. Each in turn has been admit-
ted, and the country has grown more and
more powerful, and the population more con-
tented, as the basis of freedom has gone down
lower and spread out wider.'' Sir, I trust this
lesson of English history, slowly evolved, and
now held up to us by English radicals, will not
be slighted in dealing with the question of ne-
gro enfranchisement in our own country.
Mr. Speaker, if it shall be objected that the
negroes of this District are not fit to vote; that
they are too ignorant and degraded to be in-
trusted with power, I have several replies to
make.
In the first place, the negroes of this District
are not all ignorant, as I have already shown
by facts. Many of them are educated and
quite intelligent. The larger class who are not
so will not suffer by a comparison with the
very large class of their ignorant white neigh-
bors. The "rounders" and ruffians who in-
stigate mobs against harmless and peaceable
colored people, and then publish their deeds as
a negro insurrection, and who have probably
been on the side of the rebels, in sympathy or in
fact, during the tihole of the war, are not
the most fit men in the world for the ballot.
They vote, and there is no proposition from any
quarter to disfranchise them. The policy of
Massachusetts, referred to yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] would leave
them untouched. I commend this fact to all
the fair-minded opponents of negro suffrage.
In the next place, fitness is a relative term.
Nobody is perfectly fit to vote, because nobody
is perfectly informed as to all the subjects of
our legislation and policy. Of the millions in
our land who regularly go to the polls and pass
upon the gravest questions, how many could
stand even a tolerable examination on political
economy, or constitutional law, or political eth-
ics? How many men of good sense and fair in-
telligence could give a well-defined reason even
for some of their most decided opinions? The
truth is, all men are more or less unfit to vote,
as all men are more or less unfit to discharge
all their duties, civil, social, religious, or what
not. The political opinions and actions of the
generality of men, who in a free country govern,
are not guided by logic, or any exact knowledge,
but by habit and tradition, by their social rela-
tions, and by their natural trust in those whom
they think wiser than themselves. On this sub-
ject the highest authority of which I have any
knowledge is John Stuart Mill. Ho says:
" Tt is not necessary thatthemany should, in them-
selves, bo perfectly wise; itis sullicicntif they be duly
sensible oi the value of superior wisdom. It is suf-
ficient if they be aware that the majority of political
questions turn upon'considerations of which they
and all other personsnot trainedfor the purpose must
necessarily be very imperfect judges, and that their
judgment must, in general, be exercised upon the
characters and talentsof the persons whom they ap-
point to decide those questions for them, rather than
upon the questions themselves. This implies no
greater wisdom in the people than the very ordinary
wisdom of knowing what things they are and are not
sufficient judges of. If the hulk of any people pos-
sess a fair shareof this wisdom, the argument for uni-
versal suffrage, so far as respects that peopio, is irre-
sistible."
Sir, by this standard I am willing to have
the colored people of this District tried ; and
I demand the same trial for the white men who
are loudest in their protest against negro bal-
lots.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to asfc the gen-
tleman whether, in his reference to the opinion
39th Cong. 1st Skss,—No. 11.
of John Stuart Mill, he quotes that distinguished
writer as in favor of unqualified suffrage ?
Mr. JULIAN. _ No, sir. I quoted from him
simply to show his opinion as to the measure
of intelligence deemed by him necessary to qual-
ify men for suffrage. I quoted the extract be-
cause it sustains the point I am arguing.
Mr. GARFIELD. I did not ask the question
with a view of opposing any doctrine the gen-
tleman is advocating, but merely to suggest that
Mr. Mill, in the volume from which the gentle-
man has just quoted, takes strong ground in
favor of suffrage restricted by educational quali-
fications.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I understand my
colleague to base his argument in favor of negro
suffrage in the District of Columbia upon the
personal right of suffrage. I desire to ask my
colleague whether he regards that as a personal
right elsewhere than in the District of Colum-
bia ; and whether, as a citizen of Indiana, where,
it is notorious, negroes have not for years past
been permitted to migrate, he is willing to ex-
tend that right to his own State ?
Mr. JULIAN. I shall refer to that question
presently; and answer it, I think, to the satis-
faction of my colleague.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Indiana. Does he propose
to extend the right of suffrage, which he pro-
poses to confer upon the negro race, to the
Indians, who are the original inhabitants of this
country ?
Mr. JULIAN. I have already said that
neither race nor color should stand in the way
of suffrage as a natural right. The people, in
accordance with the fundamental principles of
democracy, must regulate the whole question
of suffrage. A portion of our Indians, who
have become citizens and civilized, have already
been made voter's. There may be practical dif-
ficulties in the regulation of the right of suffrage
as to savage tribes in their transition from bar-
barism to civilization, but I do not see bow they
affect the soundness of my position.
Mr. DAYIS. I understand the gentleman
to say that this is a natural right, and that none
arc to be denied its exercise. I ask the gen-
tleman when the founders of the " Old Bay
Colony," the Puritans, proclaimed jurisdiction
over numerous wild and savage tribes, if they
would have been safe in giving to those Indians
the right of suffrage ?
Mr. JULIAN. If the gentleman had list-
ened to my remarks his question would proba-
bly have been deemed unnecessary. I endeav-
ored to show, in the first part of my argument,
that the authority of the Governnient to regu-
late the right of suffrage—that is, to prescribe
the manner and_circumstances of its exercise—
does not contravene the right itself as natural.
I commend him to a careful perusal of that
part of my speech. Of course I would have
withheld the ballot in the case stated, for the
same reasons that suffrage is withheld from
infants, idiots, and madmen. In saying this I
do not see that I abandon the ground of the
natural right to a voice in the Government of a
civilized people as to its citizens.
Mr. DAVIS. I begthe gentleman's pardon.
I was out of the Hall and did not hear that part
of his speech.
Mr. KELLEY. In reply to the gentleman
from New York, I would like to inquire of my
friend from Michigan [Mr. Dricjgs] whether
the Indians, who filled the ranks of a regiment
from his own State, in Burnside's corps, when
it passed through this city, are not voters in
his district?
Mr. DRIGGS. They were. The laws of the
State provide that all civilized Indians, not be-
longing to a tribe or recognizing a chief, shall
be allowed the right of the elective franchise. I
think there are about four hundred Indian voters
in my district, and nearly all of them voted for
me. I may add, as pertinent to the question,
that not only are Indians allowed to vote, but
they have represented districts in the State
Legislature, and in one instance an Indian was
a candidate forjudge of the circuit court.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe that civilization pre-
sumes something of education. That has "been
my understanding of the word civilization e\ser
since I could read. I have never said that where
Indians have been civilized they should not have
the right of suffrage.
Mr. JULIAN. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kei.ley] and the
gentleman from Michigan for the fact stated.
I would say to the gentleman fr<jm Neitf York
[Mr. Davis] that as to the right of savages to
vote I am no more in favor of it th^n himself.
Mr. Speaker, mere knowledge, education, in
its ordinary sense, will not fit, any man to vote. It
must depend, as Dr. Lieber says, upon how men
use it. He declares it to be no guarantee for
free institutions, and refers to Prussia, the best-
educated country in the world, where liberty is
an outlaw. The reading and writing test, so
strenuously urged on this floor, -is a singularly
insufficient measure of fitness. Reading and
wri tingare mechanical processes,and aman may
be able to perform them without any worthiness
of life or character. He may lack this qualifi-
cation, and yet be tolerably fit to have a voice
in the Government. If penmanship must be
made the avenue to the ballot, I fear several
honorable gentlemen on this floor will be dis-
franchised. A merely educational test would
allow all the rebel leaders to vote, while the
great body of the people of the South, white and
colored, would be disfranchised. Sir, educa-
tion of the heart is far more important than
that of the brain. " The soul is greater'than
logic." The hearts of the negroes have been
unfalteringly with us all through the war, inspir-
ing their judgment, vivifying their convictions,
and insuring their universal loyalty. They, of
all men in the South, have best vindicated their
title to the ballot.
Mr. Speaker, our American democracy has
never required any standard of knowledge as
a condition of suffrage; and the educational
lest, invented by the Know-Nothings some
years ago, during their raid against the for-
eigners, would not now be thought of but for
our proverbial hatred of the negro. Accord-
ing to our census tables, more than a half mil-
lion men in our country annually go to the
polls who can neither read the Constitution nor
write theirnames. The proposition to disfran-
chise this grand army of ignorant men would
meet with very little favor in any quarter. No
public man dreams of it, and any such purpose as
to the ignorant white men of this District is ex-
pressly disavowed by the advocates of restricted
suffrage in this House. Sir, the real trouble is
that we hate the negro. It is n«t his ignorance
that offends us, but his color; for those who are
loudest in their opposition to universal suffrage
would be quite as unwilling to give the ballot
to Frederick Douglass as to the most ignorant
freedman in the South. Of this fact I enter-
tain no doubt whatever, and I commend it to
the attention of conservative gentlemen on this
floor, who imagine that a vote for qualified ne-
gro suffrage will be less offensive to their negro-
hating constituents than for the bill now under
discussion.
In further reply to the argument which would
disfranchise the negroes on account of their
ignorance, allow me to say that the ruling class
have made them ignorant by generations of op-
pression, and no man should be allowed to take
advantage of his own wrong. Sir, how can the
negro emerge from his ignorance and barbarism
if left, under the heel of his old tyrant? I agree
that in any scheme of universal suffrage univer-
sal knowledge, as far as possible, should be de-
manded; but universal suffrage is one of the
surest means of securing a higher level of intel-
ligence for the whole people. I would not level
the educated classes downward, but the ignor-
ant masses upward, I>y giving them political
power and the incentive to rise. Our first duty
is to take off their chains, as the best means of
preparing them for the ballot. By no mepns
would I disparage education, and especially po-
litical training ; but the ballot is itself a school-
master. If you expect a man to use it well you
must place it in his hands, and let him learn to
cast it by trial, If you wish to teach a man to
