1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to say that
I do not know whether I am myself in favor of
that proposition or not. I have taken it from
a proposition submitted by a distinguished Rep-
resentative in the House of Representatives,
Mr. Buoomat.t.. and as it came according to my
construction of it nearer to what I thought
ought, to be adopted after the Senate rejected
the proposition which was before it last Fri-
day, I have deemed it proper to offer it to the
consideration of the Senate, so that when this
question shall come up again it shall be one of
the number of propositions that shall receive its
consideration. 1 move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does not that propo-
sition go to the committee of fifteen?
Mr. (HUMES. They have reported on this
subject, and this is an amendment I propose to
offer.
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave now to intro-
duce an amendment which I intend to propose
to the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Dooeittle] to the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 53) proposing to amend
the Constitution of the United States, which 1
ask to hare read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Representatives shall bo apportioned among the
several States according to the number of male citi-
zens over twenty-one ycius of age havingthe qualifi-
cations requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature; citizens possessing
like qualifications disfranchised for participation in
any rebellion; and persons of like age not natural-
ized. The number of Hcpreseiitativcs shall not exceed
one for every hundred thousand of actualpoputation,
but each State shallhavcatlcastoneRcprcsentative.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask leave to send to the
Chair an amendment which, attheprojiertime,
I hope to offer as a substitute for the apportion-
ment amendment to the Constitution which has
been under discussion so long in this Chamber.
I ask to hare it read and, printed.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the word "namely"'
at the end of the sixth line of the resolution
(II. It. No. .">1) proposing to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
AlirK'Li;—. Representatives^ shall be apportioned
amiong the several S'ativ which may bo included
within this Union according to their respective nitiii-
bcis winch shall be determined bv taking thewholc
number of persons, and excluding 1 ndians not 1 axed :
PrtiV'it/ril, That whenever male cituensof the United
States over the age of twenty-one years shall be ex-
cluded from the elective iranchise in any State, ex-
cept for participation in rebellion, the basis ot repre-
sentation therein shall be reduced in the proportion
which the number 1 hus excluded bears to the whole
nuinbci of male eiti'sciisot the Unitedtitatesovcr the
age of twenty-one years in such State.
Mr. SUMNElt. With the indulgence of the
Senate, I will merely call attention to the fact
that that proposition is not open. I think, as
will appear on its face, to any evasions; in the
second place, it-contains no words which can
imply any recognition of inequality of rights;
and. in the third place, it contains no words
which can imply any recognition of the right
of a State to disfranchise on account of color
or race : and therefore it seems to meet the ob-
jections which were adduced against the pend-
ing proposition.
The PliESIDENT^pro tempore. The order
to print will be made, if there is no objection.
clerk to a committee.
Mr. CONXESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Unsolved, That the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing be authorized to employ a clerk.
V/ [ DO*'.V OF CIT VRLES W. PbT.CELL.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
JirinM That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to i.inline mto the 'VwT'n^
' of uranting a pension to the widow of Ui.tucs\\.* 111.
cell, late a second lieutenant m the thiul Mimouh
cavalry, and report by bill or otherwise.
improvement op fox biver harbor.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish the Senate with any informationin his pos-
session as to the money required for the improvement
of the harbor at the mouth of i'ox river, in the State
of Wisconsin.
bill become a law.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G-. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had ap-
proved and signed, on the 10th instant, a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 36) providing for expenses
incurred in searching tor missing soldiers of
the Army of the United States, and for further
prosecution of the same.
bonded warehouses.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. U)">) to extend the time for the withdrawal
of goods for consumption from public store and
bonded warehouse, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate reconsider their vote
passing this bill?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, there are
always men to be found in every assembly who,
whatever is said or done, think it is said or
done with reference to them and them only. In
the discussion of the bill before the Senate I
have been actuated by no motive personal to
any Senator here or to any other man. I should
not have thought it necessary to make this re-
mark, or to excuse mj'self from that imputation,
had not a suggestion of that kind been reported
to me from gentlemen of the Senate. M y oppo-
sition is to the measure and not to men. I
believed from the start that it was pcrnicious
in its effects, and in its consequences, and 1
determined from the first to oppose it step by
step in its progress before the Senate. This 1
have done. 1 have gained time for the con-
sideration of the bill by the Senate. I desired
that its consideration should not be confined
to '.alf an hour, or to a quarter of an hour, ot-
to the ten minutes left in the morning hour, but
that a longer time should be assigned to its dis-
cussion, and that when the vote was taken it
should be taken unembarrassed by any other
question under consideration which might be
deemed by Senators of greater importance
than this.
I have endeavored to stale some of the points
upon which my objections to this bill are
founded. I have not been able to state them
all. They are as numerous as the words in the
language. The whole system is wrong from
the very foundation, in ail its workings and in
all its results. I have been oldiged, in my
judgment, to confine my remarks somewhat to
the tariff itself; and I have been charged with
,1 acting outside of the rule, or of acting outside
jj of the necessity of the case, by in any way touch-
| mg upon that great question. I believe that this
1 question is one that is founded upon that, that
I it materially affects it, and that if the policy
;j that supports and sustains this measure was
u permitted to continue to its ultimate extent the
II tariff would go under, and this warehousing sjs-
i| torn would prevail. This is a free-trade meas-
jl ure from the start; and it has been necessary
1 for me to combat free-trade ideas and free-
trade sentiments that have been suggested here
and elsewhere during this session of the Sen-
ate. Senators' desks are flooded every day with
pamphlets upon free trade, filled with slurs,
innuendoes, and insinuations against those who
sustain the interests of American industry.
Only 011 Saturday last I received a printed
document to that effect. You will find them
everywhere. You find associations of men
engaged in plotting the overthrow of Ameri-
can industry here and elsewhere to-day, as you
have always found them. They arc moths upon
the surface of our industrial society. Sir, let
me say to those who sneer and slur at a great
question and a great interest, that they them-
selves, in some future time/ may find that" the
slur and insinuation are not upoa their fade'e#
the question. That which has been to the past
the rejected material has become the chief cop-
ner-stone; and it may be that the policy whiolt
I advocate, which I believe is for the real oh#
true interests of American society, will prevail,
will obtain strength for itself, founded up Oft
its own merits, and will banish'from American
statutes all contrary provisions.
When interrupted by the special order on
Friday last, I was speaking, as an illustration,
of the family of Coats, who had the run of the
American market in the manufacture of thread,-
&c., in reply to a statement that had been
placed before the Senate that an American •
manufactory engaged in the same business
had made a profit of three hundred per cent.-
1 endeavored to show that this interest, which
is condemned in this country or. that account,
was established upon the heel of the prices
that were adopted by the Coatses themselves;
that for a century they had had command of
the American market, and that they had forced
up prices, year by year, until they became so
exorbitant that this American company was
able to commence the business, although they
were opposed by the capitalists of England,
who endeavored to destroy the American in-
terest that desired to devote its energies to
that particular business. Up to the beginning
of this war that interest could not prevail in
this country, because this great monopoly had
obtained complete power and control of the
American market.; but after this war com-
menced, like rats who flee from the sinking
ship, they distrusted the American ability to
sustain itself, and they withdrew from the mar-
ket, and this American interest established
itself.
If the illustrations which are around us every
day are not sufficient for us to determine that
it is impolitic and destructive for Americans
to permit their markets to be monopolized by
anybody, whether it is by home manufacturers
or foreign manufacturers, then it is impossi-
ble to furnish more. To my judgment, there
should lie no monopoly of cither class, foreign
or American. There cannot be any by Amer-
icans, for the reason that American manufac-
turing is wide spread; it belongs to every
State and is found in every community, and
cannot be limited by towns or by cities or by
States ; but it is a monopoly which belongs to
the whole country.
England exacts free trade of this country as
the price of her good opinion of us; and John
Bright, who sustains our theory of government,
advises us to pursue the policy of free trade as
the very acme of our material and economical
system. Sir, you might as well tie the hands and
limbs of a man and throw him in the water and
then ask him to swim, as to ask this country to
pursue this system of free trade, bound hand and
foot, commercially, financially, and materially.
English capitalists have possession to a certain
extent of all our railroads. Theyhaveto acertain
extent the command of the financial affairs of
our banks. They have the command of every-
thing in this country upon which the industry
of Americans is founded; and wo are asked
with that pressure upon us, to produce articles
cheaply so that we can compete with her in the
markets of the world! Take, lor instance, the
percentages now paid and which have been
paid by our railroads. Those percentages go
into the hands of foreigners. They have been
obtained by the high rates of freight upon all
articles of American production. J hey have
aided to encliance those prices, and have m
consequence compelled us to find a home mar-
ket because we could not compete m a foreign
one. Look at the wages paid to the laboring
man in France, thirty-six dollars a year, and
his expenses of living twenty-one dollars,
whereas the wages of the laboring man in this
country would be from SilOO to S500 per annum,
and the expense of living from S-103 to S-t-30.
We cannot compete with these disadvantages
against us; and these disadvantages have not
grown out of anything that we can prevent, but
