3242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
of some remarks on the general subject, what
I thought Congress ought to do, the specific
action it ought to take, to complete the work
of restoration ; and with the leave of the House,
as it is very brief, I will read the paragraph in
which that statement was embodied :
" In the first place, I think we ought to acoept the
present status of the southern States,>and regard them
as having resumed, under the President's guidance
and action, their functions of self-government in the
Union.
"In thesecond place, I think this House should de-
cide on the admission of Representatives by districts,
admitting none but loyal men who can take the oath
wo may prescribe, and holding all others as disquali-
ficd;_the Senate acting, at its discretion, in the same
way in regard to representatives of States.
"I think, in the third place, we should provide by
law for giving to the freedmen of the South all the
rights of citizens in courts of law and elsewhere.
"In the fourth place, I would exclude from Fed-
eral office the leading actors in the conspiracy which
led to the rebellion in every Stato.
"In the fifth place, I would make such amend-
ments to the Constitution as may seem wise to Con-
gress and the States, acting freely and without coer-
cion.
"And sixth, I would take such measures and precau-
tions by the disposition of military forces as will
preserve order and prevent tho overthrow, by usur-
pation or otherwise, in any State, of its republican
l'orm of government."
Nearly all of these points have been covered
by the .action which Congress has already taken.
The status of the southern States has been sub-
stantially recognized by botli Houses in their
action and their recommendations. No one
in either House proposes to change or disturb
it. "We have provided, not only by law, but by
an amendment of the Constitution, for giving
to the freedman of the South all the rights
of citizens in the courts of law and elsewhere
and for protecting him in their enjoyment. We
have also provided by an amendment of the
Constitution for excluding from office the lead-
ing actors in the rebellion. We have adopted
such other amendments to the Constitution as
seemed to us wise and essential, and wo have
now just passed a resolution directing them to
be submitted to the several States for their
ratification.
Congress adopted those amendments because
it believed they ought to form apart of the Con-
stitution, and i voted for them for that reason,
and for that reason alone. I discussed them on
their merits. 1 declined to discuss them other-
wise. 1 voted for them on their merits, and
not as part and parcel of any scheme of recon-
struction or restoration, except to this extent,:
that, J believed their adoption here would pro-
mote the tranquillity of the country, and that
their embodiment, in the Constitution would re-
store harmony to the Union and secure the future
safety o! the llepublic. Those amendments
have now gone to the several States, and if
adopted by three fourths of all the States—by
three fourths of the thirty-six States that com-
pose this Union—they will become valid to all
intents and purposes as apart, of tho Constitu-
tion of the United States. I deem it highly im-
portant that these amendments should be acted
upon in all t,hc States, by Legislatures chosen
by tho people with reference to this very sub-
ject. J do not hold that this is necessary to
their validity; but I do think that justice to
t,lie people, justice to tho country, and a true
and wise regard for the requirements and spirit
of the Constitution demand that, it should be
submitted to Legislatures not elected without
reference to it, but to Legislatures chosen by
the people for the express purpose of acting
upon it. Wc must remember that we who have
voted upon these amendments were elected to
Congress without the slightest reference to the
important question upon which we were thus
called to act. The question of amending the
Constitution was not then before the public.
The people have had no opportunity to act
upon it, either directly or indirectly. It does
not seem just that important amendments to
the Constitution should be proposed by a Con-
gress and ratified by Legislatures while not a
member of either was elected with any refer-
ence whatever to that subject. Certainly, great
moral force would be given to the amendment
if it were adopted by members chosen by the
people with special reference to this point.
But, sir, iti my previous remarks, from which
I have already quoted, I insisted that the States,
in voting upon these amendments, should "act
freely and without coercion." I regard that,
sir, as of vital importance. Amendments to
the Constitution forced upon an unwilling peo-
ple will never command the respect essential
to their full validity. They will always be re-
garded as badges of injustice, as permanent-
and indelible marks of inferiority, and what-
ever acquiescence they may command will be
reluctant and constrained, not the cheerful
obedience which a free people will always yield
to constitutions and laws they have freely made.
This bill, sir, violates that fundamental condi-
tion. It seeks to coerce the States lately in
rebellion into the ratification of these amend-
ments. It denies them representation unless
they do ratify them. The first section of the
bill, after reciting the amendments adopted by
Congress, enacts—
" That whenever the above-recited amendment
shall have become part of the Constitution of the
United States, and any State lately in insurrection
shall have ratified the same, andshall have modified
its constitution and laws in conformity therewith, the
Senators and Representatives from such States, if
found duly elected and qualified, may, after having
taken tho required oaths of office, bo admitted into
Congress as such."
Here are three things required as conditions
without which no southern State shall be ad-
mitted to representation in Congress: first,
the above-rccited amendment mustfirst "have
become part of the Constitution of the United
States"—that is to say, it must first have been
ratified by three fourths of all the States ;
second, it must be ratified by each of the States
lately in rebellion seeking representation ; and
third, that State must, have "modified its con-
stitution and laws in conformity therewith."
Now, sir, the first of these conditions is not
within control of the States upon wliich they
are imposed. Suppose every southern State
should ratify these amendments and enough
northern States should refuse, to defeat them;
must southern States be denied representation
for the default of others? This provision, sir,
puts it in the power of the New England States
with three others to exclude the southern States
from representation forever. I am sure Con-
gress can never sanction so gross a wrong.
But ray objection to this bill goes further
than this. I hold that we have no right, no
power, under the Constitution of the United
States to impose such conditions of represen-
tation at all. We sit here as a Congress to
exorcise, not unlimited powers, but only such
powers as are delegated to us by the Consti-
tution of the United States. We have none
of the sovereignty, the omnipotence, that is
claimed for tho Parliament of England. It
is one of the distinctive features of our Gov-
ernment that we live under a written Consti-
tution, by which the powers conferred upon
the Government and upon each of its depart-
ments are expressly defined. All the power
we have comes by express grant; it is con-
ferred upon us by the Constitution. The Con-
stitution says Congress shall have power to do
certain things, which are enumerated and dis-
tinctly set forth, and then it is expressly de-
clared that the powers not delegated are " re-
served to tho States or to the people thereof."
W o can, therefore, do nothing which the Con-
stitution does not empower us to do, cither in
express terms or by necessary implication from
the terms employed.
Now, if I am right in this, I ask any one
here to point me to the clause of the Constitu-
tion which confers upon Congress a right to
say that Representatives from any State shall
not be received into Congress until that State
shall perform certain acts, make certain laws,
or do certain things which we may dictate.
Where is it in the Constitution ? Is it embod-
ied in any article? Is it implied in any clause,
either directly or indirectly? I cannot find it.
Oil the contrary, I find an express declaration
in the article which empowers Congress to pro-
pose amendments to the Constitution, an ex-
plicit provision, that "no State shall be deprived
of its equal suffrage in the Senate without its
own consent," even by an amendment of the
Constitution. This bill proposes to deprive
States of such equal suffrage by a law. It
proposes to do by enacting a law what Con-
gress and the States together cannot do by
amending the Constitution. I must maintain,
until I am shown to the contrary, that we have
no power under the Constitution of the United
States to pass such a bill as this, or to enforce
its provisions if it should become a law.
Iam told, however, that the few of conquest
is higher than the Constitution, and that we
may, under that law, exercise over these States
the rights of conquerors and dictate to them such
terms as we please. 1 have at previous stages
of this discussion, or of the discussion of this
general subject, so fully expressed my opinion
upon this point, and my reasons for it, that I
will not enter into that argument again. In
my judgment the war just closed was a war
against rebellion. I hold that while it crushed
the rebellion it did not impair, to any degree
or extent, the validity, force, or binding author-
ity of the Constitution of the United States, or
tho rights, duties, or obligations of the States
under that Constitution. On the contrary, it
reaffirmed and reestablished the authority of
the Constitution in all its fullness over all the
States and over every department of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. That Constitu-
tion is to-day for us, for Congress, for the Pres-
ident, for every State, and for every Legislature
and for every court in every State, the "supreme
law of the land." We have crushed the rebel-
lion which disputed its sovereign authority, but
we thereby only confirmed and reestablished
its supremacy. We have achieved no conquest
over that, and no law of conquest touches that
in any particular. We are bound by its pro-
visions, we are restricted by its prohibitions,
now precisely as we were before the war.
I am told, furthermore, that the law of ne-
cessity requires us to impose these conditions
upon the admission of representatives from the
States lately in insurrection, and that the law
of necessity supersedes all other laws. Cer-
tainly not the law of military necessity. No
one pretends that any military necessity now
exists. 1 am not prepared to concede that we
have ever set aside the Constitution of the
United States, even under the military neces-
sity which the war was supposed to create. In
my judgment the Constitution furnished us
with power to carry the country through the
war; and we have not violated its provisions ;
we have exercised no power not included
within its permissions, even in the contest
from which we have just emerged. But the war
js over. Military necessity no longer exists. Is
it, then, a matter of political necessity that
we should exercise the power asserted in this
bill ? I am told that unless we do the South will
gain by votes what it lost by arms. The joint
committee of fifteen, in their report, assert
that if members from the southern States bo
admitted into Congress the rebels will gain by
votes on its floor, by legislative action, by tak-
ing part in the Government, what they lost on
the field of battle.
Now, sir, I will not stop to remind Congress
of what Congress seems much disposed to for-
get, that this is a Government of the people;
that the people of the whole country and all
the States of the Union are not only entitled
but are bound by solemn obligations to take
part in that Government; and that whatever
the people gain by votes they gain legitimately
and m accordance both with the Constitution
and the principles that lie at the foundation of
our Government. But, not dwelling upon this
point, I deny the existence of any such danger.
The apprehension is plausible perhaps. Judg-
ing from the past we may naturally fear that
the political action of the South may again be
hostile to the Government, but a very little re-
flection will show how small is the peril which
is thus involved.
There was a time when there was reason to
fear the ascendency of the South in the gov-
ernment of the nation. There was a time
when the South, as a separate section with in-
