258
THE COJSTGllESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
swim, you must first put Mm in the water. If
yon wish, to teach him how to handle the tools
of the mechanic, you must first put them in his
hands. If you wish to teach the ignorant man,
black or white, how to vote, you must grant him
the right to rote as the first step in his educa-
tion, The negro, I am sure, will generally be
found voting on the side of his country, and
gradually learning his duties as a citizen. Sir,
let one rule be adopted for white and blaclc, and.
let us^if possible, dispossess our minds, utterly,
of the vile spirit of caste which has brought upon
our country all its woes.
Mr. Speaker, I reply still further, that my
argument is not at all invalidated if I admit that
the white people of this District are decidedly
superior to the negroes in education and gen-
eral intelligence. This very superiority would
give them an important advantage over the class
not thus favored. It would become a powerful
weapon in carrying out their peculiar purposes;
and these will certainly be antagonistic to the
best j?ood of those whom law and usage have so
long injured and degraded. If any class will
be peculiarly exposed, and need the strongest
safeguards, it will be the negroes, who have
been made comparative children in knowledge
and self-help. All class rule is vicious; but if
one class must rule another, it will be found far
better to allow the prerogative to the laboring
many, whose usefulness and numbers best enti-
tle them to it, than to confer it upon the aristoc-
racy, the "gentlemen," the idlers, who will of
course maintain their privileges. Tlic many who
have been denied equal rights, and suffered
from the privation, will be quite as fit lor polit-
ical power as the few who have had no such
experience.
Mr. Speaker, I hope 1 need not reply to the
argument often urged, that negro voting will
lead to the amalgamation of x'aces, or social
equality, which now seems to mean the same
thing. On this subject there is nothing left to
conjecture, and no ground for alarm. Negro
suffrage has been very extensively tried in this
country, and we are able to appeal to facts. Ne-
groes had the right to vote in all the Colonies
save one, under the Articles of Confederation.
They voted, I believe, generally, on the question
of adopting the Constitution of the United
States. They have voted ever since in New
York and the New England States, save Con-
necticut, in which the practice was dicontinued
in ISIS. They voted in New Jersey 1 ill the year
18-iO; in Virginia and Maryland till in
Pennsylvania till 18:38; in Delaware till IN;!1;
and in North Carolina and Tennessee till18;>0.
I have never understood that in all this expe- |
rience of negro suffrage the amalgamation of'
the races was the result. I think these evils
are not at all complained of to this day in New-
England and New York, whore negro sulliuge
is still practiced and recognized by law. In-
deed. the fact is notorious, that amalgamation
is almost totally unknown, except, in a state of
slavery, which obliterates the ties of lite, and
subjects the negro woman to the unbridled
power of the master race. Sir, give the colored
man the ballot, so that he may maintain the
liberty already nominally conferred, and the
best possible step will Iiav e been taken to regu-
late and purify the relations heretofore existing
between the races. Should the copperheads
and rebels of this District feel in danger of
matrimony with their African fellow-citizens
in consequence of negro r-nlfrage, T would have
Congress pass a law for their protection; but I
would not withhold 1 he ballot from the colored
people for a reason so contingent and so uncom-
plimentary to their character and taste.
A or do I deem it necessary, Jtr. Speaker, to
dwell on the argument that negro voting will
lead to negro cilice-holding. negro domination,
and ultimately to a war of races. Such an ar-
gument, current as it is in certain quarters, linds
no shadow of support in any known facts. The
experience to which I have referred certainly
can alarm no one, and the instances are rare,
if m iuci any can be adduced, in which eoloied
men have held office, though their numbers, as
in States like Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Mary-
land, were very large when black suffrage was
allowed. . Sir, ho fact is more notorious, and
at the same time more discreditable, than the
nearly universal prejudice of the white race in
our country against the negro. That prejudice
will not pass away swiftly, but gradually send
slowly. Like every other form of injustice, it
will ultimately die ; but the prospect of this is
clearly not immediate. We are certainly not
yet so in love with the negro that we prefer
him as our ruler; but when the fact shall be
realized, it will not be negro domination, but
negro rule of choice, by white as well as black
suffrage, and cannot therefore lead to any war
of races. This is quite evident; for though
the negroes here are numerous, and in por-
tions of the South constitute the majority, the
tide of emigration from the North and from
Europe must very soon place the white race
largely in the ascendant everywhere. I present
these considerations in order, if possible, to calm
the fears of my conservative friends; for as to
myself, my faith in democratic principles de-
pends not at all upon any temporary or local
results of thuir application. Sir, a war of races
in this country can only be the result of deny-
ing to the negro his rights, just as such wars
have been causcd elsewhere; and the late
troubles in Jamaica should teach ns, if any lesson
can, the duty of dealing justly with our millions
of freedmen. Like causcs must produce like
results. English lawms.de the slaves of Jamaica
free, but England failed to enact other laws
making their freedom a blessing. The old spirit
of domination never died in the slave-master,
but was only maddened by emancipation. For
thirty years no measures were adopted tending
to protect or educate the lrccdmen. At length,
and quite recently, the colonial authorities
passed a whipping act, then a law of eviction
tor people ol color, then a law imposing heavy im-
post duties, bearing most, grievouslyupon them,
and finally a law providing l'ur the importation
of coolies, thus taxing the freedmen for the
very purpose of taking the bread out of the
mouths of their own children! I believe it
turns out, after all, that those outraged people
even then did not rise up against the local gov-
ernment; but the white ruffians of the island,
goad ed on by their own unch eeked rapacity, and
availing tliemseh es of the infernal pretext of a
black insurrection. perpetrated deeds of rapine
and vengeance that find no parallel anywhere,
save in the acts of their natural allies, the late
slave-breedin« rebels, against our flag. Sir, is
there no warning here against the policy of
leaving our freedmen to the tender mercies of
their old masters? Are the white rebels of this
District any better than the .Jamaica villains to
whom 1 have referred? The late report of Gen-
eral Sclnirz gives evidence of some important
fact s which will doubtless apply here. The mass
of the white-people in the South, he says, are
totally destitute of any national feeling. The
same bigoted sectionalism that swayed them
prior to the war is almost universal. Nor have
they any feeling of the enormity of treason as a
crime. To them it is not odious, as very natur-
ally it would not be, under the policy which fore- |
goes the punishment of traitors, and gives, so I
many of them the chief places of power in the I
South. And tliair hatred of the negro to-day j
is as intense and scathing and as universal as i
before the war. I believe it to be even more so. j
The proposition to educate him and elevate his I
condition is everywhere met, with contempt and j
scorn. They acknowledge that slavery, as it j
once existed, is overthrown ; but the continued ;
inferiority and subordination of the colored ,
race, under some form of vassalage or serfdom,
is regarded by them as certain. Sir, tlicy have
no thought of anything else; and if the ballot .
shall be withheld from the freedmen after the j,
withdrawal of military power, the most revolt- :
ing forms of oppression and outrage will be j,
practiced, resulting, at last, in that very war ij
of races which is foolishly apprehended as the Ij
effect of giving the negro his rights. j1
Mr. Speaker, a more plausible, if not a more j;
formidable, objection to negro suffrage in this j
District remains to be noticed. Most of the |l
northern States refuse the ballot to their col-
ored citizens, and even deny them their testi-
mony in suits in which white persons are parties.
In Indiana,which has done so noble and glori-
ous a part in the war, we have a constitutional
provision, and laws made in pursuance of it, by
which negroes from other sections of our coun-
try are forbidden to enter the State. It is made
a penal offense for any negro or mulatto to come
into her borders, or for any white person to bring
him in, or employ him after he shall have come.
N ow, how can the Representatives of such States
be expected'to vote for negro suffrage in this
District? If Congress, having the sole and ex-
clusive power of legislation here, ought to give
the ballot to the negro, why should not Indiana
give the ballot to her negro pepulation? And
how can western Representatives face their con-
stituents and answer this question, after having
supported this bill? And it is just here that its
passage must encounter its greatest peril; for
members of Congress, however patriotic, will
be exceedingly glad to escape this dilemma, and
to avoid the committal to the policy of negro
suffrage generally, which would seem to be im-
plied in the support of this measure.
_ In seeking to meet this difficulty several con-
siderations mustbebornein mind. In the first
place, the demand for negro suffrage in this
District rests not alone upon the general ground
of right, of democratic equality, butuponpecu-
liar reasons superinduced by the late war, which
make it an immediate practical issue, involving
not merely the welfare of the eoloied man but
the safety of society itself. If civil government
is to be revived at all in the South, it is per-
fectly self-evident that the loyal men there must
vote; but the loyal men are the negroes, and
the disloyal are the whites. To put back the
governing power into the hands of the very men
who brought on the war, and exclude those who
have proved themselves the true friends of the
country, would be utterly suicidal and atro-
ciously unjust, Negro suffrage in the districts
lately in revolt is thus apresent political neces-
sity, dictated by the selfishness of the white
loyalist as well as his sense of justice. But in
our western States, in which the negro popula-
tion is relatively small, and the prevailing senti-
ment of their white people is loyal, no such
emergency exists. Society will not be endan-
gered by the temporary postponement of the
right of negro suffrage till public opinion shall
render it practicable, and our western Repre-
sentatives can thus vote for this bill without
encountering any )-easo«aWe hostility from their
conservative constituents, and leaving the ques-
tion of suffrage in the loyal Slates to be decidcd
by them on its merits. 1 f Indiana had gone out
of lier proper place in the Union, and her loyal
population had been found too weak to force her
j back into it without negro bullets and bayonets,
and if, after tlias coercing her again into her
constitutional orbit, her loyalists had been found
unable to hold her there without negro ballots,
the question of negro suffrage in Indiana would
most obviously have been very different from the
comparatively abstract one which it now is. It
would, it is true, have involved the question of
justice to the negroes of Indiana, but the tran-
scendency broader and more vital question of
nationalsalvationalso. Letmeaddfurther, that
should Congress pass this bill, and should the
ballot lie given to the negroes in the sunny South
generally, those in our northern and western
States, many of them at least, may return to
their native land and its kindlier skies, and thus
quiet the nerves of conservative gentlemen who
dread too close a proximity to those whose
skins, owing to some providential oversight,
were somehow or other not stamped with the
true orthodox luster.
it should be furtherremembered. Mr. Speaker,
that the' bill before us relates exclusively to this
District, and those municipal and police powers
which arc to be exercised here under the laws
of Congress. Were it in fact dangerous and
unwise to give the negro a voice in the general
legislation of the country, I can see no objec-
tion whatever to the experiment of black suffrage
in this Tfistrict, in the purely local administra-
