1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2283
flagitious of tie confederate leaders. What the
nation desires, and all it asks, is the ordinary
administration of justice against the most extra-
ordinary national criminals. The treason spun
from their brains, and deliberately fashioned
"into the bldbdy warp and woof ot a four years'
war, involving the sacrifice of hundreds of' thou-
sands of lives, and thousands of millions of
treasure, ought to be branded by the nation as
a crime. It ought to be made ''odious" and
" infamous." The punishment of that crime,
freseribed by the Constitution, is death ; and
am just as unwilling to see the Constitution
set aside and made void in this respect, in the
interest of vanquished rebel leaders, as I was
to see it trampled under foot by their armed
legions while th war continued. Indeed, the
punishment of these leaders is a necessary part
of the logic of their infernal enterprise, and
without it the rebellion itself, instead of being
effectually crushed, must find a fresh incentive
to renew its life in its impunity from the just
consequences of its guilt. It will not do to say
these leaders have been sufficiently punished
already, by the failure of their treason, the loss
of their coveted power, and their humiliation,
poverty, and disgrace. Kindred arguments
would empty our jails and penitentiaries, and
make the administration of criminal justice
everywhere a fare'e. The way of all transgress-
ors is hard; but this hardship cannot justify
society in failing to protect itself by fitly chas-
tising its enemies. Justice to the nation whose
life has been attempted, and to the assassins
who made the attempt, is the great demand of
the hour.
And here, again, Mr. Speaker, I hope I
shall be understood. In pleading for justice I
mean of course public justice, which seeks the
prevention of crime by making an example of
the criminal. Human laws do not pretend to
fathom the real moral guilt of offendcis. They
have no power to do this. Their sole aim is
the prevention of crime. They have nothing
to do with that retributive justice which grad-
uates the punishment of each transgressor by
the exact measure of his guilt. To the great
Searcher of all hearts belongs this prerogative,
while society, acting through government as
its agent, and having an eye single to its own
protection, must deal with its criminals. This,
sir, is my reply to the plea often urged that we
should not hang the rebel leaders, because we
cannot also hang t he leading sympathizers of the
northern States who are perhaps more guilty.
The Government has nothing to do with the
question of degrees of moral guilt or blame-
worthiness, either in the North or the South.
Its concern is with the nation's enemies, whoso
overt acts of treasbn have made thetn amena-
ble to the laws, and whose punishment should
bo made a terror to evil doers hereafter. The
fact that our power of punishment cannot reach
all who are guilty, including many men in the
loyal States who richly deserve the halter, is
no reason whatever for allowing those to go
unwhipped who are properly within the reach
of public justice.
And the same reasoning applies to tho argu-
ment sometimes urged against all punishment
founded on the numbers who would fairly be
liable to suffer. Tho question is frequently
asked, would you build a gallows in every village
and neighborhood of the South? Would you
shock the Christian world by the spectacle of ten
thousandgibbcts,andthehangingof all who have
been guilty of treason, or even a respectable !
fraction of their number? I answer, 1 would '
do no such thing. Public justice and the high- ,
est good of the State do notrequire it. I would j
simply apply the ordinary rules of criminal
jurisprudence to the question, and as in other
conspiracies, so in this grand one, I would
mete out the severest punishment to the ring-
leaders. Most undoubtedly I would give them
a constitutional entertainment on the gallows;
or should the number of ringleaders be too
great, or the guilt of some of them be less fla-
grant than others, perpetual exile might be
substituted. The rebel masses, both on the
score of their numbers and their qualified guilt,
should have a general amnesty; but by no pos-
sible means would I spare the unmatched vil-
lains who conceived the bloody project of
national dismemberment, and by their devilish
arts lured into their horrid service the igno-
rant and misguided people of their section.
AVhoever may escape justice, either North or
South, or whatever embarrassments may be-
long to the problem of puuishment at the end
of this stupendous conflict, nothing remains so
perfectly clear and unquestionable as the duty
of the nation to execute the great malefactors
who fashioned to their uses all the genius and
resources of the South, and throughout the en-
tire struggle invoked all tho powers of hell in
their work of national destruction.
Mr. Speaker, the adequate punishment of the
rebel leaders involves the whole question of tho
rebellion itself. It is not a matter which the Gov-
ernment may dispose of indifferently, but is
vital to the nation's peace, if not to its very exist-
ence. To trifle with it is to trifle with public
justice and the holy cause for which the coun-
try has been made to bleed and suffer. It, is to
mock our dead heroes, and confess our own
pusillanimity or guilt. It is to make treason
respectable, and put, loyalty under the ban. It
is to call evil good and good evil; and since
God is not to be mocked, it must in some form
bringdown upon our own heads tho retribution
which we may only escape by enforcing the
penal laws of the nation against the magnifi-
cent felons who have sought its life.
Sir, I shall take it for granted that treason is
a crime, and not a mere accident or mistake.
In this most frightful and desolating struggle
there is transcendent and unutterable guilt;
and I take it for granted that that guilt is on
the side of those who wantonly and eausclessly
took up arms against the nation, and not on
the side of those who fought to save it from
destruction. Treason is a crime, and there-
fore not a mere difference of opinion ; a crime,
and therefore not an honest, mistake of judg-
ment about the right of a State to secede; a
crime, and therefore not a mere struggle of the
South for independence while the North con-
tended for empire; a crime, and therefore not
a mere "misapprehension of misguided men,"
as some of our copperhead journals affirm; a
crime, and the highest of all crimes, including
all lesser villainies, and eclipsing them all, iti
its heaven-daring leap at the nation's throat:
and therefore those who withstood it by arms
were patriots and heroes, lighting for nationality
and freedom, against rebels whose sure and
swift punishment, should be made a warning
against the repetition of their deeds.
Mr. Speaker, if a man were to conic into our
midst and persuade us that treason and loyalty
are about the same tiling; that right and wrong,
good and evil, virtue and vice, are convertible
terms ; that God and Satan are in fact the same
personage, under different names, and that it
matters little under whose banner we fight;
and if he could thus enlist us in the work of
uprooting the foundations of Government, of
morals, of society, of everything held sacred
among men, wouid he not bo the most exe-
crable creature in tho universe? If lie could
indoctrinate mankind with his theory of " re-
construction," would not this beautiful earth
of ours be converted into a first-class hell,
with the devil as its king? Sir, you dare not
trifle with this question of the punishment of
traitors. Theory goes before practice. Kight
believing, on moral or political issues, precedes
right acting: and you touch the very marrow
of the rebellion when you approach the ques-
tion of the puuishment of the rebels. Sir,
there is not a State in this Union, nor a civil-
ized conntiy on earth, which in the treatment
of its criminals sanctions the sickly magna-
nimity and misapplied humanity of this nation
in dealing with its leading traitors. No civil-
ized Government, in my judgment, eon hi pos-
sibly be maintained on any such loose and
confounded principles. Crime would have
unchecked license, and public justice would
not even be a decent sham. No man will dis-
pute this, or fail to be amazed that, in dealing
with our red-handed traitors, whose crimes are
certainly unsurpassed in history, and have filled
the land with sorrow and blood, we utterly
decline to executc against them the very Con-
stitution which they sought to overturn by
years of wholesale rapine and murder.
Sir, this fact is at once monstrous and start-
ling. _Ve seize tho murderer who only take3
the life of one man, indict him, convict him,
and thou hang him. Undoubtedly some mur-
derAs escape punishment through pardons and
otherwise, but certainly the penalty of death
is inflicted in most countries. The pirate, who
boards a vessel on the sea, and murders a few
sailors, is ''chased by the civilized world to the
gallows." The pica in his behalf of magna-
nimity to a vanquished criminal would not save
him, and his friends would scarcely urge it.
Public justice demands the sacrifice of his life,
and no one expects him to be spared if fairly
convicted. 13ut Jefferson Davis is no ordinary
assassin or pirate. He did not murder a single
citizen, but hundreds of thousands of men. He
did not board a ship on the sea and murder a
few sailors, but he boarded the great ship of
state, and tried, by all the power of his evil
genius, to sink her, cargo and crew, with the
hopes of the world forever, into the abyss of
eternal night. And is not his guilt as much
greater than that of an ordinary assassin or
pirate as the life of a great republic is greater
than the life of one man? 'Was not each one
of these leaders a national assassin, aiming his
bloody dagger at the country's vitals, and is
not his guilt multiplied by the millions whose
interests were imperiled? And shall justice
only be defied by the world's grandest villains
and outlaws, and mercy defile herself by taking
them into her embrace?
Mr. Speaker, Jefferson Davis was a favored
child of the Uepnblie. He had been educated
at tho nation's expense, and upon him had
been lavished the honors and emoluments of
office. lie owed his country nothing but grat-
itude and fidelity, and no man understood these
obligations better than himself. Again and
again he had asked his Maker to witness that
he would be faithful to the Constitution, which
at the time ho was plotting to destroy. Long
years before the rebellion he had been inocu-
lating the public opinion of the South with tho
poison of his heresies, and secretly hatching
his treason in the foul atmosphere which he
helped to crcate. llis perfidy was most cold-
blooded, deliberate, and premeditated. In
order to blast the Government of his fathers,
and establish upon its ruins a confederacy with
slavery as its corner-stone, he has ruthlessly
wrapped his country in fire and blood. He
has wantonly destroyed tho lives of more than
two hundred and fifty thousand soldiers, who
gloriously perished in resisting his treason in
arms. lie has maimed and crippled for life more
than two hundred and fifty thousand more. He
has duplicated these atrocities in his own section
oftlie Union, llehasorganizedgrand conspira-
cies in the North and Northwcslto lay in rapine
and blood the towns and cities and plantations
of the whole loyal portion of the land. He has
put to death, by the slow torture of starvation
in rebel prisons, sixty thousand brave men who
went forth to peril their lives in saving tho
country from his devilish crusade against it.
He has deliberately sought to introduce into
the United States and to nationalize among us
pcstilence, in the form of yellow fever; an en-
terprise which, had it succeeded, would have
startled tho very heavens above ns with the
agony and sorrow it would have lavished upon
the land. He stands charged by the Govern-
ment with the murder of the President of the
United States, and that charge, as I am well
assured, is amply verified by proofs which wiil
very soon be given to the public, and awaken
a stronger and sterner demand for his punish-
ment. He has instigated the burning of our
hotels. He hasplauted infernal machines in the
tracks of his armies. He has poisoned our wells.
Ho has murdered our wounded soldiers. He has
made drinking cups of their skulls and jewe.ry
of their bones. He has spawaea upon the
