1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
132B
Mr. COYNESS. I wish to say to the Senator
from Nevada, and those interested in Colorado,
that I have always been in favor of proceeding
■with the consideration of that hill; but it is
palpable to those gentlemen and to all Senators
that unless we determine to continue the con-
sideration of the measure now before us we shall
never be able to get a vote upon it. I beg also
to call attention to the fact that the 1st of April
is fixed in this bill as the period of time within
which only these goods may be withdrawn, and
therefore unless we soon come to a vote upoti
it, it will be utterly useless to pass the bill at
all. I propose when wo do come to a vote to
have the bill reconsidered, for the purpose of
amending it so as to substitute the 1st of May
for the 1st of April so that it may bo applicable
on the Pacific coast.
Mr. STEWART. I will not object to con-
tinuing the consideration of this bill, but I
should like to have a general understanding that
the Colorado bill shall come up when this bill
is through, so that it shall not lose its place.
Mr. COXNE8S. I presume that is the feeling
of the Senate.
Mr. i! AM Y. Could not the Senator from
California amend his motion so as to fix some
specified time for the Colorado bill to come up?
Mr. CONXliSS. The Senator will see that
that is impossible. I do not know when the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island will con-
clude his remarks. There is no Senator that
I know of who desires the passage of this bill
that has a single word to say on the subject,
and when the honorable Senator shall get,
through we shall proceed to vote. The Sena-
tor from Rhode Island may be able, to answer
the Senator from Minnesota as to when that
may be.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 desire to say to my
friend from Nevada that this is a very impor-
tant measure for our coast and all the commer-
cial cities. I think it should be acted upon
promptly. I am of the opinion that we can
take up the Colorado bill afterward, and 1 shall
be glad to give it my support; hut this meas-
ure is one of great importance, even if Rhode
Island thinks not.
The PRES1DEXT pro tempore. It is moved
that the special order and all prior orders be
postponed m order that, the discussion may
proceed upon the bill on which the Senator
from Rhode Island is upon the floor.
The motion iva« agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 remaiked, Mr. Presi-
dent,. that in a recent iiiteiview of the United
States minister at Si. Petersburg with the man-
ufacturers and conr.neicial men of Moscow the
question that now agitates and has agitated the
American people was discussed, and the con-
clusions arrived at were the conclusions of
those who desire to equalize American indus-
try with, the industry of the people of foreign
countries. The people of Russia had under-
stood that the transfer of their raw materials to
Germany, France, and England, and taking
therefrom their manufactured goods was the,
proper policy for Russia to pursue. 1 hey had
been led to reflect on the subject by the position
which this country had taken through those
wdio presented the contrary view in the legisla-
tion of the country, through the press, and
throusrh pamphlets written by distinguished
men, and they had come to a contrary conclu-
sion. They had commenced to establish man-
ufactories, and those who had heretofore em-
ployed their products in Germany, in England,
and in France, transferred them to the soil of
Russia, and the profits of the manufacture and
the profits of the raw material remained in
Rus^a: and the people of Germany, of Eng-
land, and of France have found it necessary
to find other markets for those products of
their factories heretofore consumed in Russia.
They believe in the doctrine that the raw ma-
teria!, whether it be corn, or hemp, or cotton,
or wool, must be perfected and increased to its
highest state of development ft"d value inline
country whoie it is produced. My fisend irom
Kansas [Sir. J'osibroy] 1ms succeeded m pro-
ducing the finest of goat hair, and sells it in a
foreign market for twelve or fifteen, dollars a
pound; but h e understands, and every Senator
can well understand, that if we had the ma-
chinery in this country for manufacturing it,
as fine an article of cameFs-hair scarfs and
shawls would be produced as is produced in
England or Prance; and the value of his goat
hair, instead of being twelve or fifteen dollars
a pound, would bring forty or fifty dollars near
his own door.
I believe in the proposition that the finer the
men and women and children in this country
are clothed the better they are. I do not be-
lieve in rags, except, as my friend from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] suggests, for paper, and I be-
lieve substitutes have been found superior to
that article for that purpose. I believe that
the clothing of the people of this country can
be manufactured by the people of this country
cheaper than the same clothing can bo manu-
factured bj any other people ; but, sir. we can-
not do it as we are now bound financially and
commercially. It is impossible for us to live
by the side of those who would destroy us;
who have plotted our political destruction and
our material destruction; who have shut us off
from every market of the world, and are now
endeavoring to destroy what remains for us in
our own country.
Sir, it is here that I desire to fight and to
destroy, it maybe, the power for evil of the
Governments of Great Britain and France. I
would destroy it through the industries of their
country and of their people. I would draw
their industries to this country. I would draw
their people who are now occupied upon those
industries here under the flag of this country.
But I would not organize armies and navies in
order to crash out the power of England, for
the moment that the national honor of that
people is attacked, they respond as one man
in defense of their Government,, however bad
it may be. A war with Great Britain is a war
with the people of Great Britain. Yon cannot
war with the Government and not touch the
people—a people who during the lastfourycars
have lived in abject poverty, half fed and half
clothed, and yet have stayed the progress and
the threatening altitude of their Government
and compelled it to keep peace with us, be-
cause it was their desire to strengthen the peo-
ple uf this country in the great contest in which
they were engaged. I am not disposed to make
war upon a people who have made* such sacri-
fices and for such principles. But I desire to
draw from that country the people engaged in
those industries and plant them under our flag
and sustain them here. Sir, the policy of those
who advocate this bill, if permitted to prevail,
is a policy that will, instead of bringing those
interests to this country, carry them to England
and to France, it is impossible for a state of
things like the present to continue and that re-
sult not be arrived at. I need not recite all
the instances of American inventors who are
to-day creating manufacturing interests abroad,
because they are over-taxed here, because they
arc taxed out of existence here, and because
our manufacturers, it' they expect to compete
with the manufacturers of England or France,
must go to England and France for that pur-
pose.
Sir. you cannot do without your manufac-
tures.'you cannot do without the people engaged
in those interests. From the time when Charles
V of Spain, through the influence of the Inqui-
sition and the Roman church, endeavored to
establish tlieltomish religion in Flanders, and
William of Orange, united with the weavers
of the Dutch republic, steadily, determinedlv.
vigorously opposed those measures, and suc-
ceeded in establishing their independence and
freedom from that church up to the present
time, those that have, been engaged in the man-
ufactures of their respective countries have '
been those that have been most loyal, most
true to principle, and most energetic in the
defense of principle and of right.
In proof of this assertion we need not go
further than the examples given to us by our
own country. Wo know that those engaged in
this interest in the Bast have been for a: long
time vigorously opposed to the aggressions ,ot
slavery. _ Their votes for the past ten years
have indicated the feelings that have actuated
those people. "When the war commenced-, and
when it began to assume the gigantic proper- •
tions that it did, where did you find an1 organi-
zation ready to respond to'the countn-y's.eail?
Sir, the call of the bell to the daily labor lias a
tendency to discipline the mind; it has a tend-
ency to organize men to habits of industry
and to obedience to law and regulation; it j
has a tendency to inculcate frugality and econ-
omy ; it has a tendency in every respect to
make free and industrious citizens, to make
wise and able advocates of our system of free
government, and in every rcspect it has atend-
ency to give power and strength to the nation.
Now, sir, I have about ended the remarks
which I designed to make. There is one thing
as to the details of the bill that I havo not
heretofore suggested. I desire to point outits
effect as a revenue measure. If I import goods
and leave them in bond, and if the tariff is in-
creased and I reexport those commodities and
enter them again for consumption at a decreased
tariff, the Government thereby loses the rev-
enue which it would havo received if those goods
had been entered for consumption at first. That
proposition has brought my mind to another
consideration, and 1 desire all who hear me to
give attention to it. By the accumulation of a
large stock of goods in bond at the beginning
of this war men wore made exorbitantly rich
in consequence of that accumulation, and the
people of the country were of necessity obliged
to pay for that exorbitant iucjease. If those
goods had been withdrawn for consumption the
moment of their entry into the ports of the
country, it will readily be perceived that the
people could have purchased all those commod-
ities at their fair value, and the goods would
have increased in price in their hands instead
of the hands of the original importer.
No one in the progress of this discussion has
given any-reasons why this warehouse system
should continue and why it should be strength-
ened in this way, or why this bill should pass.
While the system of taxation both on foreign
goods and on domestic products has been
changed in almost every particular, while you.
have inaugurated a new system of internal tax-
ation, increased and decreased your tariff and
regulated it in many ways, not a suggestion has
been made in reference to this system, but it has
been allowed to continue, and the proposition
now before the Senate will make it more ob-
jectionable in its provisions and more injurious
to the interest of the domestic producer than
ever before.
In the beginning we were told that this prop-
osition was a correct one because the Secretary
of the Treasury had informed us that it was
correct. We were told that it was intended to
create in bond an amount of goods that might
be exported to foreign countries or that the
ships of foreign countries might receive a sup-
ply. We controverted that doctrine by show-
ing by statements from the Government, itself*
that but ten millions of dutiable goods during
the past year had been reexported, That was
conclusive to the minds of those who investi-
gated the subject that it was not for that reason
this system was to be continued and strength-
ened and perfected.
We were told, again, that it was to regulate
the trade of the country; that the prices in
this country were unstable, and that upon the
continent of Europe and in Great Britain prices
were uniform; that they remained aboiit the
same from one year's end to the other. it was
suggested in reply, if you can change and reg-
ulate the prices in one extent, m any one par-
ticular, you can in all particulars. If you can
regulate"them low, you can regulate them high
a.swell. It must be apparent to the mind of any
man that any project that can regulate and fix
the prices of the commodities of this country is
a dangerous element in the hands of any man
or of any set of men.
Again, it has been suggested that it was to
