1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3243
stitutions hostile to the general good, seemed
likely to grasp the sovereignty of the nation
and wield it with exclusive regard to its own
ambition and its own interest. That time of
real danger was when the Missouri compromise
was repealed, and Kansas was likely to come
into the Union as a slave State. If she had
thus come in the number of free and slave States
would have been equal. But then the South
had elements of political power which made her
formidable. She had wealth. She monopo-
lized the best cotton of the world. Her cot-
ton, sugar, rice, and tobacco swelled the vast
volume of our commerce and regulated our
exchanges with Europe. She had for political
leaders men of great intellects, of iron will,
of towering ambition, men fit to struggle for
empire, and able to infuse their own bold and
audacious tempers into the great mass of the
southern people over whom their influence was
absolute and unbounded. She had a numerous
population, active, aspiring, and bold—a gen-
eration of'yonng men trained in the school of
Calhoun and McDuffie, nursed in the doctrine
of State rights and State sovereignty, taught
to believe in the right of secession, and edu-
cated in the faith that the South was the victim
of northern tyranny.
The South had the institution of slavery, an
institution powerful beyond conception, as a
bond of union to the southern States. Menaced
and assailed by the North, threatened with de-
struction from every quarter, obnoxious to the
moral sentiment of the civilized world, slavery
gave the South, as a jjolitical power, unity of
action, compactness, force, energy, and influ-
ence in the national councils such as no other
single instrumentality ever gave to any section
of this country from the beginning of its his-
tory. It gave her, too, an alliance with the
Democratic party of the northern States, a parly
powerful always by its traditions and its pop-
ular sympathies; powerful by the great men who
had distinguished and controlled it; by what it
had done and by what it had attempted. Sla-
very enabled the South to make an alliance
offensive and defensive with this Democratic
party of the northern States, and the two to-
gether wielded the power of the nation for a
long series of years, and but for the over-
weening ambition of slavery would have con-
tinued to wield it for many years to come.
Then, indeed, the southern States were for-
midable ; then we had reason to fear their per-
manent ascendency; the country felt the dan-
ger, and the people came up to the rescue. It
was then, when that danger became imminent,
when it pressed itself upon the feelings, atten-
tion, and fears of the whole nation; it was
then the Republican party was formed and
checked this aggression upon the freedom and
liberties of the Republic. That party was
formed in I80G, and it fulfilled its mission; it
triumphed and checked the aggression of sla-
very. It turned back in its career of triumph,
not only the institution of slavery, but the
Democratic party, which had become its ally.
It relieved the nation from the exacting sway
which had been fastened upon it, and restored
our country to the position where it could again
exercise the rights of a free and independent
people.
How is it at the present time ? Has the South
this power now? Suppose we assume that the
old division still exists, that there are still two
political sections in our country, one slave, the
other free, still struggling for ascendency; what
are their relative numbers and strength? The
South has been diminishing, while the North
has been increasing. New States have been
added to the North year by year, until now,
while the southern States—while the slave
States, if you choose so to designate them
still—the former slave States, even counting
among them Maryland. Kentucky, and Dela-
ware, number but fourteen, the free States num-
ber twenty-two. In 1850, after California had
been admitted, the free States were sixteen and
the slave States fifteen in number. If this old
division still existed, the slave States would have
twenty-eight members ofthe United States Sen-
ate, while we of the N orth would have forty-four.
In this House they would have seventy-three,
while we should have one hundred and sixty-
nine. Thus we should have more than two to
one in this branch of the national Legisla-
ture. But I am told the South is to have an
augmented strength hero in consequence of an
increased representation growing out of the
emancipation of the slaves in the southern
States. Well, sir, this is worth consideration.
I am very glad that wo have adopted a consti-
tutional amendment which will remedy that
inequality; for it is unquestionably an inequal-
ity, though it is one that has existed from the
very foundation of our Government. But, sir,
the southern States previous to the war had
four million slaves, three fifths of whom were
represented on this floor; that is to say, they
were entitled to the full representation of their
while population and of two million four hun-
dred thousand more. The slaves of the South
thus gave the South twenty additional members,
taking one hundred and twenty thousand as the
ratio of representation. How is it, now? 1
take it to be universally admitted that the war
has proved far more fatal to the colored popu-
lation ofthe southern States than to the whiles.
The testimony of all who arc familiar with the
statistics of mortality during the war is to the
effect that at least one fifth of the negroes of
the southern States have perished during the
rebellion. Many of those most familiar with
the subject estimate the ratio at a still higher
figure. General Grant, I believe, thinks that
one fourth of all the negroes who were in the
South at the opening of the war have per-
ished. Governor Aiken, of South Carolina,
testifies, from his personal knowledge, that of
his own slaves, who were probably as well
treated and as much protected as any portion
of the southern people, more than one fourth
have perished during the struggle from which
the nation has just emerged; and Jefferson
Davis, I see from the public prints, concedes
that one million of the slaves, one fourth of the
whole, have probably disappeared. r think it,
therefore, a reasonable estimate to assume that
one fifth of the four million slaves who were in
the South when the war broke out are there
110 longer. This would leave three million two
hundred thousand as the present aggregate of
the freed slaves of the southern States, and
they are to be represented man for man if this
amendment to the Constitution be not adopted.
That will give them, at the same ratio of rep-
resentation, as any gentleman will ascertain by
making the calculation, twenty-six members,
where they before had twenty. The number
of their Representatives, therefore, from this
single source of power, is to be increased by
the addition of precisely six;. TJicy will have
six more members on this floor than they would
have had if all their slaves had lived, and the
three fifths ratio of representation had been
preserved.
I do not think, sir, that this is very formida-
ble. I do not think we need appi'ehend tluii,
by the addition of those six members, the
southern States will gain by votes what they
have lost by arms. We must consider, too,
that they have lost, by deaths among their
white population, almost as largely—far more
largely in proportion than the North. Their
wealth has disappeared. They are utterly with-
out resources. There is not a dollar in their
treasuries. They have not a gun nor a bay-
onet nor a round of ammunition from one ex-
tremity of their land to the other. They have
none of the elements of aggression. They have
110 power to make themselves formidable. They
have lost all political influence and standing.
Their leaders, who gave direction and power
to their political councils, have disappeared
before the breath of the terrible whirlwind
which they themselves evoked. Their young
men, who, trained in the school of secession,
were ready and ripe for the contest, lie beneath
the soil which they deluged with blood. Sla-
very, the great bond which kept them together,
has disappeared before the same dreadful tem-
pest. They have no longer that great bond and
pledge of united action. Theirindustry is utterly
disorganized; their lands lie waste and unfilled;
their railroads arc torn up; the waters of their
rivers overflow their lands and destroy the crops
which alone can give them even the means of
living. There is no longer reason or justice in
speaking of the South as a section; as having
separate interests or separate aspirations or the
power to act as a unit for any special end. That
which gave it power to act compactly has dis-
appeared. It has lost, too, the power of ally-
ing itself with any parly in the northern States,
for in losing its unity it has lost everything that
made such an alliance desirable or possible.
And even if it should attempt such a union
for purposes hostile to the general good, no
party in the North would dare for a moment to
give it countenance or support; for the mo-
ment that any party of the North should unite
with those of the South who should aim at
such a thing, that party would go down before
the wrath of the northern people, as every
party has done hitherto that lent its aid to
designs hostile to the liberties ofthe Republic.
Now, sir, while they in that section are thus
losing power constantly, having no resources
from which to supply it, we of the North, 011
the contrary, are constantly augmenting our
power by the growth of population ; by immi-
gration from the countries of the Old World;
by augmenting wealth; by increasing activity
and enterprise; by advancing culture; by every-
thing that gives dignity and force and power to
great communities of men. Stale after State
comes into this Union, every one free and
associated in sentiment, sympathy, and inter-
est with the northern section of this great na-
tion. Shall we, then, to-day fear the South?
We have never feared it before. We did not
fear it in the days of its power. We met it
when the danger was imminent and apparent,.
We beat it here on this floor when it was te.11
times as powerful as it can be again within the
next fifty years. And when, full of rage and
unholy ambition, it fled discomfited from this
Hall and rushed to the field of battle, we beat
it there. Yet gentlemen stand here to-day say-
ing that unless we have "guarantees" the ex-
istence of the nation will again be imperiled
and the traitors and rebels of the South will
"gain by votes what they failed to secure by
arms!''
Sir, [ cannot help feeling that this appeal to
the fears of the nation savors somewhat of
pusillanimity. I would far ralhcr, sir, look in
other quarters for the mothes that are to guide
my action. I sympathize rather with John
Quiney Adams when years ago he replied to
appeals of a kindred nature, " The Govern-
ment of the United Stales never takes coun-
sel of its fears; it consults only ils courage
and its hopes." Why may we not to-day take
the same high ground, do what we deem to be
wise and just, and for the good of the nation,
without, being deterred by the paltry appeals
—I will not call them paltry, for their motive
may be good—by the unjusl, the unfounded
appeals which are made to our apprehensions
lest we should lose that authority and control
which we have never failed to hold when it
was a question of votes, and which we have
gathered again to ourselves and fastened here
forever by the final appeal of differing nations,
the field of battle?
The South gain what it has lost by arms!
What did it, seek by its appeal to arms? Its
independence. It sought to overthrow the
supremacy of the Government. Is it seeking
that now? Is there any reason to suppose that
the southern people dream of seeking it again ?
And is there the faintest shadow of discernible
danger that, if they should seek it, they could
ever under any circumstances accomplish it?
Does any man here or elsewhere believe they
can ever again make an appeal to arms, that
they can ever again attempt to overthrow this
Government under circumstances one half as
favorable as those which surrounded the trial
which has just been closed? They grow in
strength, you say; they increase in wealth and
population. Ay. sir, and for every step they
