3244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 18,
take in that direction we stride leagues ahead
of them. Moreover, sir, this fear, this appeal
to apprehension, rests wholly on the assump-
tion that if their Representatives do come
again into these Halls they will come as rebels.
We are constantly told that "the rebels" are
seeking admission to Congress, and there is
very great danger of their getting admission
here, and then by alliance with other parties,
seizing the power and wielding it against the
public good; and the only way to prevent this
catastrophe is to pass this bill for their exclu-
sion. But, sir, the remedy is as futile as the
apprehension is unfounded.
livery one knows that Congress can exclude
them without this bill just as well as with it.
This bill, if it becomes a law, can have no valid-
ity, no binding force. The Constitution gives to
this House the right—absolute, unqualified—to
admit all members whom it may judge to be duly
clectcd, returned, and qualified. Pass this bill
to-day, you may to-morrow, in spite of it, admit
Eepresentatives from every southern State if
you see fit. The next Congress may repeal it
as soon as it gets here. It is brutum fulmen.
No man on this floor will contend that it will
interfere with or obstruct the action of Coti-
gressone hour beyond the wish and will of Con-
gress upon this subject of admitting members
to seats upon this floor. Then what good can
it possibly accomplish ?
Another thing, sir. I know of none, except
possibly the gentlemen who sit on the other
political side of this House, who desire or
would be willing to admit to seats here men
who have been engaged in the rebellion. I do
not know that our political opponents would
desire this, though there is perhaps some rea-
son for supposing that they hold the opinion
that men should not be questioned as to their
past conduct, but that they should be admitted
to seals if they are loyal now. But, whether
this be so or not, 1 know no one else ; T know
no one who professes to belong to the Union
party; 1 know no member of the political ma-
jority upon this floor who is in favor of admit-
ting to a share of legislat ion here any man from
any Ktal.o who cannot take the test oath we
have prescribed. That certainly is our posi-
tion, And just as certainly is it the position
of the President of the United States. It is
common to attribute to him opinions on this
point uhicli seem to me wholly unwarranted.
Both on this (loor and through the public press
it is asserted that his policy is to admit mem-
bers from the southern States whether they
can take the test oath we have prescribed or
not. The President has neither said nor done
anything to give a shadow or warrant for such
assumptions. In all the language he has used
he has always held that it was the absolute
right of each House of Congress to judge of the
qualifications of its members, to adopt such
tests of loyalty as it chooses, and to exclude
from its deliberations every man who cannot
stand that test as disqualified.
Mr. \VINFIELD. My colleague will allow
me to ask him a question.
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly.
Mr. YVI a I' ll'] LD. I ask my colleague
whether he says there is any desire on this
side of the House to introduce rebels upon
this floor.
_ Mr. RAYMOND. I made no such asser-
tion.
Mr. WINFIELD. I understood the gentle-
man to say that there are some reasons why
he suspected a design of that kind. I had
hoped that my colleague would go off the floor
without a fling at this side.
Mr. RAYMOND. I did not intend to make
any '■ fling," nor to attribute any improper de-
signs to the opposite side of the House. I
interred that they might be less rigid than this
side in judging of qualifications as based on
past acts, because I was under the impression
that they were not in favor of the test oath.
Unless I am very much mistaken, gentlemen
on the other side voted against it, and some
of them, I am sure, favor its abolition. Does
not that warrant me in saying or suspecting
that they hold to the right of those States
to be represented by any men they may send
here ? I am sure I did not travel beyond the
record in what I said, nor did I mean to in-
dulge in any sneer or fling. I trust I can dis-
cuss questions of this sort without descending
to appeals of that kind ; but if gentlemen on
the other side, who are authorized to speak
for the Democratic party, whether it be the
gentleman- from Maryland [Mr. Harris] or
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] or
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Bi.dridge]
or any other, will say that they are in favor of
maintaining the principle of that test oath and
of excluding from this House every one who
took any part voluntarily in the rebellion, I
shall listen to them with very great pleasure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, does the
gentleman from New York hold that be-
cause  ..
Mr. RAYMOND. I yield only for an an-
swer ; not for the purpose of being catechised.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not intend to cate-
chise.
Mr. RAYMOND. If the gentleman has any-
thing to say pertinent to the question I have
put, I will yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire simply to say
this: that because a person may be opposed to
the test oath is not a reason in itself that he
desires to have rebels on this floor. Suppos-
ing the Supreme Court, as it is intimated they
have, should have come to the conclusion that
the test oath, as it is called, is unconstitutional
and void; is that evidence to this House or to
the country or to the gentleman from New
York that they desire to admit rebels on the
floor of Congress? If that oath is in violation
of the Constitution, and gentlemen on this side
or that side sce iit to oppose it on that ground,
is that of itself any evidence that they desire
to have rebels admitted to the floor of Con-
gress? It seems to mo not, and I therefore
think the gentleman's argument is not sound
or just, that even if individuals here are op-
posed to the test oath upon constitutional or
other grounds, it is any evidence that they are
in alliance with rebels or desire to ally them-
selves with them upon this floor or anywhere
else.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have listened with at-
tention to the argument of the gentleman. I
shall allow it to pass without any attempt at
reply, because I am not engaged in that par-
ticular discussion now. But I wish to ask him
a question pertinent to the issue he has made,
and shall be obliged if he will answer it. Is
he personally, and so far as he knows are the
members of the party with which he acts, in
favor of admitting members who may come
here from the States lately in insurrection, who
voluntarily took part in the rebellion; or would
lie or they consider that fact as a disqualifica-
tion for holding seats here ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not authorized to
speak for those around me on this side of the
House, but I have been willing to act with that
gentleman, and I believe a majority of the
Democrats here have been willing to act with
him, in admitting the Representatives from the
States by districts, considering their character
as they present themselves and the character
of their constituency. I believe that to be the
feeling and opinion on this side of the House,
so far as I have heard it expressed. In regard
to the test oath, I frankly admit that I am as
an individual in favor of its repeal, believing it
to be unconstitutional and void.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman has given
quite as an explicit an answer as I expected
from him.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will
yield 
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not yield at present.
Mr. MARSHALL. I appeal to him to yield.
Mr. RAYMOND. Not yet. The gentleman
from Wisconsin says that he is willing to act
with me; but the question is, how far? I know
that up to a ccrtain point he is. For example,
he is willing to act with me in favor of admitting
Representatives by districts. Now, I want to
know this: suppose a man presents himself
hero from a district in Tennessee, Georgia,
Mississippi, or South Carolina, and is tested
by this House as to his qualifications, and he is
asked the question, under oath, '-Did you take
part in the rebellion ; did you extend aid and
comfort to it; did you make yourself by your
voluntary action a responsible party to the re-
bellion?" and he says, "Yes, I did;" now, I
would like to know if, assuming that in all
other respects he is qualified to be a member
here, the gentleman would vote for his admis-
sion or for his exclusion?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will say for myself—
and I hold no other man responsible for what
1 do say—that if any gentleman comes here
elected by the people of any district of any
southern State and has the requisite personal
constitutional qualifications, I shall vote for his
admission if I have the opportunity.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, sir, the gentleman
will excuse me for saying that that is an entire
evasion of my question.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him if he would vote for the admis-
sion of any one coming from the southern
States who has not the constitutional qualifi-
cation as a member of Congress?
Mr. RAYMOND. I would not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then 1 would say to the
gentleman more explicitly, that I would not
either; but should any one come here having
the qualifications which are required by the
Constitution of the United States, (and I know
no other test and would apply none other,) I
would vote for his admission.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman has not
at all answered my question, and he is aware,
I think, of that fact. Perhaps he did not intend
or wish to answer it. If so I will not press it.
But assuming that he has been trying to answer
it, and has been unfortunate in his attempts, I
again request him to say whether he would vote
for the admission or exclusion of a member
who had taken part in the rebellion, but who
was in all other respects qualified.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think I have answered
the gentleman in the only manner it is possi-
ble. 1 can go on and state what qualifications
a member should have. They are those pre-
scribed in the Constitution and laws of the
country. That test I would apply, and none
other.
Mr. RAYMOND. The question is not what
qualifications a man must have, but what, in
the judgment of the gentleman, would disqual-
ify a man from admission; whether the fact
of having voluntarily participated in the rebel-
lion would or would not, in liis judgment, dis-
qualify such a man from becoming a member
of this Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If there is any constitu-
tional authority to exclude him, then I would
vote against his admission. If he has violated
the laws of the country or the Constitution of
the United States so far as to unfit him to be
a Representative according to the Constitution
and laws of the United States, then I would
vote against him.
Mr. RAYMOND. Will the gentleman allow
me to proceed a little further? Does the gen-
tleman, or does he not, hold that voluntary
participation in the rebellion is such a viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States as
would "disqualify a man from membership?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe when a man
has become infamous by the conviction of crime,
that that does disqualify him unless he should
have been fully and unconditionally pardoned.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then unless a man has
been convicted by a court and jury of partici-
pation in the rebellion, the gentleman would
not hold him disqualified. Is that his position?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not answer in that
way. I answer that would be good evidence
that he was unfit.
Mr. RAYMOND. His conviction?
" Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. RAYMOND. Suppose he was not con-
victed, but was known to the gentleman to
have been a rebel.
