2284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
woxld atrocities so monstrous as to defy all
definition, and which nothing but the hot
incubation of the slave power, as the ripe fruit
of its two hundred years of diabolism, could
have warmed into life. Sir, he has done every-
thing, by the help of his confederates, that an
incarnate demon could do to let loose "the
whole contagion of hell,'; and convert his native
land into one grand refuge of devils.
Mr. Speaker, the pardon of a criminal so
transcendently guilty would be an act in itself
strongly partaking of treason against the nation.
It would be at once a monstrous denial and a
frightful mockery of justice. Do you plead for
mercy to the great confederate assassin? I
refer that plea to the Father of Mercies, who,
I believe, only pardons on condition of re-
pentance; and as yet I have heard of no rebel
leader who even professes penitence for his
crimes. Sir, I repudiate, as counterfeit, the
mercy which can only be exercised by tramp-
ling justice under our feet, while it forgets both
jnsticeand mercy to the millions who have been
made to inouru through stricken lives by the hu-
man monsters who plunged our peaeclul coun-
try into war. The loyal people of the nation
demand that they be dealt with as criminals.
For myself, I would not have a civil trial for
the leader of a belligerent power, which has
maintained a public war against us for years.
The nation cannot afford to sfibmit the question
of the right of a State to secede to a jury of
twelve men in one of the rebel States, and a
majority of them traitors, under an implied
alternative that if they fail to convict, the Gov-
ernment itself would stand convicted of half a
million murders. After the nation has estab-
lished its right to exist by a four years' war, it
cannot put that right on trial by a jury of its
conquered enemies, or any earthly tribunal. Sir,
lot .Jeffeison Davis be tried by a military court,
as he should have been, promptly, at the time
other and smaller offenders were dealt with a
year ago. Let him have the compliment of a
formal inquiry to determine what the whole
world already knows, that he is immeasurably
guilty. And when that guilt is pronounced let
tile Govern mm 1: erect a gallows, and hang him
in the name of the Most High. I put aside
mercy on the one hand, and vengeance on the
Other, and the simple claim I assert, in the
nation's behalf, is justice. In the name of half
a million soldiers who have gone before their
Maker as witnesses against "the deep damna-
tion of their taking off' in the name of our
living soldiers, who have waded through seas
of fire in deadly conflict with rebels in arms;
in the name of the Itepublie, whose life has only
been saved by the precious offering of multi-
tudes of her most idolized children; in the name
of the great future, with its procession of count-
less generations of men, whose fate to-day swings
in the balance, awaiting the example you are to
make of treason, I demand the execution of
Jefferson Davis. The gallows is the symbol
of infamy throughout the civilized world, and
no criminal ever earned a clearer right to be
crowned with its honors.
Sir, I ask why the Constitution should be
mocked when it demands his life? What right
have the authorities of the Government, to cheat
the halter out of hisneck? No!, to rail the honors
and offices of this nation, not for all the gold
and glory of the world, would I spare him if
in my power; for I would expect the ghosts of
three hundred thousand murdered soldiers to
haunt my poor, cowardly life to the grave. As
1 have said already, the punishment of the rebel
conspirators is a necessary part of the work of
suppressing the rebellion. Their treason was
deliberately aimed at the cause of free govern-
ment on earth, and they are justly to be classed
among the guiltiest wretches whose crimes ever
drenched the earth in blood. Every one of
them should have a felon's death. The grave
of every one of them should be made a grave
of infamy, and the cause they served should be
pilloried by all the ages to eotne. Sir, if you
discharge the confederate chiefs because of the
very magnitude of their work of carnage, you
offer a public license to treason hereafter. You
say to turbulent and seditious spirits every-
where that they have full liberty, when it may
snit their convenience, to levy war against the
nation, and that while it may lead their deluded
followers to wholesale slaughter, they shall be
allowed to escape. You say that although the
nation participated in the hanging of Jolin
Brown as a traitor, for the crime of loving lib-
erty " not wisely, but too well," that same na-
tion, which has copied John Brown's example
in emancipating slaves by military power, shall
turn loose upon society the hideous.monster who
waged war to establish and eternize a mighty
slave empire on the ruins of our free institu-
tions. And j'ou speak it in the ear of the nations
as your deliberate estimate of the value of free
government, whose very life is the breath of
the people, that the bloody conspirator who
seeks to destroy it by the hand of war is unde-
serving of punishment, and consequently inno-
cent of crime.
Mr. Speaker, can we, dare we, hope for the
favor of God in thus confounding the distinc-
tion between right and wrong, between treason
and loyalty, and forgetting that government is
a divine ordinance, whose authority can only
be maintained by enforcing obedience to its
mandates? I speak earnestly, because 1 feel
deeply, on this question of the punishment of
leading traitors. The grand peril of the hour
comes from the mistake of the Government on
this point. During the war our deserters and
bounty jumpers were executed. Our brave boys,
overcome by weariness, who fell asleep at their
posts as sentinels, were shot. A year ago the mis-
erable tools of Davis and Lee, selected for their
infernal deeds because of their known fitness
to perform them, were summarily tried and
hung. But in no solitary instance has treason
yet been dealt with as a crime. Pardon, par-
don, pardon, has been the order of the day, as if
the Government desired to make haste to apol-
ogize for its mistake in fighting traitors, and
wished to reinstate itself in their good opinion.
Beccaria, in his celebrated Essay on Crimes and
Punishments, says that " clemency is a virtue
which belongs to the legislator, aud not to the
executor of the laws ; a virtue which ought to
shine in the code, and not in private judgment.
To show mankind that crimes are sometimes
pardoned, and that punishment is not the ne-
cessary conseqneiicc, is to nourish the (tatter-
ing hope of impunity, and is the cause of their
considering every punishment inflicted as an act
of injustice and oppression. The prince, in
pardoning, gives up the public security in favor
of an individual, and by ill-judged benevolence
proclaims a public act of impunity."
Dr. Lieber says that " every pardon granted
upon insufficient grounds becomes a serious
offense against society, and he that grants it is,
in justice, answerable for the offenses which the
offender may commit, and the general injury
done to political morality by undue interference
with the law." \\ ith these wise and just senti-
ments the President of the United States, on
accepting his high office, perfectly agreed. He
declared that mercy to the individual is often
cruelty to the State. He said that "robbery
is a crime, murder is a crime, treason is a
crime, and crime must be punished." Hesaid
that'; treason must be made odious, and traitors
impoverished," and ho leiterated and multi-
plied these declarations on very many occasions
which were offered him for weeks aud months
following his inauguration. He repeatedly
referred, approvingly, to his past record, cov-
ering declarations in favor of hanging the lead-
ing traitors, in favor of dividing up their great
plantations into small farms for honest and
industrious men, without regard to color, and
in favor of breaking up the great aristocracy of
the South, and compelling the rebels to "take
the back seats in the work of reconstruction."
For a season the whole loyal country was elec-
trified by the clear ring of his words, while
rebels were as completely palsied and dumb.
They understood tl^ new President quite as
little as his loyal friends. They expected no
quarter, and studiously sought their pleasure in
the will of the Executive. They would have
assented gladly to any terms or conditions of
reconstruction dictated by him, including even
negro suffrage. Having staked all on the issues
of war and lost, they felt that they were entitled
only to such rights as tlie conqueror might see_
fit to impose.
, Sir, this golden season was sinned away by
the President, and that systematic recreancy
to his pledges and record which has marked
his subsequent career, has brought the country
into the m&st fearful peril. The responsibility
is upon him, and it must be measttred_ by the
magnificent opportunity which the situation
afforded him for an easy solution of our na-
tional difficulties, and at the same time a solid
and permanent reconstruction of the South.
"No important political movement," says a
famous English writer, "was ever obtained in
a period of tranquillity. If the effervescence of
the public mind is suffered to pass away with-
out effect, it would be absurd to expect from
languor what enthusiasm has not obtained. If
radical reform is not, at such a moment, pro-
cured, all partial changes are evaded and de-
feated in the tranquillity which succeeds."
These are suggestive and solemn words, and
the reflection is a \ery sad one that the nation
to-day would have been saved and blest, if
the President had heeded them. He disobeyed
the divine command to " execute justice in the
morning," and did not even remember the
heathen maxim, that "the gods themselves
cannot save those who neglect opportunities."
Sir, while I dislike the occupation of an
alarmist, I must say that I have seen few
darker seasons than the present since the first
battle of Bull Run. The President has not
kept the faith. He has not favored the hang-
ing of a single rebel leader. He has not made
treason infamous, nor impoverished traitors.
He has not favored the confiscation of rebel
estates, and their distribution among the poor.
He has not required traitors to take the back
seats in the work of reconstruction. He has
not cooperated with Congress in placing the
governing power of the South and of the na-
tion in the hands of loyal men. He has not
shown himself the "Moses'' of our loyal colored
millions in leading them out of their grievous
bondage. He has done the opposite of all these.
The Richmond Times, the leading organ of
treason in Virginia, says that "in his course
toward the mass of those who supported the
southern confederacy the President has been
singularly magnanimous and wisely lenient.
jSfine tenths of those who for four years, with
unparalleled gallantry upheld the confederacy,
have long since been unconditionally pardoned.
The cabinet officers who counseled the presi-
dent of the confederacy, the congressmen who
enacted those stringent conscript and imprison-
ment laws which kept up our armies, and many
distinguished generals of the confederate ar-
mies, have either been formally pardoned, or
been released upon parole, and no one dreams
that they will ever be molested in person or
estate. The military bastiles of the country,
with one exception, have long since been
thrown open, and the distingnished confed-
erate officers who were confined in them have
been restored to their friends and families."
And these Virginia traitors who thus damn
our President by their encomiums openly
demand the unconditional release of Jefferson
Davis from prison. Judging the President by
the logic of his policy thus far, the demand
will be complied with. When he decided,
nearly a year ago, against the trial of Davis
by a military court, lie virtually decided that
his treason should go unpunished; for no jury
of southern rebels would ever find a verdict of
guilty, and the trial itself would only be ail in-
sult to the nation. Jefferson Davis, I doubt
'not, is to be restored to his family and friends,
and the argument of consistency demands it at
the hands of the President.
Robert E. Lee, whose spared life has out-
raged the honest claims of the gallows ever
since his surrender, is running at large, per-
fectly unmolested and safe from all harm.
Black with treason, perjury, and murder, guilt-
