(280
OKIE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBI.
January 16,
■diers, and by inference, to thecause far which
-the soldier fought, is ungenerous and unjust.
Let facts answer.
In 1861, when the President of the United
States called for troops to defend this capital,
New Jersey soldiers were foremost among those
who marched to the rescue, and a New Jersey
brigade was the first organized brigade in the
front. The Legislature of New Jersey—a Dem-
ocratic Legislature—was convened at extra ses-
sion. Ample means were provided for the
Jaisiag and equipment of troops. Fifteen dol-
lars a month were guarantied to the soldiers
during the whale war—four dollars more than
was, then paid by the General Government.
In 1862 the Democracy of New Jersey con-
strolled the. political power of the State, both
in its executive and legislative branches. No
'more fervent appeals were made to the pa-
triotism of the people to sustain the laws than
wore made by Joel Parker, Democratic Gov-
ernor of New Jersey. No more liberal legis-
lation was devised by any State to carry on the
war than by the Democratic Legislature of that
State.
Mr. STARR. I would like to ask my col-
league whether I understood him to state that
the Democratic Legislature of New Jersey pro-
vided for the support of the first troQps which
were sent in 1861 ?
Mr. SJLTGKEAVES. Yes, sir.
• Mr. STAIIR. I beg leave to say that that
measure was adopted in opposition to the Dem-
ocratic portion of the Legislature ; that we had
then an American party in the Legislature, and
the Democrats made it a party question upon
voting for the appropriation — a strict party
question. And the Executive of the State was
not in the hands of the Democracy at that time.
Mr. SITGREAVES. Laws were passed by
a Democratic Legislature authorizing the rais-
ing of bounties for the support of troops, and
appropriations were made for -the payment of
bounties to tlie families and widowed mothers
of the soldiers in the service, and which were
promptly paid during the whole war. But the
crowning glory of the Democracy of New Jer-
sey was that they provided an asylum in which,
at the public expense, the orphan of the soldier
is educated and maintained.
And how, sir, did the people respond to these
Democratic appeals? Go ask the thirty regi-
ments of infantry and five batteries of artillciy,
composed of Jerseymeu, always in the front,
always in the fight. Go read the history of the
war, and there sec a New Jersey regiment check-
ing the retreat when the army of the Republic
ignominiously fled at Bull Run. Go read the
list of the dead in the hospitals, and on the battle-
field, and in rebel prisons. Go to the five thou-
sand New Jersey fathers, and ask each of them,
"Where is your son, who five years since stood
at your hearth-stone in his manly strength, the
hope of your declining years?" and he will tell
you that he marched to sustain the old fiag at
the call of theDemocracy, and his body, pierced j
by rebel shot or bayonet, molders in a bloodv j
grave upon the battle-field. Goto five t housand
Jersey mothers, and ask each of them, "Where
ia your boy, the light of your eye, the love of
your heart,?" and her answer will be ''Rachel
weeping for her children, and refusing to be
comforted because they are not."
Sir, it is not only unjust, not only ungen-
erous to charge the Democracy of New .lersey
with unfriendliness to the soldier after all these
sacrifices, but, sir, it is cruel. If there is one
thing under heaven that Jcrseymen are more
proud of than another, it is the deeds of her
soldier sons; for their deeds are identified with
the glory and the history of this great Republic. !
In the war of the Revolution the militia of New !
Jersey, in the darkest crisis of that war, were
almost the sole support of the standard of Wash-
ington; and they sustained that standard in many
hard-fought conflicts from the hour that the bat-
tle-fares ol the Revolution were kindled at Lex-
ington, until it waved in final and glorious tri-
umph over the heights of Yorktown. In the
second war of Independence, the war with Great
Britain in X812, they were true to the old flag.
While some thought it unbecoming a moral and
religious people to rejoice at our victories, the
Democracy of New Jersey rejoiced at the suc-
cess of our arms. They burnt their blue-lights,
too, in front of the enemy ; but their blue-lights
were the smoke of their cannon and the flash of
their bayonets. In the war with Mexico, while
some prayed that our boys might be greeted
with bloody hands and hospitable graves, the
N ew Jersey Democracy-were true to thatflag and
gave it material and moral aid until it floated
over the halls of the Montezumas. Wherever
that old flag is waved, wherever it floats, in
the camp or over the deck, there Jerseymen and
Jersey Democrats have ever been found, and
I trust in God ever will be, to maintain its honor
or to die in its defense.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, the discussion of this bill has been
lengthy and the arguments have been ample. I
should not feel it necessary at this time to oc-
cupy the attention of the House on the subject,
but for the fact that my native State, during the
course of this debate, has been alluded to. My
colleague from the fourth district [Mr. Kelley]
has stated to you here that prior to 1838 ne-
groes were allowed the privilege of the elective
franchise in the State of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman has told the truth in that particular,
but he has failed to tell the whole truth. Sir,
is lie not aware that a judicial decision has been
made in Pennsylvania upon this very point?
Pennsylvania abolished slavery on the 1st of
March, 1780, and ever since that period her
legislation has tended to ameliorate the con-
dition of that race; but at the same time her
legislation, and the position of parties in that
State, have uniformly recognized a distinction
between the two races. Our constitution of 1790
contained the word "freemen," and under that
provision of the constitution, negroes claimed
the right to vote in Pennsylvania, and I believe
it is well authenticated that they did vote. But,
sir, at the October election in 1835, in the county
of Luzerne, a negro applied to vote; the inspect-
ors of the election conducting the polls denied
him the right to vote, and his vote was rejected,
whereupon a suit was instituted and a decision
given in his favor in the lower court, and that
decision was overruled by the supremo court
in 1837. The opinion was delivered by Chief
Justice Gibson, and his opinions are fully known
to every lawyer in this House; he stands as a
jurist at the head. The opinion of the court
was unanimous, concurred in by four other genJ
tlemen of almost equal talent and reputation
with himself. The question turned upon the
word "freeman," whether it meant a citizen
and entitled him to vote. That decision of
the court, while it was unanimous, was also
clear on the point of declaring that the word
"freeman" meant white men and not black
men, and that consequently black men were not
entitled to vote under the constitution of 17U0.
The question was further agitated until a con-
vention met in January, 1888. My distinguished
colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, was a member of that convention, and if
I misstate anything that there occurred he can
correct me. This question was agitated there,
and in order to set the matter at rest and have
no further equivocal language in the constitu-
tion, the word "white" was inserted by a vote
of nearly two thirds, after a lengthy and one of
the most intellectual discussions that has ever
taken place in any public body in Pennsylvania.
So much for the right of the negro to vote in
Pennsylvania. I thought it necessary, in an-
swer to the statement of my colleague that
negroes voted in Pennsylvania, to give the true
and correct history, both judicial and politicals
My colleague stated further that it was the
Democratic party which adopted that amend-
ment to the constitution and deprived the negro
of the right to vote in that convention. I am
glad to say, from my reading and from my asso-
ciations with the party, that the Democratic
party of Pennsylvania have uniformly been
against extending the right of suffrage to the
negro race.
Mr. KELLEY. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Certainly.
-Mr. KELLEY. I do not understand my col-
league to deny that colored men were voters at
the foundation of the Government, and thence
down to 1835. Do I rightly understand him?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
deny that some colored people in Pennsylvania
voted down to the year 1835. But I say that
accordiogto the judgment of the courtthey voted
illegally, when they had no right to vote.
Mr. KELLEY. In other words, that in 1835
we had a Dred Scott decision in the State of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It was
no fabulous or made-.up ease at all, but a case
upon the facts.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the Dred Scott case was a fabulous
case?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I used
the terms so familiar to the gentleman and the
party to which he belongs, who constantly call
that a fabulous and made-up ease. I am not
going to be led into a discussion of the Dred
Scott decision at this time. I desired to refer
the gentleman to the decision of the supreme
court of Pennsylvania; and he cannot escape
from it.
Now, as to the gentleman's allegation that it
was the Democratic party who took away from
and deny to the colored people the right to vote.
Sir, that party have always had the cooperation
and the aid of vast numbers of the other party.
The convention which met in 1838 elected, as
its presiding officer, Hon. John Sergeant. It
was a Whig convention; it§ organization was
Whig; yet two thirds of that convention voted
to insert in .the constitution of Pennsylvania the
word "white," and lean give the gentleman
additional authority, such authority as ho has
heretofore usually regarded as wise. I allude
to the gentleman who is now the attorney gen-
eral ofPennsylvania, Hon. William L. Mere-
dith. He spoke in that convention; and for
the purpose of edifying my colleague [Mr. Kel-
ley] I will read one or two extracts from his
speech there. He says, in the course of his
remarks:
"He was willing to extend political rights as far as
he could, with refereneeto the happiness, well-hoing,
and security of society. But he had. cloubts as to the
propriety of admitting the colored people into our po-
litical family on the footing of others."
Now, is not that sound authority for the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] my
colleague? Mr. Meredith is the leviathan, so
to speak, of the Pennsylvania bar. Again, he
says:
" There is something peculiar in there] ation in which
the colored rn.ee stand to the whites, which renders a
distinction inevitable. It has been said that it is
enough to show a man is a citizen to show that hu
has tho right of suffrage. This is not the case. The
white man who has not paid a tax, or who is aminor,
or who has not been assessed, is not the less a citizen,
not the less entitled to protection, yet he is not per-
mitted to exercise the right of suffrage."
Furthermore, let me say to the gentleman
that he is seeking to do that here, upon the peo-
ple of this District, which he failed to make an
issue at home. Ho claims the power to force
upon the people of this District negro suffrage.
But why does he claim the power to do this
here when he fails to make the same issue in
his own district?
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is slightly
mistaken there. When I was quite a young
man, and somewhat active in the Democratic
party, I united with others in petitioning the
Legislature of my State to initiate a change of
the constitution so that every man who was not
a pauper or a felon could be a citizen in the
full enjoyment of the privileges of citizenship;
and I have not a constituent, whether he be-
longs to my party or that of the gentleman, who
does not know that I plead the cause of justice
and right, and advocate the extension of'sufFi age
to every tax-paying adult male citizen who has
not been convicted of crime.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. I am glad
the gentleman has informed me what bis record
