#204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
Eekley, Bggleston, Elbt. Sarnsworth, FcfO', Gar-
field, Abner C. Hardin?, Hart, I-Iayes, Higby, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard. James R. Hubbetl, Julian, Kasson, Kclley,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Latin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marston, MoClurg,
McKucr, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Myers,Newell,O'Neill,Orth,Paine, Patterson, Price,
Raymond, Boilins, Sawyer, Sehenok. Scofield, Shel-
labarger, Spalding. Stevens, Trowbridge, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, BobertT. Van Horn, Ward,
Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, and Wood-
bridge—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley, Bergen,
Boyer, Bldridge, Finek, Glossbrenn er, Harris, Hoptan,
Johnson, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall. Nib-
lack, Nicholson. Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Strouse, Tabor, Nelson
Taylor, Trimble, James F. Wilson, Windom, Win-
field, and Wright—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegce, Bundy, Chanlcr, Reader W. Clarke,
Cook, Cooper, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Del-
ano, Doming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Farquhar,
Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale. Aaron
Hardin?:, Henderson, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, l)c -
mas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hiibbell, Ilulburd, Hum-
phrey, Insersoll, Jenekes, Jones. Kelso Kotcham,
Leftwieli, Longyear, Marvin, Maynai d, McCullough,
Mclndoe, MeKee, Moulton. Nocll. Porham, Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, WiJliam H. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John H. ltice. Si tardives, Sloan. Smith,
Starr, Stilwell, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas. John L. Thomas, Thornton. Upson,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, and Stephen J?. Wilson—76.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to recoasider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DOti'OHUK, RYAN AND SECOR.
The Inst, business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 141, for the relief of Donolnie,
Ryan & Seeor; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I raise the point of order
that this contains an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The point being made, it
must go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think this ought
to go to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BIDWELL. It has been to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Commit.t«e of the Whole.
Mr. WI-bSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred to the
Committee of the Whole; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated as the next business
in order the calling of committees for reports,
as in the morning hour, commencing with the
Committee on Military Affairs.
LEWIS F. FIX.
_Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution for
the relief of Lewis Ferdinand Fix; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read in full. It directs the
proper accounting officer to pay to the claim-
ant the pay and emoluments of lieutenant col-
onel of infantry from March 1, 1805, to July
<2 , 1805.
Mr. CONKLING. Does not this contain an
appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It docs not.
Mr. ,SCIIENCK. It is accompanied by a
report explaining the reasons, which I will
'nave read if any one desires it. If not I will
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engro sed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Oh, no ; allow the Military
Committee twenty minutes.
Mr. SCOETELD. I withdraw, with the un-
derstanding that the gentleman gets through in
fifteen minutes.
bounties of veteran soldiers.
On motion of Mr. SCSENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs were discharged from
the further consideration of bill of the House
No. 622, to provide for computing the bounties
of veteran soldiers, so as to protect the rights
of such; and the same was laid on the table.
RAILROADS THROUGH MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, tfie Commit-
tee on Military Affairs were also discharged
from the further consideration of the joint res-
olution of. the House No. 183, concerning the
right of way of railroad companies through
military reservations, and for other purposes;
and the same was laid on the table.
EDWAKD QUILL.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs were also discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of Edward Quill, an old soldier; and the same
was laid on the table.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs were discharged from
the further consideration of the bill of the
House No. 128, concerning the pay depart-
ment of the United States Army; and the
same was laid on the tablo.
PETITIONS AND RESOLUTIONS TABLED.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs were also discharged
from the further consideration of sundry peti-
tions and resolutions that had been referred to
thorn ; and the same were laid on the table;
EAST TENNESSEE CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs were also discharged
from the further consideration of House bill
No. GSli, to establish a commission for the set-
tlement of claims against the Government of
the United States held by loyal citizens of
East Tennessee; and the same was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
MICHIGAN JIILITIA.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs were also discharged
from the further consideration of the bill of
the House No. 072, for the relief of certain
companies of Michigan militia ; and the same
was referred to 'the Committe of Claims.
QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT.
On motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs were also discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of messengers in the quartermaster's depart-
ment for increase of pay ; and the same was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
DRAFTED MEN
Mr. ANCONA, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of certain drafted men ; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. WARD. Does not that bill contain an
appropriation ?
Mr. ANCONA. I propose to amend the bill
by striking out the last proviso.
Mr. WARD. I ask the Chair to state whether
this bill contains an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The bill reads, " and there
Is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated." The
bill does contain an appropriation.
Mr. WARD. Then I insist that, under the
rule, the bill shall go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. *
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN W. TAYLOK.
Mr. ANOONA, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
John W. Taylor; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
proper accounting officers of the Government
to pay to John W. Taylor, late sergeant of
company F, twenty-seventh regiment Kentucky
infantry, a sum equal to the pay of a sergeant
from the 30th of June, 1868, to the 31st of
January, 1864, in full of all claims for military
services.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ANCONA. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 49, noes 43.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at ten minutes of ten o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 27, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with.
reports of committees.  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred a communica-
tion from the Second Auditc ■ of the Treasury
communicating copies of accounts of persons
charged with the disbursement of moneys,
goods, or effects of any kind for the benefit of
Indians from July 1, 1864, to June 80, 1805; a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting copies of the accounts of
Superintendent Sells and Agents Snow and
Dunn, of the southern superintendencv, for the
fourth quarter of 18C5, with a copy of the re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
upon the subjcct; and a communication of the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting accounts
of the superintendent and agents having charge
of the tribes of Chickasaw, Seminole, Wichita,
and other Indians, for the third quarter of 1865,
have directed me to report them back and ask
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion. They are very voluminous, and the com-
mittee do not recommend their publication, but
repo -t them back to go on the files in the office
of the Secretary of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
relations witii the british provinces.
_ Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interests,
to furnish to the Senate at the next session of Con-
gress any information in his possession concerning
the practicability of establishing equal reciprocal
relations between the United States and the differ-
ent British Provinces of North America, including
the British possessions on the Pacibc: and also con-
cerning the actual condition of the question of the
fisheries, with such recommendations as he may
choose to.make tending to the peaceful arrangement
of these important matters.
claims of massachusetts and maine.
Mr. SUMNER. I am also directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
were referred sundry petitions relative to a
railway running from the State of Maine into
the British Provinces, to report joint*resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 148) respecting certain claims
of Massachusetts and Maine.
