1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3245
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If it was testified to by
some of the men on this floor, with the malig-
nant spirit they have manifested here, I would
not believe it. I think it should be properly
proved to the House.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, sir, as the gentle-
man evidently evades the question, I waive it.
It is perhaps of little consequence. My own
position upon that point—I will not say it is the
opinion of the majority of this House, because
I believe there is a difference of opinion among
them upon .that subject—but my own position
and the position of the President, as I know
from his public declaration, is this: that each
House of Congress has the right to judge of the
qualifications of the men who present them-
selves for seats as members. I do not mean
that it has the right to dictate what those quali-
fications shall be; but it has the right to judge
whether those men have the qualifications
which are required by the Constitution of the
United States. That right is absolute and ex-
clusive, and is expressly conferred upon this
House by the Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, one of the qualifications absolutely
requisite is loyalty; loyalty is an indispensable
qualification to membership in this House. It is
competent, nay it is necessary, for this House,
therefore, to inquire whether a man is loyal or
not before it admits him to membership. And
it may inquire in any way that it sees fit, by
prescribing a test oath or by taking testimony
as to the fact. Now, sir, 1 hold that when a
man presents himself here, submitting to that
test, and is found qualified by that investiga-
tion , if he can take the oath wo have prescribed,
if he can abide any test of loyalty we may im-
pose, then it is our duly to admit him if duly
elected and returned to his seat in Congress.
We have no right to say that his State, assum-
ing that State to be in a loyal attitude, shall
not have representation, and therefore to
exclude him. We have no right to say that
his State, though in a loyal altitude, though
sustaining relations of true allegiance to the
General Government, shall not be represented
in the General Government except upon cer-
tain conditions, unless and until she passes
certain laws and performs certain acts which
we proscribe, and on that account to cxclndc
him. We must exclude him, if we exclude
him at all, because we deem him "disqual-
ified." And while this is our duty, I hold it
also to be for our interest, the interest of Con-
gress and of the country. I believe it to be the
true way to deal with this whole question, for
by so doing wo shall draw a line of clear and
marked distinction between the loyal and dis-
loyal men of the southern States ; and we shall
give an example, moreover, to those who re-
main disloyal as to what they must do to obtain
admission here.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman 
Mr. RAYMOMD. _ I decline to yield at
present. I hold that it is not only our duty
but our interest to admit loyal members from
the southern States.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. RAYMOND. I decline to yield.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to say that the
course of the gentleman is unfair to this side
of the House.
Mr. RAYMOND. I submit to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] that it is a
matter of personal discourtesy to persist in
breaking in upon the argument of a member
upon the floor when he has distinctly declared
that he does not desire to be interrupted.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, I repeat that the
course of the gentleman 
[Cries of ''Order!'' ''Order!"]
Mr. RAYMOND. I hold that it is our duty
to set an example in this respect; to admit
those who are qualified, if any, and to refuse
to admit those who are disqualified, if any such
present themselves. Suppose, forexample,that
two men present themselves here for admis-
sion, the one from Tennessee the other from
Georgia. I name those States merely tor illus-
tration. One can take the oath we prescribe, i
the other cannot; the one presents himself
from a State which stands in a loyal attitude
and holds loyal relations to the Government,
the other does not. Now, if we admit the one
and exclude the other, we thereby declare what
our purpose is and the principle upon which
we act much more loudly and emphatically
than we can possibly do in any other wray.
Now that, I think, is what we should do. I
have held from the beginning of the session
that we should admit the members from Ten-
nessee, because they are entirely loyal and can
abide oun.te.st. They have had nothing to do
with the rebellion, but have been thoroughly
and actively loyal from the beginning of the
war. And the testimony submitted to this
House by the committee on reconstruction on
the subject of Tennessee sustains the position
I have taken as to the effect of such action. I
will not detain the House by reading it, but I
will state as the fact, which 1 can verity if de-
sired by reference to the testimony, that every
single witness who was examined by that com-
mittee, on being asked what in his opinion
would be the effect of admitting members who
were qualified and could take the oath, an-
swered without hesitation that it would have
a good effect, that it would encourage loyalty
and discourage disloyalty, not only in Ten-
nessee, but throughout the southern States. I
think we ought to do that now; I think we
ought to have done it at the beginning of the
session, and the sooner wo can repair our fault,
the better.
Now that I have finished what I had to say
upon that particular point, I will with great,
pleasure listen to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I certainly intended no
discourtesy to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] when I interrupted him a few
moments since. A short time before that he
had intimated that he had reason to believe
that members on this side of the House were
in favor of admitting rebels to seats on this
floor as members of the House; and ho said
that he would permit any gentleman on this
side to make his own statement, upon that
point. It was only in reply to that that I
wished to call his attention, und that of the
House, to the fact that some time ago, in a
colloquy between one of my colleagues [Mr.
Kuykkxdall] and myself, I said that 1 would
not under any circumstances vote to admit any
man to a seat on this floor whom I knew to be
disloyal to the Government and to the Consti-
tution ; that I would not, for instance, vote to
admit such men as Jefferson Davis, John C.
Breckinridge, or any man who had deliber-
ately aided in precipitating our country into
all the horrors of civil war. 1 do not think
that such men have rightfully any place here.
I do not think that there is any gentleman
on this side of the House who thinks or has
been disposed to urge that any one should be
admitted here at this time except those who
can come here and conscientiously take the
oath prescribed by the law as it now stands.
We expect, of course, all to be governed by
that as long as it remains on the statute-book
as part of the law of the land.
We have held it to be an out,rage to exclude
men who were loyal to the Government, have
risked their lives and all that is dear to them
in the cause of the Union, and can take the
oath prescribed by law, from seats upon this
floor when they come here with evidence that
they are elected as full and complete as that
of any gentleman who has a seat here.
Now, in regard to the other point presented
by the gentleman, I wish to say this : 1 do think,
whether this test oath is held to be unconstitu-
tional or not, that at some future time, and I
hope at an early day, it will bo proper, if not
entirely to repeal, at least to modify that oath
in such manner that if men who have been
drawn into the rebellion, as thousands have
been, but are now clearly shown to be true and
honest men, faithful to the Union, loyal to the
Constitution, and desiring and working for its
preservation and perpetuity, when such men
come here representing constituencies which
are loyal, whatever may have been their errors
in the past, if they come now with clean hands
and loyal hearts, that they may be admitted to
seats upon this floor. Audi do not think that
we should commit ourselves to the eternal dis-
franchisement of such men. It would be vio-
lative of every principle of sound statesman-
ship to do so. That, sir, is my position. I
give it for no one else. 1 do not insist, nor do
I think any member on this side of the House
insists at this time, that any one has the right
to come here and demand admission as a mem-
ber of this House who does not come accord-
ing to the law as it stands upon the statute-
book. When they do so come, with all the
rjualifications prescribed by law, I say that it
is an outrage upon their rights and a violation
of every principle of justice and of the Consti-
tution we have sworn to support to exclude
them from seats upon this floor, to which, as I
believe, they are as much entitled as the gen-
tleman from New York or myself.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have nothing to say
against that position. I share the gentleman's
hopes and to a considerable extent the opin-
ions he has just expressed. I have at all times
been ready and willing to admit the fact, and
I have considered it a matter upon which we
may congratulate the country, that a consider-
able portion, at all events, of those who act
with the Democratic party, have shown a dispo-
sition to be just and fair in their action upon this
question. I will not enter upon any consider-
ation of exceptions to this if any could be found.
I am glad to see members of the Democratic
party upon this floor and elsewhere giving the
Administration their support in what I believe
to be a just and proper way of healing the
wounds of war and adjusting the difficulties
which still divide one section in sentiment and
in political action from the other.
I desire now to resume the line of my argu-
ment ; and I advertise gentlemen in season, so
that they may reflect upon the propriety of
granting or refusing my request, that I shall be
under the necessity of asking for an extension
of my time. My opposition to this bill rests
mainly upon this fact, that it prescribes con-
ditions-precedent to the -admission of Repre-
sentatives here which we have no right to pre-
scribe under the Constitution of the United
States. The bill asserts, as the principle on
which it rests—it establishes as a principle and
precedent this position — that Congress may,
in its discretion, exclude any State from being
represented, for a longer or shorter time, until
that State shall comply with such conditions
as Congress itself may dictate. That, sir, per-
haps. maybe deemed a broad statement of the
general principle involved in this bill, but I
see not how it qan be narrowed in justice to
the bill itself We say to these States lately ii^
insurrection, not, you must resume your atti-
tude of loyalty ; not, you must obey the laws
and support the Constitution of the United
States ; not, you must send men here who have
not been traitors ; no., sir, we say to those States,
recognizing them all the time as Slates, you
shall not, have Representatives upon this floor
until you pass certain acts, until you do certain
things, until you ratify certain amendments! to
the Constitution and embody the principles of
those amendments in your own constitutions
and laws. Now, sir, wo are not acting in this
matter for ourselves alone ; wo are not acting
with especial reference to this particular year
of our history ; we are acting for post erity ; we
are laying down principles of which our suc-
cessors may hereafter avail themselves. Wo
prescribe certain conditions, dictate certain acts
as the conditions-precedent of representation.
If we may prescribe those, we may prescribe
others. We assert our own discretion as the
only rule of our action in this respect.
Now, assume for a moment that your fears
provejust, and that rebels and rebel sympathizers
take possession of Congress within one, three,
or five years from the present time. I say the
very principle you establish by the enactment
of this bill may be cited by them as a precedent,
