1866.
THE CONGRESSION'AL GLOBE.
2285
ier by far than the Christless wretch who obeyed
his orders ill starving our soldiers at Anderson-
viiie, he goes his way in peace.„while the Gov-
ernment, m this monstrous and appalling fact,
confesses to the world that treason is unjyorthy
of its notice. - He is president of a \ irginia
college, and teacher ot her youth. He visits
Washington, and tenders his advice to our pub-
lic men about the work of restoring the Union.
He goes before the reconstruction committee
and gives his testimony, as if an oath could
take any possible hold upon his seared eon-
science ; and all that can be said is, that his
unpunished crimes are doing precisely as much
to make the Government infamous, as the Gov-
ernment itself has done to make those crimes
respectable. The Legislature of Virginia in-
dorses him as a fit man for Governor, and the
champions of this proposition visit our Repub-
lican President, laud his principles and policy,
and take the front seats in the house of his
friends.
The vice .-president of the southern confed-
eracy is likewise at large, and has been elected
a Senator in Congress from his State. He also
visits Washington, and gives his testimony
before the joint committee of fifteen. Like the
other leading traitors, he very natuially '''ac-
cepts the situation," because he could not do
Otherwise, bnt he shows not the smallest token
of penitence, says the rebels were in the right,
ana seems wholly unconscious of his real char-
acter as simply an unhung traitor, whose
advice and opinions we shall only accept at
their value. Leading traitors are not only
pardoneil by wholesale, but they hold nearly ail
the places of power and profit in the South.
They are made Governors, judges, postmust ers,
revenue officers, and are likewise frequently
chosen to represent their cause in Congress;
and the President, our distinguished Secretary
of the Treasury, and the Postmaster General,
have all openly trampled under their feet the
law of Congress requiring a test oath, in order
that rebels might lill these ollices, and on the
false pretense that loyal men could not be found
qualified to fill them in a country which fur-
nished more than forty thousand loyal white
soldiers during the war. As might naturally be
expected under this system of reconstruction,
loyal moil are more unsafe in the revolted dis-
tricts now than they wore before the war, while
the condition of the negroes in very many local-
ities is more pitiably deplorable than that of
their former slavery. So intense and wide
spread is the feeling of hostility to the Union in
these regions that loyaltv is branded as both a
crime and a disgrace, while even Wilkes Booth
is regarded as a martyr, and his pictures hang in
the parlors of "southern gentlemen" whose
children are called by his name.
Nor am I surprised at the audacity of the
rebel leaders. Neither do I complain, or blame
them. They do not disguise their real charac-
ter and opinions, because they have been made
sure of the executive favor. With the Pres-
ident resolutely on the side of Congress in this
crisis, a very different exhibition of feeling and
policy would have been developed in the South.
The danger now at our doors would never have
appeared. The prospect of another bloody war
to Complete the work which we supposed al-
ready accomplished would never have alarmed
the ectfintry. The President has deserted the
loyal millions who crushed the rebel cause at
the end of a conflict of four years and joined
himself to that very cause which is now bor-
rowing new life from the fertilizing sunshine
■of his favor, reasserting its old heresies, and
renewing its treasonable demands. This is at
once the root and source of our present na-
tional troubles, the prophecy and parent of
whatever calamity may come. The President
not only opposes the will of the nation, the
policy of the nation, as expressed through Con-
gress, but he biands as traitors before a rebel
mob leading and representative men in both
Houses, who are as guiltless of treason as the
great majority with whom they act. Not con-
tent with the good fellowship of the men who
began the war and fought us with matchless
desperation to the end, ho unites with them in
branding loyalty itself as treason, while he
employs the power and patronage of his high
office in rewarding his minions, and opposing
the very men who made him their staudard-
bearer along with Abraham Lincoln, in the
faith that his loyalty was unselfish and sincere.
In fact, every phase of the presidential policy,
as latterly displayed, confounds the difference
between loyal and disloyal men, and gives aid
and comfort to the rebels by mitigating or
removing thejust consequences of their crimes.
Mr. Speaker, this policy, utterly fatal to the
nation's peace, as 1 have shown, must be aban-
doned. The Government cannot wholly undo
the mistakes of the past, but it eau do much
for the future, and save the loyal cause, if the
people, who see the threatened danger, will set
themselves to work so resolutely as to compel
a change. In God's name, let this be done.
Let the people speak, for the power is in their
hands, and if faithful now, as they proved
themselves during the war, justice will prevail.
Let them thunder it in the ears of the Presi-
dent that the nation cannot be saved, 1101 the
fruits of our victory gathered, if in the settle-
ment of this bloody conflict with treason right
and wrong are confounded, and public justice
tiampled down. This is the duty of the loyal
millions; and here lies the danger of thehour.
ft is just as impossible for the country to pros-
per jf it shall sanction the present policy of
the Executive, as it is for a man to violate a
law of his physical being and escape the eon-
sequences. The demands of justice are as in-
exorable as the demands of natural law in the
material world: and the moral distinctions
which God himself has established cannot be
slighted with the least possible impunity by
indniduals or nations.' fbere is a diii'erenee,
heaven-wide, between fighting for a slave em-
pire and fighting for freedom and the univer-
sal rights ot man. The cause of treason and
the cause ol' loyalty are not the same. Per-
jury is not as honorable as keeping a man's
oath. The black flag of slavery and treason
was not as noble a standard to follow as that
of the stars anil stripes. The leading trai-
tors of the South should not have the same
honorable treatment anil recognition as the
patriot heroes of the Union. The grandest
assassins and cut-throats of history should not
defraud the gallows, while ordinary murderers
are hung. Jofibrson Davis should not have
the same honorable place in history as George
Washington. Benedict Arnold was not the
be.au. ideal of a patriot, nor was Judas Iscaiiot
"a high-souled gentleman and a man of honor,"
nor even " a misguided citizen of his country
who engaged in a mistaken cause." The green
mounds under which sleep our slaughtered he-
roes are not to have any moral comparison with
the graves of traitors. The ''throng of dead,
led by Stonewall. Jackson,'" are'nolto "contri-
bute equally with the noble spirits of the North
to the renown of our great llepublic." Truth
and falsehood, right and wrong, heaven and
hell, are not mere names wliieh signify nothing,
but they pertain to the great veracities of the
universe; and the throne of God itself is im-
movable, only because its foundations are jus-
tice.
Mr. Speaker, I now move that this resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. On that motion I
call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. I would like to make some
remarks in reply to the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Julian.]
The SPEAKER. The House is acting at
present under the opciation of the previous
question.
ill-. HARRIS. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to withdraw the call for
the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot do that.
The motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee on the Judiciary was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
referred; and .also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the call of'States and Territ.o*es in inverted
order, commencing with the Territory of Mon-
tana, for the introduction of resolutions.
MONTANA TERRITORIAL LIBRARY.
Mr. McLAIN presented a joint memorial
of the Territorial Legislature of Montana, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation for a terri-
torial library, and for other purposes ; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories,
and ordered to bo printed.
ANNEXATION TO IDAHO.
Mr. McLAIN also presented a joint memo-
rial of the Territorial Legislature of Montana,
protesting against a joint resolution asking for
the annexation of a certain portion of said
Territory to the Territory of Idaho; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories,
and ordered to bo printed.
PUUI.IC BUILDINGS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. HITCHCOCK introduced a bill appro-
priating certain proceeds of internal revenue
in the Territory of Nebraska, for the purpose
of erecting a penitentiary and completing the
capilol in said Territory; which was road a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
CONSTRUCTION 01' WAGON 110AD.
Mr. HITCHCOCK also introduced a bill to
provide for the construction of a wagon road
from Columbus, Nebraska, to Virginia City,
in Montana Teiritory ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MAIL ROUTES IN NEVADA.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Nevada, presented reso-
lutions of the Legislature oftheSlatc of'Nevada
in favor of the establishment of a daily mail
between the, city of Austin, in the county of
Lander, and Silver Peak, in Esmeralda county,
in that State; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Oflicc and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, also presented
resolutions of the Legislature of iNevada in
favor of a weekly mail from lone to Crystal
Sprint;;)', in said State ; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Oflicc and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
BRANCH MINT IN NEVADA.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, also presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Nevada in
relation to the building of a United States mint
in Carson City in said State ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
JEt'TEUSON" DAVIS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, also presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Nevada in
relation to the trial of Jefferson Davis ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
SALE 01? MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, also presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Nevada on
the subjcct, of the sale of mineral lands ; which
were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
CLAIMS FOR HORSES.
Mr. WIIALEY introduced a bill in relation
to claims for horses turned over to the United
States ; which was read a first, and second lime,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
JUDGMENTS Of COURTS-MARTIAL.
Ml-. BID WELL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Hesoloed, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be requested to inquire into the propriety of providing
