262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
in this House to force negro political equality
in this District is not only, iu the language of
Henry-Clay, " a gross violation of good faith"
toward the people of this District. Mid of the
State of Maryland, bnt is the beginning^ of sim-
ilar efforts to force the States ot this Union to
adopt negro political equality, without due con-
sideration of all the important bearings of the
subject.
I had thought, sir, and so had the Union
people of my State, that with the toial abolition
of slavery all further legislation on that subject
would cease, and that at least some respite
would be given them, to make good the losses
of the war, and to repair its devastation, before
it was again placed in the political arena, to
disturb, to agitate, and to divide. We thought,
with the majority here, that slavery was an evil,
nay, that it was a curse and a blight; and, al-
though there were many among us who pro-
fessed to'belicve in its "divinity," we made up
our minds to rid the State of its presence. And
we did do it.
We did it at a time and in a manner that,
however little credit she may receive for it here,
will reflect imperishable honor on her citizens
when the acts of this war shall be written by
the future impartial historian. Her motive
was pure, patriotic ; her action self-sacrificing
and noble. She did it bccause it was right,
and because she had resolved to tear up by the
roots the cursed tree that had produced fo
much of misery and of woe. It was done in
the midst of this'great conflict, freely and vol-
untarily, not !iy force of Federal bayonets. but
by force of public opinion and inlense luvo of
country.
This war-offering of (he loyalists of Maryland
cannot be properly estimated at this lime, nor
by you of the North and West. You knew
nothing of the effects of slavery on the minds
of its victims, nor its influence over the political
action of men, except from what you had heard
and read from others. You were not born
where the " institution'' had an existence, and
von cannot, therefore, properly estimate the
degrading effect on the slave, and the tenacity
and love with which thousands clung to it be-
cause of love of gain, and bccause they had
grown up under it. But we who were burn and
reared in a slave State, and who received the
curses and anathemas of rebel slave-owners be-
cause we favored and succeeded in emancipat-
ing the negro, know something of this ''old sin"
of slavery, and are entilled to some considera-
tion for what we have suffered, and some regard
for what we haves voluntarily and willingly aided
in forever abolishing.
Sir, the people of my State, at least that por-
tion of tliem whom I have thejionor to repre-
sent, and who have always been true to the
Government, and wlio, in the darkest hours of
rebellion, lifted up theirhearts in earnest prayer
to God in behalf of our country, and sent their
sons to the battle-field to maintain and uphold
the Union, are opposed to this measure. They
see in it, as I do. the first effort fo confer po-
litical privileges on a class who, although eman-
cipated from slavery, are not at this time com-
petent, by reason of their ignorance, nor quali-
fied, by reason of their former .state, to exercise
the high and exalted privileges of an elector.
It is an attempt to legislate the black man on
the same political level with the white—an at-
tempt which even if it succeeded would only
show the disparity between the two races, and
in the end redound to the permanent injury
of the black. It is an attempt to grant univer-
sal suffrage and the right to hold office to the
negro, notonlyherebnteverywhere. and thereby
produce as a natural result that. " irrepressible
conflict ' which none hut bad men would profit
l>y. and which all good men must deplore.
I do not mean by what I have said that, all
black men are ignorant and uneducated or
incapable of exercising the right of suffrage.
V\ hat I mean to say is that as a, class they are
to-day not only ignorant, uneducated, and un-
iir to exereioe^ this right, but they are not its
safe depositaries. I know many of this class
whom 1 would be willing to trust to-day to ex-
ercise this right, but the difficulty in making a
law to favor them would bo in opening wide a
door to admit others whom I could not trust,
and whom I am satisfied are incapable of com-
prehending the new relations they would sustain.
However much gentlemen may be disposed
to sneer at the opinions of some, that this is
a Government of the white man, I appeal to
the history of my country to sustain me in the
assertion thatitwas founded by the white race,
hasgrown to power and greatness by and through
them, and if republican Government is to live
on this continent, it can only live by and through
the support and efforts of the white man. I do
not desire to intimate that this is a Government
exclusively for the whites, nor that it is a Govern-
ment where the black man is to be ostracized
politically on account of his color. I recognize
the fact that all men are to-day free and equal;
1 hat they are entitled to certain inalienablorights;
(hat among them arc life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness; that it is the great end of Gov-
ernment to secure these lights, and that the
negro, freed and emancipated, is entitled to the
same protection, in these respects, that 1, as a
while man, am entitled to receive.
Sir, the right of suffrage is a precious right,
to be exercised by all who arc capablc, qual-
ified, and loyal to the Government, and to be
ex!ended to none who are incapable by reason
of nonage, want of mind, or disloyalty. The
right to vote is not a natural-born right, but a
gift or franchise conferred by the sovereign
power 011 sueli of its citizens as are capable of
exercising it. Until it is once given, the de-
nial of it is 110 refusal of the right. When you
have once received it, then, and not till then,
. docs it become a right, and the withholding or
withdrawal of it, except for good cause, is sub-
versive of one of the fundamental principles of
republican government. The sovereign power
grants the right when it thinks it would be ben-
eficial to the State ; it withholds it or takes it
away when it thinks it would be detrimental or
destructive to the State. The citizen receives
it to bo used in the mode prescribed by law
until by some act of his own he forfeits it.
ITence idiots, lunatics, men convicted of crime,
aliens, and in some Slates lebels, aie not al-
lowed to \ ote ; and various conditions and qual-
ifications arc added to show (hat it is a power
not to be given to every citizen. Mr. Madison,
who has been quoted quite frequently during
the debates 011 this bill, thus speaks in relation
to suffrage:
"The ritdit of suffrage is :i fundamental article in
republican constitutions. The reaniiaiion of it is at
the same time a task ot peculiar delicacy. Allow the
light exclusively to property, and the rights of per-
«on= may be oppressed. Tho feudal policy atone suf-
ficiently proves it. Extend it equally to all, and the
rights of property or the claims of justice may be
overruled by a majority -without property or inter-
ested in measure? of injustice. Ot this abundant
proof is atlerded by other popular Governments;' and
it is riot wisliout e.\aaiple-3 in our own, p.uticulaily
in the laws impairing the obligation of contracts."—
Madison, I'f/i,* r.';. vol. 0, p. f>80.
John Adams, the second President of the
United States, and one of the fathers of thelie-
I public, uses this language:
"Socictyean be £oyerne*l only by general rules.
Government cannot accommodate itself to every par-
ticular ease 0 it happens, nor to the circumstances of
paitieular persons. It must e.-.tablish general com-
prehensive regulations for eases and persons. The
only fiuestion is which general rule will accommodate
most cases and most persons.
"Depend upon it, sir, it is danfrerous to open so
fruittal a sourcc ot controversy and altercation as
would be opened by attempting to alter the quafifi-
cations of voters. There will bono end of it. New
claims will arise; women will demand a vote; lads
liom twelve to twenty-one will think thcil ; ie'11- 11 - ;t
enough attended to; and every man who has not a [
farthing will demand an equal voice with any other '
m all acts ot State. It tends to conlound and destroy
all di-oinctioiisjind prn-urate all ranks to one com-
mon level."— Works of John Adam*J, vol. 9, i>. 378.
1 have said that it would bo unwise, inexpe-
dient. and unnecessary to confer the right at
this lime 011 the people of color. It is unwise,
because yon are about to clothe men with the
power of the ballot over one half of whom have
been slaves ?I1 their lives, and who do not yet
fully apprehend the citizenship conferred upon
them. It is unwise, because it is universal,
and you have no data from which you can form
any estimate of the effect it will have over the
minds and actions of (ho uneducated and ig-
norant contraband, who, although familiarly
known as "intelligent," is not of that kind de-
sirable in ruling over the destinies of the cap-
ital of the nation. It is unwise, because it is
an experiment, an introduction of a new ele-
ment in the political management of our affairs,
which promises to work well, but which might,
and I fear will, turn out badly.
It is unnecessary and inexpedient, because a
vast majority of the voters of the city of Wash-
ington and Georgetown have indicated their
preference that the franchise should remain as
it is. As property holders and tax-payers their
voice should have some influence. If you grant
the right, it not only goes to the extent of allow-
ing all the negroes now in the District to vote,
but as many thousands more as would flock from
all portions of Virginia and Maryland to see
how voting feels,'' and "to try 011" politics for
a change. Some would doubtless offer them-
selves for ofiice; and is it any wonder that the
people of Washington should be opposed to
such a measure? Is it reasonable to suppose
that the tax-payers consider it safer to trust the
enacting of their ordinances to a people hith-
erto oppressed and enslaved for centuries than
to their own citizens? Have they discovered
that two years of freedom has made the black
man as competent to govern as themselves?
Since, when has the necessity arisen to require
a new class of voters to do that to-day what
from the time the right to regulate their muni-'
I cipal affairs was intrusted to them has been in
I the hands of those who at present exercise it?
; Have the white people of the District abused
| their trust? Have they shown themselves in-
1 competent to vote, that you want to make an-
! other and a larger class to outvot c and to govern
j them ? Would it not be better to allow no one
• to vote in the District than to resort to such a
I punishment? Since when has it occurred to this
! House that universal suffrage should be granted
I in this District? By reference to the proceed-
I ings of this House in the first session of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, it will be seen that it
was supposed at that time that the white man
was good enough to manage the affairs of this
city, and that the colored man was not compe-
tent, or at least was not thought entitled, to
vote, as both the Senate and the. House refused
it. (McPlierson's History of the Rebellion,
page 211.)
Mr. Speaker, I am not here as the special"
advocate of the. District of Columbia. From
what has been said on this floor, one would
suppose thatthis city was the heaven of traitors.
For such of her citizens as are or have been
traitors I have as little respect and regard for
as any gentleman in this House. I take it that
no man who left this District or his State to en-
! gage in armed rebellion against his country has
' any right to make laws for me unless that right
be restored to him by the power against which
he rebelled. But, sir, there arc Union men in
this District, I am proud to say, as trueandde-
voted in their love of country as can be found
anywhere. For such I have a fellow-feeling.
They, like myself, have been born and raised
in the South, and are opposed to these measures
because they are satisfied it will do no good,
and is calculated to do much mischief.
The passage of this bill would be most unjust
to the people of my State. I did not suppose
that Maryland would be consulted asto thepas-
sage of this law: but surely if devoted love to
this Union and the effort--- put forth by my na-
tive State in the cause of human freedom de-
serve anything, some consideration should at
least be shown us before so important a step is
irrevocably taken. Maryland gave over forty
thousand of her gallant sons fo aid youin crush-
ing out this rebellion. Shoulder to shoulder
they marched alongside of Massachusetts and
Ohio, and left their blood and their bones on
every battle-field to attest their devotion. Her
treasure waspoured out as freely as water in aid
of the finances of the Government, while her
citizens, individually, contributed largely of
their substance to feed and nourish the hungry
