3246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
if they wish to take ■such action, for declaring
to Massachusetts, Vermont, and New York that
their Representatives shall not be admitted until
those States shall pass acts which that Congress
may prescribe.
Mr.-BOUT WELL. Does thegentleman from
New York mean to say that South Carolina and
New York stand on the same footing in this
respect?
Mr. RAYMOND. I see no difference in
principle, none at all. You deny to South
Carolina to-day the right to representation
upon this floor because she has been in rebel-
lion. What is to hinder the next Congress, if it
should be of a different complexion, from deny-
ing the right to Massachusetts because she lias
not been in rebellion?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Allow me a word.
Mr. RAYMOND. Excuse me a moment.
If the House is willing to extend my time I
will yield cheerfully; otherwise I must proceed.
Several Members. Oh, we will extend your
time.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I merely -want to say that
there are some things so apparent that they do
not need argument, and 0110 of them is the dif-
ference between a State that has been in rebel-
lion and a State that has not been in rebellion.
No argument is required to show that the judg-
ment of the country may wisely take precautions
against people who have been in rebellion. It
would be a monstrous usurpation, which nobody
could support, for those who have been in re-
bellion to undertake to exercise the same rights
as those who had not been in rebellion.
f Hero the hammer fell.]
Air. BINGHAM obtained the floor and said :
I have no desire to cut off the gentleman from
New York from an opportunity of concluding
his speech. 1 hope it will be the pleasure of
the Mouse to extend his time, and 1 ask that it
be extended.
Mr. WENT WORTH. If he will only let the
gentlemen on the opposite side of (he House
speak out, he shall have the whole afternoon.
There being no objection made, Mr. Ray-
mond's time was extended.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have no objection to a
colloquy of that kind. I think it perhaps the
best way to get at the truth. 1 am indebted to
the House for its courtesy, though I am very
much afraid I shall abuse it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts endeav-
ors to escape from the specific point I made
by taking refuge in general sentiments and dec-
larations. lie says there is sticli a difference
between a State that has been and one tliat
lias not been in rebellion as to preclude all
argument on the subject, lie would draw the
inference that, wo have a right to do with the
one what we please, while with the other we
csJh do only what the Constitution prescribes.
I say that, while wide differences do unques-
tionably exist between them in very many most
important respects, in their relations to the
Constitution and in our relations to them under
the Constitution they stand on exactly the same
footing. I say that the powers conferred upon
us under the Constitution with reference to one
State must be exercised with regard to any other
State, and that no other powers can be exercised
rightfully, justly, and in accordance with the
Constitution of the United States. I take is-
sue, though I do not care to arguo the ques-
tion, with those who take refuge in the fact that
a State has done wrong, has been in rebellion,
has waged war upon the Government, as an
excuse or as a reason for violating the Constii
tution themselves in dealing with that State.
We arc acting under an oath to obey, defend,
and protect the Constitution of the United
States. I will not judge the consciences of
other men; but I do not feel at liberty to do
anything toward South Carolina and Georgia
which the Constitution does not authorize me
to do toward other States in the Union—I mean
by denying them rightsin the Government which
the Constitution in express'terms confers upon
them.
I admit that we have a right to take precau-
tions and to secure ourselves against future
rebellion; but we must do it in accordance
with the Constitution. We cannot claim un-
limited discretion. And my great objection to
this bill is, that it establishes a principle, so
far as our action can establish a principle, of
which those holding secession principles, or
principles opposite to us, may avail themselves
to deal with us as we now propose to deal
with them. There have been times in the his-
tory of the country when, if such a principle as
this had been established by the prei#ous ac-
tion of Congress, the men in power would have
applied it to Massachusetts, and you would
have found men here, with all the power of
the Government at their command, ready to
deprive Massachusetts of representation upon
this floor because that State did not and would
not enforce the fugitive slave law.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The difference between
the gentleman from New York and myself,
undoubtedly, is that I do not admit that these
eleven once States are for the present pur-
poses of government to be recognized as
States. The gentleman from New York in all
his argument proceeds upon the idea that they
are States clothed with full powers. Now,
then, I ask him how he is to reconcile to him-
self, to his country, and to posterity the policy
which he has supported, and which the Presi-
dent has inaugurated and maintained for the
last twelve months, of dictating to South Caro-
lina and other States terms and conditions-
precedent to their admission or to his recog-
nition of their right to take part in the govern-
ment of the country. I say that it would be
the duty of the gentleman from New York—a
duty from which I, myself, would not shrink,
if 1 believed that South Carolina and Florida
were States of this Union with all the same
powers as Massachusetts and New York—to
arraign the President of the United States for
sending to those States such letters and tele-
grams as he has dispatched from time to time.
I can excuse him only on the ground that they
were not States of the Union with full powers,
and that he dealt with them, outside of the
Constitution to be sure, but in the extraordi-
nary circumstances the country was placed, ac-
cording to his own judgment, and that so far
as he went in dictating to them terms and con-
ditions, he did it; and that is all that Congress
proposes to do. The power to be exercised is
to be exercised not by the executive and ju-
dicial departments of the Government, but by
the political department of the Government,
Congress and the Executive combined.
Now, if it was right for the President twelve
months ago to say that South Carolina and
Florida would not be recognized by him unless
they subjected themselves to certain rules and
conditions prescribed by him, it is now right
and proper for Congress and the President to
prescribe other conditions.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is a skillful strategist; he attempted
to escape the point of my remarks first by taking
refuge in generalities. Failing in that, he now
seeks to divert my attention and that of the
House from the point in issue by an attack
upon the President.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I made no attack upon
the President.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, by raising an issue
as to the policy of the President. I do not
propose to follow him in that line of remai'k.
It is not at all germane to this point. I should
not hesitate, at the proper time, however, to
assert that, in my opinion, the action of the
President has been just and within the exer-
cise of his constitutional authority from the
beginning to the end, and to maintain that
opinion 6y such arguments as I might. But
at present I waive that. I think the gentle-
man states correctly the difference between
himself and me. He says that I consider these
States as States of the Union—as under the
Constitution, entitled to the protection which
it secures, and bound by all the obligations
and duties which are imposed and guarantied
by its provisions. In that he is quite correct.
I do so hold. He says he does not. Well,
sir, I do not propose, at present, to argue the
issue thus raised. I have argued it heretofore
at greater length, I am afraid, than the patience
of the House warranted me in doing. But I
will merely say that the gentleman by this
position comes in direct collision with the bill
before the House.
Mr. BOUTWFjLL. I do not support the
bill.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then, sir, I cannot press
him upon that point. The gentleman is con-
sistent. The bill recognizes these as States;
it speaks of them in the title and in every sec-
tion as "the States lately in insurrection."
However, as the gentleman says he is not going
to support the bill, I cannot hold him to that,
and wo must be content to differ. I believe
these to be States in the Union. I believe that
we have no right to treat them otherwise than
as the Constitution warrants and authorizes us
to treat them. In my judgment it does not
warrant us in saying to them, "You must do
certain things which we prescribe ; you must
ratify certain amendments to the Constitution
and pass certain laws which we desire.you to
pass, or your Representatives shall not be ad-
mitted to this floor." I believe that principle
strikes at the very foundation of our Govern-
ment. For if there is anything fundamental
in our Government it is the right, the absolute
right of representation. Directly or indircctly
it belongs to every State, and to all the people
of every State. I cannot find any shadow of
right for denying it, or for making it condi-
tional, dependent upon their compliance with
terms which we prescribe. Why, sir, it was
out of the denial of that right that our inde-
pendence grew. The great men who in the
English Parliament vindicated the position
of this country, and claimed in Parliament that
we were right in our rebellion, based that opin-
ion expressly upon the ground that the right
of representation ivas denied to us, while we
were subject to laws in the making of which
we had no share. But I will not pursue that
further. Mr. Burke declared this right to be
the characteristic mark and badge of British
freedom, and on the night when Parliament
recognized our independence the Earl of Shel-
burne proclaimed that it had been won in vin-
dication of a right which no free nation ever
denied—the right of representation in the mak-
ing of laws we are required to obey.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymoxi>] allow me for a
moment?
Mr. RAYMOND. I prefer not to yield now.
I think these general principles will be admit-
ted by nearly every one. I know that men are
apt to think these principles may be waived or
relaxed a little to suit particular emergencies.
Surely, they are apt to say, no harm will come
from a slight irregularity of action. True, the
Constitution does not warrant this. But this
is a peculiar state of things.^ The people are
expecting something, and we must give them
something of this kind. Now, I have never
yet seen the time when I believed the people
expected anything that was not just and right,
or that they were ever inclined to exact any
action not in consonance with the Constitution
of the United States. But so many men have
favorite theories of their own ; every man has
some peculiar ideas of what a Government
should be, and he thinks that the political
chaos which succeeds the war affords an op-
portunity for getting his ideas embodied in
the Constitution, and thus make this the model
Government he would have it.
I have never heard this general aspiration
expressed more tersely or more frankly than
it was by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevexs,] not now in his seat, in the re-
marks he made the other day in concluding the
debate upon the proposed amendment to the
Constitution. He then used the following lan-
guage :
" In my youth, in my manhood, in my old age, I
had fondly dreamed that when any fortunate chance
