4206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
of quality, and also to see that it is of the weight
contracted for, and to refuse to accept any
paper from any contractor which does not con-
form to the standard of quality and is not of
the stipulated weight. In case of a difference
of opinion between the Superintendent and
any contractor for the paper, with respect to its
quality, the matter of difference is to be deter-
mined by the Joint Committee on Printing.
In default of any contractor to comply with
his contract in furnishing paper contracted for
in proper time and of proper quality and
weight, it is to be the duty of the Superintend-
ent to report it to the Joint Committee on
Printing, if Congress is in session, or to the
Secretary of the Interior, if during a recess of
Congress; and under the direction of the
Joint Committee on Printing or of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, as the case may be, he is
to enter into a new contract with the lowest
and best bidder for the interests of the Gov-
ernment, among those whose proposals were
rejected at the last opening of bids, or adver-
tise for new proposals under the regulations
before established; and during the interval
which may thus be created, he is, under the
direction of the Joint Committee on Printing
or of the Secretary of the Interior as provided,
to purchase in open market at the lowest mar-
ket price all such paper necessary for the
public service. For any increase of cost to
the Government in procuring a supply of paper
for the use of the Government, the contractor
or contractors in default, and his or their seeu-
rities are to be charged with, and hold respon-
sible, and are to be prosecuted upon theirbond
by the Solicitor of the Treasury, in the name
of the United States, in the circuit court of
the United States for the district in which the
defaulting contractor resides. To enable the
Solicitor to do so, it is made the duty of the
Superintendent of Public Printing to report to
him tJie default on its happening, with a full
statement of all the facts in the case. The
Joint Committee on Printing, or, during the
recess of. Congress, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, is authorized to empower the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing to make purchases of
paper, in open market, at the lowest market
puce, whenever in their opinion the quantity
rcquiied is so small, or the want is so immedi-
ate, as not to justify advertisement for and
award of contract therefor.
A11 laws or parts of laws, joint resolutions or
parts of resolutions conflicting with the above
provisions arc repealed, and the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing is not to print any greater
number o fthe reports heroin named unless other-
wise directed by either House of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Repicsuntatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (II. It. No. G!)3) for the belief of Rob-
ert Baldwin — to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 812) for the relief of John
"VV._ Taylor — to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 20G) in rela-
tion to the pensions of widows of revolutionary
soldiers—to the Committee on Pensions.
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 207) for the
relief of Colonel Lewis P. Fix—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
neutrality laws.
The bill (H. R. No. 80(5) more effectually to
preserve the neutrality relations of the United
States was read twice by its title.
Mr. WADE. I hope that bill will be put on
its passage by common consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. It is a
very important matter.
■ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
beuig made to its present consideration, it will
be referred to the Committee on.foreign Rela-
tions.
amendment of internal revenue law.
The bill (H. R. No. 810) amendatory of an
act'entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
'An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes,' approved June
30, 1864," approved March 3, 1865, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not necessary to
refer that bill, but very necessary to pass it,
and I ask for its immediate consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to amend the thirteenth sec-
tion of the internal revenue law of March 3,
1865, by striking out the words "without having
first obtained a license so to do," and to insert
in lieu thereof the words " without paying the
special tax therefor."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the thir$ time, and passed.
assassination rewards.
A bill (H. R. No. 801) authorizing thepay-
ment of the rewards offered by the President
of the United States and the officers of the
War Department in April and May, 1805, for
the capture of Jefferson Davis and the assas-
sins of the late President, Abraham Lincoln,
and the Secretary of State, Hon. William H.
Seward, was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that that bill be
postponed until the commencement of the next
session of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that it be referred
and disposed of in the usual way.
Mr. WADE. Let, it be refeircd. I cannot
permit bills to be interposed and discussed
while the bill for the admission of Nebraska
is pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I will withdraw my mo-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred io that committee.
order op business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to yield to me for a moment that 1 may
move to postpone the bill which lie has called
up informally with a view of taking up a little
resolution—House joint resolution No. 107.
Mr. WADE. 1 cannot consent to that now.
The admission of a State into the Union is as
important as anything else.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think this will
take any time.
Mr. WADE. I will not object to it unless
it is going to be debated; if it is, I must object
to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the resolution?
Mr. HENDRICKS. A joint resolution au-
thorizing a contract with Vinnie Ream for a
statue of Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will certainly give
rise to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Indiana asksu nanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 197.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator from
Maine says it will be debated and the Senator
from Ohio cannot yield unless there is to be no
'debate, I will not press the matter now, but I
shall call it up directly.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the distribution of the
bounty offered for the capture of the assassins
of the late President Lincoln there are several
soldiers interested, one of whom called on me
this morning. He is maimed and crippled and
really in such a condition that he would move
the humanity of anyone. He is entitled under
any award that may be made to a pretty large
sum of money; and ali he has got in the world
is the hope that as a matter of justice and honor
we will act upon that bill. I think my colleague
will give way for tha*i purpose. It ought to
be acted upon.
Mr. WADE. My bill wants to be acted upon
also.
Mr. SHERMAN. But this is a bill in re-
gard to the bounty offered for the capture of
the assassins of Mr. Lincoln, and Colonel Con-
ger, a wounded soldier, without a cent in the
world, is entitled by any award that may be
made to a considerable sum of money, and he
is here anxiously awaiting the settlement of
this matter. The subject has been thoroughly
examined by the House of Representatives,
and they have passed a bill which I should like
to have taken up now.
Mr. WADE. I trust there will be time
enough to pass both bills. This bill is now
under consideration, and it ought not to take
long, and then we can dispose of the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. T do not suppose this will
take any time at all.
Mr. WADE. Let us pass this and then I
will help you with that. That has passed the
House and my bill has not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
now before the Senate will be read.
message prom tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill (S. No. 400) to fix the compensation of
certain collectors of customs, and for other
purposes, with amendments, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 90) to suspend tempora-
rily the collection of direct taxes within the
State of West Virginia, with amendments, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
compensation 01? collectors.
At the suggestion of Mr. MORGAN, and by
unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded to
consider the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 400) to fix the
compensation of certain collectors of cus-
toms, and for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of the Hou=ie of Representatives to tho said
bill, and ask a conference on tho disagreeingvotos of
tho two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by tho President®™ tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morgan, Mr. Morrill, and Mr. Willey.
aprkoval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 179) in relation to the dis-
trict courts of the United States in the States
of California and Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 824) for the relief of John
Hastings, late surveyor and depositary of pub-
lic moneys at Pittsburg;
An act (S. No. 424) to incorporate tho Wash-
ington Temperance Society, of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 133) to change
the place of holding the terms of the circuit
court for the district of Virginia.
admission of nebraska.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 447) for
the admission of the State of Nebraska into the
Union.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Territories
what evidence the committee ha'd before them
with regard to the present condition of this Ter-
ritory and its capacity to sustain a State gov-
ernment.
Mr. WADE. 1 do not desire to enter into
a discussion * but 1 wiH say th it the committee
