1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3247
should have broken up for awhile the foundation of
our institutions, andreleased us from obligations tho
most tyrannical that ever man imposed in the name
of freedom, that the intelligent, pure, and just men
of this Republic, true to their professions and their
consciences, would have so remodeled all our insti-
tutions as to have freed them from every vestige of
human oppression, oi inequality of rights, of the rec-
ognized degradation of the poor, and tho superior
caste of the rich- In short, that no distinction would
he tolerated in this purified Republic but what arose
from merit and conduct. This bright dream has van-
ished 'like tho baseless fabric of a vision,' I find
that we shall be obliged to bo content with patching
up tho worst portionsof tho ancient edifice, and leav-
ing it, in many of its parts, to bo swept through by
the tempests, the frosts, and the storms of despot-
ism."
Now, sir, I take it there is scarcely a mem-
ber on this floor who has not at some time or
other indulged in dreams as high and hopeful
as those thus expressed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs.] But I do not
think that many of us, or that many of the peo-
ple of this country, would concur'with him in
recognizing in the war through which we have
just passed that "fortunate chance" which he
seems to consider it, fortunate because it
"broke up the foundations of our Govern-
ment" and gave theorists an opportunity to
try their experiments upon it. No, sir, the
people of this country look upon this war as a
calamity, one of the direst and most dreadful
that God in His providence could send upon any
nation ; not unattended with compensations,
it is true, for that same Providence that pre-
sides over the destinies of the human race,
"out of evil still educing good," has given us
many compensations for the terrible evils with
which this war has been accompanied. It has
given us, above all things, the opportunity which
perhaps nothing else could ever have given us,
of purifying this Republic from what was al-
ways the chief blot upon its escutcheon, and
always poisoned its sources of liberty and
power—the system of human slavery. But still
the war itself was a calamity, a dire disaster,
and if it had realty broken up the foundations
of our Government, if it had shaken in the least
that grand temple of liberty which our fathers
reared, it would have been tenfold the disaster
that it really was.
But, sir, it did not. That temple still stands
in all its grand and splendid beauty. We have
not to "patch up the worst portions of the
ancient edifice it was only those parts of the
structure, it3 original defects, that were shaken
and shattered by the storm. Not one of its
corner-stones has been displaced. Not a single
one of the grand arches has been in the least
disturbed. Its towers still stand firm as the
foundations of human freedom on which they
rest. Nor, sir, will the people, of this land
agree with the gentleman in denouncing the
Constitution of the United States for imposing
"obligations the most tyrannical that ever man
imposed in thc name of freedom." That Con-
stitution was the work of the noblest, purest
patriots that ever adorned the annals of any
age. It has done more to establish free gov-
ernment, to preserve and perpetuate the prin-
ciples of human freedom, than any instrument
ever framed, or any form of government ever
established by the hand of man. Thosu who
framed it did not attempt impossibilities. They
did not sacrifice real good within their reach to
dreams of distant perfection that was beyond
their reach. Doubtless they, like other men
of lofty spirit and noble aspiration, had their
visions, their high ideals of a pure and perfect
commonwealth, but they were too wise and
too practical in their wisdom to yield them-
selves to such false though fair illusions. Alas !
sir, how often have such dreams as have be-
guiled the gentleman from Pennsylvania filled
the hearts and disappointed the hopes of noble
spirits in all ages of the world 1 Every nation
has had experience of their futility. Crom-
well, in England, aimed to establish a model
republic, and under his mighty sway the grand
soul of the sightless Milton beheld, in lofty
vision, a commonwealth arise which should
more than realize the hopes and aspirations
of the noblest spirits of the ancient and the
modern world. With unrestiicted power he
forced reforms beyond the line where they
could command the sympathy of the nation,
and a reaction followed which, when Crom-
well's head was beneath the sod, swept away
the model republic which he had founded, and
gave place to corruption such as England, in
all her history, had never seen before.
The leaders of tho French Revolution aspired
to establish a model republic. They, too, had
their visionsandtheirdreams, brighter, brighter
far, than the New Atlantis of Bacon or the
Utopia of Sir Thomas More. Nowhere, sir,
on the page of history or of literature will you
find nobler sentiments, higher aspirations,
grander reaches after political perfection than
you will find in the writings of Robespierre, of
St. Just, of Camille Desmoulins, and others
among the great leading spirits of the French
Revolution. They, too, aimed at the loftiest
ideas of political perfection. Perfect justice,
perfect truth, nothing short of absolute and en-
tire perfection, was to bear unrestricted sway in
the realm of their creation. Inequality of rights
and of condition, all distinctions of rich and
poor, were to disappear forever, and nothing
was to have toleration for an hour but what
arose from merit and conduct. But alas! sir,
that bright dream, loo, vanished "like the base-
less fabric of a vision." That republic sank in
a sea of blood, and out of that sea rose the red
right hand of remorseless power which clutched
all the rights of the people in its grasp and
plunged France into a tyranny tenfold worse
than she had ever felt before.
This, sir, is too often the sad consummation
of attempts to enforce reforms upon an ago
and a people that are not ready for them.
Model republics, noble and perfect common-
wealths, where no wrong shall find toleration
and no man lack justice, arc the object of all
good men's desires. But they are not let down
by miracle from tho vault of heaven. They
spring not up like the prophet's gourd, in a
single night, or if they do, like that prophet's
gourd they wither and die with the first touch
of the morning light. They come not on tho
heels of war. They can never be the-birth of
passion, they can only be the st eady growth of
time and the patient efforts of the good and
wise. War may sweep away obstacles that
obstruct their growth, as war with us has swept
away human slavery, which is always and every-
where the foe of everything in character and
society that is noble, just, and wise. And war
may warm the soil swept by its bloody breath,
so that seeds of reform shall the sooner spring
np and ripen to maturity. We hear much said
in glorification of men who are, in ideas and
aspirations, in advance of their age. They
are considered the prophets ami the leaders of
humanity ; and so they are. But they are not
thc^ statesmen, the woikmen, the leaders of
their immediate time. They are not the prac-
tical men who bring to pass the glories they
predict, liiave found, sir, in my experience
and observation, that, so far as practical re-
sults arc concerned, it is just about as unwise
for a man to be ahead of the age in which he
lives as to be behind it. It is like a geneial
marching a mile ahead of the brigade or the
corps that he commands. He might just as
well be a mile in its reai.
No, sir ; to be useful to our age we must live
with it, walk by its sides, sympathize with its
wants, feel its necessities, bear its burdens,
share its prejudices, or at least tolerate them,
use the elements of power that belong to it,
and not Jive in bright ideals of the future or
dwell solely on the glories of the far advance.
Work with the men of your day, and you will
work to their best advantage, and will do all
that man can do to secure and hasten the
advent of that brighter time which is the goal
and the guerdon of all our hopes. These
reforms are growths, not mechanical crea-
tions. You cannot make a perfect Govern-
ment as you would make a machine. Politi-
cal institutions obey the laws of growth, and
cannot be forced to follow any other laws.
You must plant the seed and await its gradual
ripening to maturity—'' first the blade, then the
ear; after that the full corn in the ear." Let
not the gentleman from Pennsylvania then de-
spair of the advancement, the purification, and
perfection of our Republic. He haa borne his
part in the grand strife by which its advent is
made possible. His eyes, now dimmed with
honorable age and with long watching for the
day which ho so longs to see, may not witness
its full meridian ; but they have seen its dawn-
ing : and he may rest assured that the work he
has so well commenced will not be left undone.
But let him not be too impatient to force it
on, or ho may turn the dial backward and ruin
all. As to the specific reforms of which we
are speaking, [ believe tho day will soon come
when there will be no distinction of rights,
civil or political, on the ground of color. That .
distinction grew out of slavery. In tho early
days of the Republic, before slavery had be-
come the gigantic power it afterward grew to
be, there was no such distinction of color so
far as suffrage was concerned. It was the fruit
j of slavery, and it received its death-blow when
| slavery perished. The abolition of slavery
swept away the very foundation of that cruel
I prejudice, and just as soon as the public mind,
i the mind and thought of those most directly
I concerned in the solution of this question,
comes to realize this fact and is left free to
weigh its meaning, just so sooa will the great
reform begin. I have no doubt that the people
of the southern States will find it to be greatly
to their interest in due time, in a very short
time unless diverted from its consideration by
hostile pressure from without, to establish po-
litical suffrage and civil rights on other foun-
dations than those of color, and to do all we
think necessary to perfect our republican insti-
tutions.
But by pressing such reforms before tho sum-
mer has prepared the soil, we simply insure
their being nipped by untimely frosts. By for-
cing them upon the people of other States, in
advance of that public sentiment by which
they can be sustained, we provoke hostilities
which will outlive their cause and postpone
for years, perhaps for generations, the very
reforms we seek to promote. They must spring
from another soil and be cherished by other cul-
ture. They must come from culture of the pub-
licconscience, from education, from experience
of life, and that wise regard for the rights of
others which the full and free enjoyment of
our own never fails to teach. It is, and always
must be, for the interest, the peace, the com-'
fort, the prosperity, the safety, even, of the peo-
ple in the southern States to give to all who
live in the midst of their society all tho rights
and privileges to which, by virtue of their com-
mon humanity, they are entitled. Wo may safely
trust to tho influence of this all-pervading,
ever-waking principle for the reforms which
the South may need. The less we meddle
with the operation of this law of social and
political growth the more rapidly will it work
out its own results. We may aid its develop-
ment and stimulate its growth by promoting
harmony of interest and of feeling between the
two laces thus biought face to face. But if
we take such steps as shall tend to plant dis-
; trust between them and array them in hostility
to each other, we shall only postpone, and per-
haps defeat altogether, the consummation we
so much desire.
But, sir, I will not follow this train of
thought any further. I deem it unwise in pol-
icy. as well as unjustified by any just theories
of the status of the southern States or of the
effect of the rebellion, to attempt the " recon-
struction '' of our Government from its founda-
tions. I believe the President takes a far wiser
view of our interests and necessities when he
seeks the "restoration" of our Union to its
old integrity, and of our Government to its
ancient normal operation under tho Constitu-
tion of the United States. Our fathers laid
the corner-stone of our institutions on the great
principle of self-government. They held that
all who are subjects of law should have a voice
directly or indirectly in making the law. They
held that the consent of the governed was the
