1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
purpose
"wares. and merchandise actually on shipboard and
bound to ihc United States5, and all goods, wares,and
ineiehandir-e on deposit in warehouse?! or publics! m os
at the date ot the passage of this act, feliall bo sub-
ject to pay sueli duties as provided by law before:]rul
at ilie time oi the pussagoof this act: Provided, Ttiat j!
all goods deposited in public store or bonded waie-
hou^e after this act takes effbet and <-oc^ into opera-
tion, if desisrnedl'br consumption in theUmtcd States,
must be withdrawn thcrelrom or the duties thereon
paid in three months after the fame are deposited,
andyoods designed for exportation and consumption
in foreign countries may be withdrawn by the owner
at «my time before the expiration of three yens af-
ter the same are deposited: such goods it not with-
drawn in three years, to be icsardedu* abandoned to
the Government, and sold under such regulations as
the Sccretaiy of the Tieasvryinay prescribe.and the
proceeds paid into the Treasury: Frovidet/, That
merchandise upon which the owner may have neg-
lected to pay duties within three months from the
time of its deposit may be withdrawn and entered
for consumption at any tune within two years of the
time of its deposit upon the payment of the local
duties, with an addition of t\veni>-li\e per cent,
theivl o."'
The object of this amendment is that three
months may bo the time in -which the goods
must ho withdrawn, and that if not withdrawn
within the throe months ami they remain in
Loud one year after that date, twenty-live per
cent, shall be assessed upon them. In other
"words, it is to take as far as may be the law ot
1801 and make it a pan of the present law.
The next amendment ptoposed by Mr.
Sphao; k was in section one, line sixteen, to
strike out ilie words "one year'5 and to insert
three months.'''
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen
of section one, to strike out expiration of
thiee years from said date,'1 and insert *' Jan-
uarv 1, 1^07.;r
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twenty-one, before "per cent.'" to strike
out ;*ten" and insert "twenty-five/'
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to add this pro-
viso to the first section :
PrnvlnSiJ, Thai floods, wavo*?, and more^itnfH^e re-
maining in bond July 1, ISoT. mu^t be withdrawn
tnoieiiom and the dutio< provided by law thereon
paid: and all ^oodo, waieo, and meichandi^e int-
nm ted after January 1,1817. mu^t be wil 'alrawn and
the duties thereon paid within one month from the
date ot on^nial importation.
The aiiKMjdment was rejected.
Mr. SPilAtrUft. In lmc seven of section
two after the woid *• exportation11 1 propose
to insert the following amendment:
Prodded, That merchandise upon which duties
ha\ e been paid ii expu1 ted to .< foiv-i^n c ountry with-
in one year from tho dsite of original importation,
shall be entitled to a return of duties on proper evi-
d mce oi such m erehandiselm vine? been landed   broad,
to be tin m-hed to the collector by the imporlez, ono
percent, of such duties to be returned by the Gov-
ernment.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading', and
ivas read the third dire.
ilr. S Pit AGUE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage ol the bill.
The veas and nuvs were ordered.
Mr. >S I IK 11,MAX". 1 do not intend to debate
this bill, but 1 will simply .state that after ex-
amining it very ca-refuily I am satisfied that the
third clause oi the first Section of the bill ought
not 1o be passed in the form of law, and there-
fore I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. TESSKXDKX. V\ hat is that clause?
Mi. SHE I! II AX. Intending to three years
the time within which the duties may bo paid.
The piesent lav,-gives the importer of goods
one year wiihin -which to pay the duties, but it
makes no provision for the sale if they are not
removed, and in that the law is defeelive.^ The
'the aet was to require the duties to
paid within the year, except, where the
.-oods are exported to foreign eountries or to
the Pacific coast. The old law allowed three
vrars for that purpo=e. My own unpre-sion is
that one year is enough. Within uist time
till-importer ought to hud a market and sell
bisr.oods: or if they are not entered hsr con-
sumption they otight to be solo piceiseh as
th.'i'are required lobe sold in the lawoi
at t'lio expiration of three years; and as that
is really the only material clause in this bill I
shall content myself by voting against it.
'The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas '2I, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Bucka'ew, Chandler, Comicss, Cra-
frm, Davis. l)oolutie, Fe-semtcn, Foster, Guthrie,
Harris, Howe, Johnson, iurkwood, McDougall, Mor-
p-an. Mori-til. Nesmith, Pol,aid, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner. Wtllev, WilSunrts aijd Wi'-im-'.j.
X A V iS—Alos^rs. Anthony, (irnne<*, Hendricks, Lane
of lmlinmt, l'omeroy, Kainsey, Sherman, Spraguc,
Vnn Winkle, and Waile—10.
ABSENT—Messrs.Ih-own, Chirk, Cowan, Creswell.
Dixon, Foot, Henderson, Howard, Lane of Kansas,
Norton, Nye, ltidclle, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Wright,
and Yates—16.
So the bill was passed.
COMMITTEE OX VENTILATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Bitkalew, Axtjiony, Brows, Nye.
and Stockton* as the committee on yentilation,
mider the resolution of the Senate adopted on
the 7th instant.
ADMISSION* OF COLORADO.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEI', the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 74) for the admis-
sion of the State of Colorado into the Union.
It recites that oil the 'Jlst, day of March, 1804,
Congress passed an act to enable the people of
Colorado to forma constitution and State gov-
ernment, and offered to admit that State, when
so formed, into the Union upon compliance
with certain conditions therein specified; and
that it appeared by a me.-sage of the President
of the United States dated January VI, 18U(>,
that the people have adopted a constitution,
which upon due examination is found to con-
form to the provisions and comply with the
conditions of the aet, and to be republican in
its form of government, and that they now ask
for admission into the Union; and then pro-
ceeds to enact that the constitution and Slate
government which the people of Colorado have
formed for themselves shall be accepted, rat-
ified. and continued: and that the State of
Coloiado shall be one of the United States of
America, ana isheieby admitted into the Union
upon an Cipial footing with the original States
in all respects whatsoever. The State of Colo-
rado is declared to bo entitled 1o all the rights,
privileges, grants, and immunities and to be
subject to all the conditions and restrictions
of an act entitled "An act to enable the people
of Colorado to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union on an equal fooling with the
original States." approved March 'Jl, 18(54.
Mr. STEWART. Before the bill is proceeded
with f call for the reading of the memorial of
the delegation from Colorado in explanation.
The Secretary read the following- memorial:
"Washington, D. 0., January 29. ISiio.
To f/V honorable Senate and Home of JZeprcxeiitattoes
in Coii'jr>js-v ctabled:
Yonr memorialist-; having been chosen to repre-
sent the people of Colorado m Congrc-.s nndhaving
been icijne^rod hy their State Leui-hitinv-elert to
present their application for ihc admi<-oon ol the
State into the I nion, respectfully reprint:
That the people ot Coloiado dewre ;-aid adrm?*ion
in accordance with the provisions ot the enabling
act of Con-'res--. approved March Uhl&'j*, a& id pro-
vided. in«tfeuatc bill jS'o. 7h now pending.
That the protest piesentod to your honorable body
against such admission, purporting to bei'iom coloied
. citr/.ens ot Colorado, isVi ithout >')ghaturo-s the names
1 bciusr printed thereon. And yonr memorialist^ havo
' baii^i.u'ioivasMiranees that manyufsaul names were
i thu< n^ed NMthont the knov.'ledjie or eonscntof the
parlies, and thai du'y havo cxpies^ed di-.-ati-faciion
therewith. And further, thar the lending man onions
them rearets hi^ incon-iderate acdon. and had .'race
expie.-Fed m writing a<le^u e i<ir the .idiai=si0n oi* the
State notwithstanding hi-' nroic-t.
Your mcmonaii>is would ierther call your atten-
tion io the laet that this pet't>on mahc^ .several nv<-
reore-entailons m lis >t.iieiiiei:t-. 1 trc[>r".-ruts tnat
tho f.annn^ and adoption of the Constitution w<>re
" areomnlishetl by the ul most rechle-^ness andd^re-
<?,i <1 ofhiw, and in many ea^c? by acUial traud. '
Tfn truth is. the convention that irarnod tne con-
p til ut ion wa« composed of alar^e bodv oi tne best men
in the Territory, dclibe} ations were eonciuoted
in aood order, with earc and marked ability. This is
t.j.j'>Wii l.'V lis journal ot ])i'0ceedir.cri andthc aouiirablc
eon^t!tuiion it adopted, ^,'Sneh ha-: challenged uni-
versal approbiuioii, erivcpiin^ the fran'dir-e^ehiu^e,
on ac-'ount oi' its iot."jiinA the word ''white'' in its
riualiiieation5;. The elections were held andconduotcd
in compliance with the laws re^'uhuins: elections jn
the Territory by art ordinance of the convention. In-
stead of having been carried by fraud, the vote on the
constitution was nniversaily i*eeoived as a fair ver-
dict, and all partiesyieided a ready assent to it. Thoy
all acted in good faith in the subsequent proceedings
under the constitution. After the vote on its adop-
tion wasknowu, t he elections for member of Congress,
State officers, and members of the Legislature *wero
participated in by all parties, in all parts of the Ter-
ritory, m good faith, proving a hearty absent to the
adoption ot the constitution. And the Legislature-
elect mot to choose United Senators, as provided for
by ordinance, every member being present, and par-
ticipating in its proceedings.
And furthoi, it is not true, as the language of tho
protect implies, th at th ere is anything in the constitu-
tion excluding colored children from public schools.
Nor is there anything in its provisions restricting the
colored man from the full enjoyment of all the im-
munities, rights, and privileges of white men, ex-
cepting the privileges of the elective franchise; and
for this, and all of its provisions, tho constitution
provides a ready mode of amendment.
We make this notice of the protest becauso of the
attention it has attracted, lest our silence might be
regarded as an asfacnt to the correctness of its state-
ments.
Wo further remark that it is believed that the priv-
ilege sought to be secured to the few colored men of
Colorado (they do not probably oxceed one hundred
or one hundred and iilty in ail) can be mora readily
and speedily attained by the present admission of the
State than by its rejection.
The people of Colorado having, at great expense
of time audiabor, organized their State government,
nfu rha\ing been invitedto do so by net of Congress:
having complied with all the essential conditions and
carried out the spirit of said act, we respectfully sub-
mit whether it would be riftht to set aside their work
and deprive them of its advantages for a doubtful
prospect of sooner securing the elective franchise to
the few colored people that reside among them.
We respectfully suggest whether it would be just
and riprht that the great and permanent interests of
an eminently loyal and patriotic community, which
is destined soon to be one of the most productive,
wealthy, and populous among the new States, should
be disregarded or set aside on account of a feature in
its Stale constitution which is found in those of nine-
teen outof the twenty-live loyal States of tho Union,
and especially afior no intimation against following
their example was given to the people in their ena-
bling act.
It is believed by tlic people of Colorado that their
admission as a State into the Union will crcatly pro-
mote their prosperity by giving increased confidence
in their public institutions; substituting a stable and
permanent government by the people for the tem-
per,irv government piovided for them.
That their paramount interest, mining the prccious
metals, being peculiar, furnishes special and strong
reasons why they should govern themselves.
And it is believed that this encouragement m the
promotion of their interests is of great national im-
portance, more especially at this time, when an in-
crease in the domestic production of bullion lslooked
to with so m«(h hope as a means of strengthening
Hie public > redit and improving the condition of the
finance- of the couurry, #
Confiding in the assurance given by the enabling
act, that tho (bwernment is ready to admit them,
belie\ing thom-elves to be fully :ible anil competent
to a^unie the burdens and meet the responsibilities
of a. State government, and tceling that their un-
doubted loyalty and tiicd patriotism entitle them to
the c-on'-ide) ation, the people of Colorado reflect-
fully ask to be admitted as a State into the union
without anv oilier conditions than those that have
aheady been imposed by Congress, and cheerfully
complied with on their part.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servants, JOHN EVANS.
J. iS. CUAl'VEE,
United States Senators-elect for Colorado.
G. M.CHtLCOTT,
Representative to Congress elcetfrohi Colorado.
Mr. SUMXEft. It'I can have the attention
of the Senate for a few moments, I think I can
I satisfy the Senate that there are grounds at
I least for hesitation in regard to the admission
of this Territory into the Union as a State. I
i sav ''hesitation;" but perhaps when Senators
! listen to all that may be said they will agree
| that something more than hesitation will be
H required from us in the discharge of our duty.
'! X do not, sir, undertake' to oppose even, as I
>! shall now, the admission of a new State into
1| flie Union w ithont hesitation and reluctance,
|i both of which 1 feel sincerely; hut it is my
!' duty, lis vino: irivon some little attention tothis
!■ ea.-.e.' to lay before the Senate the result ot my
' It seems to me that there are throe distinct
objections at this moment to the admission oi
',j Colorado as a State, and I will speak ot them in
1 heir order: first, the irregularity of the pro-
eeedings which hare er.ded in the seeming
'I adoption of the constitution presented to lis ;
j| second, the small number of people eonstihi-
j( tins? the population of that Territory, not being
II sufficient, as I submit, to justify us in investing
