264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
give .Mm the right to vote, I consider that I act
none the less as his friend. I have no hatred,
no prejudice to the negro. I am willing to con-
fer upon him everything necessary and essen-
tial to his well-being and his future happiness
and usefulness, but when it comes to placing him
upon the same social and political level as my
own race, I must refuse to do it, because in do-
ing it I would be doing an injury to both races
that the future at least will develop.
If I believed that the matter of suffrage was
the only mode to help the negro in his eleva-
tion, and the only safeguard to his protection,
or guarantee to his rights, I would be willing to
give it to him now, subject to proper qualifica-
tions and restrictions. But I am honest in my
conviction that, uneducated and ignorant as
he is, a slave from his birth, and subject to the
will and caprice of his master, with none of the
exalted ideas of what that privilege means, and
with but a faint conception of the true position
he now occupies, the negro is not the proper
subject to have conferred upon him this right.
I believe if it is given to him, that in localities
where his is the majority vote, parties will spring
up, each one bidding higher than the other (or his
ballot, and that in the end the negro-voting ele-
ment will be controlled by a few evil and wicked
politicians, and as something to be bought and
sold as freely as an article of merchandise. I
am satisfied of another fact, from my experi-
ence of the southern negro, that if they are ever
allowed to vote the shrewd politician of the
South, who has been formerly his master, will
exert more influence over his vote than all the
exhortations from Beeeher or Clieever.
It is a notorious fact that the southern planter
maintained his political influence over the poor
white man of the South, because the poor white
man was dependent on him for his living and
support. And you will find, when it is too late,
that the soul hern planter will maintain the same
political influence over the poor, uneducated,
ignorant, and dependent African, even to a
greater extent, than he formerly exercised over
what used to be called the ''poor white trash."
Mr. Speaker, let us not, because we have the
majority here to day, pass upon measures, which,
if we were evenly divided, wo would hesitate to
pass. Let us not, because we are called radi-
cals, strike at the roots of society, and of the
gieal social and political systems that have ex-
isted for over a century, and attempt to do in a
day without any pi eparation, what, to do well and
safely will require years of patience 011 lliepart
of the frocdmcn. and earnest, honest, exertions
to elevate, improve, and educate on our part.
Let us look at this question as statesmen, not
as partisans. Let us not suppose that the parties
of to-day will have a perpetual existence, and
that because the negro, freed and emancipated
by us, would naturally vote on iho side of his
deliverer to-day, that it is any guarantee, when
new parties are formed and a competition
arises, that the whole or the major part of his
vote will be cast on the right, side. White men
and black men are liable to the same infirmities.
Let us rather, sir, rejoice at what has been
already done for him, and be content to watch
his future. Lotus help to elevate and improve
him, not only in education, but in morals. Let
us sec to it that he is not only protected in all
his rights of person and of property. Imt let us
insist that the amplest, guarantees,shall be given.
Let us wait until the great problem the African
is now working out has been finished, and we,
find that he thoioughlv comprehends and will
not abuse what he has got, before we attempt
to confer other privileges, which, when once
granted, can never be taken from him. Sir,
let it not be forgotten that "revolutions never
go backward;" and if you ever confer this right
on the negro, and find it will not work well, that
you have been too hasty, that you should have
waited awhile longer, you will find it is too late,
and that,, once having possessed it, they will not
part with it except with their lives.
Mr. DARLING obtained the floor.
CONl'TDtMOE IX THK PRESIDENT.
_ Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I desire to make a correction
of the Journal of the House. On the 10th of
January, I had the honor to submit a resolu-
tion in reference to the policy of the President,
and a mistake has occurred in its engrossment.
I ask that the resolution may be read as I
offered it.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That Luc House cherish the most entire
confidence in the patriotism and abifity of the Presi-
dent of the United States and in his desire to restore
the Union on a basis of permanent prosperity and
peace, and that the cooperation of this House is
pledged to him in support of the general policy of re-
construction inaugurated by him in the modes au-
thorized by the Constitution and consistent with the
security of republican institutions.
Mr. DAVIS. It will be observed that in the
printed resolution the language is changed, and
it becomes a resolution declaring that this House
cherish the most entire confidence in the patriot-
ism and policy of the President. I did affirm
by the resolution that we cherish entire con-
fidence in the patriotism and ability of the
President, and in the general policy which he
proposes to inaugurate. But I did not intend
to commit myself nor to commit this House to
a declaration of confidence in every measure
or act of the President in reconstruction, and
I do not wish to go out before the country as
sayingthatin everything the President hasdone,
he has done what 1 would have done or what
[ can conscientiously in all things approve.
I did not approve entirely and in all things the
policy of the late President. There were things
which 1 regretted ; and 1 only say that I do not
wish now to commit myself in advance by so
broad a declaration as is set forth in the res-
olution as it was incorrectly printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
response to the gentleman from New York, that
lie entertains this as a privileged question, as
there certainly was a mistake in the printing.
As written it, reads "patriotism and ability,'"
and it is printed "patriotism and policy."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. With the consent
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dar-
i.ixo,] I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January ] 7, 18GG.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
senator from north carolina.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The Chair
has received the credentials of Hon. William
A. Graham, of North Carolina, showing that
he was elected a Senator of the United States
from that Slate for six years from the -ith of
March last; and, in compliance m ith the pre-
vious practice of the Senate in such cases, these
credentials will be received, if there be no ob-
jection, and laid upon the table. They are laid
upon the table.
exkclt1vj5 communications.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the lUtli ultimo,
information in relation to the number of major
and brigadier geueials of volunteers, where
they aie stationed, and what duties they are
pet forming; which, on motion of Mr. Wilsox,
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War. transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the l'Jth ultimo, information in re-
lation to the number of men now in service in
the regular Army, what number of officers are
holding commissions, where said officers are
stationed, and what duty they are performing;
which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
petitions axd memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented two petitions of sol-
diers who volunteered and enlisted in the ser-
vice of the United States for the term of .nine
months in the autumn of 1862, praying that a
bounty of twenty-five dollars, which at that time
they allege they had reason to expect, be paid to
them; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition from
the members of the African Methodist Zion
church, of the borough of York, in Pennsylva-
nia, setting forth that in many of the States at
this moment no snch thing as a republican form
of government exists, and praying Congress to
grant a remedy for that case. I also offer a simi-
lar petition from the Past Grand Master's Coun-
cil No. 2, of the Patriarchal Order of Past Grand
Masters of the Grand United Order of Odd Fel-
lows, praying Congress to secure a republican
form of government in certain States. I ask the
reference of these petitions to the joint com-
mittee of fifteen on reconstruction.
They were so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition of fifty-
seven colored men of the city of Montgomery,
Alabama, in which they remonstrate against a
requisition recently made by the Governor of
Alabama on the United States for arms and am-
munition to equip one hundred and four com-
panies of militia. They set forth the danger to
which the colored people will be exposed in
their persons and property by the arming of two
militia companies in every county of the State.
There is no pretext, they say, even that there is
any danger to thepublic peace to be apprehended
from the colored people of the State. _ 1 must
say, in presenting this petition, which is both a
petition and a remonstrance, that, 1 sympathize
with it entirely, and I protest against the militia
of Alabama being armed at this moment at the
expense of the national Government. I move
the reference of this petition to the joint com-
mittee of fifteen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EOOT presented the memorial of Janes,
Eowler, Kirtland & Co., praying for compensa-
tion for damages alleged to have been sustained
by them in consequence of the suspension of
the work on the dome of the Capitol in May,
18G1, by order of the Secretary of War; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Charles II. Upton, praying for compensation
for alleged damages to his property in Fairfax
and Alexandria counties, Virginia, by United
States troops ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of the
members of the bar of the State and district of
Kansas, praying for an increase of the salary of
the United States district judge for that district;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
reports or committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from tlie_ Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a memo-
rial of colored citizens of Colorado Territory,
remonstrating against the admission of that Ter-
ritory as a State until the word "white" bo
erased from its constitution, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories ; which was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 22) supplementary to the several acts re-
lating to pensions, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, io wbora
was refened the petition of Samuel Graves,
late a private in the ninth regiment of Rhode
Island volunteers, praying to be allowed an in-
valid pension, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Bridget Stone,
widow of John Stone, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension, submitted an adverse report,
and asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Frances S. Rich-
ardson, widow of the late Major General I. B.
