me.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
it with all the great prerogatives of a State;
arid' in the thirl place, it does pot come before
us how according to the requirements _ of the
enabling act with a constitution republican in
form, and consistent witli the Declaration of
Independence. Either one of these objections
would be sufficient, sir, to make yon pause ;
all of them, if sustained; [think, will carry yon
to the conclusion that this constitution, at least
in its present form, cannot receive the sanc-
tion ot the Senate.
. Now, sir, in the first place, with regard to
the .irregularity of the proceedings, and I pray
tli'e attention of the Senate to that point, be-
cause 1 have heard it said in conversation that
we are concluded by the enabling act, that it is
BO longer an open question, that we have got
to receive this constitution which has been sent
to vis, because at a certain date we passed an
enabling act under which it is said the people
inthis distant Territory have proceeded to form
themselves into a State. On that point allow
me to call attention first to the language of the
President in his message communicating to the
Senate the papers in this case:
To the SfiMtc. and Iloune of Rcijresentathcv :
X transmit herewith a communication addressed to
mo by Messrs. John Evans and J. B. (Jhattee, us
t4 United States Senators-elect from tho State of Col-
orado," together with tho accompanying documents.
Under authority of tho net of Congress, approved
tho 2lst day of March, l&H, tho people of Colorado,
through a convention, formed a constitution making
provision for a State government, which, when sub-
mitted to tho qualified voters ot the Territory, was
rejected. In tho summer of a second ( onvontion
was culled by the executive committees of tho .sev-
eral political parties in tho Temtoiy, which assem-
bled at Denver on tho 8th of August, On tho
J2th of Unit month this convention adopted a State
constitution, which way submitted to the people on
the 5fh of September. I8(k>, and ratified by a major-
ity of one hundred ami fifty-five of the qualified vo-
ters Tho proceedings in tho second instance for tho
formation of a Htato government having differed in
time and mode from those specified in the act of March
21, IHGi, I have declined to issue the proclamation for
which provision is made in tho fifth section of tho law,
, and therefore subuut the question lor tho considera-
tion imd further action of Uousnw.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
WajsJHN'oTON, Jauuury 12, ISijli.
There, in1lio.se few words, you have a state-
ment by the President merely it) outline of the,
irregularity of this proceeding. There was,
Senators will bear in mind, an enabling act
which i now have be.loi'e mo, approved March
21, 1K04? entitled "An act to enable the people
of Colorado to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union mi an utpml footing with tho
original Slates.'' This act is formed on the
inodci of most of tin1 previous enabling acta.
Amon^ its provisions is this, in the fourth sec-
tion, with reference to the no'etin^ of the con-
vention to form a State constitution :
"That tho members of the convention, t bus elected,
shall meet at the capital of ^aid Territory on thclir-rt
Monday in July next, and, alter organization, >hall
declare, on behalf of the people of i-.iul To i itorv, that
they adopt the Constitution of the United Stale*;
whereupon the *akl convention shall be, and it, is
hereby, authorized to form a constitution and estate
government for s.ud Territory."
Then follow tho customary conditions intro-
duced into such net<i. Now it appears that there
was an effort, under this act to create a consti-
tution, Imt that it. failed ; the constitution was
rejected. Tho question naturally recurs, then,
•whether by the rejection of (he constitution nt
that time litis act was not so far exhausted that
tho people in this Territory could no longer
derive under it any authority for those prelimi-
nary proceedings that were required in the for-
mation of a State government.
Bui, sir, in addition to this important fact,
which I may say is of record, and with regard
to which there can be no question, there were
other irregularities which are not so precisely
of record," to which it is my duty to call your
attention. 1 have in my hand a memorandum,
given to me yesterday, prepared and signed
,by a gentleman from Colorado, who arrived in
town J i believe, yesterday morning, and who
is actually president of the Territorial Council,
Henry C. Leach. He has undertaken very
briefly to set forth some of the irregularities
that occurred; and I will read them:
1. The convention which framed tho constitution
was ndt elected by the people, being simply delegates
appointed by caucuses ordered bypoirtical parties.
2. The counties of EI Pasa, Pueblo, Huerfano, Cos-
tilla, and Conejos, were not represented in the con-
vention, a nd had no part in making the constitution.
These counties represent one third of tho population
of Colorado.
8. The constitution was submitted to tho people
without the safeguards and protection of law one
week in advance of the annual territorial election;
it was publicly asserted that if submitted on the same
day " the people would vote it down."
4. Information that the constitution was tobc voted
on did not rcach thocounty of Conejos until ten o'clock
on the morning of the election.
5. None of the provisions of tho enabling aet of
1864 were complied with, except the submission of
the constitution to the people, and this was done
without authority or protection ot law.
(5. The total vote was—
In favor of the constitution 3,025
Against 2,870
Majority for  loo
This vote was obtained by a union of the politi-
cians of ail parties and the support of all the newspa-
pers in the Territory, there being no organized op-
position, and no protection of law from fraudulent
voting.
7. Tho election for State officers m November was
without authoiity or protection, of law, and large
frauds were perpetrated, tho entire vote of the iirst
ward in Denver beini,' declared fraudulent by tho
canvassers. The legislative Assembly were elected
at the hiimo time and by the same vote.
8. Pifty-eight voters in the county of Summit elected
two representatives and one senator to the "State"
Legislature. HENRY C. LEACH.
Such is what I have to say on the irregular-
ity of these proceedings. Perhaps it was not
necessary to go into these details of the irreg-
ularity, for it is enough to show that the peo-
ple did not act by virtue of any enabling stat-
ute; that the act, though passed by Congress,
was exhausted; that therefore all subsequent
proceedings were in the nature of volunteer
proceedings, to be respect cd like any other pro-
ceeding of the people, but not having any sanc-
tion derived from a preliminary act of Congress.
It is on this account that 1 insist Congress is not
in any way compromised or bound by its pre-
vious enabling act, and it can approach this
whole question free1 from all embarrassment,
it may treat it as if no enabling act had ever
been passed.
This brings me to the second objection, which
is tho waul of a proper population. On this
licnd the evidence is very strong. The gentle-
men who appear here with credentials as Sen-
ators do not undertake to state with any con-
fidence what tho population is. After several
conversations with those very respectable gen-
tlemen, I have found that they were not pro-
pared with any precise statement on thai ques-
tion. They are, in short, without any oQicial
evidence with regard to the population. In
thai respect, therefore, they stand on {inequal-
ity with other gentlemen of intelligence in the
Territory. I have in my hand a letter from a
gentleman whose character and intelligence I
can vouch, an original Massachusetts citizen,
who had been in the Senate of Massachusetts
and mayor of his town, which was New Bedford,
which Senators well know is certainly one of
the most important of the towns in Massachu-
setts, and who has carried his household gods
and Ids fortune to that distant Territory, Hon.
Rodney Kreueh, well known also in the politics
of Massachusetts. He writes mo under date
of January tt, as follows:
" Pardon me, but I trust you will bea.blo to discover
that our State movement \ i entirely premature. We
have not over twenty-live thousand, if indeed we
have twenty thousand inhabitant^ in the Territory.
The friends of the movement claim lfn votes major-
ity tor the State constitution. Never believe it car-
ried, as they never published the official vote,simply
thelr>5 majority. Our property valuation to put the
taxes upon is only soino eight or nine millions. The
whole movement was got up with money by a few
interested."
That 5s the testimony of one gentleman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me to ask if this same Mr.
Rodney French was not one of the members of
the convention that formed the constitution?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, he was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He'has changed his
opinion sineo?
Mr. SUMNER. No j he opposed the con-
stitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How came he to be in
a voluntary convention to form a constitution
for a State that had not sufficient population?
Mr. SUMNER. It is not for me to explain
all the details of his conduct. I simply let him.
speak for himself. ,
Mr. POMEROY. It may throw some light
on the subject to suggest that individual mem-
bers of the convention who expected they could
get office under the State constitution were for
it; but when they found they could not they
were against it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That explains it.
Mr. SUMNER. That may explain it I
shall not undertake to answer that suggestion,
for I have no facts one way or the_ other with
regard to it, and I have no disposition to press
this ease in any such way. My simple desire is
to bring before the Senate such facts as through
my inquiries I have been able to learn, thinking
that the Senate ought to know them, and be-
lieving that they ought to have some influence
in determining the judgment on this question.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 understand the Senator tc
say that there never has been official certifica-
tion of the votes on the constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. I have made no such asser-
tion.
Mr. WILLEY. I thought you made it upon
the authority  
Mr. SUMNER. I read a few words from Mr.
French's letter.
Mr. W1LLEY. But that is to that effect.
Mr. SUMNER. Not precisely.
Mr. WILLEY. I find on my table a printed
paper containing in detail the vote of all the
counties, purporting to be signed by the officers
of the Territory and the clerk of the executive
department of Colorado Territory. 1 merely
rise to make tho inquiry whether or not the
Senator was aware that this was really an
official document?
Mr. SlIMNER. I was aware of it; I have
it on my table and propose to consider it in a
minute, with the Senator's permission.
Mr. GRIMES. I can say to the Senator from
West Virginia that I have the original docu-
ment, the one signed by the executive officer
who certifies it, not printed, but in manuscript.
Mr. SUMNER. On the question with regard
to the population, Mr. French states that it
may be twenty-five thousand, and he hardly
thinks it is more than twenty thousand. Others
have placed it at twenty-five thousand. The
gentlemen here claiming seats as Senators place
it higher: but I do not understand that any one
of them places it above thirty or thirty-five thou-
sand. Therefore, even supposing it to be thirty
or thirty-fire thousand, the Senate will see that
it is a very small body of men to invest with
the character of a State government. But, sir,
there are certain facts which will enable us to
get something of an idea of the amount of pop-
ulation. I have here a table of the votes in
the Territory for a succession of years.
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator passes
from Mr. French, 1 call his attention to the
si-tth page of the documents accompanying the
President's message on this subject,,where it
appears from the proceedings of the conven-
tion that Mr. French was a defeated candidate
for president of the convention.
Mr. SUMNER. Was ho not tho president
of the convention ?
Mr. STEWART. No; he was a defeated
candidate.
Mr. SUMNER. That only attests the emi-
nent position that he held in the convention.
Mr. STEWART. The fact that he was de-
feated might have had some effect upon his
estimates.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether it is ad-
visable to go into any such question of motives
on this occasion. I do not mean to raise any
such question. I liave a great many papers and
letters that raise questions with regard to the
gentlemen who are here. I do not propose to
make any allusion to them. There are letters
and papers here on my table which I do not
propose to read, but which, if I should read,
would reflect seriously upon those gentlemen.
