2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
land, and afford the easier and readier intercourse of
water eonvcvance. Bat these vast lakes required
also harbors and lights and breakwaters. And were
these lawful objects of national legislation ? lo me,
certainly, they have appeared to be such as clearly
as if they were on the Atlantic border."
' The First Congress committed the Govern-
ment to the policy of the bill. The act passed
on the 7th of August, 1789, the act referred
to by Mr. Webster, and which was approved
by George Washington, for the establishment
of light-houses, beacon-buoys, and public piers,
was a contemporaneous construction of the
Constitution admitting the power of Congress
to legislate for rendering the navigation of
inlets, or harbors, or ports of the United States
easy and safe. There was little internal com-
merce at that time and our foreign commerce
was very limited; and yet, in 1790, Congress
enacted and passed another law. In August,
1790, an appropriation was made for the secu-
rity of navigation. In March, 1791, in April,
1792, in June, 1794, andinMarch, 1795, other
laws were passed upon the same general sub-
ject. In March, 1790, the Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Oliver Wolcotl, recommended
an appropriation of §10,000 for four new piers
in the Delaware river, and in April, 1798, a
further sum of SCO,000 was recommended for
the same purpose. The reasons given by Mr.
Wolcott in the report which he made are of
great significance at this time. They will be
found in the lleport on Commerce and Nav-
igation for that year, volume one, page 390.
He says:
"A question arises whether expenses of the nature
proposed ought to be general or whether they ought
* to bo defrayed by a duty imposed on ton rt aire ot ves-
sels employed in the river l)claware. On this point
it is respectfully suggested that though it may be dif-
ficult to form general rules by which to determine
in all casos what establishments ought to ho sup-
posed r.t the expense of the United States, and that
though it is certain that'iuany of the hays, rivers, and
harboisof this country are susceptible of improve-
ments which it, would be inexpedient for the Gov-
ernment to undertake, especially at present, yet it is
equally certain that national iuterosts of tho first
^ impoi-taneo aro concentered in the principal eom-
men ial citics which cannot, consistently with public
interests, be submitted to the direction of local policy.
Tho Secretary has considered the nvcr Delaw.ue,
below Philadelphia, as entitled in respect to estab-
lishments for tho secuiity uf navigation to the same
consideration as any part of the coast adjoining the
high sea. Tho proposed piers will bo useful to for-
eign vessels and to American vessels iroiu all tho
States. Commercial ports upon the liver within the
jurisdiction of three States will, in proportion to the
extent of their trade, bo nearly as much benefited
l?y-the .establishments which are desired as the port
of Philadelphia."
. Now, we have at this time many "Delaware
rivers," rivers and harbors in the interior which
were then hardly known, but which have
become now of as much relative national value
as the river Delaware was at that time, and
the arguments applicable to that river are all
with the same force applicable to those cov-
ered by this bill, and every appropriation
which we ask for here comes fairly within the
principle upon which the old Delaware appro-
priation stood. Tho laws, during our early
history, concerned light-houses, buoys, piers,
&C., but as the wants of commerce increased,
as the nation grew in resources, other laws
were passed applying more generally the same
principle. In April, 1798, a law was passed
to stake out the channel of Warren river,
Rhode Island, and moneys were appropriated
for similar purposes in May, 1802. and March,
1805. After that time during diffcicnt years
other appropriations wore made for like pur-
poses in States upon the sea-board and away
from the sea-board, but all for the general
objects indicated in the first act approved by
Washington.
I have hero a report made by General Dela-
field at this session, in reply to a communica-
tion which I was directed by the Committee
on Commerce to address to the Secretary of
War, and which will be found as Executive
Document No. IS, and if gentlemen will ex-
amine it they will find that from 1824 down to
1856, appropriations were made, for building
piers, for building break-waters, for removing
obstructions in rivers, for improving harbors,
for improving navigation, for deepening chan-
nels, for the preservation of harbors, and for
the construction of sea-walls. I believe that
these will be found to embrace substantially
all the classes of appropriations which are con-
tained in this bill. The years when these
appropriations were made will be found upon
examination of this same document to cover
the Administrations of Presidents Monroe and
John Quincy Adams, of General Jackson and
Mi-. Van Buren and Mr. Tyler. During the
early history of our Government we had com-
paratively no inland commerce, no lakes vain-
able for commerce; we had no valley of the
Mississippi; we had no West; but all that was
wanted was done.
The State of Illinois, if I recollect aright,
was admitted into the Union in the year 1818.
That State, young as she is, was six years old
before a dollar of money was appropriated by
the General Government for the improvement
of harbors upon the classic waters of Lake Erie.
There have been during these latteryears other
waters which have been dyed red with patriot
blood; there have been other battle-fields than
those thereabout where the blood of Union
men has been freely poured out to save the
nation. But yet, during all the life of the
nation to come, I believe we shall turn back
to no waters with more pride than to those
where Perry first achieved his brilliant victory,
the waters of Lake Erie. It would have been
well if the Government of the United States
had looked to that lake some years before it
did. In 1824 the first appropriation was made.
During the war of 1812, as you know, Great
Britain proposed to hold command of Lake
Erie, and with her squadron there was block-
ading the port of Erie. Perry was stationed
upon those waters to defend the interests of
the LTnited States, lie then contrived to build
and equip his small fleet within the harbor at
that port; the British squadron being outside
the bar in the deep waters of the lake, and his
vessels within. His fleet at last was ready,
but the Niagara and the Lawrence could not
move because there was a bar which the Gov-
ernment. had not yet seen fit to remove. It so
happened that the British commander hoisted
sail and went off one day with his squadion.
leaving Perry, who had been providing some
means to get his vessels over the bar, to exe-
cute his purpose if he could. With the great-
est labor the Lawrence and the Niagara were
lightened of their armaments, and means were
used, which the skillful commander had before
provided, by which the vessels were lifted over
tbe bar and floated in the deep waters of the
lake. Before the British squadron returned,
tho American fleet was prepared for its recep-
tion ; and well we know that it was not long
afterward that the battle of Lake Erie was
fought and Perry's victory was won.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one of two courses must
be taken. Either the Government must lift up
its hand from the sea-coast and from lake and
from river; it must say to the people, "You
have fought for and made the nation and saved
its life ; but now within your own State borders
you must protect and take care of your own ia-
tercstsor else the sea-coast. East and West,
so far as it shall be necessary for the security
of navigation, and the mighty rivers and the
greal lakes of the continent must be cleared of
their obstructions and their harbors rendered
secure, so that they may be entered with safety
by the vessels of the United States and by the
vessels of commerce, and I hope the mem-
bers of the Thirty-Ninth Congress will upon
this question be found upon the side of the
people.
Sir, if the action of the early Government and
of our early Presidents appropriating moneys
for roads and canals and the various improve-
ments of rivers, thenof some commercial value,
and of harbors on the sea-coast, was pursuant to
constitutional powers granted or fairly implied,
the question must be deemed fairly settled, and
at this time the demands of more millions of
men whose interests are involved in one im-
provement than achieved our independence
cannot be properly denied.
In one appropriation asked for here, more
than five million people are directly interested.
And yet the States where they live are mere
children in the Union—.^urdy young ones and
hard strikers—they have done some splendid
fighting during these four years past; they have
sent their hundreds of thousands of men to
help save that flag, and we should see tolt that
it shall securely wave over their lakes and
rivers.
Sir, we have seven great lakes: Superior,
Huron, Michigan, St. Clair, Erie, Ontario, and.
Champlain. Without estimating at all the rivers
and the canals which connect those lakes, it will
be found that there is a straight line of lake
navigation of one thousand five hundred and
seventy-three miles in length. But that does
not state the whole truth, for the lake coast is
five thousand miles in extent, of which three
thousand miles are within the territory of the
United States.
Leaving the lakes and going to the rivers,
we find that, taking the rivers Mississippi, Mis-
souri, Arkansas, Ohio, and lied river, with
their tributaries, we have a length of navigable
waters of sixteen thousand six hundred and
seventy-four miles. The inestimable national
importance of the navigation of these lakes
and rivers cannot be overstated. The whole-
Mississippi valley, with its fourteen States,
the eight States upon the lakes, depend upon
these lakes and rivers as their natural high-
ways to a commercial market. We can esti-
mate the present commercial value of the
products of the West; but we cannot tell how
that value will be multiplied. Yet for many
years from the time when the last general bill
passed by Congress found its death in the Pres-
ident's portfolio, every dollar of appropriation
has been earned by the earnest advocates of
these improvements before it was authorized
by Congress and became a law.
I do not propose to occupy the time of the
House now by reviewing at any length the
action of Congress upon the subject of river
and harbor improvement. And yet it may be
well to recur to that action briefly, and I pro-
pose to do so.
In 1808 Albert Gallatin's famous report was
made, recommending a grand appropriation
of $20,000,000 for turnpike roads, canals, and
inland navigation. Within the range of his
recommendations were immensely long public
roads and canals running north and south,
and east and west. There were large appro-
priations recommended for improving the nav-
igation of the great rivers. That recommen-
dation of Mr. Gallatin was not acted upon.
It will be remembered that shortly after
that time there were heard in the air the dis-
tant mutterings of thunder. Soon afterward
a cloud not bigger than a man's hand was
seen. The eyes of all and the attention of all
were directed to what was to come. The war
with England, which followed, put a stop to
appropriations of that description. But from
about 1808 until the presidential term of Mr.
Tyl er, through contest and through tribulation,
and notwithstanding now and then a presi-
dential veto, appropriations to the following
amounts, according to a very valuable report
made by Colonel Abert to the War Department,
w,ere made: during the presidential term of
Mr. Jefferson, $48,500; during the term of Mr.
Madison, $250,800; during the term of Mr.
Monroe, $707,621; during the term of Mr. John
Quincy Adams, $2,310,175; during the term
of General Jackson, $10,582,8S2 ; during the
term of Mr. Van Buren, $2,222,544; during
the term of Mr. Tyler, SI,070,500.
President Tyler, in his annual message to the
Twenty-Eighth Congress, made at its first ses-
sion, strongly recommended to the attention of
Congress the western lakes and rivers. Dur-
ing that same session, however, he declined to
sign, but returned with his veto, a bill provid-
ing appropriations for eastern harbors, known
on the records of that day as the " eastern bar-
