3248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
only just source of the power of rulers—not
under some circumstances but tinder all. They
did not believe Great Britain had a right to im-
pose taxes upon two million subjects who were
not represented in her Parliament, and they re-
belled because they were thus ruled. They held
that rebellion to be just. They earned praise
and eternal fame, and won their independence
and a national existence by that rebellion. Do
you believe, sir, they would have deemed it
right for the Government of the United States
to make laws for eight millions of their people
who were to obey those laws and have no voice
in making them ? Is that in harmony with our
system? Is it not an open, flagrant repudia-
tion of the only principle on which our Gov-
* eminent rests? You tell mo it is temporary,
conditional. I care not. It asserts a right
which cannot exist an hour without violating
the fundamental principle of our institutions.
You tell me these eight millions have forfeited
their rights; that they have ceased to be States;
that they are conquered provinces, subject only
to the laws of war. I do not believe a word
of it. The theory has no warrant in our Con-
stitution or in the theory of our Government.
But I waive all that. If I were to grant it
all it would make 110 difference in my action
on (his question. If we had the power asserted
in all ils plenitude I would not use it, because
I do not believe it would be for the interest of
the country that it should bo used. I say with
Edmund Burke, in his great speech in the Eng-
lish Parliament in 1775, on "conciliation with
America"—which, by the way, [ think is bet-
ter adapted to the state of our public affairs at
the present moment than nine tenths ot' those
made 011 this iloor, my own included—" It is
not what a lawyer tells me 1 may do; it is
what humanity, justice, and reason tell me I
ought to do. The question is not with me
whether we have the right to make onr people
miserable, but whether it is not oar interest to
in.ike them happy." We are not seeking the
settlement of a ease in a count}' court; we
are seeking the tranquillity ot' an imperial re-
public. \Ve are aiming at the loftiest and
highest results which it is permitted to man to
aspire to anywhere or at any time—the peace,
order, strength, prosperity, and power of Amer-
ica and the welfare of the human race. So
that be wisely and conscientiously sought, I
care not for technicalities.
I say that, in my judgment, the interest of
this nation, the interest of every State in this
Union, the interest of every man in every
State of this Union demands that wo shall con-
sider this question upon a different basis, a
different footing altogether. That interest de-
mands we shall treat this question as we have
treated all others hitherto, 011 the basis of the
principles which lie at the foundation of our
Government, with a wise regard to the impulses
and weaknesses of human nature and a steady
reference to the circumstances and general
character and condition of those with whom
we hare to (leal. You tell me these men arc
not lit to share in the Government ; that they
are sullen, resentful, doliani; that they still
cling to the right of secession. Grant, it. How
are we to make them better (itted? Will coer-
cion, will exclusion do it? Will they change
their opinions because we refuse them repre-
sentation? Will they love us with all their
hearts because wo deny them all participation
in our and their affairs? Will they become
converts to our principles because we deny
their right to hold any others? Will they deem
us models of courage because wo brand their
dead sons who perished in their cause as cow-
ards. and denounce as felony the courage and
devotion which led them to death? We can
know little of human nature if we dream of
8uch results.
You admit that during the first six months
alter their surrender their demeanor was un-
impeachable. You say they have changed and
become defiant, and you attribute this change
to the leniency they received at the hands of
the President. Are you quite sure you have
hie the right reason? Is it not barely possible
that your own action may have had something
to do with this alleged change of the public
mind in the southern States? I think I shall
not bo contradicted in point of fact when I say
that during the summer of last year, from the
time the rebels laid down their arms until
the meeting of Congress, the feeling of the
southern States toward the national Govern-
ment was one of submission, of acquiescence,
and of readiness to renew, in sincerity and in
truth, their allegiance to the Constitution and
Government of the United States. Now, what,
sir, has changed that temper, so far as it has
been changed at all?
I think there is fair reason for believing that,
when Congress assumed a hostile attitude,
when it began to declare that the people of the
South were not fit to take part in the Govern-
ment, that they had forfeited all their rights
and could not be admitted to representation,
that they were conquered subjects, and fellow-
citizens no longer; when we began to give cur-
rency to hostile and mischievous reports from
the South, magnifying every instance of vio-
lence and of crime, charging them wholly to
political causes, and 011 the strength of those
allegations entering upon hostile legislation ;
I think it not at all impossible that the effect
of this action upon the southern mind was first
to arrest its loyal tendencies and then to make
it sullen, defiant, and hostile. I think I have
some warrant for this opinion in a knowledge of
what would take place in my own or in the mind
of every one of us under similar circumstances.
Is there a man here, I care not what may be
his opinion on this general subject, who does
not feel in his heart that hostility and distrust
toward him from others would engender hos-
tility in his own mind toward them? Is there
anything in huinau nature to controvert this
general statement? Can any man point me
to an instance in history in which any society
or any nation, great or small, was ever coerced
into sympathy of sentiment with the dominant
power by measures of force? I have hitherto
so often referred to historical precedents on
this subject that I am unwilling to refer to them
again ; and yet they cannot be cited too often.
Did coercion bring Hungary to sympathize with
Austria, to acknowledge Austrian rule or yield
prompt and cheerful obedience to Austrian
decrees? For fifteen years, under this disci-
pline, Hungary was defiant and maintained a
naughty and sullen independence; and Austria,
feeling more and more the need of her sympa-
thy and aid, was finally forced to concede every-
thing that Hungary had claimed, an independ-
ent parliament and the right to crown her own
kings.
Has the hostile feeling of Ireland been as-
suaged by the treatment she has experienced
at the hands of England? Has Poland become
less hostile by reason of her treatment by
llussia? The greatest example ever afforded
in the history of the world of the attempt on
the part of a ruling power to coerce opinion
and make men think like their oppressors is
furnished by the Inquisition. Force was never
applied so directly and so sharply upon the
object sought to be accomplished, and what
was the result? We are not using the machin-
ery of the Inquisition, it is true; we are not
employing "Luke's iron boot orDamien's bed
of steelbut we are acting upon the identical
principles which were then avowed. Now, sir,
nations are like men. Communities arc' but
aggregations of individuals. If you treat them
kindly you make them friends." If you treat ,
them with hostility inevitably and by a natural j
law they become enemies.
In my judgment, sir, if there is anything es-
tablished by the law of human nature, by what
we know of the elements of influence on soci-
eties and States and by the experience of na-
tions in all ages, it is that the people of these
States can never be made more loyal, more
heartily attached to our Government and bet-
ter fitted to share its councils by excluding
them all, loyal and disloyal alike, from all par-
ticipation in them. Every year of such exclu-
sion will only make them worse. I do not say
we have not the physical power to enforce obe-
dience upon them, to govern them by force and
not by consent, but I do say that if we continue
that system three, five, or seven years longer,
we must quadruple our armies and double the
taxes we impose upon the people to-day.
And now, sir, before I close my remarks,
already much too long, I desire to say a few
words upon the relation of the action we may
take here to the Union party—that party which
is to-day in possession of all departments of
the Government and which is responsible for
the conduct of public affairs. I speak not of
party in any narrow sense, nor as an agency
for procuring patronage, place, and power for
selfish reasons or for selfish ends, but as an
agent of political reform, as a means of pro-
moting the public good. The Union party has
carried this country through the war.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] made the remark the other day that
"we have saved the Union," and, as at that
moment the discussion was of a somewhat par-
tisan character, I, perhaps rather hastily, drew
the inference that he intended to say that the
Democratic party had saved the Union. A
little reflection, however, satisfied me that this
was a misapprehension of his meaning; because
neither he nor anybody else will deny, I think,
that what is known as the Union party has
carried the country through the war by which
the rebellion has been quelled. That party
grew out of the necessities which the rebellion
created. The party in opposition to the Dem-
ocratic party at the commencement of the war
was the Pv,epublican party. That was formed
for the purpose of checking the aggressions of
slavery. It had done that effectually. But,
its success furnished the occasion and the pre-
text for the rebellion, and out of the necessity
of crushing the rebellion grew up the Union
party, composed of the bulk of the Republican
party, and of accessions—large accessions, I am
proud to say—fromwhathad been known as the
Democratic party of the northern and western
States. There were to be found in the Union
party thousands of men who, the moment the
country was in danger, abandoned party organi-
zations and joined those who sustained the
Administration upon which devolved the duty
of suppressing the rebellion. The Democratic
party, as an organization, did not assume that
position. Its attitude was one of continued
opposition. The Union party was then left to
carry the country through the war, and its
labors were crowned with success, and it gained
what any party which renders great services
will always gain, a strong, powerful hold upon
the sympathy, the attachment, the confidence,
and the gratitude of the people of the United
States.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to inquire if the
gentleman from Now York intends to create
the impression that the Union party has done
all the work as a party, and to exclude the idea
that men of all parties have contributed to the
work in their humble way.
Mr. RAYMOND. By no means. I know
and have already said that men of all parties
contributed their aid, but I repeat that as an
organization the Democratic party did not sus-
tain or aid the Government in prosecuting the
war by which the rebellion was quelled.
Mr. NIBLACK. I concede that the Union
party appointed the generals, held the offices,
and controlled the political power of the coun-
try, but T insist that, in proportion to numbers,
the Democratic party did quite as much in fur-
nishing men and means to carry on the war.
It is untrue—I say it in no offensive sense-
that the Union party is entitled to all the
credit. It was the work of the people, although
they had to do the work under men of the Union
party, under the Administration that happened
to be in power as their representative for the
time being. V/o had no representatives in
power, and we had, therefore, to work under
the banner of that party. But I repudiate the
idea that the great portion of the people en-
gaged in the work had any connection what-
ever with the Union party. The appeal made
