1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
8249:
to the country was that in this matter there
was no party; that we must come forward as
a people and sustain the Government, and sus-
tain the Administration as a matter of course;
and that when the war was over we could
again resolve ourselves into our original ele-
ments, and go back to our party. I say, there-
fore, that all this talk about the Union party
being entitled to all the credit is unfair and illib-
eral, and in violation of the published speeches
and pledges made to the country during the
war by men of the Union or Republican party.
It is calculated to make an unfair impression
on the country, and if it goes into history, it
will be unfair and untrue in history. I regret
that the gentleman, in arguing this question,
should indulge in these partisan and illiberal
remarks, which, with all respect to him, I say
are unworthy of his position.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman seems to
be under the impression, or seeks to convey
the idea, that the suppression of the rebellion
was a voluntary work on the part of the people,
act ing as individuals, and in that sense he claims,
and perhaps justly, that members of the Dem-
ocratic party did quite as much as members of
the Union party.
Mi-. NIBLACK. I say that in proportion
to our numbers we did quite as much as the
Union party.
Mr. RAYMOND. I wish to state one re-
.spect in which they did not«do as much. I
acknowledge that the voluntary efforts of indi-
viduals entered largely into the suppression of
the rebellion.
Mr, NIBLACK. I claim that in the section
of country from whence I come the Democratic
party did more than any other party in that
respect. And that, is the case with many others
on this side of the House, it was held that it
was the work of the people, and neither the
Democratic party nor any other party should
claim the entire credit for it now.
Mr. RAYMOND. If the gentleman is done,
I hope he will not again interrupt me when I
begin to reply to his remarks.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; I did not intend to interrupt him in an
improper manner.
Mr. RAYMOND. I say again that I wish
to point out one respect in which the Demo-
cratic party, as an organization, did not do as
much as the Union party did toward suppress-
ing the rebellion. 1" concede that to a great
extent the efforts of individuals, in contribu-
tions of money, in volunteering for the Army,
and other things of that sort, contributed very
largely indeed to the suppression of the rebel-
lion. I am not prepared and I am ccrtainly
not disposed to deny that members of the Dem-
ocratic party in that way did their full share.
But this was a public war ; it was a war waged
by the Government against a rebellion seeking
its overthrow. Of course the war was carried
on by the Government, and it could have been
carried on in no other way. That Government
organized war upon the rebellion, raised the
money by which that war was carried on, and
thus incurred a debt of three or lour thousand
million dollars. It passed such laws as the
necessities of the case required. Without those
laws, without those measures, which gave vigor,
force, and effect to the operations of the Gov-
ernment, the rebellion would have been a suc-
cess ; and if the Government had not been sup-
ported by votes, by public confidence, and by
acts of Congress in carrying on that war, the
rebellion would have triumphed, and the Gov-
ernment would have been overthrown.
Now, I say that instead of supporting the
Government in carrying on that war the Dem-
ocratic party, as an organization, opposed and
resisted it from first to last. That statement I
believe to be literally correct,. Its votes in this
House were hostile to the Government. It did
not vote for men; it did not vote for money;
it did not sustain the Administration by its con-
fidence or its aid: itopposed its measures, and
sought to vindicate its action by denouncing
the war as unjust, or by claiming that if just it,
could not succeed in what it had undertaken to
39th Coxa. 1st Res*.—No. 204.
do, namely, to restore the Union; and the last
act of the Democratic party, as it was dragging
itself slowly and painfully to its grave, was to
declare in a national convention that so far as
restoring the Union was concerned the war
was a failure.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymond] allow me to say a
few words in response to the sentiment he has
just uttered?
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not troubled the
House much during this session on account of
sickness, which has confined me to my room.
But when the gentleman who comes here this
session, and after the war is over, while I have
served here from the time of the commence-
ment of the war to this hour, when he under-
takes to assort here that there was a Demo-
cratic party on the floor of this House which
steadily opposed the war during that time, 1
tell him to examine the record and he will
find his statement to be false. When Congress
met here on the >lth day of July, 18G1, under
the call of Mr. Lincoln, that gentleman ought
to know that his own party cry was, "A truce
to all parties." He ought to know that the
Democrats met here and made no nomination
for any officc of this House whatever. Not
till last December did they attempt to indicate
a party nomination. He ought to know, fur-
ther, that while the Government, or the Ad-
ministration if he will, was carrying on the war
in the field, it also earned on a war against, the
people. It knew no man for any office within
its gift unless he voted for Mr. Lincoln and
Mr. Hamlin in 18(!0. Go through your whole
list of offices. Look at your foreign ministers ;
lookatthemen in t ho oliiees around hero; look at
the oilices created by the very necessities of the
war; look at (be postollices; look at the posi-
tions in t he field. Where is the Democrat, who
was appointed to a single office, even a cross-
roads post office? Yet the gentleman from
Now York admits that, in furnishing material
for the field, in furnishing money and men, the
Democrats did their duty and their whole duty.
I ask him, in God's name, what was it that
crushed the rebellion, if it was not men and
money? We are talking now about crushing
the rebellion.
Yet the gentleman says now that the Demo-
cratic party, in its dying agonies, declared that
the war had failed to restore the Union. I ask
him whether he says that the war has restored
the Union to-day. Where is your restored
Union? It is in the hands of your committee
of reconstruction. Does the gentleman accept
the word "reconstruction" for his platform?
Does he not understand the difference between
"reconstruction" and "restoration?" Had the
war restored the Union on the 2!)th day of Au-
gust, 1801, when the Chicago convention sat,?
Has it restored it now? it has crushed the
rebellion. The Army in the field has done its
duty. The Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and every subordinate under him have done
their duty. They crushed the rebellion a year
ago. But is there not a political party here
in Congress to-day that refuses to restore the
Union, a party that seeks not its restoration?
The gentleman from New York plays between
the two. He is opposed to reconstruction and
does not stand by restoration.
Now, sir, I say that it comes with an ill grace
from the gentleman, who knows so well what
the history of this country has been duiing the
war, to make this general and sweeping charge.
I know it has been repeated from time to time.
I will tell the gentleman where the line was
drawn. As to all the party measures brought
up in this House, the Democrats voted against
them as they had a right to vole, even if they
were not particularly conscientious about the
matter, if they were party measures and noth-
ing more. Upon those we divided. But look
at your appropriation bills? Who were the
men that voted against them? Who were the
men that called the yeas and nays? Even Mr.
Vallandighain never voted against the appro-
priation of a single man or a single dollar.
[Cries of "Oh! " "Oh!"] Gentlemen may
say "Oh!" "Oh!" but Mr. Vallandigham
and I sat near to each other, and I know that
he did not vote either way. [Laughter.] £
challenge gentlemen to the record. They are
able to read; let them read it for themselves.
What I say is that there was no Democratic
organization here in this House. Gentlemen
ought to know that.
Sir. RAYMOND. I am a little surprised to
hear the gentleman say that there was no Dem-
ocratic organization through the war. Did I
understand him to say that there was no Dem-
ocratic organization, no attempts of the Demo-
cratic party to maintain an organization during
the war?
Mr. JOHNSON. There was no Democratic
organization in this House. I was speaking of
this House.
Mr. RAYMOND. I was not in this House
at that time; and as the gentleman was he
ought to know its history better than myself.
But if the votes of members as they stand oil
the record, with which record 1 was at the time
somewhat familiar, indicated anything they
indicated a purpose to maintain that organiza-
tion, and to vote against the Government at
every point where they could do so without
being held to a rigid and troublesome respon-
sibility by the country. I certainly did not
know that that party disbanded as a party.
I was under the impression that, in the dif-
ferent congressional districts, it ran candidates
against the Administration paity; that in the
different States it ran candidates for Governor
against the Administration party. 1 know that
this was so in my own State; and I know the
grounds which that parly took in that State.
It took ground against the Administration,
against, the conduct of the war, and against the
principles of the war, on which the war was
waged. I know that the Democratic Governor
in our State proclaimed that the real enemy of
the liberties of the country was the Adminis-
tration which was carrj'ing on the war ; that its
overthrow was even more important than the
defeat of the rebels in the field; that ccrtainly
led me to believe then, as I believe now, that
the Democratic party maintained its organiza-
tion throughout the country all through the
war, and that, as a party, while many individ-
ual members of it acted otherwise, it resisted
the Administration, opposed its measures, de-
nounced its policy, and threw the whole weight
of its action and influence against the efforts it
was making to quell the rebellion.
i think the country regards this as having
been the altitude of that party through the war,
though I am glad to know the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is not now by any means the only
member of that party who would disavow and
escape the responsibility of its action. The
gentleman asks me if the Union was restored
when the Chicago convention met. Certainly
not; but that convention pronounced against
the only means by which its restoration was
possible—the quelling of the rebellion by force.
It demanded a cessation of hostilities and the
abandonment of the war. Suppose the Dem-
ocratic party had succeeded in that demand,
would the restoration of the Union have been
as near as it is now? The gentleman asks mo
if the Union is restored to-day. I am sorry to
say it is not; but it is certainly nearer a just
and safe restoration than it would have been if
the Democratic party had succeedcd in the last
election. It is in the hands of those who will
restore it, as I trust and believe, on_ just prin-
ciples and on the basis of the Constitution. I
beg gentlemen not to misunderstand me. I do
not denounce the mass, the individual members
of the Democratic party as disloyal or as hav-
ing opposed the war. While I render full trib-
ute to the mass of that party and acknowledge
the aid they gave the war, I must still insist
that the action of the party as an organization
was not in support of the Government or in aid-
ing the prosecution of the war. it complained
then, as the gentleman complains now, that it
did not got its share of patronage ami of office.
Yet it had two members of the Cabinet; it
