18.66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4209
of any of us on this floor would be determined
by a much less vote than that. No question is
so weighty in this nation, no question is so un-
important in this nation, but what it must be
settled by a majority of even one. Why, then,
tell me upon a great question "You must have
a certain majority?" How great? It must be
in proportion to the importance of the question!
Mr. HENDRICKS. I intimated no such
thing. The argument I made shall stand ex-
actly as T made it. I said that in the vote
that was cast it is not pretended there was more
than one hundred of a majority; and that when
there is so small a majority and there is the
averment that there was fraud, it is proper to
inquire into it. If there were majorities of
thousands, or hundreds even, and the fraud was
but trifling, as charged, then it would not be
important to inquire into it; but where fraud is
charged and the majority upon the adoption
of the constitution is small, it ought to be inves-
tigated.
Mr. WADE. How plain a tale can put all
this down. First of all, is there anybody from
this State protesting against Its adoption? Is
there a single petition or protest against it?
Is there any man certifying in an authentic form
that there is anything wrong about the elec-
tion? The representative of that people in
the other House is anxious that the Territory
shall be admitted as a State, and he speaks by
authority for that people as their representa-
tive as the Senator speaks for the people of
Indiana. We have the official certificates of
the proper officers ; and against all this a Sen-
ator rises and tells us that there are rumors and
statements in newspapers that there is something
unfair. I will not argue such a question before
the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask the
honorable Senator from Ohio one question,
because I am entirely without information as
to the facts: whether this election took place
under the enabling act or whether it was a subse-
quent election after the enabling act had ex-
pired. I wish to know the fact.
ilr. WADE. The enabling act was passed
in 1S04 enabling the people of the Territory of
Nebraska to assemble themselves together to
form a State government; but there was 110
time fixed that I remember. Then their Legis-
lature met and passed an act upon that sub-
ject, undoubtedly under the authority of the
enabling act of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have you the act of the
Territorial Legislature?
'Mr. WADE. I have not got it here. It is
in my committee-room. I remember that the
enabling act was passed in 18G4, about the
same time that the Colorado act was passed.
The people of Colorado met and voted against
a State organization the first time: but the
next time they met they voted in favor of it;
and it was argued here that because of the first
vote the enabling act was functus officio-, but
the reply was conclusive, as I thought,, that
by passing an enabling act authorizing the
people of a Territory to form a State govern-
ment we commit ourselves to receive them
whenever they do accept the invitation and
form a State government. Whenever they ac-
cept the conditions of the enabling act and
present themselves for admission I see no rea-
son why they should be excluded; and they
may do it as well at one time as at another.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow mft, as I have now before me
the enabling act of Nebraska, I will read the
third section of it. That section of the act of
Congress provides:
''That all persons qualified by law to vote for rep-
resentatives to theGonoral Assembly of said Territory
shall bo qualified to bo elected; and they are hereby
authorized to vote for and choose representatives
to form a convention, under such rules and regula-
tions as tb 0 Governor of said Territory may prescribe,
and also to vote upon the acceptance or rejection
of sucil constitution as may be formed by said con-
vention, under such rules and regulations as said
convention may prescribe."
What I desired to know was whether they
did choose a convention, whether that conven-
39th Con«. 1st Sess.—No. 264,
tion submitted a constitution, and'whether that
constitution was voted upon by the' people in
pursuance of this act, or whethej; the Legisla-
tive Assembly of their own accord nndel'took
to submit a constitution'to the people. I wish
to know the fact, for I confess I am ignorant
as to it.
Mr. WADE. The enabling act authorized
them to meet at such time as the Governor
should prescribe, and form a -constitution. I
have a certificate of the Governor in these
words:
Executive Ofmce, Omaha, my 3,18GG,
T hereby certify that at an election hold in pur-
suance of an act passed by the, Legislature of Ne-
braska, approved 1'cbruary 9,1866, autheriziBg the
peoplo to vote for or against tlio adoption of a 8tato
constitution for the State of Nebraska, the vote for
the constitution was 3,938, and the vote against the
constitution was 3,833, being a majority of 100 votes
in favor of the constitution.
Given under my hand and seal the 3d day of July,
r 1866. ALVIN SANDERS,
• Governor of Nebraska.
And this is countersigned by the secretary
of the Territory.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems from that cer-
tificate that the election was not held under
the enabling act. The enabling act provided
for the choosing of a convention under such
rules as the Governor should prescribe. It did
not provide that the Legislative Assembly of
Nebraska should submit a constitution to the
people, but that a convention chosen under
the act of Congress should submit a constitu-
tion, and that election should determine the
question whether the people adopted the con-
stitution or not.
The difficulty in a case like this is that where
a constitution is formed in this irregular way,
without any authority of Congress, the election
hold is a mere voluntary affair altogether out-
side of the law; and if frauds are committed,
if false voting is perpetrated, or if perjury is
committed at the polls, no man can be punished
anywhere than if it was a mere political meet-
ing. It is like holding a caucus. It is more
formal, to be sure, when they undertake to
submit it under the authority of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory; but the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio will not contend that any man
could be convicted for perjury for swearing
falsely at such an election; no man could be
punished for filling the ballot-boxes improp-
erly. And why ? Because the Legislature of
the Territory, had no power to order any such
election until they were first authorized by
Congress fo do so, because in Congress under
the Constitution is the legislative power which
controls this matter. It is not in the Terri-
tory, because we have not delegated to the
Territory any such power as that. In this point
of view it is a material circumstance that the
majority was only one hundred. With such a
small majority at an election where there was
no law to prevent frauds being perpetrated,
how can we say and feel assured that the peo-
ple of the Territory of Nebraska have shown
that they want a State organization?
Mr. President, I was anxious to learn what
the fact was on that subject, whether they had
proceeded under the enabling act, or whether
they had proceeded under some voluntary act
of the Legislative Assembly, and it seems they
proceeded without the authority of the enabling
act, under the voluntary act of the Assembly.
I suggest to llie honorable Senator from In-
diana—his motion is to refer this bill back to
the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire—
that he make a different motion. In reference
to the admission of Territories as States into
the Union, I never have known in the history
of the Senate that such a question was ever
referred to any other committee than the Com-
mittee on Territories; and, therefore, I hope
the honorable Senator will change his motion.
I do not believe it should be taken from the
Committee on Territories to be sent to the
Committee on the Judiciary, because the Com-
i mitteo on Territories have always had the
consideration,
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is entirely satis-
factory to me, and I modify my iflotion in that
way. : I move to recommit the'bill to the Com-
mittee On Territories.
Mr. WADE. There certainly is a kind of
opposition inade to the admission of this State
that I did not contemplate, and as long as I
have been on this Committee on Territories I
neverliave known so many technicalities inter-
posed to such a measure. What are the tech-
nical difficulties in the way of these people
getting into the Union? Gentlemen have be-
come very critical and very nice, and they
scrutinize these proceedings very much as they
would an indictment if a man was indicted for
murder. They scrutinize it in the same way.
First we passed an enabling aet whereby we
left it in the discretion of the Governor of Ne-
braska to assemble the people there together,
and to form a constitution at his discretion.
They met. Now, what should he have done?
They say he should not have assembled the
Legislature at all; that was abad way of doing
the business. He brought the Legislature to-
gether. They prescribed the mode Of taldng
the sense of the people upon this subject; and
in their law they went on to provide the way
and manner in which the people should vote
upon the subject of the constitution. They
made a constitution, they submitted it to the
people, and the certificate shows that they voted
upon it: the vote is given; and now all that
can be said against it is that the vote was not
as large as gentlemen think it ought to be upon
an important subject,; and they insinuate that
this action was not under the enabling act.
Whnt'is the presumption? We enabled them
to go forward and make a constitution, author-
izing the Governor to perforin the business ad
libitum, for we did not restrict him as to time,
place, circumstance, or manner; we left all to
him. ITe went on and lie submitted the ques-
tion to a vote. A constitution was made; it
was submitted to the people by a vote; they
adopted it; and yet it is said they did not act
under the enabling act. The people had the
constitution before them; it was duly published;
everybody knew what it was; the election was
held upon its adoption, and the Govei'nor cer-
tifies to us the result of that election; and now
for the technicality. Do not gentlemen know
that States have been admitted into this Union
without any enabling act? Was there any when
Michigan came in? Have not gentlemen read
the elaborate and able opinion of the Attorney
General, Mr. Butler, upon that subject at the
time, in which ho came to the conclusion, and
the President and Congress sustained him
throughout, that an enabling act was not es-
sential, that we might take a constitution that
a people had made of their own will and in
their own way, and if they had made a consti-
tution that was satisfactory to them, Congress
could approve of it as well after it was made
as enable them to go forward and make it
beforehand? It makes no difference, not but
what this was made and designed to be made
in accordance with our enabling aet; but if it
were otherwise here is a plain, fair constitution
submitted to that people, the certificate of the
Governor as to the votes they gave, and noth-
ing except the ghost of a rumor to show that
it was not fairly done; and now what shall we
do? Shall we defeat the will of these people
who have sent ilic-ir Senators here to represetft
them by the assent and approval of the whole
community that voted for their constitution?
You hear no remonstrance, nothing from the
Territory of Nebraska, but you hear it from
Indiana. Indiana is afraid that the people of
Nebraska are going to suffer somehow.1 The
people of Nebraska are not apprehensive about
that. Here are her Senators, able men ; there
is a Representative in the other Hou6e already,
prompt, and eager to second the votes of the
majority that ratified this constitution; and yet
gentlemen from other States become the guara-
ians of these people and think they have made
some mistake there and ought not to have voted
for their constitution, or it was somehow not
submitted to them properly. They do not say so.
