2 m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
uments of majors of cavalry; and forty-eight assist-
ant quartermasters, -with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of captains of cavalry, and the vacancies hereby
created in the grade of assistant Quartermaster shall
be filled by selection from among the persons who
have rendered meritorious service as assistant quar-
termasters of yolunteers during two years of the war.
SEC. 14. And be it further enacted, That the number
of military storekeepers shall hereafter he many
as shall be required, not exceeding sixteen, with the
same compensation as is now provided by law.
Sec. 15. And be it'further enacted, That the pro-
visions of' the act for the better organization of the
quartermaster's department, approved July 4, 1864,
shall continue in force so far as they do not become
obsolete and unnecessary upon the disbandmcnt of
the volunteer forces.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the subsist-
ence department shall hereafter consist of'the officers
now authorized by law, namely, one commissary gen-
eral of subsistence, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; two assistant commis-
sary generals, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
colonels of cavalry; two assistant commissary gen-
erals, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieuten-
ant colonels of cavalry; eight commissaries of subsist-
ence, with the rank, pay. and emoluments of majors
of cavalry; and sixteen commissaries of subsistence,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of captains of
cavalry.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, Th.atoffi.cers of the
line, detailed to act as regimental quarteimastcrs or
commissaries, or as quartermasters or commissaries of
permanent posts, or of commands of not less than two
companies,shall,when the assignment is duly reported
to and approved by the War Department, receive, as
extra compensation while responsible for Government
property, tenvdollars per month.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted. That the medical
depaitmentof the Army shall hereafter consist of one
surgeon general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a brigadier general; one assistant surgeon general,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of
cavalry; seventy-five surgeons, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of majors of cavalry; one hundred
and fifty assistant surgoorfs, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of captains of cavalry after three years'
service, and with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
first lieutenants of cavalry for the first three years'
service; and five medical storekeepers, with the same
compensation as is now provided by law; and the
vacancies hereby created in the grades of surgeon
and assistant surgeon shall be filled by selection Irom
among tho persons who have served as staff and lcgi-
mental surgeons or assistant surgeons of volunteers
two years during tho war; and persons who have
served as assistant surgeons three years in the volun-
teer service shall be eligible for promotion to the
grade of captain.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That upon the
recommendation of the Surgeon General, the Secre-
tary of War may detail a surgeon as chief medical pur-
veyor, who, while performing such duty, shall be in
charge of tho principal purchasing  ,ud issuiug depot
of medical supplies, andshallhavotherank.pny, and
emolumentsof acoloncl of cavalry, and not to exceed
five medical officers as assistant medical purveyors,
who, while performing such duty in tho dilforcnt goo-
graphical divisions or departments, shall have tho
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutonant colonels of
cavalry.
Seo. 20. And he it further enacted, That the Surgeon
General bo, and he is hereby, empowered to detail
from time to time, subject to the approval of the Sec-
retary of War, not to exceed five officers of the grade
of surgeon for duty as medical inspectors, who, while
performing such duties, shall have the rank, pay, and
emoluments of colonels of cavalry, and who shall re-
ecivo their instructions from and make their reports
direct to the Surgeon General.
Sr.c. 21. And be it further enacted, That the pay de-
partment of Iho Army shall hereafter consist of one
paymaster general, with tho rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; two assistant paymas-
ter generals, with tho rank, pay, and emolument of
colonels of cavalry; two deputy paymaster generaR
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant
colonels of cavalry, and sixty paymasters, with the
rank, pay, ami emoluments of majors of cavalry; and
the vacancies hereby created in the grade of'maior
shall ho filled by selection from the persons who have i
served as additional paymasters two 3 cur.s during the
war.
Sec. 22. And, be it further enacted, That the corps of
engineers shall consist of one chiot engineer, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier general,
four coloncJ«, ten lieutenant colonels, twenty maiors,
thirty captains, and thirty first and ten second lieu-
tenants, who shall have U10 pay and emoluments now
provided by law for officers of the engineer corps.
Sep. 23. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed in the corps of engineers, by selection
from among: the officers of that corps, four inspectors
of fortifications and other engineer operations, who
shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels
01 engineers, but the number of officers of said corps
os heretofore established by law shall not be increased
thereby.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That tho five com-
panies 01 engineer soldiers, and the sergeant major,
and quartermaster heretofore prescribed bv law, shall
constitute a battalion of engineers, to be officered by
officers of suitable rank del ailed from the corps of en-
gineers, and the officers of engineers acting respect-
ively as adjutant and quartermaster of this battalion
shall be entitled to the pay and emoluments of adju-
tant'-! and quartermasters of cavalry.
. Sec. T\And be it further enacted, Thatin the organ-
ization of oach ol the companies of engineer soldiers
there shall bo made a redaction of twenty enlisted
men, to be apportioned equally among the two cHc?c«
of privates, but in time of war the President may at !
his discretion, restore tho present organization of
these companies.
Sec. 26. Andbe it further enacted, That the ordnance
department of tho Army shall consist of the same num-
ber of officers and enlisted men as is now authorized
by law, and the officers shallbe of the following grades,
namely,one brigadier general,three colonels, fivelieu-
tenant colonels, eight majors, twenty captains, fifteen
first lieutenants, nine second lieutenants, and thirteen
military storekeepers, all of whom shall have the same
'pay and emoluments as now provided by law.
Sec. 27. Andhe it further enacted, That there shall be
one chief signal officer of the Army, who shall have
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of cav-
alry % And the Secretary of War shallhave power to
detail from the Army, upon tho recommendation of
the chief signal officer, such number of officers, non-
commissioned officers, and privates asmay be deemed
neeessaryforthecfficicntperformance of signal duty :
Provided, That no officer or enlisted man shallbe de-
tailed to serve in the signal corps until he shall have
been examined and approved by a military board,
to be convened by tho Secretary of War for that pur-
pose; and officers, whilo so detailed, shall reccive the
pay and emoluments of cavalry officers of their re-
spective grades; and enlisted men, while so detailed,
shall receive the pay of engineer soldiers of similar
grade, and shall, when deemed necessary, be mounted
upon hoiscs provided by the Government.
Srcc. 28. And be it further enacted, That no officcr
of the regular Army below the rank of a field officer
shall hereafter be promoted to a higher grade before
having passed a satisfactory examination as to his
fitness for promotion, before a board of three officers
of his corps or arm of service, senior to him in rank;
and should the officer fail at said examination, he
shallbe suspended from promotion forone year, when
he shallbercexamined, anduponasecondtailureshall
bedropped fromtherollsoftheArmy; Provided, That
if any officer bo found unfit for promotion op account
of moral disqualifications, he shall not be entitled to
a reexamination.
Sec. 29. Andbv it further enacted', That tho Adjutant
General, Quarteimapter General, Commissary Gene-
ral of SubsistoncoJBurgcon General, Paymaster Gene-
ral, Chief of Engineers, and Chief of Ordnancc, shall
hereafter bo appointed by selection from the corps to
which they belong.
Sec. 30. And be, it further enacted, That no person
shall be appointed to any vacancy created by this act
in the pav. medical, or quartermaster's departments,
until he shall have passed the examination now re-
quired by law.
Sko. III. And he it further enacted, That no persons
shall he commissioned in any of the regiments author-
ized by this act until they shall have passed a satis-
factory examination before a board, to be convened
under direction of the Secretary of War, which shall
inquire into the services rendered during the war, ca-
pacity, and qualifications of the applicants; and &uch
appointments, when made, shall be without, regard to
previous rank, but with solo regard to qualifications
and meritorious services.
Si:c. J 2. And be it further cnae.ted, That persons ap-
plying for commissions in any of the regiments au-
thorized by this act shall not bo entitled to any com-
pensalion for expenses hicuircd in leporting to the
board for examination.
Skc. :>3. And be. itjurther enacted, That all laws and
parts ol laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. WILSON1. I culled up the hill for the
purpose of having it road and securing the atten-
tion of members to it. I do not propose to take
any further action upon it this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to one matter, in regard to
which an officer has spoken to me this morn-
ing. i wish to ascertain whether the construc-
tion put. by this oOicer upon the fourth .sec-
tion is correct. That section provides that the
colored troops shall be ollicered by othccrs of
colored regiments who have served two years
during the war. The construction put upon it
by the oiheer to whom I allude is that that re-
quires the service to have been in colored regi-
ments.
Mr. WILSON". It Joes not. The oiiglnal
bill might have been interpreted in that "way,
but it has been so amended as to avoid that
construction. It provides that those officers
shall have served tjvo years during the war—
not two years in the colored regiments, but two
years during the war in white or colored regi-
ments.
Mr. SHERMAN. But they must be officers
of eoloi*cd regiments at the time they are ap-
pointed ?
Mr. WILSON". It moans two years' service
in white or colored regiments. To require two
years' service in eolored regiments would shut
out many of the best officers now in those regi-
ments.
Mr. PIARItJS. Can officers be taken who
have never served in eolored regiments?
Mr. WILSOX. The appointments in these i
colored regiments are to be from officers who
have served in colored regiments. There are i
about two hundred of those regiments; we pro- I
pose to take officers in those regiments, but not
requiring the two years' service to have been
wholly there, and to have promotions in the
colored regiments as if they formed a separate
corps.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. As the Senator from
Massachusetts does not intend to go further with '
the bill to-day, although it is a little in advance
of the hour fixed for other business, I move that
it be postponed, and that the Senate take up the
joint resolution which was introduced by my
colleague, and which by his courtesy and the
courtesy of the Senate was postponed until to-
day at one o'clock for the purpose of allowing
mo to express my views upon it.
The motion was agreed to.
PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 11) in relation to the
organization of provisional governments within
the States whose people were lately in rebellion
against the United States, tho pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Howe to refer the
resolution to the joint committee of the two
Houses to inquire into the condition of the
States which formed the so-called confederate
States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that the resolu-
tion be read at the desk.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whereas the people of Virginia, of ^"orth Carolina,
of South Carolina, of Georgia, of Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, and Tennes-
see have heretofore declared their independence of
the Government of tho United States, have usurped
authority denied to^ every State by the supreme law
of the land, have abjured duties imposed upon every
State by the samo law, and have waged war against
the United States, whereby the political functions for-
merly granted to those people have been suspended;
and whereas such functions cannot yet be restored
to those people with safety to themselves or to the na-
tion; and whereas military tribunals are not suited
to the exorcise of civil authority: Therefore,
lif. it resolved by the Senate and Houie of Jleprcscnt-
atives in i'owjress assembled, That local governments
ought to be provisionally organized loithwith lor the
people in each of tho districts named in the preamble
hereto.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, how many
States constitute that great Republic which the
world calls the United States of America? The
President and those who think with him say
thirty-six. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. StmnerJ and my colleague say twenty-
live. Where are the eleven? Where is Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arkansas,
Tennessee, Florida, and Texas? These eleven
great States are larger, by thousands of square
miles, than England, France, Spain, Portugal,
and the Germanic Confederation, including Aus-
tria and Prussia, all put together, as the table I
hold in my hand shows ;
COMPARATIVE TABLE.
Area in square miles. Area, in square miles.
England  50,922 Virginia  01,352
Fiance 205,071 North Carolina  -t'i.oOO
Spain and Portu- South Carolina.. 28,000
gal   —19,491 Georgia  ,'iK.OOO
Germanic Contcd- Alabama  30,722
cia'iun, includ- Mississippi  -17.156
ing Au.-tria, and Louisiana -41.255
Prussia 214,414 Arkansas 52,1 i)S
  Tennessee   43,000
720.49S Florida,  59,268
= Texas 237,504
725,955
These eleven great States, with ten million
people, which produced, annually, four mil-
lion bales of cotton, and are capable of pro-
ducing double that number, where are they,
and what are they? That they once constituted
a part of the States of this Union is certain.
Do they now? That is tho question. Presi-
dent Lincoln, during his administration, and
President Johnson, and those \vho sustain their
policy, say they do. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] the honorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, l_Mr- Stevens,] who
oppose that policy, and, to my sincere regret,
my colleague, say they do not.
Before giving my views, I will notice what
is sometimes said, that this question, namely,
whether they are States in the Union under the
