imo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
fundamental condition similar in form fgd in
its substantial parts identical in language with
that which I have sent to the Chair. _ This,
proposition in what was known as the Missouri
debate showed itself first on the motion of Mr.
Eustis, afterward Governor of Massachusetts,
and was in the following form:
" Resolved bytlie Senateand Houseof Representatives
of ike United States of America in Congress assembled,
audit is hereby declared. That on tho — day of—-
next ensuing the State of Missouri shall be admitted
into the Union upon an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States, in all respects whatsoever: Provided,
That so much of the twenty-sixth section of the third
article of the constitution of said State, presented to
'Congress at the present session, as makes it the duty
of the present Legislature to pass such laws as shall
be necessary 'to prevent free negroes and mulattoes
from coining to and settling in this State, under any
pretext whatsoever,' shall, on or beforo that day,
have boon expunged therefrom."
That was the original form of the proposi-
tion, which underwent much discussion, and
was referred to two different committees, of
ono of which, at least, if not both, Mr. Clay was
chairman. At the end of their investigation
and of tho debates this resolution was adopted:
"Resolution providing for the admission of the State
of Missouri into tho TJuion, on a certain condi-
tion.
" Resolved, <fc<\, That Missouri shall be admitted
into this Union on an omml footing with the original
States, in all rcspoets whatever, upon the fundamen-
tal condition, that tho fourth clause of tho twenty-
sixth section of the third article of tho constitution
submitted on tho part of said State to Congress, shall
never bo construed to authorize the passage of any
law, and that no law shall be passed in oonformity
thereto, by which any citi^on of cither of the Statos
in this Union, shall be excluded from tho enjoyment
of any of tho privileges and immunities to which such
citizen is entitled under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States: Provided, ThattheLegislaturoof thesaid
State, by a solemn public act, shall deelarc tho assent
of tho said State to tiie said fundamental condition,
and shall transmit to tho President of the United
States, on or before tho fourth Monday in Navoinbcr
next, an authentic copy of thesaid act; upon receipt
whereof, tho President, by proclamation, shall an-
nounce tho fact; whereupon, and without any fur-
ther proceeding on tho part of Congress, the admis-
sion of thtisaid State into this Union shall bo con-
sidered as complete,"
It will be observed that by this resolution
this fundamental condition was submitted to
the Legislature of the State of Missouri. That
was practicable at that time because Missouri
had already gone so far in her organization
that she had a State Legislature. Now, I un-
derstand that in point of fact Colorado is not
so far advanced; there is no State Legislature
at this moment which can undertake to act on
any fundamental condition, should one be sub-
mitted by Congress. Therefore 1 have thought
it advisable to require the fundamental condi-
tion to lie submitted by the territorial Governor
to a popular vote; and when that popular vote
shall be properly authenticated to the President
of the United Statos, he will be authorized by
proclamation to declare Colorado a State ot'
the Union.
Possibly a question may arise as to the effect
of such a fundamental condition. I do not think
there is any question on that point. I do not
doubt that such a fundamental condition, es-
pecially it' sanctioned by the popular vote ac-
cording to the terms of the proviso which I
have offered, will be absolutely obligatory on
the State. I believe that you may apply to it
the language which you will find in Mr. Web-
ster's great speech in this Chamber in reply to
Mr. Ilayne, where, speaking of the Northwest
Ordinance, lie used this very striking, and, to
my mind, exquisitely beautiful language:
"It hi id I he interdict against personal servitude in
original compact, not only deeped than all local law,
but deeper than all local constitutions/'
Now, sir, I call upon the Senate at this time
to do for this distant State what" Mr. Webster
in this beautiful language said was done by our
fathers with regard to the Northwest Territory,
to lay an interdict against all inequality of
rights in original compact, not only deeper than
all local law, but deeper than all local constitu-
tions. Let that be done, and one of the objec-
tions to the admission of Colorado will be
removed.
Mr. STEWART. Tho last objection of the
Senator certainly waives the first, because taking
that vote would not, that I can see, remove the
objection of the want of population. If his
last .objection is good, his first cannot be.
Now, as to the first objection, the want of
population, it is undoubtedly a serious one. It
appears to b<^a great hardship to a large State
that a few people in a distant Territory should
be entitled in the Senate to an equal voice with
the great State of New York. I feel, myself,
the injustice of the system as regards the State
I represent; although at the time o£her admis-
sion-she east a vote of some seventeen thou-
sand, we were pretty nearly on a par in" that
respect with several other States. In regard
to Colorado, however, there are some peculiar
circumstances which the Senate may not under-
stand. She was remarkably prosperous at the
time war broke out. She furnished about four
thousand soldiers for the war, a verylarge pro-
portion for her then population. During the
progress of the war Indian difficulties broke
out in the country between her borders and the
organized States on this side and raged most
of the time, and communication was cut off
which retarded her progress. She also had
local difficulties; her agricultural progress was
injured very much by grasshoppers for two suc-
cessive years. The Indian troubles kept the
Territory back very much. Then the people
there were troubled about another matter which
this bill if passed will relieve them of. They
had a local government that was entirely in-
adequate to their condition. It is impossible
for a mining State to grow up with a local gov-
ernment organized in Washington and sent
there. It feels no responsibility to the people.
The interests intrusted to the judges are im-
mense—great cases as large as in the older
Statos. It is in an entirely different situation
from what it would be if it were merely an agri-
cultural country. They want to put their Best
men in office and hold them directly responsi-
ble. They can certainly got along much better
and will improve much more rapidly in that
way. They claim to be able to support them-
selves. They will relieve tho Government of
the burden of supporting them for a year or two,
because it is only a question of a year or two,
and in the mean time they can certainly take
better care of their own interests. Local legis-
lation is very necessary in communities situated
as they are. An imperfect knowledge of tho
situation prevails here in Washington,-and the
persons who are sent there are often incompe-
tent, and not being directly responsible to the
people, the interests of the Territory suffer.
rl liesc are the circumstances that induced
the people of Colorado to take this action, as I
understand. There must always be some in-
justice when a new State comes in on a footing
of equality. That is evident. There has been
no new State which when it came into the
Union had an equal population with Now York.
It will be but a few years before Colorado will
grow to rival some of the eastern Statos. It is
peculiarly situated for growth. The Pacific
railroad is tending in that direction. It has
largo agricultural resouryy, larger than almost
any other mining State: It has large mining
resources. The Indian troubles are now so far
over that population is going in that direction.
Everything is tending to develop the country.
It will be but a year or two before the inequal-
ity which must exist when any new State first
comes in will be done away'with by actual
growth. It is, then, only a question of a very
short time, and they will certainly advance
more rapidly if admitted now than if you post-
pone their admission.
They have organized the State government
on the invitation of Congress. Now you say
they have not complied with your enabling act.
True, they have not technically complied, but
by your enabling act you invited them to act;
you led the people to believe theywould be
admitted. They canvassed the matter twice.
They rejected the proposition first, and then
they came to the conclusion that they had been
mistaken in their judgment, and they reconsid-
ered it. The fact that they have not complied
technically with the enabling act does notaifect
the general question. You invited them to
come here; you caused them to take all this
action ; they have been to a great deal of trouble,
and expense in considering the matter, and the
whole community now appear to be well satis-
fied. It would certainly be discouraging to
those people to refuse them admission after they
have organized under this invitation, and have.
complied with your enabling act in all respects
except as to the manner of forming their con-.
vention.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to make a
suggestion. The Senator from Nevada and
myself have been citizens of the same State.
He will remember well that it was under the
direction of President Taylor, without an en-
abling act, that California was organized and
admitted into the Union.
Mr. STEWART. There are plenty of pre-
cedents. There is no trouble on that point.
There have been several States admitted with-
out any enabling act. There is only a techni-
cal difficulty in the way. . If that technical dif-
ficulty had not occurred, if they had come here
in the manner prescribed by the enabling act,
they would not require an act of Congress now ;
but the President would be authorized to issao
his proclamation declaring the State in the
Union. The spirit of your action has been
complied with, and now there ought to be some
good reason before yeu change your policy.
But the Senator from Massachusetts proposes
to admit them if new conditions be imposed,
and he cites the case of Missouri as authority
for this action. I deny that thr t is authority
for action like this. It is no authority unless
the Senator is correct in his position that that
clause of the Constitution of the United States
which provides that the United States shall
guaranty to each State a republican form of
government prevents a State from inserting in
its constitution a clause like that of which the
Senator complains in this case ; that is, that it
takes away from the States the power to regu-
late the question of suffrage. If he is correct
in that, he is perfectly logical. If he is incor-
rect in that, as I believe nearly all the Senate
have expressed their opinion that he is, then it
is no precedent. Missouri was sent back upon
the express ground that the provision in her
constitution requiring the Legislature to pass
an act excluding negroes and mulattoes from
coming into the State was in conflict with the
Constitution of the United States, and there-
fore void; and Mr. Clay held that the United
States had a right to require a State to repu-
diate its attempt to violate the Constitution of
the United States. That was the first decision,
and a veryimportant decision, to the effect that
negroes and mulattoes were citizens. The Dred
Scott case overruled that decision, but I think
there was more weight in that decision of Con-
gress at that time than in the Dred Scott de-
cision. I believe it was the correct opinion.
I believe that the clause of the Constitution
which declares that the citizens of each State
shall have the privileges and immunities of
citizens of the several States, applies to all
native-born citizens. It was held by Congress,
after deliberate consideration, in 1821, that that
clause in the Constitution was violated by any
State refusing to allow negroes and mulattoes
to come within its borders. They said:
"It being a violation of the Constitution, the Le-
gislature must resolve that it will not pass a law in
open violation of the Constitution of the United
States, or we will not admit her into the Union."
It was a very important decision. It decided
that negroes and mulattoes were citizens. It
decided, furthermore, that the Congress of the
United States could require a State, upon its
admission, to abandon a proposition to violate
the Constitution of the united States. But
what is this case? Here is a proposition to
send tho State constitution back, pointing out
to the people what provisions they shall put
in it, and that, too, in a matter where it is not
in conflict with the Constitution of the United
States. I shall not go into that discussion at
length; but*at the formation of the Constitu-
tion many of the States were slave States.
Nineteen of the free States now exclude blacks
