1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
alleged, it ought, certainly to be inquired into
by the Committee on Territories.
Mr. HOWARD. I was speaking of the effect
of the territorial statute under which the con-
stitution of Nebraska was submitted for ratifi-
cation by the people, and was endeavoring to
show that the crime of perjury committed un-
der that act would in all enlightened courts be
held to be a legal crime, and was cognizable
and punishable by the courts of the Territory.
That was the point at which I was aiming when
I was interrupted by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. Ho now tells us that frauds were actually
committed at that election. Whether thatbe the
case or not, it is not possible for me to say; I
have received no information on the subject
except such as is presented to-day by the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Wisconsin; but I have this
to say in that respect: if there were any illegal
votes east at that election, whether by soldiers
or other persons, undoubtedly the territorial
statute made some provision by which that
mischief might have been, or ought to have
been, remedied. There must have been con-
stituted in some way a tribunal by which- the
election returns were to be certified according
to law. There must have been within the Ter-
ritory somewhere a board of election required
by the territorial statute to pass upon the ques-
tion of the legality or illegality of any votes
that were thrown at that election. Can the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin say that
this question was never raised before that elec-
tion board? That board, and that alone, was
authorized to pass upon this question; and if
such a fraud were committed as that which he
has represented to have been committed, and
for which he seems willing to vouch, I ask him,
why was not the question raised before the
election board and a proper decision made
according to the laws of the Territory and by
judicial agents authorized to entertain and de-
cide the question? We have a right to pre-
sume, in the absence of all proof to the con-
trary, that every such question has been passed
on, settled, and decided finally by the board
of election to whom the returns were made;
and it seems to me entirely too late in the day
for Congress to enter into a question of that
kind which ought to have been decided, and
was decided if it was of sufficient importance
to come before the board of election, by that
board.
Now, Mr. President, for aught that appears
before us the election was fair, honest, and
correct. On the one hand there were some
4,000 or 3,900 voters whose votes were thrown
in favor of the constitution which was submit-
ted to them, and a number less by about 100
were thrown against the constitution. There
is a clear, undisputed majority out, of about
8,000 voters in that Territory in favor of the
ratification of the constitution and in favor of
the admission of the Territory as a State of
the Union. I have seen no case freer from
legal doubt than this appears to be; and so far
as I have seen, so far as I know, so far as the
records and papers before us now tend to show,
I know of no case that is freer from fraud and
false voting than this seems to have been.
There is, undoubtedly, a departure from the
rule prescribed by the enabling act of 18G4.
The people of the Territory for some reason
or other did not adopt a constitution as con-
templated by that act. So far as that statute
is concerned, it may be entirely disregarded—
disregarded for all other purposes except this:
that in the opinion of Congress, in ISO-! the
time had come to give to the people of that
Territory the privilege and faculty of forming
a State government and of coming into the
Union. This pledge wo voluntarily gave them
two years ago. They have substantially and
faithfully responded to the invitation of Con-
gress to form a State constitution, and I hope
that wo shall admit them. I hope that the con-
dition of vassalage, that inconvenient territo-
rial condition, of which every man who has re-
sided in a,Territory any length of time will have
seen great reason to complain, will now be re-
moved, and that this intelligent, this enterpris-
ing community of pioneers will be relieved from
these inconveniences and admitted to a full and
complete fellowship as one of the sister States of
the union. I dislike territorial governments;
it is the most degrading, it is the most incon-
venient, and it is the most corrupting and em-
barrassing of all governments upon the face of
the earth.
Mr. WADE. I rise to correct some state-
ments that have been made here, and the facts
in regard to them show how improper it is in
a court of justice or a legislative body to pro-
ceed upon mere rumor. Here is the secretary
of the Territory right behind me; here are
gentlemen who participated in the convention,
and I am informed by them that no constitu-
tion was ever framed or submitted to the peo-
ple until this one was.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that subject, per-
haps, I ought to correct the statement that I
made. I understood that in 1804 the people
voted against the constitution. That is not so
technically; but when the question of electing
a convention was submitted to the people they
elected delegates to the convention who when
the convention assembled adjourned without
framing a constitution, because the majority of
them were against a State constitution. That
is the precise fact.
Mr. WADE. That clearssomeof the brush
away. I understand further that Mr. Gibbs,
who has been qwotedhere, is a Utah man, who
has not resided in the Territory of Nebraska
for four years. Rumors thus derived are to be
palmed off against the authentic doings of that
people in a vain endeavor to defeat their de-
liberate action in framing a constitutional gov-
ernment. The idea is ridiculous and absurd.
I never knew such a course resorted to before.
What, sir, bring in here the chit-chat of men
outside, who are perhaps interested in contin-
uing in place public officers whose terms are
about to expire if the will of that people be
carried out, to gainsay the authentic doings of
that people! If there was anything wrong in
their proceedings, if there was any fraud in the
voting, why was not the matter brought before
the proper authorities there? They had their
rules and regulations by which to test the
question of fraud if any allegation of fraud
was made. But the people there did not take
it up; it is left to Mr. Oibbs, from Utah, to
insinuate frauds in the election.
Mr. POMEROY. He says that these sol-
diers voted for Stone and then voted on this
constitution. Stone's vote was last October,
and this was in June. How they could have
voted for Stone and upon this constitution at
the same time, I do not see.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is as plain as the
nose on a man's face. The laws of Iowa au-
thorized their soldiers to vote: and the sol-
diers of Iowa, being in Nebraska, voted for
Governor Stone, of Iowa, and when this ques-
tion came up they voted on this constitution,
and then, being mustered out, went right home
to Iowa.' These facts, Mr. Oibbs states, are
sworn to by the captains of the companies.
Mr. POMEROY. Where are their affidavits?
Mr. HENDRICKS. We want an oppor-
tunity to present them; that is the object of
ttiG inference.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I should like very much
to know from the Senatorfrom Wisconsin what
Iowa troops those were. I feel very sure that
Iowa had not a soldier in Nebraska last June
when this vote was taken.
Mr. WADE. I suppose Mr. Gibbs, of Utah,
knew more about it than you did. [Laughter.]
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do not think there
was an Iowa regiment or com pan;/ there ; and
I should like to know what companies are
alluded to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I cannot tell the name
or number of the company or regiment: but I
say that upon this statement of facts the ques-
tion should be examined by the Committee on
Territories. If the Senate appointed a com-
mittee to examine into the subject witnesses
could be examined and the whole particulars
given.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do not believe there
was an Iowa regiment or company in Nebraska
last June.
Mr. POMEROY. The seventh regiment of
Iowa volunteers were out there last fall, bat
they were all mustered out over six months
ago. _ That was the only Iowa regiment that
was in Nebraska.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, Does the Senator from
Kansas know when they were mustered out,
precisely? Does he know where they were .in
Nebraska when they were mustered out—in
what part of Nebraska? •
Mr. POMEROY. My colleague, [Mr. Ross,;]
who is very familiar with the facts,-says they
were mustered out over six months- ago.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Long before this elec-
tion.
Mr. WADE. The Governor of the State of
Iowa ought to know something about the troops
of that State; and I think his statement here
is as authentic as that of Mr. Gibbs, of Utah,
or anybody else. But where is the evidence
that a soldier from Iowa or anywhere else voted
at the polls? There is no such proof. Do the
people of Nebraska complain that they wef6
defrauded? Not a man of them. Why do they
not contest it? Why do they leave gentlemen
from Wisconsin and from Indiana to interfere
in that of which they do not complain? Why
did they send here certificates that the election
was fair, when gentlemen here got Mr. Gibbs,
from Utah, to say there was some fraud mixed
up in it? The thing is so ridiculous that I d,o
not feel warranted in arguing upon such stuff.
Talk not to me about Gibhs and other men
having said this, that, and the other. I know
where they get it from ; the expiring voices of
those gentlemen who, if we do our duty and
give effect to the will of that people, will lose
their hold upon public office. Things froift
such sources are brought in and retailed here
as authentic statements that need answering
and want investigation before committees.
What would you investigate? The people
of Nebraska have made no complaint. If
you refer it to our committee we shall have
nothing to act upon, unless we take up what
the Senator from Indiana says somebody told
him, or he saw in a newspaper, or what Mr.
Gibbs talked about. Now, every gentleman
here knows, the authentic papers show, that
this was a fair election. Here is a good con-
stitution, republican in form, in the usual form,
submitted to the people fairly, and by them
deliberately ratified. The result is certified
to us by the Governor; the representatives of
that people say it is all fair and right. Nobody
complains except the Senator from Indiana
and the Senator from Wisconsin. I hope we
shall take the vote and admit the State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Since I was on the
floor before, 1 have learned more of the par-
ticulars of this matter from Captain Lowry,
of the first Nebraska regiment. Companies I
and F, of the first Nebraska regiment, were
raised in Iowa, soldiers of Iowa, and were sta-
tioned at Fort Kearney, and on a commission
from the State of Iowa, voted for Governor
Stone at Fort Kearney last year. And these
same soldiers of Iowa voted on this question
of the adoption of the State constitution in
Nebraska, and they were not mustered out of
the service and paid until the 1st of July this
year. These are the facts for which Captain
Lowry, a captain of the regiment, vouches;
and there is no doubt about the truth of them;
and I hold myself responsible for the truth of
them. And on these facts I insist that this
Committee on Territories, or some other com-
mittee of this body, shall investigate the facts
as to the validity of this election by which it
is pretended that this constitution has been
adopted by the people of Nebraska.
Mr. President, this whole election has been,
but a voluntary election ; it was not under any
legal authority at all. I know there is the form
of a law passed by the Legislative Assembly
of Nebraska: but tkt Legislative Assemoly of
Nebraska had no more power to authorize the
formation of a constitution to be submitted to
