THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marck 12,
for me to move to reconsider the vote ordering
the main question? , , ■
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
■ order.
' Jtfr. WENTWORTH. ' Then I submit that
motion. I think this resolution should be dis-
cussed. '
Mr. STEVENS. ' I move to lay the whole
subject on the table; it-is Sank repudiation,
and nothing else.
Mr.l5LDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
Is it in order, to move to reconsider .the vote
ordering the main question to be put, after the
"yeas and nays have been ordered}
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is in order. The order of the House upon the
previous question can be reconsidered at any
time before the House actually commences to
ayi-ipntf* thf* avnfm*.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw ray motion
to lay on the table.
The question recurred upon reconsidering
the vote seconding the previous question.'
The question was taken upon the motion to
reconsider; and upon a division there were—
ayes 60, noes SO.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table ; and upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. *
The question was taken ; and il was decidcd
in the negative—yeas 42, uays 90, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Jiunos M. Ashley, Bidweil, Binghnjn. Broom nil,
Bundy, Darling, 1 >eming, Uixou, Eliot, (Jrinncll, Hon-
derson, Uigby, Holmes, Hooper, Demas Hubbard,
James Humphrey, .Tonckes, Kolloy, Kelso, Laflin,
Loan, Marvin, MeOlurK, Miller, Moorhead, Newell,
Paine. Perh&m, 3'rico, Sawyer, Selumok, Starr, Ste-
vens, Tluiyev, Krnneis Thomas,William P>. Washburn,
Wentworth, Williams, and Woodbrid^o—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, A ncomi, Baker .Bald-
win, Ranks, Beamni), lier^eit, j>lame,Boutwoil,lloyer,
Broimvell, liuekla.mi, Obanler, Cobb, Cofi'roth, Conk-
liusr, (look, Ctilloni, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dei'reos,
Denison, Donnelly, Duniottl, fihlridr,re, Karnsworth,
I'erry, Garfield, Ulossbreniior.Cioodj ear, Aaron Ilnrd-
iuf?, AbuerC.Harding, Hairis, Hayes, Hill, Asahol \V.
Hubbard, Chesler 1). llubbard, John II. lhibhard,
Kdwin M. litibboll, Hulburd, lngersoll,.Julian, Kerr,
Koteluuii, Kuykotidall, Latham, William Lawrence,
Le Blond 1 .muryenr, L,vne,h, Marshall,MoRuer, Mer-
eur, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Niblaek, Noell, Orth,
Phelps .Plants, Radlord, Samuel ,T. Randall, Alex-
ander II. 1 ii!M\ Rogers, Ross, 'Rousseau, Keotield, Sbel-
labnraor, Sloan, S|>aldinur, Hiilwell, Tuber, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Acntiiui, Hull Vao linni, Robert T. Van llom, War-
nei, Kliliu 1>. Waslibuiue, Welker. Whalev, James 1<\
Wilson, Windom, mid \\"ljifield— 911.
NUT VoTINU—Messrs. Darker, llaxter,lieniamin,
J31o\v, RramleKee, Brooks, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cul\er, Delano, i>rIMc-1-:1,/y, Iv-:^lcs(on,
Faranlnir, Finek, (iridcr, (Iriswold, Hale, Hart. Ho-
san, Holeblciss, Jamt s R. Hublmll, .James M. Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Kusson, George V. Lawrence.,
Marston.Me.Oullousfh.Melndoe.MeKee, Myers, Nich-
olson, O'Neill, Patterson, Pike, Pouieroy, William
H, Randall, Ravmond, John Jl, Rioe, Rifctor, Rol-
lins, Sliiinklin, HitKreavcK, Smith, Strouso,, Taylor,
Ward, Henry t). Washburn, Stephen J<\ Wilson, and
Wnithl—M.
So th(! motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question again recurred upon seconding
the demand for the previous quchiion.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask tlicgenl leman from
Ohio [.Mr. Sp.u.uinh] to modify his resolution
so as to make it simply a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. CO.VKI.INO. 1 would again ask the
gentleman from Ohio to modify his resolution
so as to make it apply only to future issues of
(Joverniwnt si-curities.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object, to any modi-
fication.
Mr. SPALDING. If I have the liberty of
doing so, 1 will modify the resolution by strik-
ing out''certificates of indebtedness."
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the vote ordering the main question having
been reconsidered, and the question now being
upon st-conding the demand for the previous
question, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] has the same right to modify his resolu-
tion that he would have if he had but just sub-
mitted the motion for the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. I desire to call the attention of the Speaker
to this fact: a vote by yeas and nays upon this
resolution has just been taken, and it will go
upon the record as having been taken upon
such and such a resolution. In a few minutes
a resolution is offered for adoption, differing
from the one upon which the vote has just been
taken. Will not every member here be placed
in a false position when the resolution goes
upon the record, having already been placed
upon the record upon what is practically a dif-
ferent resolution ?
The SPEAKER. That may possibly be.
But when the House reconsiders the demand
for the previous question the resolution stands
open to. modification by its mover just exactly
as if he had just moved the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH, Will the Journal show
the modification of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Journal will show
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
modified his resolution after the motion to lay
upon the table was voted down.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the Speaker allow
me to ask whether the Journal will show both
resolutions—the one upon which we have voted
and also the resolution as modified ?
The SPEAKER. The Journal does not
incorporate bills and joint resolutions in full.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Very well; then I
ask the Speaker (and I hope he will not make
a decision without considering the matter)
whether the resolution as now before us is the
same as that on which we have voted.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WENTWORTH: Then that ought cei'-
tainly to appear on the Journal.
The SPEAKER. It will appear upon the
Journal that, after the motion to lay on the
table had been rejected, and when the ques-
tion recurred on seconding the demand for the
previous question, the gentleman from Ohio
modified his resolution.
' Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the Journal
show what the modification was ?
The SPEA KE li. The Globe will show that;
but the Journal will only state the fact that the
resolution was modified. The J ournal does not
incorporate the details Of bills.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I rise to a question of
order. I submit, that the resolution upon
which we have voted is one thing and that the
resolution as modified, being an entirely differ-
ent, thing, ought to appear upon the Journal in
its modified shape. 1 make that point of order.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair overrules the
point of order. In accordance with the uni-
form usage of the House from the establish-
ment of the Government, bills and joint res-
olutions arc not incorporated in full in the
Journal, although the amendments made to
them in the House are journalized. ■
Mr. WENTWORTH. Would the Speaker
have any objection to allowing the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to be heard
on this subject? « 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have no
objection; but it wonldhardlybe in accordance
with the rules.
The question , recurring upon seconding the
demand for the previous question,
Mr. SC1IENCK and others called for the
reading of the joint resolution as modified.
The Clerk read, as follows:
lie it rranfoed, <£<■., That the aet of June 30,1864,
entitled "An aet to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government, and for other purposes,"
shall ncrt. be so construed as to exempt from taxation
by or under State or municipal authority any amount
of United States notes not bearing interest held by
any person as money. .
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there'were—ayes 35, noes 28; no quo-
rum voting.
The SPEAKER, nnder the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Messrs. Spalding and
Wentworth.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes G4, noes 3G.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, which was
on the motion to refer the joint resolution to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Idesireto
ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
to modify his resolution by inserting after the
word "person" the words "or corporation.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no objection to
making that modification.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
modified at this time. The House is acting
under the previous question.
The motion to refer the joint resolution to the
Committee of Ways and Me'ans was agreed to.
excluding tii15 disloyal from office.
Mr. SHELLABARGER submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee onthe Judiciary be
directed to inquire and report to this House up on the
constitutionality and propriety of providing by law
that no person who is disloyal to the Government ot
the United States, and who has voluntarily engaged
in rebellion against such Government, shall be en-
titled to exercise the rights of an elector in any Stato
or to hold office under such Government during such
disloyalty, and pro-viding also by law for persons who
have been so engaged in such rebellion being admit-
ted to exercise such elective franchise upon prooi of
loyalty to the Government.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
printing- evidence.
Mr. SCHENCK. I submit the following res-
olution, and demand the previous question on
its adoption:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of reports
of evidence from the reconstruction committoe be
printed for the use of members of this House.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table; and on that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. I modify the resolution,
whether it goes upon the Journal or not, so as
to make it twenty thousand extra copies ; and
on the resolution as modified I demand the
previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. Can the gentleman mod-
ify his resolution ?
The SPEAKER. He can.
The morning hour having expired, the reso-
lution went over until next Monday.
right of way.
Mr. HIGBY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. On Thursday morning last I, by unan-
imous consent, introduced an act granting the
right of way to ditch and canal owners in the
State of California over the public lands,
which was read a first, and second time, and
moved it be referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining. I find in the Journal of the House
and in the Globe it has been, through some
mistake, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. I move that the mistake be corrected.
The Committee on Public Lands was dis- *
charged from the further consideration of the
bill; aud it was referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining.
mexican and fenian bonds.
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
the floor to me to submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That in giving leave, on the 5th instant,
for the introduction of a resolve to guaranty a loan
for Mexico, this House did not thereby in any way
approve such a measure, and it, is hereby declared, as
the sense of this House, that all schemes looking to
the guarantee of Mexican bonds, or Eenian bonds,
are unwise and inexpedient.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE and Mr. SMITH ob-
jected.
Mr. MORRILL. I must decline to yield for
the introduction of the resolution if it is going
to consume any time, as I think it will.
approval os -eongrbss.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, submitted
resolutions of the Legislature of Wisconsin,
expressing approbation of Congress in pass-
ing the Freedmen's Bureau bill and in exclud-
ing representation from rebellious districts;
