3252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
336, granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from Salt Lake
City to the Columbia river.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. This appears to be a bill
of a great deal of importance. I understand
it is for the construction of a railroad from
Utah to some place in Oregon, a distance of
some hundreds of miles ; I do not know how
many, perhaps a thousand. I submit that it
will require considerable consideration, and I
suggest to the honorable Senator from Oregon
that it ought to be laid aside for the present.
Perhaps it should go to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, but at all events I move to
lay it aside for the present and to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 317, making an amendment to the
Pacific railroad act. That is the same bill
which was before the Senate yesterday morn-
ing and with which we made considerable prog-
ress, and I think wo can dispose of it in a com-
paratively short time. I do not wish to embar-
rass the bill of the honorable Senator from
Oregon, but I should prefer to have it lie over
until it can be more carefully examined.
Mr. WILLIAMS. T hope the Senator from
Michigan will not persist in his motion. This
is a bill copied from other railroad bills I hat
have been passed by Congress at this session
without any question. It, simply provides for
the construction of a railroad from the Co-
lumbia river to Salt Lake City to connect with
the Union Pacific railroad, and it makes the
same grants precisely that are made in all the
other bills. There is not it new feature of any
kind or description in this oill, and I supposed
that it would pass without any question. I
hope that the Senator will allow it to pass at
this time. It will only take a lew minutes.
There is nothing in it. that can possibly exvtite
discussion. It is a very important bill. .Men
of capital are standing ready now to take hold
of the euterpuse as soon as the bill can be
passed through at the present session of Con-
gress. 1 have brought it fonvaid now, and
desire to pass it, if possible, so that during the
present summer a corps of engineers may go
forward and make the necessary surveys. 1
am sure the Senator will not oppose the pas-
sage of the bill or anything in it, for he has
indorsed everything in the bill heretofore on
several occasions. It will take but a very little
time to dispose of this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no doubt of its
great importance ; and for that very reason I
should like to look into it, more carefully. I
think it had better lie over for a short time at,
least. 1 have not had time to read it. It is
part and parcel of the Pacific railroad system.
If I understand it properly and regularly the
bill should have been referred to the Pacific
Kailroad Committee; but, I will not insist upon
that. I simply ask the Senator to allow it to
pass over until to-morrow or some future day.
I ain very anxious to get up the bill to which I
have referred and have it disposed of.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am very confident, from
what was said yesterday by the Senator from
Massachusetts and (it her Senators, that the bill
the Senator from Michigan proposes to take up
will create considerable discussion and will take
more than the morning hour. I would prefer to
have that bill put among the regular orders of
the Senate rather than to be brought forward in
the morning hour when bills that will excite no
discussion may he brought up and disposed of.
There is nothing in this bill, I am sure, which
the Senator needs to examine, in order to in-
dorse it. I have waited a long time to bring
this bill up. I have not had an opportunity
heretofore to get it before the Senate. If 1
put it aside now, I am sure I shall have great
difficulty in bringing it up at any subsequent
time. I hope the Senator will allow me to have
a vote on this bill at the present time.
Mr. HOWARD. I must insist on my motion.
I shall assent to whatever disposition the Sen-
ate may see fit to make of it. I think the bill
ought to go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan to postpone the present and all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 317.
The motion was not agreed to.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ments reported to the bill (S. No. 336) before
the Senate by the Committee on Public Lands
will be proceeded with in their order.
The first amendment was in section one, line
five, in the list of corporators to strike out the
word "Sems" and insert "Lewis," so that
the name will read 11 C. H. Lewis."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest that the amend-
ments to the first section are merely verbal,
changing the mistakes made in the printing of
the bill, and they may be acted upon together.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendments to the first section will be
read together.
The Secretary read the amendments, which
were in line seven to insert the name of "John
R. McBride; " in line eleven to insert the name
of " Clark Bell;" and in line fourteen to insert
the name of "Edward Lander."
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the vote will be
taken separately on the insertion of those
names.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
will be taken separately at the request of any
Senator. The first question will be on in-
serting in line seven the name of "John R.
Mcliride."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 will with draw the amend-
ment in the eleventh line.
The PRESIDENTjji'o tempore. Theamend-
ment is reported by a committee, and the
Chair doubts whether an individual member
of I lie Senate is authorized to withdraw an
amendment reported by a committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it can be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. It is only the insertion
of a single name, and there seems to be some
reason why the name should bo withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT; 'o tempore, ltis in the
power of the Senate to dispose of tho matter
as they think proper.
Mr. POME ROY. I know of no objections
to the name myself. I know nothing about it.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on inserting tho name of " Clark Bell"
in the eleventh lino of the first section.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
done. I have reasons that I think substantial
ones why it should not, bo done. I do not wish
to take up the time of the Senate this morning
in slating them, but I shall be compelled to
stale them rather than allow it to be done now.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section one, line
fourteen, to insert among the corporators the
name of " Edward Lander."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tile next amendment was in section one,
line thirty, after the word " namely" to strike
out;
Beginning at Salt Lako City in the Territory of
Utah; thence westerly, by tho most eligible anddircct
l jiltuad toute, as shaft bo determined by said com-
pany, within the territory of the United States, to tho
Columbia river, in the State of Oregon or "Washing-
ton Territory.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Beginning at a point on the Columbia river, in
Wa^bin^ton Territory or Oicgon, at ornear Umatilla
or WaIf ula: thence easterly, by the most eligible and
direct railroad route, as shall bo determined by said
company, to Salt Lake City, in the Territory of Utah,
I or to some point on tho line of the Union Pacific rail-
: road, so as to connect therewith west of the one hun-
dred and ninth meridian of longitude.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line forty-five, to strike out "thirty" and in-
sert " three hundred:" and in line forty-six
to strike out "thousand" and insert "hun-
dred;" so as to read:
The capital stock of said company shall consist of
three hundred thousand shares of $100 each, and shall
be transferable in such manner as the by-laws of
said corporation shall provide.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
lino fifty-one, after the word "railroad" to
insert "company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line seventy-six, to strike out "one" and insert
"ten;" and in line seventy-seven to strike out
"fifty" and insert "five;" so as to read:
So soon as ten thousand shares shall in good faith
be subscribed for, and five dollars per share actually
paid into tho treasury of the company, the said pres-
ident and secretary of &aid board of commissioners
shall appoint a time and place for the first meeting
of the subscribers to tho stock.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line twelve, after the word "company" to
insert "confirming to said company;" so that
the clause will read:
The commissioners shall so report to the President
of the United States, and patents of land, as aforo-
suid, shall bo issued to said company, confirming to
said company the right and title to said lands situated
opposite to and conterminous with said completed sec-
tion of said road.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported from the committee have been
completed.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from California, or somo
of the Senators who are familiar with these
questions, to this provision in the bill on the
top of the seventh page, "that where the gold
or silver lands contain timber" t,he timber only
shall be given. I suggest whether it ought, not
to read '' timber thereon so much as may be
necessary for building the road shall be given
not the whole timber, but only so much as is
necessary for tho construction of the road. If
that meets with their approval, 1 will move an
amendment to insert in lino fourteen of section
two, after "timber thereon," the words "so
much as may be necessary for the building of
said road." I think the miners would com-
plain if tho railroad company got all the tim-
ber ; but if they have what is nccossary for
building the road on the even sections, I think
it is a fairer adjustment than it is to give them
the whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I am in favor of the object
of this bill, and was anxious to have an oppor-
tunity to read it before it was taken up. Hcnce
I voted this morning to postpone it for that
reason alone. The proposition now made by
the Senator from Kansas interferes with what
was tho intention unquestionably of those who
prepared the bill. The grant made in the Pa-
cific railroad- bill originally conveys the whole
timber upon the odd sections which may be
found to contain minerals, and the fee-simple
title to which could not consequently pass to
the company. All thetimber on those sections
is granted to the company, and I presume that
the gentlemen who prepared this bill intended
a like grant to tliis company; but in amending
the Pacific railroad grant subsequently. I had
an amendment inserted which reserved to the
agriculturist and to the miner who might be
located upon those sections the timber upon
their locations and the timber necessary to the
miner for operating his mine. This amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas will meet the
purpose in another way, and some such amend-
ment should be made. The reason I desired
a little delay was to enable me to look into this
point and some others like it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. At the bottom of page
14, in section ten, lino two, I move to strike
out the word "company" after "railroad."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not had time to
read the bill now under consideration. I de-
sire to be informed by the honorable Senator
from Oregon whether it makes any appropria-
