1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0®1.
my honorable friend, I prefer to goon with my
remarks without interruption.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to remind the
Senator 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With all courtesy to my
honorable friend I must decline to give way,
because I desire not to have the argument which
Lam making broken in upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from. Wisconsin is entitled to the floor, and
cannot be interrupted without his consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I only want to say that my
language was, " shut out from the communion
■of the Union," not, "from the Union;" they
could not be shut out from that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor, and
will proceed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But, sir, I do not rest
here. That statute was passed on the 13th of
July, 1861, just about one week before the bat-
tle of Bull Run. We shall never forget that
day! Our army, though successful in the morn-
ing, became panic-stricken in the afternoon, and
came back upon Washington in disorder, ut-
terly demoralized; and members of Congress,
too, who went out exulting with "On to Rieh-
' mond !" upon their lips, to see a great victory,
to witness "the races" of fleeing rebels, came
•fleeing home themselves from the field of dis-
aster.
■As soon after that battle as the members of
Congress could conveniently assemble, in that
hour of deep humiliation to us all, a resolution
passed both Houses of Congress, by an almost
unanimous vote, declaring our purpose in the
prosecution of this war, and especially the de-
termination of Congress in relation to the status
and rights of the southern States. In that hour
of defeat, when humbled before the nations
and before the Supreme Ruler of the world,
Congress, almost unanimously in both Houses,
declared—
" That this war is not proseeuted upon our part in
any spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of con-
quest or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing or
interfering with the rights or established institutions
of those States, h lit, to defend and maintain the sup) em-
acy of the Constitution and all laws made in pursu-
ance thereof, and to preserve the Union with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the several States un-
impaired; that as soon as these objects are accom-
plished the war ought to cease."
This, bear in mind, was after the passage
of the Collamer statute, and within two weeks
after. It is the later, the more solemn, and the
more explicit declaration of the intention of
Congress in carrying on the war.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that
statute intended to put eleven States out of this
Union. Certainly the statute says no such
thing. He must infer it. He rests upon infer-
ence only, while this resolution, twelve days
afterwards, in express terms declares the in-
tention of Congress to keep them in the Union,
"to preserve the Union, with all the dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States unim-
paired." By these words, and none can be
stronger, Congress in express terms excludes
the possibility of that inference. It does more;
it rejects his whole theory of disunion. We
expelled Bright, of Indiana, for writing a letter
to Jefferson Davis, styling him "President of
the Confederate States," thus, while a Senator,
acknowledging the confederacy, and sympa-
thizing with the secessionists in arms.
Had the Senator from Massachusetts, on the
25th of July, 1861, when wepassed thatresolu-
tion to which I have referred, as to the status
of the southern States and the purpose of Con-
gress in prosecuting the war to put down the
insurrection, risen in his place here and de-
clared that the Union was dissolved; that Con-
gress, by the Collamer statute, had put eleven
of the States out of the Union ; that the war
was to be prosecuted for the purpose of con-
quering, holding, and governing those eleven
States, and ten million people, for an indefinite
period of time, not as States under the Consti-
tution, but as conquered provinces, and with-
out representation ; to be governed by the un-
limited power* of Congress, or by the sword, as
Territories, I do not say that any action wonld
have been taken against him personally, for his
rights as a Senator would have been his protec-
tion ; and, more than that, the sincerity of his
motives and his unquestioned patriotism would
have shielded him; but I do say that if he had
then avowed that doctrine, and been made
amenable for the guilt of his theory, he would
have been expelled from the Senate as a seces-
sionist, at least a disunionist; for certainly such
a theory, announced then, would have given
aid and comfort to the rebellion at home, and
moral power to its friends abroad.
It will be remembered that resolution was
offered in the Senate by Mr. Johnson, the pres-
ent President of the United States, who was
then, and for a long time afterward remained,
a Senator from the State of Tennessee, and that,
too, long after the Collamer statute, according
to the Senator's theory, had placed Tennessee
outside the Union. What! Tennessee repre-
sented in the Union and at the same time out-
side the Union I Dead and yet alive!
But some may say that resolution passed Con-
gress too soon after the battle of Bull Run to
be taken as conclusive upon this question.
I will refer to other acts of Congress if pos-
sible still stronger.
The Constitution says:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective
numbers."
Under that authority, Congress, after the pas-
sage of the Collamer statute, did both—appor-
tioned both direct taxes and Representatives
among the several States, including the southern
as well as the northern and western States of
this Union. I read from the eighth section of
the act, of August, 1861:
"And be -it further cnacted, That a direct tax of
£20,000,000 be, and is hereby, annually laid upon the
United States, and the same shall be, and is hereby,
appoitioned to the States lespectively, and in man-
ner following:
To the State of Maine $428,826 00
To the State of New Hampshire .218,462 66}
To the State of Vermont   211,068 00
To the State of Massachusetts..... 821.581 33}
To the State of Rhode Island 116,963 66}
To the State ot Connecticut 308,214 00
To the State of New York 2,603,918 66}
To the State of New Jersey 450,134 00
To the State of Pennsylvania 1,946,719 33}
To the State of Delaware 74,683 33}
To the State of Maryland 436,823 &?}
To the State of Virginia   .937,550 66s
To the State of North Carolina .570,194 661
To the State of South Carolina 363,570 60s
To the State of Georgia 584,367 33}
To the State of Alabama 529,313 33}
To the State of Mississippi 433,084 66*
To the State of Louisiana .385,886 66}
To the State of Ohio   1,567,089 33}
To the State of Kentucky 713,695 33}
To the State of Tennessee   669,498 00
To the State of Indiana 904,875 33}
To the State of Illinois .1,146,551 33}
To the State of Missouri 761,127 33}
To the State of Kansas 71,743 33}
To the State of Arkansas 261,886 00
To the State of Michigan.! 501,763 33}
To the State of Florida - 77,522 66y
To the State of Texas 355.106 66s
To the State of Iowa .452,088 00
To the State of YViscou&m .519,688 00}
To the State of California    254,538 66}
To the State of Minnesota 108,524 00
To the State ot Oregon   35,140 66!
Sir, the question I put in the beginning, where
are those eleven States? is answered hereby
Congress; I find them all " included within this
Union,'' to use tllelanguage of the Constitution,
for the purpose of direct taxation. Every one
of those eleven are found there and are taxed
by name as States within the Union. Virginia
as well as New York; Arkansas by the side of
Michigan; Florida and Texas by the side of
Iowa and Wisconsin. Direct taxes and repre-
sentation go together.
Has Congress spoken upon the subject of
representation ? Most certainly.
By an act approved the 4th of March, 1862,
which by its terms was not to take effect till
March 4, 1863, Congress apportioned the Rep-
presentatives upon the basis that those eleven
southern States were still States in the Union,
with their right to representation unimpaired.
By that act, modifying former acts, Congress
apportioned Representatives to the .several
States in this Union,as follows: -
To Alabama..,     7
To Arkansas j
To California 3
To Connecticut   ;     4
To Delaware   ,...„.r..,....n
To Florida    ;.."1
To Georgia     7
To Illinois   ;   ...13
To Indiana  '.11
To Iowa     6
To Kansas...,    1
To Kentucky 9
To Louisiana  ...";;. "4
To Maine   -5
To Maryland   5
To Massachusetts      10
To Michigan .'....'..V.,V.]|'6
To Minnesota 2
To Mississippi     5
To Missouri     ..............9
To Nevada 1
To New Hampshire     3
To New Jersey   .5
To New York     „,31
To North Carolina .....8
To Ohio ,19
To Oregon 1
To Pennsylvania 24
To Rhode Island   %
To South Carolina   6
To Tennessee „,8
To Texas   %
To Vermont   3
To Virginia  8
To West Virginia....:   3
To "Wisconsin   6
That law is still in force. Under thatlawfche
present House of Representatives was .chosen;
under that law the present House is organized;
under that law those eleven States of the South
have just as much right to representation as the
other twenty-five.
Whether those States are in a condition to
choose Representatives, and whether theyhave
chosen right Representatives, are questions I
will discuss hereafter. I now speak only of their
right to have representation under the existing
law of Congress.
Thus, by the action of Congress in appor-
tioning direct taxes and representation—-those
two fundamentals in republican government—
the status of those eleven States as States in-
cluded within this Union is declared and acted
upon.
Once more, by the act of the 7th of June,
1862, amended as late as February, 1863, Con-
gress, in the ninth section, provided that the
tax commissioners in insurrectionary disti'icts,
after bidding in for the United States lands sold
for unpaid taxes, should, in the name of the
United States, enter upon and take possession
of the same, and lease the same "until the said
rebellion and insurrection in said State shall be
put down, and the civil authority of the United
States established, and until the people of
said State shall elect a Legislature and State
officers, who shall take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, to be an-
nounced by the pi-oclamation of the President."
And the twelfth section provides "that the pro-
ceeds of the said leases and sales shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States, one
fourth of which shall be paid over to the Gov-
ernor of said State," "when such insurrection
shall be put down, and the people shall eleet a
Legislature and State officers who shall take
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and such fact shall be proclaimed by
the President, for the purpose of reimbursing
the loyal citizens of said State, or for such other
purpose as said State may direct."
Congress here declares in these sections, not
that the States are outside the Union, not that
they have lost their rights in the Union, but
recognizing the insurrection in these States,
declares four things:
1. The intention of Congress to put down the
insurrection and reestablish the civil authority
in these States.
2. When the insurrection is put down the
people of these States have the right to elect
their Legislature, Governor, and State officers.
3; When the people elcct them_, andthey take
their oath to support the Constitution of. the
United States, the President is, bylaw, required ,
to issue his proclamation to that effect. And
