1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2293
cisingthe functions of judge advocate and receiving
pay therefor from the Dmted States to the amount
of $3,COO while receiving: his compensation as a mem-*
ber of Congress was a violation of the l etter or spirit,
or both, of article one, section two, ot the Constitu-
tion, I leave others to decide.
As to the animus of Mr. Conkhngs calumnious
assault upon me, it is true (notwithstanding his
assertion that he had no personal quarrels with me)
that the differences between him and myself arose
altogether from my unwillingness to gratify him m
certain matters in which he had a stiong personal
intorcst. It is truo, also, that h© was toiled in his
efforts to obtain undue concessions from my bureau,
and to discredit me in the eyes of my superiors.
There have been three main issues between Mr.
Conkling and myself.
Thefhst, arose in consequence of the removal of
Captain Richardson, (the first provost marshal of
Mr. Conkling's district,) upon a report of Judgo Advo-
cate Turner, that the proofs in his case disclosed a
reckless persistence in fraudulent practices. Mr.
Conklins complained of my action both to the Pres-
ident and War Department, butfailed to procure any
modification of my course.
The second issue was as to the restoring of Cap-
tain Crandall, (the second provost maiohal of the
district,) at tor I had socurcd his removal from duty
on the recommendation of Major Ludington, who
thoroughly inspected the district and reported that
though not legally guilty ho had morally perpetrated
a most glaring and inexcusablcfraud on the Govern-
ment he was sworn to serve, and that he had quieted
his conscionce by casuistry and regulated his actions
by the counsel of unscrupulous legal advisers. Mr.
Conkling failed to get Captain Crandall restored, and
ttie officer selected by mo continued iu charge of the
business until the office was closed.
The third issuewasastothcGovernment'semploving
counsel to defend Captain CrandaHaiterhehad been
relieved and had earned with him, in violation of the
orders of the Department, some twenty thousand
dollars, local bounty deposited with him in behalf of
recruits, and in regardtowhich hegot into litigation.
In this Mr. Conkling failed. Counsel has not, to my
knowledge, been authorized, nor have any lawyers
been paid by the Government in that suit.
In support of hisdenial of differences with me which
influenced his action Mr. Conkling states the fact
that we had butone personal interview. That is true,
but itprovestheroveraoof what Mr. Conkling asserts,
for it was of such a nature as to render other intei-
views very objectionable. I wascailodto Mr.Dana's
ofiice to have a verbal discussion with Mr. Conkling
on tho questions at issue, but I had by tins tinio
learned too much of this gentleman to.transaet bus-
iness with him in that way, and I declined to do so.
We had, dncetly and indirectly, much correspondence,
and generally of an unpleasant character, and 1 pi e-
suuie under such circumstances it will be granted that
men's personal relations will be bad although they
may have had but ono personal interview.
Notwithstanding Mr. Conkling's denial in the
House, his own letters as well as the foregoing state-
ments show that there were differences and that he
was "worsted." Onthe25th of October, 18i35, he wrote
theSecrctaryof War,saying: **„*•* "It
is now many months since I have been able to obtain
any response from the Department touching the in-
terests of the Government in this District. Still I
venture one more trial," &c. .
Mr. Conkling asserts and presents it as an offense
or crime on my part that Major Haddock was my
crony, confidant, &o.} and that I justified him(ilad-
dock)dovv'n to tho tune when his sentence was pub-
lished and afterward.
Those assertions are not true. Major Iladdoek was
never my confidant or crony. Prior to his entry into
the Veteran ilc^ei vcoorpsl had never heaid of him.
He was appoinied to that corps by a .special order
from the Secretary of War, without any knowledge
or action on my part. He served under General
Oakcs, in Illinois, by whom ho was highly recom-
mended to me. . .
He then served for a short time m a subordinate
position in a bianch of my office, without my becom-
ing intimate with him, personally or officially. He
has never made a social or personal call on mo in his
life. He was highly recommended by the officer under
whom ho served in my ofheo, and was selected for
a temporary provost marshalship in Pennsylvania,
where he rendered efficient service, without his integ-
rity or capacity being questioned. After serving for
a short ume with fidelity, so far as I know, as acting
provost marshal at Buffalo, he was selected as acting
assistant provost marshal general, at Elmira, forthe
reason, and that only, that I thoughthe was upright
and suited to the position. In that position I be-
friended and sustained hitn until I had proper evi-
dence of his being unworthy, and not a day longer;
but on this point I required better testimony than
Hon. Koscoe Conkling. I received a letter dated as
late as March 29,1865, from Hon. Hamilton Ward,
member of Congress of the dis«Uict in which Major
Haddock was stationed, claiming to bcfamiliarwith
Haddock's course and the motives of the persons op-
erating against him, 44 and protesting against his
removal;" but notwithstanding this, as soon as the
official report against him was received, on the 1st of
April, I had him relieved and his conduct put under
investigation. He had not then^been four months
oil duty as acting assistant, provost marshal general.
After his trial and dismissal Major Haddock came
to Washington to get a revocation or modification
of his sentence, lie pointed out to me instances of
unfairness in his trial, but I declined to do anything
in aid of his object, as I thought he deserved punish-
ment, not for all the crimes with which Mr. Conk-
ling charged him, but for the offenses of which he
was really guilty. I even refused to give him a letter
as to his behavior prior to his being accused, because
I knew that such a letter, though perhaps notwrong
in itself, would be used to accomplish a purpose
which I did not approve, namely, his pardon.
Major Haddock went on duty at Elmira as acting
assistant provost marshal general, December 9,18b-i,
An inspection made at my request tho latter part
of March, 1865, elicited the first information which I
received suitable for proceeding against him.
I received ttie report on the 1st of April, and on
the same day I submitted it to the Secretary of War,
with the recommendation that Major Haddock be
relieved from duty as acting assistant provost mar-
shal general of western New York, and that his
conduct be further investigated, which was approved
by the Secretary of War, and Major Haddock was
promptly relieved.
The prosecution of Major Haddock was on April
3,1865, mado the special business of Mr. Conkling and
the Judge Advocate Genornl of tho Army, asshown by
a letter fiom Mr. Charles A. Dana, Assistant Secre-
tary of War. But whenever I had an opportunity,
and so far as I had power, I urged forward the trial
of Major Haddock. I was told by Mr. Dana, early
in April, that Mr. Conkling would prepare charges,
but hearing nothing definite in regard to them I,.on
the 22d of April, 1865, wrote to Mr. Conklmg asking
when he would be ready to procoed with tho trial, to
which I received a reply saying that he had for-
warded the charges to the Secretary of War. This
letter I at once (May 1st; referred to the Judgo Advo-
cate General, with tho request that the trial might
takeplaco as soon  s possible. Theeourtwas ordered
to convene on tho 17th of May, 1865. Notwithstand-
ing Mr. Conkling was duected to get his instructions
from General Holt, he frequently applied to rne% On
the 15th of May 1 referred a letter from him of tho
13tli with the following indorsement: "Respectfully
referred to the Judge Advocate General, with the
request that he will answer Mr. Conkling's inquiries
by telegraph to-day, as tho court meets day after to-
moirow. Mr. Conkling is judge advocato of tho
court, and I recommend that all proper authority
and facilities be granted to him at once." \\ hen the
organization of tho court was delayed by theabsenco
of members I secured at once the detail of other
officers, and notified Mr. Conkling by> telegraph.
There arc other facts beai ing on this point, but tho
foregoing are, T think, Milficient to show my desire
to have Major Haddock tried. <
Mr. Conkling, in his speech, insinuates dishonesty,
saying this bureau should "allow tho War Dcpart-
mentami the country to know precisely what has i>«-
comeoftho twenty-five million and odd dollars which,
under the act of March 3,1863, went to its credit.
My official repoit, now puitly in the handout the
Public Printer, «hows in detail the disposition of
eveiy dollar of this money, and shows, moreover, a
completeness and accuracy in accounts that is not
surpassed, if it is equaled, by any bureau under the
Government, and I hold a certificate from tho Second
Comptroller of tho Teasury that all my accounts
relating to this fund have been examined and found
correct. Mr. Conkling speaks of this bureau allow-
ing the War Department to know, &c., as if thoy
were separate branches of the Government, My
bureau is a subordinate branch of the War Depart-
ment, and I wish here to point out clearly the fact
that my business has been conducted under the con-
stant supeivision and direction of tho Secretary of
War. and those authorized to act in his name. It
ought not to be nccessary for me to remind either
Mr. Conkling or tho "people" that Mr. Stanton lias
nover been unwilling to make examinations into the
conduct of hissubordinates, nor slow to act upon the
result of them. This of itself is a sufficient reply to
Mr. Conkling's abu^e of me, especially as it a tact
that every request, complaint, or accusation of any
importance made by him to or affecting tins bureau,
has been laid before theSeeretary of War, and passed
upon by him. It is truo that the result has in nearly
every instance been unfavorable to Mr. Conkling;
and assuming that these were the differences or
quarrels which were referred to in thedebato as those
in which Mr. Conkling came out "second be«t. no
asserted what was not true when he denied them.
Mr. Conkling says that he may hereafter inform
Congress what number of all the men who received
bounty reached the front, intimating that the pro-
portion was small. -I, for one, should be glad to ob-
tain that information. The duty of sending men to
the front rested with the Adjutant General of the
Army and not with mo.
IJe also hints that he may hereafter make t' dam-
aging exposZ of tho operations of my bureau. What-
ever he may adduce in this connection he will prob-
ably not be able to disprove that it raised more than
a million men for the Aimy, which, when hostilities
ceased, consisted, notwithstanding all the losses, or
one million five hundred and sixteen men; that it
arrested and returned to the service over seventy-six
thousand deserters, and that it raised by its own
operations, in conformity to law, over twenty-six
million dollars, which sum has been properly dis-
P°That°there were frauds in my branch of the ser-
vice I admit, but that they prevailed to a greater
degree in it than in others, or that earnest and zeal-
ous efforts were not made by me to pursue, correct,
and punish them, no man dare have the hardinood
to assert
And I will here state that the fraud or lora in Gov-
ernment funds under my bureau, including both that
punished and that unpunished, has been compara-
tively small. ,
The frauds and malpractices which did occur were
almost entirely in connection with local bounties,
which could not be controlled by the United States,
and which corrupted some of the officeis of this bu-
reau, but more of the people at large, including super-
visors, agents, &c., selected by the people to disburse
the funefe which they so lavishly bestowed.
The general management of my business has
received the approval of all dispassionate parties
who have had an opportunity to judge of it, including
the late President and that superior officer to whom
I have been directly responsible, whose vigor and
whose capacity and opportunity to judge are beyond
disoute; and it will not be forgotten thatcomi>laints
ana accusations have been spread with great indus-
try before the high officials last referred to.
I have been at all times amenable to the severest
form of law—the military code—liable at any moment
to summary arrest, court-martial, and extreme pun-
ishment in case of any dereliction qf official duty.
No one know or knows this fact better than Mr.
Conkling, and if, while acting as judge advocate,
under the extraordinary inquisitorial powers be-
stowed upon him by his friend Mr. Dana, he came
into the possession .of any fact irnpusrning or im-
peaching my integrity as a public officer, he was
guilty of grave public wrong and unfaithfulness if
he did not instantly file formal ohargos against mo
with the Secretary of War. lie can, therefore, only
escapc the charge of deliberate and malignant false-
hood as a member of Congress by confessing an un-
pardonable breach of duty as judge advocato. He-
held both ofiiccs and took pay for both at the same
time; he has certainly been false to honor in one, and
perhaps, as the sequel may show, in both.
Copies of official documents substantiating state-
ments herein made are subjoined.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Marshal General.
non. JAMI?S G. Blaine,
House of Representatives, Washington, J). C.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not ask the accom-
panying documents shall be read. I only ask
that the letter and documents be printed.
Mr. BOSS. 1 move that ten thousand extra
copies be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that everything be
read. I enjoy it very much.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, April 3,1865.
Sir- I am instructed by the Secretary of War to
authorize you to investigate all eases of fraud in the
provost marshal's department of the western divis-
ion of New York, and all misdemeanors connected
with recruiting. You will from time to time make
report to this Department of tho progress of your
labors, and will apply for any special authority for
which you may have occasion. The Judgo Advocate
General willbo instructed to issue to you an appoint-
ment as special judge advocate, for the prosecution
of any case* that may be brought to trial before a
military tribunal. You will also appear m behalf
of this Department, in any cases that it may bedeemea
more expedient to bring before tho civil tribunals.
Very respectfully, your obedient 8£rvg^A
Assistant Secretu-ry of iVar.
Hon. Rosccte Conkling.
War Department.
Washington City, April 3,1865.
Hon. Itoscoe Conkling having been appointed by
the Secretary of War, to investigate transactions
connected with recruiting in the western dms\on ot
New Yoik, all telesraph companies and operators
are respectfully requested to afford him access to any
dispatches which he may requiie for the purpose of
detecting frauds and bringing criminals to trial. '
By order of the Secretary ot Wav:
C. A. DANA,
Assistant Secretary of War.
War Department,
"Washington City, April 3.1805.
Hon. Roscoe Conkling having been appointed by
the Secretary of War to investigate transactions
conncctedwith recruiting in the western division of
New York all provost marshals and other military
officers aie hereby directed to give him free access to
all their official records and correspondence, and to
furnish him certified copies of any papers that he may
require. „ , - , * nr
By order of the Secretary of War:
C. A. DANA,
'Assistant Secretary of War.
War Department,
Washington City, December 21,1864.
General: I have the honor to_ return to you the
papers in the e#se of Captain Itichajdj-on, provost
marshal twenty-first district N ew Y ork, and respect-
fully recommend that said Kichardson be at once
arrested and held in custody for trial by court-mar-
tial. The proofs in. this case disclose a reckless per-
sistency in fraudulent practices that not onlydemana
his arrest and trial, "but also a complete^renovation in
the office of said district. * *
I am, General, very respectfully. yonrobedioDS
L- cvS 25w
Brigadier General General. ,
b„; l, -5SSS
inspection of the bof*" 01
