8254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
man of the Committee on Military Affairs that
I should call it up to-day and he assented to it.
It will not do to wait until every member is
ready to act upon it. We hare been notified
that "the tax bill will be taken up to-morrow,
and these appropriation bills ought to bo got
out of the way. I therefore insist upon my
motion. I think it will not take long to dis-
pose of the Army appropriation bill. •
Mr. COYNESS. 1 wish to state to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio that I also have an
amendment to offer to that bill, which I laid
in my drawer, but sir.ce he has mentioned the
bill I have been looking for it, but cannot find
it. It seems to have been mislaid.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can easily find it or
write another.
Mr. CONNESS. I doubt very much whether
I can prepare it in a moment while it is being
suggested. I agree with the Senator that it is
important to pass the Army appropriation bill;
but I think we can take it up in the morning
hour, and give it precedence over other bills
and pass it. I hope tlie Senator will not urge
it at this moment, for these special reasons, and
for the reason that we ought to go forward with
this railroad bill and finish it. f desire to say,
while 1 am up, toJ.he honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, that I join with him in any anx-
iety he may have for the bill that he proposes
to take up; but the shorter way, it appears to
me, to come to it is. to remove the bills that
are now ponding and that are nearly consid-
ered and get a vote upon them; let the Senate
vote them up or vote them down, and then we
shall get to his bill. I am very anxious to got
to it.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
Committee on Military Affairs have seven or
eight bills awaiting action, and we have been
waiting day after day for Senators to get their
bills out of the way. Last week 1 moved to
assign this Freedmcn's Bureau bill specially
for to-day at one o'clock. The Senator from
Ohio thought he ought to lake up the Army
appropriation bill to-day. I regard, as we all
regard, the appropriation hills as of impor-
tance. Yesterday was given to mining mat-
ters, and the morning hour for two or three
mornings has been given to this railroad bill.
T want to get the Freedman's Bureau bill
through to-day, H' possible; and as it has been
suggested by Senators that they have some
amendments to oiler to the Army appropria-
tion bill, I think the Senator from Ohio had
better let it lie over and let us take up the
Freedmen's Bureau bill, which I think we can
perhaps finish in an hour. I should like to
get through with that bill to-day.
Mr. C()\rNESS. 1 wish to state that I have
found my amendment to the Army appropria-
tion bill of which t spoke.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think we had better get
rid of the Army appropriation bill and have it
out of the way. It is one of those things that
obstruct other business. I therefore insist on
my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 107) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
the ")0th of June, 18G7.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directedby the Com-
mittee on Finance to propose an amendment
as an additional section:
And be it further cnacted,,Yb.aX the following sums
be, and the same arc herebv. apjuopriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for I he support of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, for the fiscal year commencing
January 1, I860. namely:
For salaries of assistant and sub-assistant commis-
sioners, $147,500.
For salaries of clerks, $82,000.
For stationery and printing, $63,000.
For quarters and fuel, 859,000.
For clothing for distribution, $1,170,000.
For commissary stores, $3,106,2-50.
For medical department, >-300,000.
For transportation, $1,320,000.
For school superintendents, $21,000.
For repairs and rent of school-houses and asylums,
$500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it .further enacted. That the quartermaster's
department shall in all cases, in obtaining supplies
f#r the military servicc, state in advertisements for
bids for contracts that a preference shall be given to
a rl iules of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal; and that such
preference shall be given to articles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the Pacific
eoast to the extent of the production required by the
public service there; and to that end the Quarter-
master General shall cause advertisements to bo pub-
lished in theciticsof San Francisco, in California, and
Portland, in the State of Oregon, and ho shall accept
the lowest responsible bids under such advertise-
ments if the quality be equal each in its kind or supe-
rior to that which shall be offered by bidders on the
Atlantic side and if the trice or cost to the Govern-
ment bo no greater than articles of like kind offered
by bidders on the Atlantic side with the cost of trans-
portation added thereto.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only objection I see
to the amendment, as I gather from the read-
ing, is that it would compel the Quartermas-
ter General to advertise for all supplies on the
Pacific that are needed there.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir. He is simply
required to advertise for such supplies as are
wanted for service there and produced there
specifically.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know there are certain
kinds not to be found there. So far as blankets
and food are concerned, I have no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. It is so stated; such arti-
cles as are produced there that are used there.
That is stated.
i\Ir. SHELiMAN. Then it is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose the following
amendment as an additional section:
And he it further enacted. That- a sum not exceeding
845,000 is hereby appropriated from any moneys in
the Tieasury not otheiwisc appropriated, for the
purchase of fifty-eight acres, ninety-four and one
quarter poles of land near Nashville, Tennessee, be-
ing the site of Fort Morton, as recommended by the
chief ongineer.
This is to purchase the site on which Fort
Morton stands, near Nashville, Tennessee, fifty-
eight acres of laud, recommended by the chief
of Engineers and by the Secretary of War. The
Government seized this property and is using
it, and the damages will be nearly or quite as
much as will be the cost of the purchase. The
proposition is recommended by the chief of
engineers and by General Thomas.
Mr. GllIMES. What for?
• Mr. WILSON. For the purposes for which
it is now used.
Mr. GRIMES. What are they?
Mr. WILSON. It is used for a fort and some
ether purposes.
Mr. GUIMES. Do I understand that it is
recommended that we should buy this land for
fortification purposes.
Mr. WILSON. For a fort and other Gov-
ernment purposes. General Thomas and the
chief of Engineers and the Secretary of War
all recommend the purchase, and the Secretary
says the damages which the parties demand for
the use of the property are nearly or quite as
large as will be the cost of purchasing the prop-
erty.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the appropriation ?
MrsWILSON. Forty-five thousand dollars.
The* amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose another amend-
ment:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $7,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated oat of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the purchase and use during the rebellion of fifty-
three and one quarter acres of land at Gloucester,
Massachusetts, and of the right of wav thereto, said
land being the property of Thomas Niles and now
occupied by the United States as a fortification for
the defense of Gloucester harbor; and the said land
shall not be paid for until the Attorney General shall
have decided that the title thereto is legally vested
in said Thomas Niles.
.Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire who seized
this property.
Mr. WILSON. It was seized by the author-
ity of the Government of the United States. I
have a letter from the Secretary of War in
regard to the matter and a report on the sub-
ject from the chief Engineer. The land was
taken and used by the Government, and they
have now a fortification upon it. The parties
demand several thousand dollars by way of
damages, and we propose to pay them S7,000
for the property instead of what they ask. That
is the estimate of the Secretary of War, as he
states in his communication to Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts why he did not offer this amend-
ment to the fortification bill when it was pend-
ing. That was the proper place for it.
Mr. WILSON. I think the estimate has
come in since we had that bill under consider-
ation. It was sent here on the 21st of May,
by the Secretary of War, with a large quantity
of papers giving a very full statement of the
whole ease, showing what land was used, what
we want, what we have in possession, and the
value of what we propose to occupy. The
papers arc now on my desk. The owner asked
§15,000, and the Government agreed to pay
$7,000 for the land taken, together with the
damages for using this amount of land.
Mr. GRIMES. I should really like to know
why we are fortifying Gloucester harbor, when
it was, by whose order.it was, and who did it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITIi. I offer this amendment, to
come in as a separate section :
And be it further enacted. That hereafter the Super-
intendent of the Military Academy may be selected
from any corps of the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that the
amendment in regard to Gloucester has boen
adopted ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate agreed to that amend-
ment. Since the amendment was proposed my
memory has been slightly refreshed in regard
to it. If I have not misapprehended the faets,
this seizure of property at Gloucester was more
at t.he instance of the Gloucester people, who
bceamo alarmed at the anticipated depre-
dations of some of the rebel pirates, than at
the instance of the Government. I remember
meeting some of the Gloucester people in one
of the Departments of this Government when
they were on here asking to have cannon sent
up there in order to defend themselves. I
think that tlie facts will turn out to bo as I
state ; and I am confirmed in that opinion from
the first sentence in the letter of Major Blunt,
of the engineer service, who was sent to inves-
tigate the subject, in which he speaks of its
having been "alleged" by the Gloucester peo-
ple that this property was seized by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. At any rate, I
am satisfied that it is a subject which ought to
be more thoroughly investigated than it has
been here to-day, for the Senator from Massa-
chusetts himself is not able to explain the
facts. He only says that there is a report from
the Secretary of War on the subject. I desire
to have that report and the accompanying letter
printed before we are called upon to act on
this question.
Mr. CRAGIN. I happen to have a little
personal knowledge on that subject, although
probably it does not go to the whole extent of
knowing all about it. I happened to be in
Gloucester on some business at the time this
movement originated. The people there, fear-
ing that rebel piratical ships might attack
them, organized a company and got up a com-
mittee and sent them on here for the purpose
of getting arms from the Government. It was
understood and talked of there at that time
that the movement was to involve no expense
to the Government except that the Govern-
ment should loan them arms. What was the
success of that enterprise I do not know, but
I presume this is the result of that movement.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, which has just been recon-
sidered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I offer this amendment:
A nd be it further enacted. That section seventeen of
an act entitled "An act to define the pay and ernol-
