1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2295
amount if the Government has any good claim to it.
I do not deem the insinuation made in the letter of
Mr. Conkling, that an opportunity is sought to affront
or punish the Union people of his district, worthy
of denial or comment.
X am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Marshal General.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Before the Clerk had concluded the reading
of the above documents,
Mr. BIN GUAM asked whether the further
reading of the documents could not be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. CONKIJNG. I do not wonder at the
suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio, but
the gentleman will see there is a good deal of
this is personal me, and whatever there is of
' that sort I want, to hear. I do not want to
burden the House.
Mr. SMITH. I suppose the entire matter
read there is official, and consists of commu-
nications between that Department and the
gentleman from New York, with which he is
familiar. It can be printed.
Mr. CONKIjI\G. I will not trespass upon
the attention of the House to have it read. It
is all new to mo, and gentlemen will appreci-
ate my desire in having it read.
The SPEAKER. The reading will soon bo
finished.
The paper was then read throtigh.
Mr. CONKLING. I appreciate the indiffer-
ence with which tho House must listen to an
issue such as this, in its design on one side so
personal and individual in its character ; and
at this hour of the day I shall not presume so
far upon the good nature or the sense of jus-
tice of my fellow-members as to ask them for
any great length of time to hear an expla-
nation or a statement the main objeet of which
must seem to be to repel a purely personal
attack. I can, however, assure the House
with the utmost sincerity that for everything in
this most extraordinary communication savor-
ing of imputation upon me I am consoled, ay,
doubly consoled, by the fact that I shall become
the humble instrument of initiating an inves-
tigation much needed and good for the people
of the whole country, wholesome and cleans-
ing to the future.
Before I sit down, Mr. Speaker, I shall yield
to some gentleman to move, and I know the
House will order it, a committee to investigate
a subject which lias now ceased to be individual
and become public, a subject which concerns
tho rights and interests not only of that great
procession of mourners and cripples which war
has left in our land, not only of the tax-payers
of the country, but also to those in every walk
avenue of life, because all have a deep
inte-est in preserving the purity of the Gov-
ernment in all its departments.
Of course, Mr. Speaker, I shall have no part
in that committee. I shall not move it, as it
would not be proper for me to move it, but a
committee will, I trust, be appointed to bring
fairly to the public knowledge some of the mat-
ters whereof I shall briefly speak.
Now, sir, askingthe indulgence of the House
for a space, I wish to take up some of the
matters in this communication of General Fry
as I was able to note them in tho reading,
which point directly, and which are intended
to point injuriously to me.
Mr. Speaker, I did not file in the War Depart-
ment long ago information in reference to wide-
firead frauds in recruiting in the State of New
orkin which extensive combinations of active
men were banded together in office and out;
I did not act as counsel for the Government
in unearthing and breaking up these combina-
tions and exposing the actors ; I did not de-
vote upward of four months of patient labor
in an attempt to arrest the enormous robberies
and wrongs which prevailed in the State of
New York, nor did I make an assault upon this
bureau here, without coun'ting the cost and
knowing the consequences.
I was prepared for all the calumnies and
all the responsibility that he must take who
strikes at the thieves, marauders, and miscreants
who have fattened upon the necessities and
needs of their country. I knew the resources
and the desperation of the men who have
made wealth out of the public woe. I under-
stood perfectly that I must be prepared for all
comers of this description, and it was to this
that I referred in the avowal of my readiness
to maintain my allegations of wrong in tho
Provost Marshal Bureau at all tim es and places.
I will not say " elsewhere," for fear of unset-
tling the nerves of some who hear rue; but avoid-
ing the expression "elsewhere," which is so
dreadful, I say that I did not forget nor did I
desire to avoid the responsibility of being asked
to make good by proof the accusations I made;
of course 1 expected, by dispatches to news-
papers instigated by Geueral Fry and his satel-
lites, by every mode, secret and open, of influ-
encing the public judgment, and diverting
attention from the objects of accusation, to be
vilified; and [ hoped to be permitted, if not
invited, to point out to some authority compe-
tent to receive and act upon it the evidence on
which I relied. That opportunity will be af-
forded if a committee shall be raised; and now
I wish to call attention to three or four things
contained in the letter of General Pry, and I
will not go further on fliis occasion.
It is stated by this officer, as tho House
has heard, that upon a certain occasion I tele-
graphed to tho Secretary of' War in the lan-
guage of the communication, as I caught it,
in order '' to make a case for myscl f;" that is,
to procure my own professional employment.
It was said that my dispatch was to the effect
that the provost marshal of my district wanted
advice. Let me slate that transaction, all of
it being matter of record in tho War Depart-
ment, so that it can be unmistakably verified
or challenged.
An alleged deserter was arrested by the pro-
vost marshal of my district without the process
of any court. A writ of habeas corpus was
sued out of tho supreme court of the State of
New York. Acting upon a decision which
had been made years before in a western case,
and an opinion, or rather a charge, given a
grand jury by Mr. Justice Nelson, of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, the officer
made a return, in substance, that although no
process of law had been issued for the arrest,
he, as a military officer of the United States,
held his prisoner and refused to obey the man-
date of the writ. An attachment was issued
and we were on the point of collision between
the civil and the military authorities. I tel-
egraphed the Secretary of War nothing ex-
cept the facts, and my recommendation that he
should direct tho officer what to do. There
was need of this. It was in 18GD ; a time in
the State of New York when my colleagues
well remember that it would only have been
necessary that a collision should have occurred
between the civil authority of tho State and
the military authority of the nation upon the
issue of the habeas corpus and the effect would
have been like drawing a match in a magazine
of powder.
The Secretary of War telegraphed that the
provost marshal must hold his prisoner at all
events. I do not now profess to give the pre-
cise language, but it was that he must hold him
and stand by his position, and the dispatch
requested me to appear as his counsel, to take
an appeal, and to argue the question between
the military authorities of the United States
and the judicial authority of New York.
I did appear ; I did argue the case, and
although that is neither here nor there, t!ie
decision was reversed, and reversed by one of
the purest patriots and one of the most hon-
ored judges that ever graced New York's bench,
and the decision stands as a monument of
learning raised-at a most critical and disordered
time.
An appeal was taken to the court in banc.
And there again I was requested by the Secre-
tary of War, and I think the Attorney General
upon the application of the district attorney
of the United States, to act as counsel, and I did
so. The decision was not reversed, and it per-
formed a very useful part at a very important
juncture.
That, Mr. Speaker, was my connection with
that transaction, and that was all of it; and
upon this, an officer at the head of a bureau
has dared to send here a letter on pretense of
defending himself, containinga groundless libel
deliberately written to stab the reputation of a
Representative in retaliation for discharging his
duty here.
I do not mean to be led into much zeal over
the matter; but it is a bad plan for a man
unjustly accused to resort to this sort of coun-
ter assault.
Again, this writer states that I was appointed,
if I understand it aright, without the knowl-
edge or assent of tho Secretary of War, but by
the Assistant Secretary, Mr. Dana, judge ad-
vocate for a certain purpose. Let me state
briefly that transaction. During the period
referred to, or before, detectives were sent by
the War Department into the State of New
York, to endeavor to ferret out, if possible,
and put a stop to frauds in recruiting. These
detectives, it seems, had been directed by the
authorities to apply to me, among others, for
adviec and information as to persons in vari-
ous localities whoso statements could be relied
on. They came, several of them, and repeat-
edly, to me. They came in the night as well
as in the day, and communicated to me various
fragments and bits of evidence which they col-
lected, showing rather the extent of the evil,
and the difficulty of getting at the bottom of it
than anything else.
Weeks elapsed, and "very little information
was gathered, or, as they expressed it, although
they could get moral evidence enough, they
could get no legal evidence. At length i prom-
ised that when I should be relieved ot' engage-
ments in the courts which were then pressing,
I would investigate, as far as I could, various
things which they and I suspected. I did so;
and I sent to the War Department-such infor-
mation as I gathered, and some very pregnant
disclosures which were made. Having done
this, acting as a citizen, 1 supposed my con-
nection with it was to cease. But afterward—
I cannot state the date precisely; it was in
April, a year ago—1 received in the city of
Syracuse, fifty-three miles from my home, while
I was there professionally engaged, an urgent
telegraph from the Secretary of War, asking
me to come to Washington. As soon as I
could release myself 1 took the cars, and, riding
night and day, reached here in ignorance of
the purpose for which 1 was summoned. Ar-
riving here in the morning, I went to the War
Department, and there bad an interview with
Mr. Stanton, the Secretary of War. He ex-
plained his sending for me, and stated to me
certain facts, and I stated to him other facts
relative to the subject of frauds and malad-
ministration ; and heproposed that, as counsel
for the Government, 1 should investigate and
prosecute, until the enormities discovered
should be ferreted out and the guilty con-
victed. I at first declined, for reasons con-
nected with my other professional engage-
ments, knowing that preparatory to leaving
homo for the present session of Congress I
should need all my time and strength in my
ordinary business.
In my place, I suggested to the Secretary a
gentleman, whose name I need not mention
here, but it is one of the best and purest names
in the State of New York, a gentleman of very
high standing at the bar, and whom I hoped
might be able to give the matter his attention,
and I advised that to him rather than to me the
retainer should be given. The answer of the
Secretary was in effect, no, I know you, and I
want you to do this, believing you will do it
with activity and vigor, or some like remark of
confidence. 1 took some little time to consider
it, debating with myself. Upon reflection, !
assented, and the Secretary himself directed in
person and in my presence to lie drawn up and
presented to me a retainer which I believe has
been read among these papers. That, sir, was
the origin of that engagement, and of that trans-
