1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
there is timber enough there untouched to supply
all the pressing wants of the South.
But my main object, is to reply to the argu-
ment presented by the distinguished chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means. I call
attention to his remarks by reading the follow-
ing lines from what he offered to fortify the
pending bill:
"Whenwe abandoned all duties on lumber under
tne treaty, the effect was not to reduce the price in
American maikels, but the value of lumber increased
in tiic Provinces."
* I thank the honorable chairman for the weight,
of his considerate testimony to my observations
oftlie history of the lumber market in the States.
It will be observed by his statement of facts
that afrthe commencement of the treaty domes-
tic competition had so perfectly adjusted the
legitimate value that the influx of Canadian lum-
ber free of duty had no perceptible effect upon
the markets. Instead of the quantity supplied
by the Provinces cheapening the price, rates
remained precisely as they were before the
treaty.went into operation. In other words,
Canadian lumber possessed no control over the
markets in the Stares.
Now, sir, the proposition of the Committee
of Ways and Means is to fix a grade of duty of
one dollar on a valuation of seven dollars and
under, two dollars on a valuation of over seven
and under twelve, and three dollars on all over
twelve dollars. 1 advocate a uniform duty of
three dollars per thousand feet on all pine lum-
ber brought into the markets of the States. The
gentleman from Massachusetts has well ob-
served that a uniform method is preferable. I
coinei.de with him for its practical simplicity
not only, but because we are thereby only placed
upon a par with Canada stumpage. The value
of the timber standing in Canada is less than
twenty-five cents per thousand, and in the
States ranging fioni two to six dollars per thou-
sand. This price of three dollars is only placing
timber .standing in the States upon a par with
that of Canada.
Mr. Chairman, if we could be assured of an
honest invoice of the qualities of the lumber
coming from the Provinces into the markets
of the States, I would not so urgently press a
modification of the bill. But the plan it pro-
poses will in practice prove nothing less than
a legalized bid for misrepresentations of quali-
ties and values—a system of shrewd practice,
to say 1he least of it, to a,void the higher rates
of duty. The prevalence of continued smug-
gling along the border, notwithstanding the ut-
most vigilance of officers of both countries, is
a fitting comment upon a system so prejudicial
to good morals and so disastrous to public reve-
nue. If honesty is to prevail in the workings
of the graded method and the dutiable lumber
supplied of fhe higher qualify subject in prac-
tice to three dollars per thousand, according to
the bill, and the Canadian lumber being admit-
ted to be mostly of the higher grades, why this
opposition to the simpler method of a uniform
duty of three dollars on all classes received, if
the result is to be practically the same? Why
tenaciously hold to the complex scheme and
reject the uniform method? Such persistency
bodes no good faith in the workings of the
graduated system. I am. totally opposed to
making the United States a party to commercial
fraud.
A labored effort has been made b) a large
and influential delcga'ion from the Provinces,
tecently here, to secure the adoption of the
features of the bill as reported. I will not
charge that, delegation with intentional misrep-
resentation of facts, but I will call attention of
the committee to an article bearing upon the
profits of the lumber business, which by some
accident, if not design, recently appeared in the
Intelligencer. It, is copied from the Cincinnati
Tiniest and purports to be taken from the De-
troit Free Press. It is headed a "swindle;"
doubtless meant to be a financial swindle. I
will characterize it more properly a diplomatic
s\i indie.
Here is the article:
THE LUMIiEK SWINDLE.
Muskegon, Michigan, is a prodigious lumber region.
The Detroit Free Press gives statistics of twenty-six
mills, which are valued at $746,000, and which are ca-
pable of cutting 147,000,000 feet. They employ 930
men, and from September to April about 3,000 men are
employed in the forests cutting and haulm? logs to
the stream, which are rolled upon the ice and left to
float down when it breaks up. Each log is branded
with the owner's name. There were cut last season
1-12,799,866 feet, worth atthemills therespectablesum
of $21,419,979. The salaries paid are $1,300 to $2,000 to
foremen and engineers, S3 to SI per day to sawyers,
and from $2 to $2 25 for laborers.
■ The salaries and wages paid are about as follows:
To foremen and engineers  $208,000
To sawyers  136,000
To laborers at. the mills  402,000
To loggers in the forests  900,000
Total  1,646,000
Value of product  21,419,979
Balance to proprietors ^19,773,979
With lhat profit theproprietorsrealizo at least one
hundred per cent, on the capital invested; and yet
they cry out for a. duty on Canada lumber to protect
them a*;ainst competition ! Wethink thcpcoplehave
some rights in this matter, one of which is the right
to lumber as cheap as it can bo afforded. Of course
thev will not get, protection unless the people shall
make themselves felt at Washington.—Cincinnati
Timrs.
Now, sir, I read from the Detroit Adverti-
ser and Tribune the correct statement of this
noted swindle. Instead of §21,419,979 as the
total value of the manufactured product which
would be at the rate of S150 per thousand
feet, the true value as shown by the Tribune
is §2, 141,997, at the rate of fifteen dollars per
thousand, feet, the average valuation at the
mills. The swindle makes out a profit of the
enormous sum of $19,773,979, while the fact
exhibits but §495,979. Permit me, Mr. Chair-
man, to analyze this profit so as to completely
veutilatethis swindle. The cost of the amount
manufactured was §1,G10,000; the interest on
§900,000, the value of logs and loggings at
seven per cent, is $03,000 ; insurance of mills
valued at §740,000 at seven and a half per
cent. §55,950; depreciation of mill value of
§740,000 at ten per cent, is $74,000; com-
mission and inspection on sales of 142,799,860
feet, and loss by navigation five per cent., is
§107,099 ; making an aggregate of Si.940,049,
which deducted from the §2,1 H,007, leaves a
net profit of §195,348. which is an average
profit of §1 ">7 per thousand feet. Before t
pass from this exposure, 1 wish to express my
obligations for the opportunity of placing upon
the records of Congress the fact that Muskegon,
in the district in Michigan which I have the
honor to represent on this floor, is the largest
dumber manufacturing locality in the United
States, and I take pleasure in thus paying a
merited tribute to the enterprise, ingenuity,
and sagacity of the lumbermen of Muskegon;
adding, to their high credit, that manufacturing
■is there done more perfectly and scientifically
than any other place in the States, and I might
with piopriety say in the world.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. I renew it. Sir, I was de-
lighted at tne position taken by the able Rep-
resentative from Massachusetts [Mr. Raxks]
with regard to the present condition of fhe coun-
try—a position which he has always taken when-
ever a debate has risen here involving the inter-
ests of the southern people. There is nothing
more handsome andliberal than for the gentle-
man to undertake to represent the southern
country. And when he informs us that in our
action here we are about to interfere with or
promote the interests of the southern people
he speaks in trumpet tones, in a deeper basso
titan ever.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of order.
I do not desire to make it against the gentleman
on the other side, but I do propose to confine
gentlemen to the bill.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask that the gentleman
listen and not interrupt my argument, which is
as good as his arguments generally are, which
cover the whole surface of the earth in order to
protect the marble of Vermont. I understand
what. I am about, and I know very well what
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Morrill]
is about. His object is to protect Vermont.
He seeks to interrupt me while I am aiding the
able Representative from Massachusetts [Mr.
Baxks] in demanding of this House a fair
representation of the southern country.
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts knows
that the question of lumber is the one involved
here. It is with regard to furnishing a market
for lumber. Now, there is no better field of
enterprise in the lumber business than the State
of North Carolina. The oak, hemlock, and
pine of that region are as valuable to this Gov-
ernment as they were before the war, when the
whole country was represented here.
Mr. MORRILL. Sir. Chairman 
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman interrupts
me without cause. I am speaking to thepoint.
More than that, this treaty, of which this is a
clause, is but a pretext for a tariff, covering up
a scheme of protection whereby the Constitu-
tion of the United States is to be overridden.
Representation and taxation go together. The
Constitution declares that—
" Representation and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their sespect-
ivo numbers, which shall be determined," &c.
The lumber interest of the South, and of my
own district that sends as noble ships on the
ocean as any other, demands that in your ad-
justment of this treaty you look to the interest
of this country, and not, as the gentleman who
preceded me said, to the suggestions of the able
delegates from Canada. The gentleman from
Vermont trembles, by proximity to Canada,
for the interest of his taction; and he is sen-
sitive whenever the interests of the South are
alluded to in competition with his own locality.
I admire the magnanimity of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Air. Banks,] whose inti-
mate relations with the southern people give
him an influence and power on this floor.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I rise for the pur-
pose of giving the floor to my colleague, [Mr.
peiu: y. ]
Mr. PERRY. I feel exceedingly obliged to
my colleague [Mr. TuowEumcE] for granting
me his time to finish what I had to say. The
exhibit 1 gave of the profits upon lumber the
last season proves that notwithstanding prices
ruled higher than any former year, expenses
of material and labor were so great that the
business was less remunerative than the preced-
ing years. Let me be understood as speaking
of manufacturers simply, for it is upon the basis
of the value of lumber at the mills that my
statement is founded. And in this connection
I will add another fact, that for the past fifteen
years seven out of every ten lumber manu-
facturers have failed. Gentlemen are mis-
taken about manufacturers making such great
profits upon their business. It is the dealers,
having yards where the different qualities are
selected, stuck up, seasoned, and sold, that
make the principal profits. These middle-men
between the manufacturer and consumer invest
largely, take the risks of the season market,
paying large yard-rents and insurance, who
make the money; and like every other agent,
banker, or factor, if consumers find it for their
interest to purchase of them, they must, pay the
current rates demanded by their practical
agents. The farmer, mechanic, or consumer
can. as well as the dealer, purchase upon the
market by cargoes and save the. profits which
the dealer bides his time to receive; but if he
prefers not to invest so largely at once and
throws the risks of the market, upon a class
known as dealers, then he should not complain
of dealers' prices. In adjusting a proper duty,
therefore, upon lumber coming from a foreign
country, we should at least place our own upon
a par with another, fix the duty at three dol-
lars, as proposed by the amendment, and you
