1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a republican form of government in each of
those States.
Neither party sought to take from the people
of those States the right to choose their Gover-
nors and Legislatures, and to have their own
judicial officers, nor to take away the right of
representation in a national Government.
But the real issue was whether these officers
would bear allegiance to the Federal Union or
to the rebel confederacy. Neither party strug-
gled to take from the people of those States
their right to govern themselves, under their
own State laws—which, after all, is republican
government—nor to disturb the great body of
those State laws. Except in so far as they aided
the Union or the rebel cause, neither sought to
make any change, or claimed the right to make
any, whatever. It is true that slavery, to defend
which was the avowed object of the rebellion,
and which became daring the war the chief
support of its armies, was put directly in issue.
It was the comer-stone of their confederacy;
and when the confederacy fell its corner-stonc
was of course buried in its ruins. I can affirm,
then, that neither the State nor its government,
neither its office of Governor, its Legislature,
or its judiciary, were, during the rebellion,
/ sought to be destroyed or changed in any man-
ner by either belligerent parly, any further than
it bore upon the question of allegiance to the
Union upon one side, or to the rebel confed-
eracy upon the other, and to the existence or
the destruction of slavery.
But for slavery, and questions growing out
of it, and ambitions and ideas fostered by it,
there never would have been any rebellion at all.
No change was sought in the" status of the
States, in the forms of their governments, or in
their laws, except for or on account of slavery
alone.
Take the case of Georgia, the empire State
of the South. Did the rebellion attempt to de-
stroy the State of Georgia, as a State? Not at
all. It did attempt to dissolve all relations with
the United States, and transfer them to the re-
bellious confederacy; to throw off allegiance
. to the Federal Constitution, and come under
the confederate constitution; in short, to take
Georgia as a State out of the Union and put
it into another union, in a new confederation.
Had the rebellion succeeded, would the State of
Georgia have been destroyed? It would cer-
tainly have ceased to be a Stale in this Union, but
it would have still existed as a powerful State, not
as a Territoiy, in its new political relations. The
great body of its constitution would remain the
same, the great body of its civil and criminal
laws the same, as before the rebellion. All the
laws on contracts, bargain, sale, and conveyance
of real estate ; all the laws concerning real or
personal estate; the laws of marriage; the fam-
ily relations; and generally all the rights and
remedies affecting persons and property and
personalliberty, would have remained the same.
No effort was made materially to change them.
The only effect, in case the rebellion had suc-
ceeded, would have been to make Georgia a
State outside of this Union, a State in another
Union.
Now that the rebellion has utterly failed to
put the State of Georgia into a new union, did
the attempt to do so, and the crushing of that
attempt, put Georgia as a State out of this
Union? or destroy Georgia as a State in this
Union? or reduce Georgia from a State in this
Union to be a Territory? This seems to be the
view advocated by my colleague in his elaborate
and able speech upon this resolution. It is due
to him and to the important questions involved
that I give some further attention to this part
of the subject.
I shall not go over the ground I have already
trod; I will only observe that it is beyond be-
lief to suppose that the people or the State of
Georgia themselves ever intended to reduce
themselves from the condition of a Stale to the
condition of a Territory. Their ruling idea,
their intensest wish, was 10 exalt the State and
make its sovereignty paramount. It was with
them a passion. It became their frenzy. The
United States had no such purpose either.
I have already shown you that by all the
legislation of Congress, by every proclamation
of the President, neither Congress nor the Presi-
dent ever held _ any other language than what
was expressed in the last clause of the resolu-
tion of July 24, 1861, that our purpose was to
maintain the "supremacy of the Constitution
and all laws made in pursuance thereof, and to
preserve the Union, with all the dignity, equal-
ity, and rights of the several States unimpaired.''
But to pursue the case of Georgia a little
further. While, as I have shown, neither party
belligerent sought to destroy, and both sought
to save and to hold the State of Georgia, the
one as a State in this Union, and the other as
a State in the rebel confederation, did the issue
of arms, which dccided it should not be a State
in the confederation, and should remain under
the supremacy of the Constitution, reduce
Georgia to the territorial condition, against her
awn wish and the avowed purpose of Congress?
•i have already shown that Georgia was not
changed from a State to a Territory by the re-
bellion. Was it so changed by our crushing
the rebellion?
I admit that, pending the progress of this
great civil war, the greatest the world ever saw,
the growth of military power was such in all
those States of the South as to almost suspend
the civil laws—certainly during the last two
years of the rebellion; that rebel martial law
dominated the whole confederacy, and subjected
at will the civil law to its dominion. It became
for the time being a bloody rebel military des-
potism.
When our armies entered Georgia and over-
come the rebel army, then what was the effect?
The first and immediate effect was to substi-
tute Union martial rule for rebel martial rule.
Neither the one nor the other, as wo have seen,
destroyed the existence of the State. But it
did what war always does, more or less, sus-
pended for the time being the civil laws and the
functions of ci\ il government in the clash of
arms. It neither suspended nor destroyed the
Stale, but it changed the ruling power in it
from the commander of the rebel army to the
commander of the Union army.
Just before General Sherman entered Geor-
gia, what was the law of Georgia? The will
of the rebel general. Just after his surrender,
what became the law of Georgia then? The
will of General Sherman, under the Command-
er-in-Chief, both under the Constitution of the
United States. The whole people of Georgia,
black and white, bondand fiee, became subject,
for the time being, to military rule, subject to
military control, under the laws of war. Of all
governments the military is most despotic. It is
concentrated despotism, despotism without any
mixture. lie could have wasted every field,
burned every dwelling, sacked every town,
pressed every man into service. He did cap-
ture and set free every slave. I may here say
those slaves are our prisoners, captives which
we have taken from their master^; and by the
agencies of the Freedmen's Bureau, under the
War Department, we are now endeavoring to
make them free in fact, as well as in right.
There was not a horse or mule he could not
have taken; not a man, woman, or child he
could not have sent out of the State or employed
in any service he might have deemed necessary
or useful to put down the rebellion, to put an
end to the war, which the law of nations does
not foibid.
But did General Sherman destroy or intend
to destroy the State of Georgia? Did the Pres-
ident order him to destroy it? By no means.
He went to save, not to destroy. Did Congress'
direct the President to destroy it? ' No; but it
did directhim, in tli 9 most solemn form, to pros-
ecute the war to preserve Georgia as a State in
the Union, with all its "dignity, equality, and
rights unimpared," and that when that object
was accomplished the war ought to cease. To
that end Congress clothed the President with
greater military power than any nation has de-
veloped in modern times. And all this tremen-
dous power of the President is conferred bylaw
of Congress, Nothing, in my judgment, can be
more certain than that Congress has by law ex-
pressly delegated to the President the-power to
do all he has done in those States,,or it has im-
posed upon him duties which necessarily in-
volved or implied all the powers he has exercised. .
By the act of July 22, 1861, the President was
authorized to accept five hundred thousand vol-
unteers for the purpose of suppressing insur-
rection, '1 provided that the services of the vol-
unteers shall be for such time as the President
may direct, not exceeding three years; nor less
than six months, and they shall be disbanded
at the end of the war.'' Disbanded by whom ?
By the President. When disbanded? At the
end of the war.
Congress by this and other acts authorizes the
President to put into the field nearly two mil-
lion soldiers to put down this rebellion; to use
every means on sea and on land known to civ-
ilized warfare to put an end to the war; Con-
gress expressly directs him to disband the vol-
unteers at the end of the war, and by act of
July 29, 1861, to reduce the standing Army to
twenty-five thousand within one year after the
end of the "existing insurrection and rebel-
lion."
But what shall constitute the end of the war?
Congress, by resolution of July 24, unanimously
declared the end to be when the supremacy of
the Constitution is reestablished, and the Union
is preserved with the rights, equality, and dig-
nityof every State unimpaired. Congress also
declares that the reduction of the standing Army
shall take place within "one year after the con-
stitutional authority of the Government of the
United States shail be reestablished, and or-
ganized resistance to such authority shall no
longer exist''—that is, one year after the end
of tile war. It is not, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and my colleague seem to suppose,
to end when those eleven States shall bo re-
duced from their position of States in the Union
with their " dignity, equality, and rights unim-
paired,'' to the condition of Territories, which
are mere dependencies, with no dignity, no
equality, no rights under the Constitution, ex-
cept to be governed by the absolute will of a
Congress in which they have no representation,
or to be held by the despotism of the sword.
The end of the war was to be the suppression
of the rebellion and the maintenance of the
Union, under the Constitution, unbroken.
But who is to judge when the constitutional
authority of the Government is reestablished?
Who is to judge when the organized resistance
to such authority has ceased ? Upon whom rests
the responsibility of deciding these questions?
Congress expressly says the volunteers shall
be employed as long as the " P-regident shall
direct; that he shall disband them at the end
of the war; and reduce the regular Army one
year after constitutional authority shall be re-
established and organized resistance no longer
exist."
The President alone is made the judge of the
time when the insurrection is suppressed and
when the Army shall be withdrawn. It is ho
power and no responsibility assumed by him in
derogation of law. It is expressly imposed upon
him by Congress as a duty. Congress by law
authorized and required the President,
First, to raise the Army.
Second, to suppress the insurrection, and re-
establish the supremacy of the Constitution.
Thijd, to preserve the Union of the States
with their rights in the Union unimpaired.
Fourth, to judge and determine when those
ends arc attained.
Fifth, after those ends shall be attained, to
disband the Army, and return the soldiers once
more to the pursuits of peace.
In short, Congress not only empowered, bur,
required, the President to perform a twofold
duty: one, to make war; and the other, to
stop making war after its end is reached ; in
other words, to make peace; the first, to draw
and wield the sword ; the second, after making
peace, to return it to its scabbard.
The first of these great duties, namely, draw-
ing the sword and wielding it, rested mainly
upon President Lincoln. The second, namely,
