272
THE COTOlISSIOIfAL OLOBI.
January 17,
"making peaee, and then sheathing the sword,
rests m&wily upon his successor; although most
fortoHiateiy, for him, and for the whole people,
•Mr. Lincoln had already entered uponthegreat
.work-of reconstruction, of making peace, in or-
der fcobeable, after peace had come—to borrow
his own beautiful language, after '' peace had
come, and come to stay," to fulfill that other
great duty imposed upon him by the laws of
Congress, namely, to disband -his immense
Armyand gendthem home ;-in aword, to restore
a nation's peaee, in a union of States and peo-
ple.under the Constitution, with "their rights
unimpaired,"-and, after that great work, theend
and object of all our struggles and sacrifices,
was done, to sheathe the nation's sword. While
he lived, Mr. Lincoln performed these duties,
and perfeumed them well. It is true, there
wer.e some mistakes in the beginning; with
our inexperience and impatience the wonder
is there were not more. Time was neccssary
to accomplish the great work, to educate the
public mind, to prepare the armies, and to find
the leaders who were capable of commanding
them.
How could Mr. Lincoln know, unless gifted
with omniscience, that in the person of a teacher
of a military academy in Louisiana, was to be
found that Major General Sherman, who, like
- -God's flaming minister, at the head of his con-
quering legions, was to sweep through the heart
of the rebellion? How could he know that in
that qixiet, unostentatious citizen of Galena, was
to be found the great captain of the age, Lieu-
tenant General Grant, who knew when, "like
Fabius, to be the cloud, and like Scipio, the
thunderbolt of war ?" Thank Heaven! he found
the great commanders at last, which in God's
own good time brought the final and supreme
victory over the rebellion. Thank God! Mr.
Lincoln was permitted to live until the first great
work of crushing the rebellion was almost done,
and the second hardly less important work ol'
reconstruction was already well begun. I have
already called your attention to his last public
speech just before his assassination, in which, in
gladness of heart whose expression could not be
restrained, for the hope of a righteous and speedy
pcaee, ana in which, also, with a power ot logic
and clearness of statement, and force of illustra-
tion never surpassed in the best efforts of that
great and good man, he explained and defended
and enforced this policy of reconstruction.
It was at such a moment—a moment of most
supreme exaltation—when the prayer of his soul
was answered; when the long night of blood and
agony and tears was past, and the golden light of
the morning ofpcace dawned upon his vision, lie
fell by the .assassin's hand—his consciousness
suspended in an instant. From the acme of
human glory he passed to the glory on high—■
from this mortal to the immortal life—a martyr
to the cause of his country, and of liberty to all
mankind. Tt was what the ancient world would
call an apotheosis.
Thus the great office of President providen-
tially fell upon Mr. Johnson, with all its duties
and all its responsibilities; and the gravest of
them all, now that the armed forces of the re-
_ bellion have surrendered, is this second great
duty of making peace, and then disbanding the
Army. When he took the Presidency there
were more than a million men upon the rolls
of the Army, and many of the rebel armies were
still in the field.
I now come to the consideration of the most
important, and just at this moment perhaps the
most practical, question, namely: what were the
powers and duties imposed by law upon the
President, in closing the war and making peacc,
which, of necessity, must precede the disband-
ing of the Army?
Now, iii the very nature of things, making
peace is just as much an executive duty as
waging war.
Who can know, but the Cummander-in- Chief,
when his adversary yields, when he is destroyed
or captured, surrenders, or makes overtures of
peace ? To whom does the vanquished party
cry for quarter and terms of surrender, but to
him who wields (he sword?
I repeat, sir, making peace is an executive
duty just as much as making war. The law of
Congress which authorized the war authorized
the stopping of the war; the disbanding of the
forces which are employed in it, when the Pres-
ident has finished his work and shall think it
safe and proper to do so; when he is assured
that the war is over, that peace has come,1' and
come to stay."
If we are engaged in war with a foreign coun-
try, when we get through with the war, the
President makes peace. Congress has nothing
to do with it. The President enters into a treaty
of peace, and that treaty is submitted to the
Senate for ratification. If two thirds of the Sen-
ate advise and consent, the treaty is ratified and
peace is made. Congress may declare war,
they do not make peace.
How is peace made in case of a civil war
among ourselves? When we overcome armed
resistance to our laws and the Constitution,
which is civil war, when the insurgents shall,
in good faith, submit themselves to the laws
and the Constitution, peace follows of course.
Peace has already come, for obedience to the
laws is peace.
All the great writers on public law agree that
the whole end and purpose of a just war is to
obtain a just and righteous peace; and having
shown that this duty of making peace has been
placed by Congress upon the President; hav-
ing shown that, from the necessities of the case,
such a duty is executive, and therefore, in its
nature, impossible to be done by Congress ex-
cept through the Executive, I proceed to in-
quire with whom, and in what way, is the Presi-
dent to make that peace which was the objeet
of the war on our part, and which was a condi-
tion precedent to withdrawing the Army ? That
involves this other inquiry, who and what was
or is at war.against the United States?
First of all, the rebel army.
No one can doubt the power of the President
to deal with that—to fight it; crush it, capture
it, or accept its surrender, with or without con-
ditions. If upon conditions, these conditions
bind the good faith not only of the Executive
but of the United States.
In the terms of Lee's capitulation there was
an important condition inserted, binding the
good laith of the United States, namely,, that,
upon condition of their obedience to the laws,
the officers and soldiers of the rebel armies
should not bo disturbed by the authorities of
the United States. What member of Congress,
what man. in or out of Congress, would pro-
pose a violation, on our part, of that stipula-
tion ?
There is, in the second place, the people of
those Suites, who have been declared in insur-
rection, who, from giving aid and comfort to
the rebellion, have incurred the crime of trea-
son against the United States, and who are lia-
ble, upon trial and conviction, to forfeit their
property, their citizenship, and oven their lives.
What power has the President, under the
Constitution and laws, to deal with these un-
armed insurgents ? First, under the Constitu-
tion, he has the power to pardon and restore
to citizenship, either before or after convic-
tion; he has the power of amnesty, upon such
terms and conditions as he shall judge most
conducive to the peaee of the country.
if, as many contend, the insurgents are to be
treated only in their capacity of individuals,
and not in their capacity as States, this power
of pardon alone would cover the whole case,
and he could restore all to citizenship.
But he had another power over them under
the laws of Congress; and J now inquire, upon
the surrender ofthe armies, what further power
had the President to deal with those persons
who, though not found in arms, were still equally
guilty by aiding and abetting the rebellion ? 1
answer, all the power of Commander-in-Chief
exercising military rule in those States for the
time being.
By the law of nations, the commander of a
great and conquering army when he enters a
State, for the time being subjects all the civil
laws to military control; his will becomes the
supreme law, and he a temporary dictator. He
may organize a provisional civil government,
as the Supremo Court decided in the case of
Cross against Harrison, to preserve order and
prevent anarchy. Beyond all question, before
withdrawing or disbanding his Army, he had the
power, and it was his imperative duty, to know
whether the rebels not found in arms, who, as
many insist, were a large majority of the peo-
ple of those States, had also submitted and
surrendered the rebel cause. Had he at once
withdrawn the Union Army upon the surrender
of the rebel army, who knows bat that another
rebel army would have been raised at once to
"fight against the Government? It was as much
his duty, therefore, under the laws of Congress,
for him to make sure of their submission before
withdrawing the troops as it was to make sure
of the surrender of their armies. Without their
submission his work would have been only half
done. He therefore had a right—ay, sir, it
was his imperative duty—to deal directly with
the unarmed rebels as well as with their mil-
itary forces, which he could do both as mili-
tary commander, and as holding the power to
pardon.
But there arc some who maintain that the
States, as bodies politic, in their State capacity
waged this war upon the Government. With-
out admitting or denying this assumption, grant,
for the sake of the argument, that to be so, what
power and duty would, in that view ofthe case,
be imposed upon the President by law of Con-
gress? I answer, to deal with the States as
belligerents.
If the States, as such, were in rebellion and
waging war against the United States, then, of
course, the law authorizing the President to
prosecute the war against the rebellion of ne-
cessity authorized the President to prosecute
the war against the States; and, as he was not
authorized to disband the Army until the war
was over, and as the war could not be over until
the States submitted to the conditions of peace,
the President had the power and it became his
duty to deal directly with the States upon the
terms and conditions of peace. It was just as
much anecessity for him to know that the
States submitted and accepted the terms of
peace, as that their armies should surrender,
before he disbanded the Army of the United
States. The object of all legitimate war is to
conquer a peace.
If the States, as such, were at war'against the
United States, the capture of an army would not
end the war so long as they should remain hos-
tile. The Army was to be reduced when "or-
ganized resistance" should no longer exist. So
long as organized States are at war against the
Government organized resistance does exist,
and he could not disband the Army. Had he
immediately upon the surrender of the armed
forces disbanded our Army, leaving the States
still at war, there would be no peace, and could
be no peace; and peace was to be a condition
l^recedent to his disbandment of the Army. All
the writers on the law of nations concur that the
only lawful purpose of war is peace. The Pres-
ident, therefore, being authorized by law to make
peace, was empowered to deal with all the par-
ties at war against the United States, namely,
with the rebel army; with all the rebel insur-
gents, whether they are to be regarded as act-
ing in their individual capacity, or in their
organized political capacity as the people of a
State.
I now inquire, what must be the terms and
conditions of peace in order to put an end to
civil war in these United States ? I answer, the
Constitution of the United States is the para-
mount and indissoluble bond of union and re-
lationship and peace among the several States.
An attempt to overthrow that is civil war. Sub-
mission to that is peace. Therefore, neither
the President, nor Congress, nor the Supreme
Court, nor all put together, can make any other
treaty of peace or bond of relationship among
the States. Nothing short of successful rev-
olution, or of a decision of the sovereign people
ofthe United States to amend that Constitution,
can change the relationship between the States
