2296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
action. Yet,'the author of the remarkable pro-
duction on the table ventures to insinuate, it' he
does not state, that I sought this employment,
and obtained it, not from the Secretary of War,
bat from Mr. Duna, and that without the author-
ity or assent, and 1 think without the knowledge,
of the Secretary. 1 went to ray home, disre-
garding and neglecting, as some persons who
now hear me know, professional employments
vastly more profitable to me, and devoted more
than four months of inostuntiring, faithful labor
to this investigation. I threw up numerous
Cither retainers and gave undivided attention to
this. 1 gave to it an effort which, although
anybody else might have made it, and which
did me no credit in the world, i stop to say,
brought into the Treasury of the United States
several hundred thousand dollars, and checked
a most heady tide of swindling.
The investigation led, among other things,
to the trial of this assistant provost marshal
general, of whom General Fry says so much,
and yet so little; a trial which alone consumed
about eight weeks, at places distant from my
home. When at last it was over, 1 declined
to go further, thinking my poor share had been
done, and finding it destructive to my regular
business to engage in trials so interminable
and absorbing, and I made report to the War
Department and to the district attorney of the
Untied States of the results which had been
reached.
Some time after this, I received as other
acting counsel do, I believe, a suggestion that
I should present my bill.
I made out and sent to the War Department
an account of the precise sum I had actually
advanced in money, as traveling and other
necessary expenses, rendering the amount to a
farthing, and 1 made out no other account and
no other charge. But i stated to the Secre-
tary that I preferred not to do so, but to leave
him to fix the amount; that the service was
unusual to me, and that he better than i could
judge of ils value. I declined to fix any charge,
but left it to him to lix such sum, whatever it
might be, as he deemed the service worth;
this L deemed at least fair to the Government,
more than fair, for had 1 wished extravagant
pay I should have taken any other couise.
in reply i received from the Sacietary of
War a letter, in which he stated his opinion,
and his opinion as a lawyer and as Secretary
of War is a tolerably good one. Perhaps it
■will not be considered a remark too much
aside, .considering the intimations we have
heard, if I pause, and render to the Secretary
of War my personal thanks, and my testimony
to the thanks which 1 believe the nation owes
him for the integrity, the courage, and the
manhood which he has given at the expense
of his health to the American people during
the darkest passage iu their life. The Secre-
tary of War, in reply to my letter, wrote to me,
saying that he deemed So,000 a moderate sum
for the labor which had been performed, and
if that should be satisfactory to me, it would
be very satisfactory to him. I returned an
answer that it was entirely satisfactory, as I
may say any other sum he might have fixed
would have been, as I did not consider it an
occasion out of which profit was to be made,
or in which even such a charge might be made
as any lawyer lit to conduct such a prosecu-
tion would have expected from a private client.
Mr. ROSS. If it will not discompose the
gentlemau too much, I would ask iiim to state
whether that was during the time he was draw-
ing pay as a member of Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not quite under-
stand the pertinence of the question of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Boss.] But I will
endeavor to enlighten him. He probably knows,
for I presume that information ha3 extended
to him, that the term of members of Congress
commences on the 4th of March. And as the
retainer which I have spoken of was in April,
which, I will inform the gentleman, is a month
that comes after March in the calendar, he will
very likely be able, by the rule of three, or
by some other rule with which he is familiar,
to cipher out whether I was a member of Con-
gress at the time or not. I suppose the gen-
tleman put his question all in the way of good
nature; and I give my explanation to him in
the same way.
I should be sorry to suppose that the mem-
ber from Illinois, or any other member of this
House—indeed, I should be sorry as an Ameri-
can to suppose that the standard of intelligence
anywhere in the country is so-low,that any
human being, unless it be that distinguished
mathematician and warrior, Provost Marshal
General Fry, believes that there is the slightest
impropriety in a man who is a member of Con-
gress practicing his profession as counsel in
courts, or accepting from the Government of
the United States or from any other client a
retainer for such professional services. It
would be very extraordinary, indeed, if some
distinguished gentlemen, whom I will not name,
who have recently performed most conspicuous
professional services for the Government while
they were members of Congress, had subjected
themselves to the criticism of the gentleman
from Illinois, or of anybody whatever, always
excepting, of course, Provost Marshal General
So much for that part of this bundle of pa-
pers given to a pretended statement of the
circumstance of my acting as counsel for the
United States.
I come to the next point which occurs to me.
There is a statement, if I apprehended it
aright, that some effort was made by me to
have "concealment"—I think that was the
word—in rpgard to the twenty-first congres-
sional district. That is mere assertion. No
circumstances are stated upon which it could
be founded, therefore I cannot dissect it, but I
pronounce the statement utterly and absolutely
groundless—nothing whatever of truth can be
found in it. On the contrary, in the investi-
gation which took place before the court-mar-
tial to which reference has been made, every-
thing that could be investigated pertaining to
the twenty-first congressional district'was inves-
tigated. The matter of recruiting there was
held up, that the light might shine through and
through it; and nothing in that statement
amazes me more than that the Provost Mar-
shal General or anybody else should dare, even
in so daring a document, to put on record an
assertion so utterly baseless.
So far I have noticed only some of the more
far-fetched libels in these papers. I come
now to the question which was made by the
member who causes this letter to be read, the
pretense that it in some way bolstered up the
assertions made by him the other day. This
letter was read in part, we were told, to show
that I was not warranted in pronouncing untrue
the statement that I had had personal " quar-
rels" with the Provost Marshal General. I
beg leave, Mr. Speaker, to remind gentlemen
of the precise statement which on that occasion
I pronounced untrue. The member from
Maine said—I read from the Globe—
" I do not suppose that the House of Represent-
atives care anything more than the Committee on
Military Affairs about the great recruiting frauds of
New York or t.hequarrels ofthegentlemanfromNew
Yoik with Genera] Fry. in which quarrels, it is gen-
erally understood, the gentleman came out second
best at the War Department."
I will not stop to read further (although I
propose to have all I have marked inserted in
my remarks) the various forms in which the
statement was made that I had had personal
quarrels with Provost Marshal General Fry.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the gentleman will
read the whole. If he will show me the word
1! personal'' in the speech to which he is reply-
ing, I will reward him. He cannot do it. He
is putting his own interpretation upon it. Let
the gentleman read all that he is going to print.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I hope
the active member from Maine will preserve
himself as free from agitation as possible.
Mr. BLAINE. I demand that whatever the
gentleman puts in the Globe he shall read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield to the gentleman from Maine?
Mr, CONKLING. I am not aslced to yield.
The Chair will see that all this interruption is
in defiance of the proprieties of debate. I have
no objection to the member from Maine being
heard, however, at any length he pleases.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. Mypointof orderisthat the
gentleman from New York has no right to insert
m the Globe what is not read either by him-
self or by the Clerk. I object to bis doing so.
The SPEAKEIt. The gentleman has the
right to object to its being printed in the Globe
if it is not read.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, this is a
little episode, I suppose, for the amusement
and diversion of the House. It is quite un-
necessary. The member had better be quiet;
I am entirely disposed to have the whole pas-
saga read; and I will ask to have it read. I
intended to send it to the Globe reporters for
insertion. I suppose the member knew what
had already been printed iu the Globe as com-
ing from him.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman from New
York yield to me a moment?
Mr. C0NKLING._ For what purpose?
Mr. ItOSS. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he was drawing pay as judge advocate
at the same time when he was receiving S3,000
a year from the Government as a member of
Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. I will answer the gentle-
man's question, Mr. Speaker; and I ask the
Clerk to suspend for one moment the reading
till I do so, because nothing interests me in
connection with this matter more than the laud-
able curiosity of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. llosS.]
I beg, Mr. Speaker, to assure the gentleman
"confidentially," as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] would say, and I hope
he will regard it as a confidential communica-
tion, that I never did receive salary as judge
advocate during the period he refers to or dur-
ing any other period ; not one penny. Indeed,
Mr. Speaker, I found myself very unexpectedly
elevated when I saw the announcement in
some paper that this retainer which the Gov-
ernment had given me made me acting judge
advocate for the purpose of trying a case.. It
was merely an employment as counsel; and
the counsel fee which was paid is, I beg to
assure the gentleman, the only compensation
that I ever received for my scrviccs. I never
received any pay as judge advocate during any-
period whatever.
I now ask the Clerk to read the remarks
which I have sent to the desk; all that are
marked. They are the remarks of the member
from Maine.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Speaker, I do not suppose that the Iloufte of
Representatives care anything more than the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs about the great recruiting
frauds in N>'w York, or the quarrels of the gentleman
from New York with General Fry, in which quarrels
it is generally understood the gentleman came out
second best at the War Department. 1 do not think
that such questions ought to bo obtruded here.
"Though the gentleman from New York lias had
some difference with General Fry, yet I take pleasure
in saying that, as I believe, there is not in the Ameri-
can Army a more honorable and high-toned otEcor
than General Fry. That officer, I doubt not, is ready
to meet the gentleman from New York or anybody
else in the proper forum. I must say that I do not
think it is any very eredita.ble proceeding for the
gentleman from New York here in this place to tra-
duce General Fry as a military officer when he has
no opportunity to be heard. I do not consider such
a proceeding the highest specimen of chivalry that
could be exhibited.
"The gentleman from New York has had his issues
with Genera^ Fry at the War Department. They
have been adjudicated upon by the Secretary of War;
and I leave it for the gentleman to say whether he
came out first best.._ I do not know the particulars;
thegentlemanean inform the House. All I have to
say is—and in this I believe I speak the sentiment
of a maiority of the members of this House—that
James B. Fry is a most efficient officer, a high-
toned gentleman, whose character iswithout spot or
blemish; a gentleman who stands second to no o&i-
cerin the American Army; and he is ready to meet
the gentleman from New York and all other accusers
anywhere and everywhere. And, sir, when I hear
the gentleman from New York rehearse in this Ilou-e.
as an impeachment of General Fry, all the detailsof
