1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8257
caso sueh company shall deem such westward con-
nection more practicable or desirable; and in aid of
the construction of so much of its road and telesnaph
liiae as shall he a departure from the route hereinbe-
fore provided for its road, Mich company shall bo
cntit|cd to all the benefits and be subject to all the
conditions and rcstlictions of this act: Provided fur-
ther, however. That the bonds of the United States
shall not be issued to such a company for a-greater
amount than is hereinbefore provided, if the same
had united with the Union Pacific railroad on the
one hundredth degree of longitude; nor shall such
company be entitled to rcccivc any greater amount
of alternate sections of public lands than are also
herein provided.*'
It will lie seen from that that the privilege
of making the junction at a point west of the
one hundredth degree of longitude has been
secured to all these companies for some two
years past. Now, in regard to the Pacific rail-
way, eastern division, it was required by the
statute that that branch, known as the Kansas
branch, should locate its route within a given
period of time, which period has elapsed, and
the object, of the first section of lliis bill is
simply to extend to that branch the right of
locating its route until the 1st of December
next; but the first section requires positively,
in express terms, that the eastern division
shall form a junction with the main stem of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company at some
point not more than fifty miles west of the
meridian of Denver. They are not, therefore,
at liberty to extend their route to a point fur-
ther west than fifty miles west of Denver with-
out forming a junction with the main stem.
"Whether they will form a junction at that
point, or east of that point, is not perfectly
certain. It depends upon their interests, of
course, at what point they will form the junc-
tion ; but they are required positively, bylaw,
to form the junction, so that the eastern divis-
ion may operate at all times as a feeder to the
main trunk, the Union Pacific railroad proper.
The first section, as amended, contains further
language guarding against any misconstruction
of existing statutes upon the subject. It
declares—
That said company shall be entitled to only the
samp amount of the bonds of the United States to
aid in the construction of their lino of railroad and
telegraph as they would have been entitled to if they
had connected their said line with the Union Pacific
railroad on the one hundredth degree of longitude,
as now required by law.
So it gives to the eastern division, in refer-
ence to subsidies, precisely the same right that
it always has possessed, and no further right—
nothing more. They will not be entitled to a
dollar by way of subsidy for any part of their
route west of the one hundredth degree of lon-
gitude. The committee iiave been extremely
careful so to word the bill as to save to the
Government and the public that right.
This explanation, I trust, will be satisfactory
to my friend from Iowa, and ought, I respect-
fully submit, be satisfactory to the Senator from
Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Axthoxy
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Iowa, to
strike out the first section of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will not be
stricken out.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I call for a division.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say one word on
this subject that we may be informed about it.
If the first section of the bill is stricken out,
then there no longer remains to the eastern
division any right to locate its road in any
direction further than it has located it already.
It is withholding from that company the priv-
ilege of malting any further advance in the con-
struction of their road. It puts an end to the
whole enterprise.
Mr. HENDERSON. As is stated by the
Senator from Michigan who has charge of this
bill, if the first section is stricken out there is
nothing remaining in the bill. I presume the
Senator from Iowa has made this motion in
order to test the strength of the bill before the
Senate. If it is stricken out there is nothing
remaining.
It seems that Senators are not acquainted
with the object of this bill. I originally intro-
duced it; I presented the proposition to the
Senate. It is true the committee have made,
in my judgment, some material changes, and
with all due deference to the committee, I do
not think they have carried out all that I de-
signed by the original bill. But it has been
reported back here as the voice of the com-
mittee on the subject, and therefore I shall sup-
port it as the best 1 can get; I cannot do any-
thing more. But, sir, let me say, before the
Senate coincs to any vote upon the proposition,
that if this bill is to be voted down in its pres-
ent shape, I shall appeal to the Senate to repeal
all laws providing for any branch of the Pacific
railroad from the State of Missouri. I do not
intend to present any complaints upon my part
against the action of this body or of the other
House in reference to the condition of legisla-
tion i'or the building of the Pacific railroad.
This is not the proper time to do it. If I were
disposed to do it, I could present, I think to
the satisfaction of every Senator, very serious
grounds of complaint so far as my State is con-
cerned ; but this is not the proper time to do
it. The Senate has not time to hear it, and
perhaps they would not take the time to go
back and examine the law of 18(12 and the law
of 18G4 on the subject. It is a long story, and
would require a great deal to be said.
I stood on this side of the Chamber in 1802
and appealed to the Senate not to do a great
many things that they did do by the bill of' the
1st of J uly, 1802, a lew days before the adjourn-
ment of the session. They passed the Pacific
railroad bill, and they said, we will start the
road at the one hundredth meridian, that is,
we will start a main trunk there, and build it
out to the California line, leaving other com-
panies in Missouri and in Iowa to construct
their roads up to that point, and there unite
with the main road. I have the map before
me, and I hope that any Senator who desires
to do so will take it up and examine it. The
one hundredth meridian is marked upon it. I
appealed to the Senate then to leave the ques-
tion of the point at which the main Pacific
stem should commence an open question. The
Senate ruled me down; and in fixing it, you
will find by one of the first sections of the act
of 18G2 that the initial point of the main Pacific
road was to begin on the one hundredth merid-
ian between the southern valley of the Repub-
lican fork of the Kansas river and the northern
part of the valley of the Platte river, and all
the other branch railroads that were to be con-
structed from the States were to unite at about
that point. I said, " Let us submit this ques-
tion of the beginning point to a survey." I think
the Senator from Kansas will bear me witness
to that, for he now finds that if he had taken
my views then he would have been out of the
trouble he wanted to avoid this morning by his
amendment; but I could not get gentlemen to
listen to me. Those chickens have now come
home to roost. I said, " Let us fix this thing
by absolute survey; let us find where is the
best route; let us find where is the best initial
point, and let us leave it to be selected between
the Smoky Hill valley on the south, and the
Platte river on the north." The Senator from
Kansas voted with me on that subject. I wish
he had stood with me in all my propositions;
but wo parted company on this St. Jo. branch,
and now he wants to get back where I wanted
him to be originally.
But, sir, I was voted down, and they said, as
the bill was originally reported, that the Iowa
roads might build two branches from Iowa,
one from Sioux City and one from Omaha;
the Omaha route to be fixed by the Presi-
dent. The President did afterward fix it at
Omaha. It was to be in that vicinity, and the
President fixed it at Omaha. There were two
branches to be built from Iowa, and two from
my State; but Senators will recollect that when
they came to give bonds to the branches from
my State, they would not give bonds to but one
of the branches. They said the other branch
might have bonds for one hundred miles, but
there it should stop; and they gave the Kan-
sas branches bonds all the way out just as far
as they might want to go. But just before the
bill passed, a distinguished Senator from Iowa,
who is now Secratary of the Interior, offered
a proposition which destroyed the whole origi-
nal intent of the bill and said that the Pacific
Railroad Company proper, the one that was
to start at the hundredth meridian and build
west to the California line, leaving the Cen-
tral Pacific Company of California to build up
t.o it, should build the branch to Omaha. That
was not the intention originally. The inten-
tion was to let the Pacific railroad commence
at the hundredth meridian, and other compa-
nies from Iowa and Missouri build their roads
out to that point; but this amendment was put
on requiring the great Union Pacific to build
that branch to Omaha; and afterward the legis-
lation of 1864 required that they should forfeit
all their privileges as the Pacific railroad if
they did not build the Omaha branch, thus
making, as far as legislation could go, that
Omaha branch the main Pacific road, encour-
aging that road, when it was constructed, to
bring passengers, freight, and everything across
that lino to the neglect of all other lines.
Now, Mr. President, one of the most ener-
getic men of the West undertook the construc-
tion of the line from Kansas City out to the
one hundredth meridian. In the mean time,
before 1804, a survey was had along up the
Smoky Hill fork ; and it turned out just as I
had predicted in 1S02, that on the Smoky Hill
there is the greatest abundance of timber, the
finest farming lands in the world, just as rich
as they can bo. The Senator from Kansas,
who was interested at that time, will remem-
ber what I said to the Senate; and actual sur-
vey has demonstrated that it is the easiest route
to build. You have fine agricultural lands,
the best that can be found anywhere; you build
over a country that is full of coal. If you build
over the other route, the Republican fork, it is
a desert; it is a Sahara, without coal, without
timber; a mere sandy plain without vegeta-
tion.
Mr. Perry, who is the president of this road,
finding that he could reach Denver City one
hundred and thirty-four miles nearer, over an
easier route, with easier grades, less curves, and
could make infinitely a better road, came here
in 1804 and proposed to the Senate that they
should permit him to build up the Smoky
Hill fork instead of the Republican; and what
did the Senate do? Senators seem to under-
stand that this is changing the route of the
road. It is not so by any means. This is no
proposition to change the route of the road.
As the distinguished* Senator from Michigan,
who has charge of the bill, will bear me witness,
and as lie has already stated, the only effect in
the world of this bill is to permit, Mr. Perry
now to file his plat instead of filing it by the
first day of July next. The original act gave
him two years within which to file his plat.
That act was passed on the 1st of July, 18G2.
The two years expired on the Istof July, 1864.
In 1864 the Senate will remember we extended
the time two years; and now the time will ex-
pire July 1, 1806. Mr. Perry has not quite
completed his surveys, and wants now until
the 1st day of October next. That was the way
I introduced the bill. Senators will see by
examining the bill that I proposed to give him
until the 1st of October to file his plat; but the
committee have extended the time to the 1st
of December, which is much better than my
proposition; but I did not know whether the
Senate would grant Mr. Perry that privilege.
He is an energetic gentleman, one of the most
honest, high-minded, and energetic men of the
West, and he is building a road in all sincerity,
and is building it rapidly to connect us with
the Pacific coast.
The legislation of this body in 1864, as read
by the Senator from Michigan, gave Mr. Perry
