2298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
ill the'country and in the State of New York
■will be a sufficient guarantee for the probity and
the ability which will be brought to the ser-
vice—I ask him to move that a committee be
appointed by the House to investigate the
doings of the Provost Marshal General's Bu-
reau, and let us see whether a man, however
humble he may bo, who rises hereto denounce
what he knows to be a public wrong, is to be
shuffled off by newspaper effects, or effects
to be produced by sending here to be read such
a communication as lies before us. If this
man and his trusted agents are innocent he
and they should have a full and thorough
investigation of all the practices of which they
stand accused.
I now yield the floor to my colleague for the
purpose 1 have indicated.
Mr. HULBURD. I presume I shall meet
the sense of tlie House when I say that it has
probably devoted as much time as it ought to
do to this matter between my colleague, the
gentleman from Maine, and the Provost Mar-
shal General. I propose to send to the Chair
a resolution asking for the appointment of a
select committee of five, because I deem the
matter so very grave that it is due to my col-
league, due to the Provost Marshal General,
and due to the country that the subject shall
be further investigated. And in view of the
complimentary remarks which my colleague
has made, I am confirmed in the design of
putting in a disclaimer, which I had intended
to do, and asking the Chair, if the House shall
order this committee, not to place me upon
it, as parliamentary courtesy might otherwise
seem to require. I have a sufficient reason
for it in the fact that the House has referred
for investigation to the Committee on Public
Expenditures, of which 1 am chairman, vari-
ous important matters connected with custom-
houses, and the internal revenue service at
Boston and elsewhere; and I feel that we shall
have as much as we can possibly do to carry
out that resolution.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
I do not think the indulgence granted by the
House extended this far. The gentleman "from
Maine [Mr. Bi.aixk] asked leave of the House
to have, a certain letter read from General Fry.
Leave was granted, with the tacit understand-
ing that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cockling] should have leave to reply. That
he has done. Now, I do not think this mat-
ter should take up any further time of the
members of this House, either in this House
or in committees. And if I have the right, I
shall object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The ruling has always been
that when the House has permitted a personal
explanation to be made, whatever legitimately
or naturally grow? out of it, in the opinion of
the majority of the House, is in order. The
Chair, of course, has no knowledge of what
the resolution is, except from the remarks of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hitl-
bcp.d;] but he supposes it relates to the very
question which has been brought in controversy
between the gentleman from Now York [Mr.
Oonkltxg] and the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Buxn'e.]
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. THAYER. Where a gentleman asks
by way of personal explanation to have a paper
read, with the understanding that another gen-
tleman should be allowed to make a similar
personal explanation, is it in order for any
member of the House to introduce business,
by resolution or otherwise, if it relates to the
subject-matter of the personal explanation?
The SPEAKER. If it relates to that sub-
ject it is in order. Therefore the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ross] was in order when
he submitted the motion, which went to the
Committee on Printing under the law, that ten
thousand extra copies of the communication
from General Fry be printed for the use of this
House.
The resolution of Mr. Hulbcrd was read, as
follows:
Resolved, That a selcct committee of five members
of this House be appointed to investigate the state-
ments and charges made by Hon. Roscoe Coxkling
in his place last week against Provost Marshal Gen-
eral Fry; whether any frauds have been perpetra,ted
in his office in connection with recruiting service;
also, to examine into the statements made by Gen-
eral Fry in his communication to Hon. Mr. Blaine,
read in the House this day; with power to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to my col-
league [Mr. Htjlbukd] to modify his resolu-
tion so as to provide for the investigation of
any charges made against Provost Marshal
General Fry and his bureau.
Mr. ROSS. Might it not be well to enlarge
the powers of the committee so that they can
investigate whether the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxkling] has received more pay
than he was entitled to receive?
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have
that done. I hope the committee will report
on that whether it is embraced in the resolu-
tion or not.
Mr. HULBURD. That is embraced in the
resolution now, it being one of the statements
confained in the letter of General Fry.
Mr. ROSS. That will do, then.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution of Mr. Hulburd.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not know that I have
anything to say, and I shall not take very long
to say it. I do not happen to possess the vol-
ubility of the gentleman from the Utica dis-
trict, [Mr. Coxiclixg.] It took him thirty
minutes the other day to explain that an alter-
ation in the reporter's notes for the Globe
was no alteration at all; and I do not think he
convinced the House after all. And it has
taken him an hour to-day to explain that while
he and General Fry have been at swords' points
for a year, there has been no difficulty at all
between them. He has said that General Fry
is of no consequence, that he is a mere clerk
in the War Department. Yet he is a very
sensitive clerk, and when he has been accused
of all sorts of fraud, he should have a little
chance to be heard.
Now, one single word. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Coxklixg] has attempted to
pass off his appearance in this case as simply
the _ appearance of counsel. I want to read
again for the information of the House the
appointment under which the gentleman from
New York appeared as the prosecutor on the
part of the Government. It is as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, April 3,1865.
Sir: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to
aut horize you to investigate all cases of fraud in the
provost marshal's department of the western divis-
ion of New York, and all misdemeanors connected
with recruiting. You will from time to time make
report to this Department of the progress of your
labors, and will apply for any special authority for
which you may have occasion. The J.udge Advocate
General will be instructed to issue to you ail appoint-
ment as special judge advocate, for the prosecution
of any cases that may be brought to trial before a
militarv tribunal. You will also appear in behalf
of tliis Department in any eases thatit maybedeemed
more expedient to bring before the civil tribunals.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. A. DANA,
Assistant Secretary of War.
Hon. Roscoe Conkling.
Now, sir, I find in Brightly's Digest, page
821, section forty-six, that—•
"No person who holds or shall hold any office
under tho Government of the United States whose
salary or annual compensation shall amount to the
sum of $2,500, shall receive compensation for dis-
charging the duties of any other office."
Now, sir, I leave it for the House to decide
whether the gentleman can get off under the
technical plea that he was not a judge advo-
cate. He cannot deny that ho discharged the
duties of judge advocate under the special
commission which I have read, and he was
paid for the discharge of those duties. Tho
case falls under the same law as that of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who,
being elected a Representative in Congress
while yet a major general, declined to receive
any pay as a member until ho had resigned his
office in the Army and had taken his seat in
this House. I have no suggestions to make
about this, except that 1 consider the point
well taken, and that in my view this committee,.
if appointed, ought to investigate the matter.
I do not believe that the gentleman received
the money rightfully, though I will say this
much of him, if he will permit me, that I have
no doubt he "will restore it if convinced he has
taken it improperly.
Now, Mr. Speaker, all I have to say further
in connection with this matter is, that what I
stated the other day has, as I conceive, been
fully, entirely, and emphatically vindicated by
the record. I believe 1 have shown the mem-
bers of this House that I am incapable of stat-
ing anything here for which I am not respon-
sible—not exactly "here or elsewhere"—but
responsible as a gentleman and as a Represent-
ative.
Mr. THAYER. I move that this resolution
be* referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I sought
tho floor again to say this, which possibly I
omitted to state before; that no commission was
over issued to me by the Judge Advocate Gen-
eral. For fear that I omitted to state it, I beg
leave to say that no commission, paper, or
authority whateverwas ever issued to me except
the letter of retainer which has been read,
employing me to act, according to its language,
before military courts and before other tribu-
nals.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield to the gentleman from Maine?
Mr. CONKLING. No. sir. I do not wish
to have anything to do with the member from
Maine, not even so much as to yield him the
floor.
Mr. BLAINE. All right.
Mr. CONKLING. I only want to say that
the only authority under which I acted was
that which has been read, and that I acted as
counsel for the United States; and the busi-
ness of counsel in that particular case I tried,
as the case was tried before a military tribunal,
was, of course, of the same general character
that would have been done by a judge advo-
cate, had there been a judge advocate for the
court, just as in the trial of the conspirators,
the distinguished gentleman who sits before
me [Mr. Bingiiam] performed the same line
of professional employment that a regular
judge advocate would have performed had he
been there.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one thing further: if the
member from Maine had the least idea how
profoundly in different I am to his opinion upon
the subject which he has been discussing, or
upon any other subject personal to me, I think
he would hardly take the trouble to rise here
and express his opinion. And as it is a matter
of entire indifference to me what that opinion
may be, I certainly will not detain the House
by discussing the question whether it is well or
ill founded, or by noticing what he says. I
submit the whole matter to the members of
the House, making as I do an apology (for I
feel that it is due to the House) for the length
of time -which I have occupied in consequence
of being drawn into explanations, originally
by an interruption which I pronounced the
other day ungentlemanly and impertinent, and
having nothing whatever to do with the ques-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the defense of the gentleman from
New York should be made before this commit-
tee and not before the House.
The SPEAKER. That is scarcely a point
of order.
Mr. BLAINE. It is hardly worth while to
pursue this controversy further; but still the
gentleman from New York cannot get off on
the technicality which ho has suggested. He
says that a commission never was issued to
him. I understand him to admit that if a
commission had been issued to him he could
not have taken pay for both- offices. Now,
