t2lS
me COF(xRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27;,
the happy system of notation borrowed from
the Hindoos, which might be applied equally
well to an octaval scale. But, at this time, it
would be vain to propose a change in the radix
of the numerical scale. The number ten is.the
recognized starting point, and gives its name to
the scale. It only remains for us at present to
follow other nations in applying it to an im-
proved system of weights and measures.
A. system of weights and measures, born of
philosophy rather than of chance, is what we
now seek. To this end old systems must be
.abandoned. A chance system cannot be uni-
versal. Science is universal. Therefore, what
is produced by science may find a home every-
where. If we consider the proper elements or
characteristics of such a system we shall find at
least three essential conditions. First, the new
system must have in itself the assurance of un-
varying stability, and, to this end, it should be
derived from some standard in nature by which
any errors creeping into the weights and meas-
ures from time or imperfect manufacture may
be corrected. Secondly, the parts should be
divided decimally, as nearly as practicc will
warrant, in conformity with our arithmetic.
Thirdly, it should be of such a character as
to disturb national prejudices as little as pos-
sible.
To a common observer the difficulties of find-
ing an unvarying standard are not readily ap-
parent ; but philosophy shows that all things
in nature are undergoing a constant change,
so that there would seem to be no invariable
magnitude, the same in all countries and in all
times, as Cicero described the great principles
of Natural Law, by which a lost standard on an
inaccessible island might bo reproduced with
mathematical certainty. There is but one mag-
nitude in nature, which, so far as wo know,
approximates to these requisites. I refer, of
course, to the length of the pendulum, vibrat-
ing seconds, which in our latitude is about ti'J.l
inches. This length, however, varies in trav-
eling from the equator to the pole, and it also
varies slightly under different meridians and
the same latitude ; but the law of variation has
been determined with considerable accuracy.
One element in this variation is the difference
of temperature. Mr. Jefferson, in his report
on weights and measures, proposed that we
should find our standard m the pendulum. At
the same tiiue the French Government, just
Struggling to throw off ancestral institutions,
conceived the idea of a new system of weights
and measures which, founded in science, should
be common to the civilized world.
The French began not only by discarding all
old systems, but also by discarding a measure
derived irorn the pendulum. They conceived
the idea of measuring an arc of the meridian
of the earth, and finding a new unit in a sub-
division of this immense span. At the same
time the National Assembly invited the co-
operation of other nations, so that the system
should become uni versal. The workproceedcd.
An arc of the meridian, embracing upward of
nine degrees^of latitude, and extending from
Uunkirk, in France, to the Mediterranean near
Larcelona, in Spain, was measured with the
ino.st scientific care. Some of the most illus-
trious names in French science were engaged
in it, oi whom I may mention Mechain, I)e-
lambrc, Biot, and Arago, the latter just begin-
ning his great career. The work proceeded,
notwithstanding domestic convulsion and for-
eign war. The reign of terror at home and
invasion from abroad did not arrest it. Ten
years elapsed before the measurements were
completed, when again other nations were in-
vited to cooperate in the establishment of the
new system.
The unit of measure adopted was one ten
millionth part of the distance between the
equator and the pole thus measured. It re-
ceived the name of metre, from the Greek, sig-
nifying measure. A bar of platinum was care-
fully prepared representing this length with
all possible accuracy. This bar was deposited
m the archives of France as the perpetual stand-
ard. Other bars have been copied from it and
distributed throughout France and in foreign
countries.
There is something transcendental in the idea
of this measurement of the earth in order to find
a measure for daily life. It was an ■ immense
undertaking. But the conception seems to have
been rather vast than practical. There is rea-
son to believe, from later labors, that there was
aserious error in the work. Thus the distance of
10,000,000 metres from the equator to the pole,
established by the French observers, is too
small by 935 yards, according to B<?ssel; by
l,410yards, according to Puissant; andby 1,967
aceordingto Chazallon. Sir John Hersehell has
also testified with the authority of his great
name against the accuracy of this result. If
there be an error, such as is supposed, then the
meter ceases to be what it was originally called,
one ten millionth part of the distance from the
equator to the polo.
Even assuming that there is no error, and
that the meter is precisely what it purports to
be, yet it is not easy to see how the artificial
standard can be corrected by a recurrence to
the standard in nature. The massive work
originally undertaken will not be repeated.
The astronomers of France will not verify the
accuracy of the bar ofplatinumwhichisthe arti-
ficial standard, by another scientific enterprise,
requiring years for its completion. Therefore,
for all practical purposes the meter is really
nothing else than a bar of platinum of a cer-
tain length preserved in the archives of France.
It is not less arbitrary as a standard than the
yard or foot, and it can bo perpetuated in prac-
tice only; by the distribution of exact copies
of the original bar, which is the assumed meter.
I have entered into this explanation of the
origin and character of the meter because I de-
sire that the admirable system which is founded
on it should bo seen actually as it is. To my
mind it gains nothing from the theory which
presided at its origin. Its unit is not to bo
regarded as a certain portion of the distance
between the equator and the pole, but as an
artificial measure determined with peculiar
care. Had the same or any other measure
been selected, without any measurement of
the earth, the metric system would not have
been less beautiful or perfect.
Look now at the system. The meter, which
is assumed to be one ten millionth part of the
distance from the equator to the poles, is, in
fact, ;;yj inches or 8'J.;57 inches in length. It
is especially the unit of length, but it is also
the unit from which all measures of weight
and capacity, square or cubic, are derived. It
is at once foundation-stone and cap-stone to the
whole system. It is foundation-stone to all in
the ascending series and cap-stone to all in the
descending series.
The unit of measures of surface or land meas-
ures is tho are, from the Latin area, and is the
square of ten _ meters, or, in other words, a
square of which each side is ten meters in
length.
The unit of solid measure is the stere, from
tho Greek, and is the cube of a meter, or, in
other words, a solid mass one meter long, one
meter broad, and one meter high.
The unit of liquid measure is the liter, from
tho Greek, and is tho cube of the tenth part of
the meter, which is the decimeter, or, in other
words, it is a vessel, where by interior measure-
ment each side and the bottom are square deci-
meters.
The unit of weight is the gram, also derived
from the Greek, and is the one thousandth
part of the weight of a cubic liter of distilled
water at its greatest density—this being just
above the freezing point.
Sueli are the main elements of the metric
system. But each of these has its multiple
and its subdivisions. It is multiplied decimally
upward and divided decimally downward.
The multiples are derived from the Greek.
Thus, deea, ten; heeto, hundred; Hlo, thou-
sand ; and myria, ten thousand, prefixed to
meter signify ten meters, one hundred meters,
one thousand meters, and ten thousand meters#
I he subdivisions are derived from the Latin.
Thus deei, centi, milli, prefixed to meter, sig-
nify one tenth, one hundredth, and one thou-
sandth of a meter. All this will appear in the
following table :
Metric denominations and Equivalents in denomi-
valtiev. nations in use.
Myriamctcr, 10.000 meters. 6.2137 miles.
Kilometer, 1,000 meters. . .62137 mile, or 3,280
„ , „„„ fbet and 10 inches.
Hectometer, 100 meters. 328 feet and 1 inch.
Decameter, 10 meters. 393.7 inches.
Meter, 1 meter. 39.37 inches.
Decimeter, 1-10 of a meter. 3.937 inches.
Centimeter, 1-100 of a meter. .3937 inch.
Millimeter, 1-1000 of a meter. .0394 inch.
These same prefixes may be applied in as-
cending and descending scales to the are, the
liter, and the gram. Thus, for example, we
have in the ascondihg. scale, decagram, hecto-
gram, kilogram, and mi/riagram ; and in the
descending scale, decigram, centigram, milli-
gram.
In this brief space you behold the whole
metric system of weights and measures. What
a contrast to tho anterior confusion! A boy
at school can master, the metric system in an
afternoon. Months, if not years, are required
to store away the perplexities, incongruities,
and inconsistencies of the existing weights and
measures; and then memory must often fail in
reproducing them. The mystery of compound
arithmetic is essential in the'calculations which
they require. All this is done away by the
decimal progression, so that the first four rules
of arithmetic are ample for the pupil.
If we look closely at the metric system we
must confess its simplicity and symmetry. Like
every creation of science, it is according to
rule. Master the rule and you master the sys-
tem. On this account it may be acquired by
the young with comparative facility, and when
once acquired it may be used with dispatch.
Thus it becomes labor-saving and time-saving.
I cannot hesitate to mention among its merits
the nomenclature which it has adopted. A
superficial criticism has objected to the Greek
and Latin prefixes; but this forgets that a sys-
tem intended for universal adoption must dis-
card all local or national terms. The prefixes
employed are equally intelligible in all coun-
tries. They are no more French than English
or German. They are in their nature common
or cosmopolitan. And in all countries they are
equally suggestive in disclosing the denomi-
nation of the measure. They combine the pe-
culiar advantages of a universal name and a
definition. The name instantly suggests the
measure with exquisite precision. If these
words seem to be scholastic or pedantic you
must bear this for the sake of their universality
and defining power.
tFnquestionably it is difficult for a generation
to substitute a new system for that which it
learned in childhood. Even in France the
metric system was tardily adopted. Napoleon
himself on one occasion, said impatiently to an
engineer who answered his inquiry in meters—■
" What- are meters? Tell me in toises." It
was only in 1840 that the system was definitely
required in the transaction of business. Since
then it has been the legal system of France.
Cloth is sold by the meter. Roods are meas-
ured by the kilonieter. Meat is sold by the
kilogram, or as it is familiarly abridged, by so
many kilos.
It is generally admitted that the names are
too long, although nobody has been able to
suggest substitutes, unless we regard the vari-
ous abridgments in that light. But no abridg-
ment should be allowed to sacrifice that cosmo-
politan character which belongs to the system.
Thus in England a nomenclature has been pro-
posed which would secure short names; but
these names would be different in each language
and would be entirely different from the French
names. This is a mistake. The names in all
languages should be identical, or so nearly alike
as to be recognized at once. This may be ac-
complished by an abbreviated nomenclature.
For instance, we may say met, ar, lit, and
gram; and, in describing the denomination, we
may say in the ascending scale, dec, Tiec, Jcil,
and in the descending scale dec, een, and mil,
