1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
another locality is entitled to protection upon
marble.
Besides, sir, I understand it to be our duty
to protect labor. Where labor enters into the
productou of an article to a great extent there
should be a specific duty for the protection of
that la"bor. As to the article of lumber, labor
makes up fifty per cent, of its value. In free-
stone, sandstone, and granite, the labor in-
volved in the production makes over seventy-
five per cent, of the value ; while in marble the
proportion is only fifty per cent.
Let me remark, also, that if the object of
levying duties be to provide revenue, the arti-
cles named in the amendment, not being arti-
cles that rank among.the necessaries of life,
afford a fair subject for the imposition of duties,
and can well sustain a duty of the amount which
I propose.
Let me stale further that agents in the city
of New York, for the sale of the imported free-
stone, were informed by gentlemen who had in
view the protection of the domestic interest in
thjs article, that an application would be made
to Congress for the imposition of a duty oflil'ty
per cent., and they did not object to a duty of
thirty-live or forty per cent.
Mi-. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that this amendment will not be adopted. It
appears to me that it is not pertinent to this
bill, which is designed to regulate trade with
only British North America. If this subject
be not embraced in the present bill, the dnly
on the articles named in the amendment can be
fixed in the regular tariff bill, and will be the
same on articles imported from Canada as on
those from any other country. If the duty be
fixed in this bill it will leave the articles to be
imported from other countries at a different
rate. The Committee of Ways and Means, as
I understand, are not opposed to the insertion
of the gentleman's proposition in the general
tariff bill when that shall come up for consid-
eration.. I hope, therefore, that^ the gentle-
man from Connecticut will not insist on insert-
ing the proposition in this bill, which is limited
to the trade with the British Provinces.
Mr. TIIAYEK. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether his ob-
jection would not apply equally to this whole
bill; whether it would not perhaps bo just as
well to leave this whole subject to be regulated
by the general tariff?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
not the proposition at present before the House.
Many of the articles named in this bill are re-
duced somewhat below the rates fixed in the
general tariff.
Mr. THAYER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Connecticut is to protect a partic-
ular interest in which his constituents are inter-
ested—the production of freestone- ^-against
injurious competition from Nova Scotia. The
objection made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, that this interest can bo taken care
of under the general tariff, would be just as
pertinent with reference to everything else
which it is proposed to protect by this bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
merely suggest that the duty on the articles
named in the amendment should be uniform,
no matter from what country they may be im-
ported. This proposition, if adopted now, will
merely impose a duty upon building-stone from
the British Provinces.
Mr. THAYER. So with the other parts of
this bill ; they will simply impose a duty upon
so much of the articles named as may be im-
ported from the British Provinces.
The question recurred on Mr. Wakxek's
amendment.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 54, noes 91: no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Warneu and Moorhkaik
The coniftiittoc "was again tliviueu : aud the
tellers reported — ayes sixty four, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LiO^S. I move to amend on page -1,
line nine, by striking out "twenty" and insert- I
ing " twenty-five,'' so that it will read: j
Animals, living, of all sorts, twenty-five per cent. I
ad Vidorc/n. - j
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by making it thirty per cent.
Mr. Chairman, this is the first paragraph of
the bill which interests directly and particu-
larly the Northwest. It is one of the first in-
stances in a tariff bill in which protection is
afforded to the agricultural interests of the
country. Last year there were imported from
Canada and the Provinces about seven million
dollars in live animals. I am willing to allow
reasonable duty for the protection of all branches
of industry of the country, but while we do that
I must insist that the agricultural interest shall
likewise bo protected. 1 hope, therefore, this
increase of duty on live animals will be -voted
in by the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope that the amendment
will not prevail. Is not beef dear enough to
satisfy everybody ? Does anybody want to pay
a higher price than is now paid? 1 think the
high price of thirty and thirty-five cents per
pound asked in the market is high enough.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will suggest we
would be perfectly willing to compromise on
this subject if we can have the«duty reduced
on articles manufactured in the East which are
consumed in the West.
Mr. BROOKS. I want the House and the
countiy to know the adoption of this amend-
ment is to increase the pricc of beef. I want
to say this is not the way to protect the agri-
cultural interests. Hundreds and thousands of
living animals come from Canada and are fat-
tened in the United States, especially in north-
ern Ohio and northern New York, all along the
Hudson. Thousands of them are fattened there
which come lean and lank from the Canadas,
indeed hardly eatable. Theyconsumeourgrain
and grass, and in behalf of that interest I pro-
test against this proposed iiMJreased duty.
Mr. GIUN'NELL. I wish to say, sir, one
word in reply to the gentleman from New York.
The well-fed beef which the gentleman and his
constituents eat is raised where corn is cheap,
and not in Canada where corn is worth one dol-
lar a bushel. Therefore,'what he has said has
no application to (he pending amendment at all.
We propose by this to get some revenue from
the importation of Canadian horses. The gen-
tleman may drive a fine span of Canadian horses
on which, perhaps, he has paid no duty. We
propose when he buys his next span that he
shall pay thirty pei cent. duty.
Let me say Canada is a place where they
raise fine horses. Thousands and tens of thou-
sands of them are imported into the United
States. We propose to get some duty on (hem,
and that they shall not be brought into direct
competition with our own horses.
f repeat that the well-fattened cattle do not
come from Canada. 'Therefore the gentleman,
in reference to his appeal to the beef-eating
community, is in fault. The amendment does
reach the question of revenue. We propose
that those who import line horses shall pay a
tax on them.
Mr. ROSS. I accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa as a modification of my
own. and I entirely agree with him in relation to
the sentimcntshc has expressed in relation to it
being our duty to increase the tax so as to pro-
tect the agricultural productions of the coun-
try. It is well known, sir, that these things
can be raised in Canada much cheaper than in
this country because the labor there is cheaper,
and the land is cheaper. And you must take
into consideration the disi ance we have to trans-
port the productions of the "West to reach a
market so that the gentleman from New York
and his constituents may be afforded an oppor-
tunity to purchase them and not be compelled
| to live upon tile, poor, lank, lean bee! irom the
| Canadas. In order to give liim good beef it
i must be transported from the West.
I In my judgment, in looking over this bill,
: (bis uhole- list was made up either in Canada
or New England. The West is to be burdened
with taxation to protect the manufacturers of
the Bast, but no tax is to be imposed for the
protection of the West. Our interests are to
be neglected. I trust that if there is a western
interest upon tlm floor they will insist upon
protecting the agriculturists of the country.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to say a single word
in reply to the gentleman from Illinois, in ref-
erence to the protection given in this bill to the
West. Now, there is not one single product
of the West in this tariff reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, tlfe duty on -which
is not the same or an increase on the old tariff.
The duties are as high upon every western
product, and in many cases higher than they
arc by the old tariff.
Now, what is the fact in regard to the prod-
ucts of New England, which the gentleman
says have all the protection here? Every arti-
cle in which New England is interested is re-
duced in this bill as compared with the tariff of
18G4. You have reduced the tariff on lumber
and you have increased the tariff on all the ar-
ticles that enter into the consumption of the
producers of lumber.
Mr. DELANO. Iwould like to ask the gen-
tleman one question. I understand him to say
that there is not a single article of western pro-
duction that has not a higher duty fixed on it
by this bill than by the tariff of 18G4. What
is the duty in this bill on the article of wool?
Mr. LYNCH. There is no duty on the arti-
cle of wool in this bill. It is not mentioned.
You have increased the duty on live animals
twenty per cent., and now the gentleman wants
to raise it to thirty per cent., and that at a time
when our whole country has been drained of
its cattle and horses by the destructions of war
and when we need them more than at any pre-
vious time.
There is another thing I wish to call attention
to, and that is, to the principle of protection.
The question of protection, as I have under-
stood it, has been a question of protecting Amer-
ican labor as against cheap foreign labor. You
reduce the duty on lumber when seventy-five
per cent, of the production of lumber is m la-
bor, and now you propose to increase the duty
on live animals, into the production of which
very little labor enters. And it is so with all
the productions of the West, llers are agri-
cultural productions, into which very little labor
enters; while our productions in the East are
manufacturing productions, into which labor
enters largly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. T wish to state that
there is a very good reason why live animals
are on the' free list in the general tariff, and
that is, that they were embraced within the terms
of the reciprocity treaty.
Mr. LYNGII. That is no reason at all, be-
cause wc import live animals from other coun-
tries beside Canada and the British Provinces.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very few; only
those which are imported for the purpose of
improving our stock. Those that are imported
for the purpose of consumption in this country
arc imported from the British Provinces.
Now, I wish to say that the gentleman is
mistaken in regard to some other items, the
item of barley, for instance. Under the tariff
law, the duty on barley is fifteen cents a bushel;
by this bill it is ten cents: and there are sev-
eral other articles where there is a reduction.
I wish to say to the gentleman, and ta> all
who represent manufacturing interests in the
eastern States, that while we of the West have
been voting protection to these interests, we
now, inasmuch as we have an opportunity, the
reciprocity treaty being out of the way, shall
insist upon some protection to western prod-
ucts, and I tell them that unless they are pre-
pared to give us reasonable protection against
competition from the British Provinces, wc will
have compensation by a reduction of the duties-
on other items.
Now, sir, it will cost almost the entire amount
of the duty I propose on live animals for us to
bring the animals ot the western States to the
