1866;
TjHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
mm-
indicating respectively 10, 100,1000, and 1-10,
1-100, and 1-1000.. Compounding these words
we should have, for example, kilmet, Witt,
Mlgram, and cenmet, cenlit, cengram. These
abbreviations might be substantially the same
in all languages. They would preserve the
characteristics of the unabridged terms, so that
the simple mention of the measure, even in this
abridged form, would disclose the proportion
which it bears to its fellow-measures. Previous
measures have been represented by monosylla-
bles ; as grain, dram, gross, ounce, pound, stone,
ton. Where a word is often repeated in the
hurry of business it is instinctively abridged.
We shall not err if we profit by this experi-
ence, and seek to reduce the new nomenclature
to its smallest proportions.
Twelve words are all that are required by
this system. In learning these you learn all.
There are the five words designating the dif-
ferent units of length, surface, solid capacity,
liquid capacity, and weight. Then there are
the seven prefixes, being four in the ascending
scale, expressing multiples or augmentations
of the meter or other units, derived from the
Greek; and also three in the descending scale,
expressing divisions or diminutions of the me-
ter and other units, derived from the Latin.
These twelve words contain the whole system.
In closing this chapter of the unquestionable
advantages of the metric system, I must not
forget that it is already the received system in
the majority of countries. Thus it appeared
at the Statistical Congress assembled at Berlin
in 1863, that it was adopted partly or entirely
in Austria, Baden, Bavaria, Belgium, France,
Hamburg, Hanover, Hesse, Mecklenburg, the
Netherlands, Parma, Portugal, Saxony, Sar-
dinia, Spain, Switzerland, Tuscany, the Two
Sicilies, and Wurtemburg. Since then Great
Britain, by an act of Parliament, has added her
name to this list. The first step is taken there
by making the metric system permissive, as is
now proposed in the bills before Congress. The
example of Great Britain is of especial impor-
tance to us, since the commercial relations be-
tween the two countries renderit essential that
there should be a common system of weights
and measures.
The adoption of the metric system by the
United States will go far to complete that, cir-
cle by which this great improvement will be
assured to mankind. Here is a new element of
civilization which will be felt in all the con-
cerns of life at home and abroad. It will be
hardly less important than the Arabic numer-
als, by which the operations of arithmetic are
rendered common to all nations. It will help
undo that primeval confusion of which the
Tower of Babel was the representative.
As the first practical step to this great end I
ask the Senate to give its sanction to the bills
which have already passed the other House,
and which I have reported from the special
committee on the metric system. By these
enactments the metric system will be pre-
sented to the American people, and will be-
come an approved instrument of commerce.
It will not be forced into use, but will be left
for the present to its own intrinsic merits.
Meanwhile it must be taught in schools. Our
arithmetics must explain it. They who have
already passed a certain period of life may not
adopt it; but the rising generation will embrace
it and ever afterwards number it among the
choicest possessions of an advanced civiliza-
tion.
Mr. CRESWELL. Does the bill make the
use of the system compulsory?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; it makes it per-
missive.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to take up
House joint resolution No. 140.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to fur-
nish to each State one- set of the. standard
weights and measures of the metric system.
It directs the Secretary of tha Treasury to fur-
nish to each State, to be delivered to the Gov-
ernor thereof, one set of the standard weights
and measures of the metric system for the use
of the States respectively.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate,without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SUMNEE. I now ask to take up House
bill No. 597.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 597) to authorize the
use in post offices ofcweights of the denomina-
tion of grams. It directs the Postmaster Gen-
eral to furnish to the post offices exchanging
mails with foreign countries, and to such other
offices as he shall think expedient, postal bal-
ances denominated in grams of the metric sys-
tem ; and, until otherwise provided by law,
one half ounce avoirdupois is to be deemed
and taken for postal purposes as the equiva-
lent of fifteen grams of the metric weights and
so adopted in progression; and the rates of
postage are to be applied accordingly.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
reports from committees.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a bill (H. R. No. 812) for tlio relief
of John W. Taylor, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 207)
to pay Colonel Lewis P. Fix, reported it with-
out amendment.
SEXAiOIt FROM TENNESSEE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have now prepared
the joint resolution that I desire to submit:
and as it ought to go over to the House at once,
and I presume there will be no objection to it,
I ask for its immediate consideration. As I
have written it, I will read it with the permis-
sion of the Senate:
Beit resolved, &c„ That the words "that I have
neither sought uor accepted, nor attempted to exer-
cise the functions of any office whatever, under any
authority or pretended authority in hostility to the
United States" in the oath requited by the " act to
prescribe an oath of office and for other purposes,"
approved July 2,1862, be omitted from the oath re-
quired to be taken by Hon. David T. Patterson, a
Senator-elect from the State of Tennessee.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will
adopt that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The phraseology might
be mistaken. It ought to specify that this omis-
sion from the oath required to be taken is ''in
the case of."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The clerk can put in
those words,- "in the case of."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those words ought to
be put in so as to confine it to this particular
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] has presented the same
subject in a little different form, which he pre-
fers and to which I have no objection, and I
will offer it in that shape. It is as follows:
He it resolved, (t'c., That Hon. David T. Patterson,
a Senator-elect from the State of Tennessee, be ad-
mitted to his seat upon taking the usual oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and upon
taking so much of the oath prescribed by^tlie act en-
titled "An act to prescribe an oath of ofiicc and _inr
other purposes," approved July 2, Imjl, as is not in-
cluded in the following words, to wit: that I have
neither sought nor accepted nor attempted to exei-
cise the functions of any office wnatever, under any
authority or prel,ended authority m nosulity to tne
United States."
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 144) in rela-
tion to the admission of Hon. David T. Pat-
terson to a seat in the Senate was read three
times.
Mr. WADE. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I desire to state that my
colleague [Mr. Gbimes] is absent by reason of
sickness to-day.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays "2; as folio Wg:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,>BuekaIow, Clark, Con-
ness, Oowa,n, Oreswell, Davis, Doolitt'le, Edmunds,
Poster, Fowler, Quthrie, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, llowe, Johnson, "Kirkwood, Lano, Morgan,
Ncsmith, Norton, Nye,, Poland, l'oracroy, Ramsey,
Riddle, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
"VVilley, Williams, Wilson, and Yatoe—35.
NAYS—M«ssrs. Chandler, and Wadc-2.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cragin, Dixon, 3?essen-
den, Grimes, Howard, McDougail, jVJomll, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Sumner, and Wright—13.
So the joint resolution was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had insisted
upon its amendments to the bill (S. No. 400)
to fix the compensation of certain collectors of
customs, and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the Senate, agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Samxjel, Hooper of Massachusetts, Mr. Jons
L. Thomas of Maryland, and Mr. Glekni W.
Scofield of Pennsylvania, managers at the
same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 814) for the relief of the sufferers
by the late fire at Portland, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Michi-
gan has withdrawn his objection to the passage,
of the bill for the distribution of the rewards
to the captors of the assassins of Mr. Lincoln,
and I hope my colleague will allow that bill to
be taken up.
Mr. CRESWELL. I renew the objection.
Mr. WADE. I object to anything being
done, unless it is in order to do it, until a vote
is taken on the admission of Nebraska. The
yeas and nays have been ordered, and let us
vote upon it. 1 object to anything displacing
it unless it is a privileged question, which I
cannot resist.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 447) for the admission of the State of Ne-
braska into the Union is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The pending question,
I believe, is on"my motion to recommit the bill
with instructions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
pending question, and upon that question the
yeas and nays have been requested, but not,
as yet, ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 'WADE. This question is a question
of recommitment, and every Senator who is in
favor of the admission of Nebraska will vote
against this motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is a question to
recommit with instructions to investigate the
charge of fraud which has been pretty sub-
stantially proven here to-day. Those in favor
of passing it, fraud or no fraud, adopting the
analogy of the gentleman's address, will vote
against the proposition to recommit.
Mr. NYE. 1 desire to say a single word be-
fore that question is taken. I pledge myself
to bo very brief. I disagree entirely with the
honorable Senator from Indiana, who asserts
with so much assurance that there has_ been
presented here any evidence of fraud in this
election. It is somewhat singular that the class
of Senators who yesterday were so anxious to
bring in a Senator from Tennessee for the rea-
son that the State wanted representation, and
j who so loudly claimed that the accusation that
' the Senator then seeking immediate admission
was unable to take oath, rested upon rumor,
| and rumor alone—and the Senator from In-
diana was particularly severe upon that ques-
tion—to-day, it being a different ox that hooks,
assume that these rumors in regard to frauds
in the election in Nebraska are well founded,
and the Senator from Indiana tells us that the
charges f^ro well substantiated. oii> 1 <im «xt
a loss to know why these objections are urged
