276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
RELEGATE FROM ARIZONA AGAIN.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I present the me-
morial of diaries I). Poston, contestingtheseat
of Hon. Joror N. Goodwin as Delegate from
the Territory of Arizona. I move that it be
referred to the Committee of Elections, and
printed. ,
Mr. DAWES. Tt is customary to refer such
petitions to the Committee of Elections, and
they are authorized to have printed such mat-
ter as they deem necessary.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, let it be re-
ferred.
The petition was referred to the Committee
of Elections.
FOIST LOOKOUT, MARYLAND.
' Mr. SCIIENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report si joint
resolution, requesting the Secretary of Yv ar to
suspend the sale of Government buildings and
other property at, Point Lookout, Maryland,
and to ask the'immediate action of the House
upon it. I send the resolution to tlm Clerk's
desk, and will make an explanation of the ne-
cessity of action at once, if there is to be ac-
tion at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 have no
objection if the morning hour has commenced.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
not commenced. It was cut off by a question
of privilege. The first business in order is the
call of committees for reports, eomiueucingwith
the Committee on the J udieiary. Does the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwiiix]
yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 do.
Sir. SCIIENCK. Members of the House are
probably all aware that Point Lookout is whore
the Potomac enters into Chesapeake bay. There
are some three or four hundred acres of land
there, upon which, before the war, there were
buildings occupied as a watering-place—gen-
erally, or perhaps altogether, frame buildings.
They were taken during the war for hospital
purposes, and there was also established there
a depot for prisoners. The buildings at. that
time were worth comparatively but a small sum
to the owners or any one else ; but the touted
States, during (he war, expended at that place,
in the construct ion of buddings and oilier im-
provements, perhaps at least I: IMKH!. 'fin'
Secretary of War has advertised for sate those
improvements and buildings, and the furnitme
in the buildings, and other property of the Gov-
ernment now there ; and that sale is to take
place to-morrow. In the mean time a patriotic
lady has secured a title to the property, and
proposes to present, that property asa donation
to the National Naval and Military A-ylum.
which was incorporated hist.March by Contn-e-s,
as a home for soldiers anil sailors disabled in
the; service, provided the Government, would
also give this public property, consisting of ihe
improvements made.
The subject was referred to theCommitfee on
Military Affair*. but, there has a? yet been 110
time afforded to (hat committee to consider it.
The subject only came before the commit tee this
morning for investigation. W hat we a~k now
is that, until Congress shall have time to look
into the matter and consider the propriety of
accepting the donation of this lady, the Secre-
tary of War shall be directed to suspend this
sale, which otherwise will go on to-morrow, "if
the sale takes place to-morrow, the probability
is that S200,000 worth of property will be sold
for a mere song. The sole object of the reso-
lution is to stop the sale until there can be an
investigation and action by Congress.
The joint resolution was read a fii>t and sec-
ond time, ordered to bo engrossed, and read a
third time ; and being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SOHLNOK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint, resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PliTVILEOE OF THE FLOOR.
Ml'. IvASSON, by unanimous consent, sub'
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Ileioh-cd, ThatJEIon. G-oorso M. Cinllieott, claiming
a scat in this House as member from Colorado, be ad-
mitted to the privileges of the floor pending the con-
sideration of his claim.
CAPTAIN JOHN FAUXCE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution for the
relief of Captain John Eaunce ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
MUTUAL HOMESTEAD COMPANY.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 26, to incorporate the United
States Mutual Protection Homestead Company.
The pending question was upon agreeing to
sundry amendments reported from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The amendments re-
ported from the.I udieiary Committee are upon
the desks of members in a printed form, lam
further directed by the committee, informally, to
move to amend one of the amendments of the
committee by striking out the name of '! J oshua
Hill, Georgia;" the effect of which will be to
rest ore; him to the place he occupied in the ori-
ginal bill as one of the corporators. And I will
also move to add the name of William E. Chand-
ler, of New Hampshire, to the list of corpora-
tors named in the bill. 1 will now call the pre-
vious question 011 the bill and pending amend-
ments.
Mr. BUOOMALL. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwem.J withdraw that
call for a moment to allow me to ask him a ques-
tion'.''
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly.
Mr. BSiOOMALL. 1 would call the atten-
tion of tin: .gentleman to the prorision in the
third section, by which thii corporation is per-
mitted only, not required, to open books for the
subscription of capital stock, and allow the pub-
lic generally an opportunity to subscribe. 1
would ask the gentleman whether be, has any
objection to tnodi!\ that section so as to make
j it obligatory 011 the corporation to open books,
j That can be done by striking out the words
1 "whenever said company may deem it useful
j or necessary in prosecuting the objects aforo-
1 said, they mav," and insert the words "said
i company shall.'' Ami the fourth section should
j then be amended by striking out the words "'1111-
. til ihecompanyinayprovitlc lorthe subscription
| of stock/' With that alteration I am willing to
ij vole for the bill.
| Mr. 1501* fVV KLL. I have no objection to
,j the modifications suggested by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broom ill. J
Mr. l!AKKlt. Mr. Speaker, 1 hope, as a new
j member here. I will not be deemed obtrusive
| in the desire to say to the Home that my strong
I irapi'c.-Mon is that this bill should noi.pass, and
! to Inicflv state my icasons therefor.
] Eii-f. this bill, as 1 under,-.land it, creates
! what, puree!'!.- to be an eleonioM nary eorpora-
' tion for charitable purpose*, with proprietary
' rictus in the corporators: this right of owner-
; ,-hip becoming, by operation of law, absolute ill
the eorpoiators at the end of five years. The
' money the corporation will receive us cliarita-
' hie contributions for the promotion of em'mra-
| tion, iVe., may, under the terms of the bill, be
invested in hinds, the title of which will at once
; vest in the corporation, and the rents of which
accrue to the corporation, or be loaned on
landed security, the interest going to the cor-
poration. and the principal, too. at the end of
, live years. This is what 1 understand the words
i of the bill will admit of, though I may be mis-
I taken.
: The bill confers an immense and exclusive
privilege on a small number of per-onn tolease.
purchase, hold, sub-let, and com e, lands, and
loan money, without limitation as to interest.
011 mortgage or pledge of growing crops, there
being no etl'ectual limitation as to the amount
of laud or money v, hie h mav thus beheld or
loaned, for I do not understand the third sec-
tion. or the fifth iuKrwlotl -ee'eon. to be such
a limitation. Those sections may lie' dispensed
with almost entirely by the corporation; and if
not dispensed with they are still not a proper
limitation, for they provide for a capital stock
of ten-dollar shares by subscription, and do not,
after a nominal compliance with these sections,
interfere with the receipt of donatives, the hold-
ing of lands, and the loaning of money on any
interest and to any extent the company may
desire under the powers given by the sccond
section.
Secondly, this bill will be a precedent for
corporations, for the conferring of special priv-
ileges on the few, which, if it becomes a law
and is followed up, may lead the way to shing-
ling the Republic over with corporate priv-
ileges originating in the central Government.
This is a step toward consolidation which I am
not prepared to take, and one which I fear would
have a most pernicious influence on the insti-
tutions and liberties of the country. I do not
want the policy of this Government brought
under the influence of mammoth corporations
of wealth and power, originating in the centcr
and extendingm long radii through are! over t ho
whole country. We can find a better content
of union than that. Nor will 1 be seduced to
entering on such a course by any appeals to
charity. Wc con find a better method of doing
our legislative alms than that.
Thirdly, the power to pass such an act is ex-
ceedingly doubtful. The doctrine of McCulloch
vs. State of Maryland, holding the constitution-
ality of the United States Bank, is as follows:
" The power of establishing a corporation is not a
distinct sovereign power or end of government, but
011b the means of carrvins into effect other powers
which a re sovereign. Whenever it become? an appro-
priate means of exercising any of the powers euven
by the Constitution to the <X>\ emment oi the Union,
it may be exorcised by that Government."
And the powers cited for this purpose by
Chief Justice Marshall, as authorizing the crea-
tion for a bank, were the powers to levy and
collect, taxes; to borrow money: to regulate
commerce: to declare and conduct a war: and
to raise and support armies and navies. I11 exe-
cuting these jiowers the court thought a bank
might, by implication, be incorporated; and the
court places stress on the greatness of these jiow-
ers and their vital importance to the existence
and safety of ihe country. Now, 1 ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boi'twei.l] to
state what part of the Constitution is relied on
to justify the creation of the corporation pro-
vided for in this bill'. lam persuaded the ease
cited will not cover the proposed Corporation.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now call the previous
question, and if the call is sustained. I will then
make some explanations to the House.
Mr. BROMW'ELL. Will ilie gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boctwutx | withdraw the
call for the previous question for a moment, as
this is a matter of great importance?
Mr. BO UT WELL.. r propose, after the pre-
vious question is ^stained, to take what time
may be left of the morning hour for explana-
tion of the bill.
Mr. BUOMYVELL. Ihopetheprevionsqucs-
tion will not be sustained, and that important
measures like this will not be forced through
this House in this way.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Havel the right, air.
Speaker, to a certain length of time after the
previous question is seconded ?
The S PEA KEK. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. [Mr. Boi'iwli.l.] having reported
the bill from the Comrait tee on the Judiciary, has
the right to open and close debate upon the bill.
He will, therefore, be entitled to an hour after
the previous question shall be seconded.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will not that cut off the '
remarks of other members who may desire to
i debate this bill
! The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
! determine, if tliev sustain the demand for the
\ previous question it will indicate a desire to close
I debate.
| Mr. SCITENCK. I would ask the gentleman
; from Massachusetts [Mr. Bcutwi.xt.J to make
■ his explanations before he calls the previous
; question. as upon those explanations uught de-
j pend very lnneh my vote upon the call lor the
! previous question.
