3260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
The Hannibal and St, Jo. road had notice
tlien, and all the world had, that this company
was going up the Republican. They then filed
their plat, out to the Republican to meet this
company and went on building their branch
road. They are grading the sixty-fifth section
to-day on that line to the Republican. They
had the right to connect with them anywhere,
but were not to have bonds or land for over one
hundred miles. They chose to connect on the
Republican; they are building in that direction,
claiming that they have the right to connect
there, and there is no doubt about it; and a
change from that route to the other involves fur-
ther legislation for that company to enable them
to connect somewhere else. That is why that
company have been opposed to any change,
because they were satisfied with the legislation
as it was; and if the other route is taken, the
Smoky Hill route, it requires further legisla-
tion to enable them to connect somewhere else.
Mr. WILSON. If 1 understand this matter
correctly, in 1802 it was agreed that these sev-
eral routes, two or three of them, should unite
east of the one hundredth meridian. This, of
coursq, would require the branch road named
in the first section of this bill to go up the
Republican fork. Tn 1864 an act was passed
by which provision was made that they might
take another route.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is mistaken
in that The legislation of 1804 allowed them
to continue beyond the point of the one hun-
dredth meridian by running on the valley of
the Platte or the valley of the Republican, but
did not allow them to change outside of the
Republican valley or Platte valley. It did not
change the route, but only allowed the point
of junction to be beyond the one hundredth
meridian, still confining this branch to the val-
ley of the Platte or the Republican.
Mr. WILSON. It did not allow them to
take the route they now propose to take,
did it?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
_Mr. WILSON. If the Senator is right in
his construction, it shows that the act brought
in here by the Senator from Missouri to jus-
tify this bill does not permit this company to
go np the Smoky Hill fork.
Mr. POMEROY. I ought to say that they
applied to the Secretary of the Interior for
leave to change their route and withdraw their
plat on the Republican, but the Secretary of
the Interior decided that they could not do it.
The matter was referred to the Attorney Gen-
eral and he confirmed the opinion of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, holding that they could
not change their filing from the Republican :
without an act of Congress, having once filed a !
plat and other parties having obtained vested 1
rights consequent upon it. That is why this
hill is brought in, to enable them to do what
they cannot do without an act of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. We shall understand now
why this bill is brought in here. In my opinion
this legislation is entirely wrong, and we should
have no legislation whatever in regard to this
road. I think it is time the matter was settled.
This is a disturbing bill, a bill calculated to
disturb the construction of the Pacific railroad.
If I understand_ the state of things correctly,
the Union Pacific Railroad Company have al-
ready expended $10,000,000 in building their
road; they have completed one hundred miles
of their road; they have graded another one
hundred miles; they have bought iron for three
hundred miles of road.
Mr. HENDERSON. You mean the branch
road from Omaha.
Mr. WILSON. I mean the road from Omaha.
They have mortgaged their road over the whole
line. They are now engaged in trying to bor-
rqw 320,000,000 in Europe on a first mortgage,
and they have assured the capitalists of our
country and of other countries that no legisla-
tion would be had in this matter. They claim
that, they have vested rights over this road; that
they have put their money in it; that they have
Sorrowed money on it; that they have received
from the Federal Government only $1,040,000,
and have raised and'expended and agreed to
pay into this road $16,000,000; that they are
ahead of their time now, and are the only com-
pany that are ahead in that particular. These
are the statements they make.
I believe these statements to be true. I be-
lieve these people have entered upon the con-
struction of this road in good faith, and that
it is a violation of their rights to pass the first
or the second section of this bill. It was agreed
here that the California Pacific Railroad Com-
pany should come one hundred and fifty miles
east of the line of California. Now it is pro-
posed that they may come just as far east as
tliey please. They cannot get one hundred
and fifty miles under four or five years.
Mr. CONNESS. How does the Senator
know that?
Mr. WILSON. I am informed that that is
the fact.
Mr. CONNESS. You are informed wrongly,
sir.
Mr. WILSON. That may be true ; but the
information comes from gentlemen who under-
stand this whole matter quite as well as the
Senator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. We will see about that.
Mr. WILSON. How much of their road
have they,built? How near the California
line are they?
Mr. CONNESS. I will not disturb the Sen-
ator further, but he will be replied to. I wish
the Senator to get through and we shall see
how much he knows about the subject.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, I asked
the Senator a question, and I have not re-
ceived an answer. My statement is that the
Central Pacific Railroad Company of Califor-
nia were required to build twenty-five miles a
year; that they were allowed to come one hun-
dred and fifty miles this side of the line of Cal-
ifornia ; that they have not reached the line of
California; that they will not reach it under
two or three years; that it will take two or three
years to complete the one hundred and fifty
miles now allowed. I may be mistaken in this
matter, but I have the information on very good
authority.
It is not for us to legislate here for any par-
ticular localities nor to take care of anybody's
special interests. Here is a road commenced
at Omaha, approved the 1st day of last Octo-
ber by the President 
Mr. STEWART. Whose fault is it that it
was not approved three years before?
Mr. WILSON. It was approved last Octo-
ber. Since that time they have built one hun-
dred miles of that road, and have that many
miles now completed. They have graded an-
other hundred miles ; they have purchased the
iron and the ties for three hundred miles of
the road and are proceeding with their busi-
ness. They are endeavoring now to borrow
$'20,000,000 to put in and to complete it. And
now, sir, you propose to take this Kansas branch
road and make it for two hundred miles or
more (instead of a part of that road as now
required) a competing line, to run it away to
the south to connect beyond Denver. That is
the proposition, to make it a competing line, in-
instead of uniting east of the one hundredth me-
ridian of longitude and being part of the same
road. There is not a man in America who
believes that investments in the main trunk, it
being assumed that the lino from Omaha is to
be the main trunk, are as safe as they would be
without this legislation, or who believes that
this legislation can contribute to the rapid
completion of the Pacific railroad which we
all desire. For that reason I am in favor of
striking out the first section of this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator from Massachusetts a question. I
say that the company of which he speaks, the
main Pacific Railroad Company, has subsidy
enough to build the road without taking one
dollar from its pocket. It is all moonshine to
talk about their borrowing money. The Gov-
ernment gives money enough to build that road. ,
But I ask the Senator, if that company cannot
build their road with the Government subsidy,
how is Mr. Perry to build this branch out to
Denver without any Government subsidy at
all, out of his own pocket?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell how Mr. Perry
is to do it, and I do not suppose anybody knows
whether he can do it. The Senator says he
will do it. They have not yet done any of these
things.
Mr. HENDERSON. He has built more
road than the Omaha branch has built. He is
further west now than the Omaha branch, and
the Senator says that company has expended
$10,000,000.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator is here now
asking for this legislation because they have
not yet filed their plat.
Mr. HENDERSON. Neither have you. If
any plats were filed, we were just as prompt as
the other road. The other road had the very
same legislation in 1804 that we had, giving
them further time.
Mr. WILSON. I think they had better rest
on the legislation they have already got. If
the parties have complied svith it, very well;
if they have not, Tet them go. I thought it
was very unwise legislation which in 1861 gave
them the privilege to go south.
Mr. HENDERSON. What damage does
this proposed legislation do to the main Pacific
road ? I know that there is a great deal of
capital invested in that road in the Senator's
town; but there is some capital in the Sen-
ator's town invested in this other road; but
those so investing have not been so noisy,
perhaps, and have not attempted to deceive
his mind on the subject as the capitalists inter-
ested in the Omaha branch; perhaps not so
many banking institutions have been estab-
lished upon it; perhaps no credits mobilier or
credits fonder have been established on that
line ; but I can state to him that we have built
just as much road as the other company; we
have gone further west, and it is a more im-
portant road than the other. If this bill is to
affect the credit of that company in Europe,
it will be simply because for two hundred miles
the travel from Denver will be over a separate
road instead of being thrown upon die Union
Pacific railroad. That is to say, the trans-
portation of passengers and freight between
St. Louis and the Pacific will, by this bill, be
saved two hundred miles of transit upon the
main stem, but after the junction is made it
goes over the main stem. That is the only
effect it can have. The main road is left with
all the money to which it is entitled, with all
the means which it has, with all the capital it
ever had, and this bill cannot effect its interests
except in the way I have just stated.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts has remarked that the
Union Pacific Railroad Company have exe-
cuted a mortgage upon theircntire line of road,
and that their agents are now in Europe for
the purpose of negotiating for a loan of money
based upon that mortgage. I should be very
sorry indeed to see any act passed or any
attempt to pass an act which should affeet
seriously the credit of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company in Europe or in this country;
I should shrink before such an attempt and be
extremely unwilling to be a party to it; but I
wish the Senate and the country to be clearly
informed upon this very delicate point in their
case.
Now, Mr. President, what are the rights of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company in refer-
ence to mortgaging their line of road ? Let us
understand it clearly, and let the world under-
stand it clearly, and let us endeavor to prevent
any mistake or misapprehension upon a point
of so much importance. By the act of 1862
that company was not allowed to mortgage its
road at all. The following was the language of
the statute:
" That for the purposes herein mentioned, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall, upon the certificate in
writing of said.commissiotiers of the completion and
equipment of forty consecutive miles of said railroad
