2300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
other matters relating to them, in a military
court, or in any other manner deemed advisa-
ble by Congress. The names of these peti-
tioners are attached to the petition, together
■with an affidavit, stating that the parties who
have signed it are personally known to the affi-
ant, that they are citizens of said county of
Augusta, and that the affiant verily believes the
persons therein named are good and loyal citi-
zens to the Government of the United States,
and were such during the late war. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
pn Military Affairs and the Militia, as the par-
ties seek military protection.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Menomonee, in the State of Wisconsin, pray-
ing for an appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor at the mouth of Fox river, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. MORGAN presented additional papers
relating to the claim of the Mercantile Mutual
Insurance Company, ofNewYork, forthe issu-
ance to them of $8,000 in legal-tender notes in
lieu of notes which they allege were lost in
the United States mails by the sinking of the
steamer Quincy; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of Charles and Henry W. Spencer, of St. Louis,
Missouri, praying for relief for an alleged illegal
seizure of their trading boat, O. K; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Ethan Hay Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke,
prayingfor the confirmation to them of the title
to ccrtain lands purchased of John Underwood
by their grandfather, under a grant from the
Spanish Government; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Sir. JOHNSON. I present the petition of
W. M. Langhorn, and some forty-eight other
persons, citizens of the city and neighborhood
of Lynchburg, in Virginia, stating that by an act
passed in 1861 by the Legislature of Virginia,
some of the petitioners were incorporated into
a body-politic and corporate for the education
of the deaf and dumb and blind, and among
Others the deaf and dumb and blind negroes
who were then in the State of Virginia. They
state that emancipation has increased the num-
ber calling for such education very much; that
they propose to teach them some art or handi
craft, but find it impossible to accomplish the
object they have in view if they are subjected
to Slate and Federal taxation ; and they pray
that Congress may exempt them from the tax-
ation of the United States. I move the refer-
ence of the petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. IIOWE. Yesterday, while I was attempt-
ing to make a personal explanation of a dis-
Siifeii found in the columns of the New York
[eruld, I was understood by the reporter of
the Associated Press to quote'a remark from
the Postmaster General. The Globe will show
that the quotation I marie was from the first
Assistant Postmaster General. 1 hope the
reporter for the Associated Press will make
the correction, as it is due to the Postmaster
General that it should be made and as widely
disseminated as the mistake was. It was un-
doubtedly a mistake.
BUil.NINC) OF COLUMBIA, SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I received
yesterday a note, dated the 21st of April, from
General W ade Hampton, who is known to the
members of the Senate as having actively par-
ticipated in the war of the rebellion, sending
me a formal letter dated on the same day, in
which lie complains that injustice has been
done him by a letter from General Sherman in
relation to the burning of the town of Colum-
bia, South Carolina. I can better make the
writer understood by reading that portion of
the letter, and 1 proceed to do so:
"A few days ago I saw in the published proceedings
of Congress that a petition from Benjamin Bawls,
of Columbia, South Carolina, asking compensation
for the destruction of his house by the Federal Army
in February, 1865, had been presented to theSenate,
accompanied by a letter from Major General Sher-
man. In this letter General Sherman uses the fol-
lowing language: 'They [the citizens of Columbia]
set fire to thousands of bales of cotton rolled out into
the streets and which were burning before we entered
Columbia. I myself was in the city as early as noon,
and I sawtheir fires and knewtbateffortswere made
to extinguish them: but a high and strong wind kept
them alive. I gave no order for the burning of your
city, but on the contrary, the reverse, and I believe
the conflagration resulted fromthegreat imprudence
of cutting the cotton bales,whereby the eontentswere
spread to thewindsso that itbocame an impossibility
to arrest the fire. I saw in your Columbia newspa-
pers the printed order of General Wade Hampton,
that on the approach of the Yankee army all thecot-
ton should thus be burned, and from what I saw my-
self, I have no hesitation in saying that he was the
cause of the destruction of your city.'"
That ends the quotation from General Sher-
man, and then General Hampton proceeds
to say:
"This grave charge made against me by General
Sherman having been brought before the Senate of
the United States. X am naturally most solicitous to
vindicate myself before the same tribunal. But my
State has no representation in that body."
And therefore he writes to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Read it all.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will.
"Those who should be her constitutional representa-
tives and exponents there are debarred the right of
entrance. In those Halls there are none who have
the right to speak for the South : none to participate
in the legislation which governs her; none to im-
pose the taxes she is called on to pay: and none to
defend her or to vindicatehersons from misrepresen-
tation, injustice, or slander. Under these circum-
stances I appealtoyou in theconfidenthope thatyou
will use every effort to see that justice is done in this
matter. I deny emphatically that any cotton was
fired in Columbia by my order; I deny that, the citi-
zens 'set fire to thousands of bales rolled out into the
streets;' I deny that any cotton was on fire when the
Federal troops entered the city. And I most respect-
fully ask Congress to appoint a committee, charged
with the duty of ascertaining and reporting all the
tacts connected with the destruction ol Columbia, and
thus fixing upon the proper author of that enormous
crime the infamy he so richly deserves. I am willing
to submit hercasetoanyhonesttribunal. Before an;'
such, I pledge myself to prove that I gave positive
orders, by direction of General Beauregard, that no
cotton should be fired; that not one bale was on fire
when Sherman's troops took possession of the city;
that ho promised protection to the city, and that in
spite of this solemn promise bis soldiers burned it to
the ground, deliberately, systematically, and atro-
ciously. f fherefoie mostcamestly request that Con-
gress may take prompt and efficient measures to in-
vestigate this matter fully. ISot only is this due to
themselves and tothe reputation of theUnitcd States
Airay, but also to justice and totruth. Trusting that
you will pardon me for ti oubling you,
"1 am, very respectfully,
"WADE HAMPTON"."
Mr. President, I need not say that I have
not the slightest suspicion, even, that-the charge
which the writer of this letter supposes Gen-
eral Sherman to be subjected to is true. There
must be a mistake somewhere. It is equally
impossible to those who know General Sher-
man to suppose that he did not believe every-
thing that he stated in the communication
which is here quoted. Whether he was mis-
informed, or whether General Hampton was
misinformed. I know not. It is due, however,
to an acquaintance with General Hampton,
commenced long before this rebellion broke
out, that I should say that in point of private
character, in point of veracity, he stood as
high as General Sherman can stand now ; and
that is giving him as much praise as can be
bestowed upon him. I know not how his object
can be accomplished, and I will therefore ask
that the letter be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. I do not suppose that the
Senate would be willing to appoint a special
committee to investigate the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
excuse me for a moment, I desire to say a
word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely wish to make a
suggestion that it may be put on record.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only desire to say that
this practice of reading in the Senate private
letters, with reference to complaints and diffi-
culties between gentlemen out of doors, and
catling the attention of the Senate to them, is
a practice which has grown up lately, which is
very wrong, and which takes up a great deal
of our time, aud is very improper. Here is a
question of veracity, or something of the sort,
between two gentlemen, neither of whom is a
member of this body, one a general in our Array
and one a general in the rebel army. This is
not the place to settle those questions. The
practice that has grown up even in public
speeches, or speeches addressed to the Senate,
of reading private letters without signatures,
or at least not reading the signatures, or even
with the signatures, is only calculated to take
up time; it has nothing to. do in reality with
the business of Congress. More especially ia
it objectionable to bring up matters in refer-
ence to gentlemen out of doors and calling on
the Senate or the House of Representatives to
khear their differences and settle them. If they
ask any action of Congress, let them address
a memorial to this body or the other House in
proper shape and call for action.
I, of course, do not wish to blame my friend
from Maryland; he is only following the exam-
ple of others in relation to the matter; but I
wish to enter my protest against the whole
thing, and in future I give notice that I shall
object to the reading of any of these letters with,
reference to out-of-door matters ivith which we
really have nothing to do. We are not a tri-
bunal, or an arbitration, or referees to settle
these difficulties between gentlemen out of
doors, whatever maybe their position and how-
ever high. We have nothing to do with them.
It only interrupts the proceedings of this body
and takes up time which should be devoted to
other things, in my judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot allow the charge
of this most impudent rebel against the whole
of an army to be entered upon the records of
the Senate without a promptanswer, and I think
it will be a very complete one. The honorable
Senator from Maryland vouches for the pre-
viousgood characterofGeneral Wade Hampton
prior to this rebellion. Perhaps he would not
be willing to vouch for it if he knew tfce entire
history of Wade Hampton during this war.
The charge made by General Sherman was
made in the course of his official duties in an
official report. A citizen of Columbia, South
Carolina, by the name of Benjamin Rawls, be-
lieving himself to be aggrieved, sent a petition
to this body, and asked me to present it, claim-
ing damages for property alleged to have been
destroyed by our army in the burning of Co-
lumbia. In presenting that petition, 1 stated to
the Senate the reasons, which in my judgment
were sufficient, why it should not be granted;
and read a statement from General Sherman,
showing that the burning of Columbia was
really caused by the previous policy of Wade
Hampton. General Sherman did not allege
that Wade Hampton set fire to the city of Co-
lumbia, or that his rebel array set fire to the
city of Columbia, or that he ordered it to be
done; but simply, that, his previous orders were
the inducing cause of the burning of Columbia.
I asserted that citizens or inhabitants of Co-
lumbia itself did set fire to Columbia, and that
the scattering of cotton in the open streets and
squares spread the fire that destroyed it; and
therefore Benjamin Rawls must look to his
neighbors or to General Wade Hampton, who
scattered this cotton, for his loss.
Now, sir, this letter does not deny the real
assertion made by General Sherman. I have
the'papers now before me showing conclusively
from official records that General Sherman's
assertion was true, and that he was justified in
saying that General Wade Hampton was the
cause of the burning of Columbia. He com-
manded the rear guard of the rebels, and,
indeed, made but little opposition to the march
of General Sherman through the vaunted State
of South Carolina, except the burning of cot-
ton. _ This_ was the only resistance our army
met in all its inarch through South Carolina,
unless it would be probably the skirmish at
the Salkahatchie. Jn other States General
Sherman found an enemy, but in that pesti-
lent State General Hampton resisted him by
bunting cotton. I have here upon this very
point the official record of General Howard,
who certainly for veracity would stand aga'inst
