1666.
TBI
m
Mr. BOUTWELL. Yery well; if there is
no objection, I will make such explanations as
I am able to ipake, and such, as may be desired
by gentlemen; and the time may be considered
as taken from what I would be entitled to use
after the previous question is seconded.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 must object to that,
unless others are allowed to state thfsir objec-
tions to this bill.
. ' Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Has not the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout'.yell]
the right to go on for an hour, then call the
previous question, and if that call is sustained,
close the debate with another hour?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has already used up the hour allowed
him to open tlio debate.
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. I should
be glad to hear the remarks of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, although I propose to settle
the whole matter by moving to lay the bill and
pending amendments on the table.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In order to givemem-
bers a further opportunity to consider this bill,
and to debate it if they please, I will move to
refer this bill with the pending amendments to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. 1 rise to a point of order.
I submit that the time of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell J has expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair allows the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to occupy the floor
till he decides what motion he will make. lie
will please decide as soon as possible. The
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldmdue]
objects to further debate unless other members
be allowed to take part in the debate.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Undertheeircumstances,
Mr. Speaker, I am disposed to settle this matter
to-day if we can. I will therefore demand the
previous question, although I would not do so
under other circumstances.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the bill, with the
pending amendments, be laid on the table, and
on that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 120, says 32, not voting
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
Delos 11. Ashley, Baker, Baxter, BeamanJ'eiijamin,
Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boj'er.Brandegee,-
Bromwell, Brooks, Buckland, Ohanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook.Culloin, Darling, Davis,
Dawson, Defrecs, Delano, Doming, Denison, Dixon,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Eldridge, Fnrquhar, Ferry,
Finck^ Glossbrenner, Goodyear,. Grisivold, Hale,
Aaron Ilarding, Abncr 0. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
Henderson, Hill, Hoga.n, Holmes, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James
B. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, James M.
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jonekes, Johnson, Jones, Ju-
lian. Kasson, Kellev, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Longyear, Mar-
shall, Marston, Marvin, MeClurg, McCullough, Mc-
Iiee, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead, -Morrill, Moulton,
Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,0rth, Paine, Pat-
terson, Perham, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, John H.
Bice, Patter, Rogers, Boss, Sawyer, Sehenek, Seofield,
Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding,
Starr, Still well, Strouse, Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Ward. "Warner, Elihu B. Washburno,
"Walker, Stephen 1. Wilson, and "Winfield—120. .
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin,
Barker, Boutwell, Broomall, Dawes Driggs. Eeklev,
Eliot, (iarfield, Grinnell, Higby, Hooper, John H.
Hubbard, Ketoham, George V. Lawrence, Morris,
O'Neill. Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall,
Baymond, Alexander 11. Rice, Rollins, Smith, Ste-
vens, William B. Washburn, James 1?. Wilson, Win-
doni, and Woodbridge—32.
NOT V OX IN G—Messrs. Banks, Blow, Bundy, Cobb,
Conkling, Culver, Dumont, Farnsworth,Grider, Har-
ris, Hotehkiss,DemasHubbard,Kelso, Laflin, Lynch,
Melndoe, Melt tier, Newell, Pike, Radford, Rousseau,
Taber, John L. Thomas, Bart Van Horn, Robert, T.
Van Horn, Voorhees, Wentworth, Wkaley, Williams,
and Wright—30,
Mr. SMITH. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken. I desire that that motion shall bo
entered.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order,
which is that the gentleman irom Kentucky
[Mr. Smith] has na right to make the motion
to reconsider, as he did not vote with the pre-
vailing side.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentlfnww from
Kentucky vote with the prevaifidg side?
Mr. SMITH. I voted" no."
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Kentucky has not the right to make the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. FINCK. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill and amendments were laid
on the table; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE Oi' ABSENCE.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. My colleague, Mr. Newell, is absent
on account of the death of his uncle, and he
will necessarily be away all the week. He had,
not the opportunity to obtain leave of absence
before he went away. 'I now ask leave of ab-
sence for him.
Leave was granted.
DISTRICT COURT IN MAINE.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment, a bill (ll.'R. No. 84) entitled "An act to
regulate the times and places of holding the U ni-
ted States district com t of the United States
within and for the district of Maine."
The amendment reported by the committee,
which was read, proposes To strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill, as follows:
That, in addition to the salary now fixed by law for
the judge of tlio United States district court for said
district, there shall be allowed and paid him tor his
travel from the place of his abode to the said several
places of holding said terms of said court, at the rate
of twenty cents per mile for going and twenty cents
per mile for returning.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I hope that the
amendment will not prevail. The object of the
bill is to make two additional terms of the court
in different parts of the State. It increases the
traveling expenses of the .judge. The position
he holds is a responsible one, necessitating
large labor, and requiring judicial learning and
capacity, both of which 1 lie judge now possesses
in a high degree. The present salary is $2,000,
a scanty sum, certainly, for such a place.
The efl'cct of the amendment would be to pay
the traveling expenses of the judge while hold-
ing his court in the remoter sections of the State,
giving him but a small additional compensa-
tion, I cannot say how much, but perhaps a
couple of hundred dollars a year. And I hope,
Mr. Speaker, that the House will not concur
•with the committee, but will allow the section
to stand as in the bill 1 presented.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
second section provides a mode for increasing
the salary of the United States district judge
for the dibtrict of Maine; but I think instead
of increasing the compensation of the judge
only S200 a year, it will increase it from five
hundred to a thousand dollars a year. It will
be observed that the mileage provided in the
section is twenty cents per mile.
The Judiciary Committee have reported
against all propositions to increase the com-
pensation of judges of United States courts, not
because it was believed they are paid such sal-
aries as persons should receive in positions of
that kind, but because the House has invariably
voted down propositions of this character. We
have propositions from other sources to increase
the salaries of other judges; and we presumed it
to be best in this iirst report to report adversely
as an indication of what will follow in all other
eases.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I will say, with
the gentleman's permission, that I spoke some-
what at random about the sum necessary to pay
travel as provided in the bill, and if lie has nrade
calculations it may be that he is nearer right
than I am. If so," I am willing to modify my
proposition so far as to take one half the amount
he names.
This is not an ordinary case of increase of
pay, because the bill imposes additional duties,
and those additional duties consist of this addi-
tional travel, involving additional expense.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not fix the amount
of increase of salary in the bill so that we may
understand exactly what it is?
Mr. PIKE- J hav# abje^n.to.thafc, <1
am Filling fliat it be 'pr^iijed. in,,"
crease shall net exceed a certain gum in any
one year.
' Mr.€0N5LISfft Isfl^efttothpgeatjenw
from iQwa that -this-House ha^Bot^niforB^
been opposed to jnei-e&siiigifcl^gftarj^a'pf^ttdgs^;
I remember, is tlx© 4istasfe't ifi -wMSi I live, thiji
salary of the judge has been increased
three years; perhaps moreTeceniily'j within trw ,
years. * I doubt very much whether the' House
would now object tQ an increase of ga.l«vf£,so
much as they object to. an indirect mcreaf^,
which may be more, or wtuch uiay be leas.
Mr. PIKE. To, meet the yiews of the gentle-
man from New York, 1 will move to add th$t
the additional pay. shall not exceed the jim' of
§300 in any one year.
The SPEAKER, poes the gehtlenj&n. fro®
Iowa yield for that purpose?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. . I cannot accept that
modification of the amendment of the commit-,
tee; but I am willing to allow the sense of t]j$
House to be taken on the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I will say, with the permission of
the gentleman from Iowa, one word further on
this subject. This bill calls for the holding of
court at places more than two hundred mile?
distant from the residence of the judge, a great
part of the way by stage route, so that the ex-
panses to be incurred by the judge iu_ holding
these additional terms approximate, if they do
not exceed, the proposed addition to his salary.
I now move the amendment which. I have sug:
gested,that the increase, shall not exceed $30Q
in any one year.
Mr.WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, If this court
be abolished, the £300 will go on.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The House divided on Mr. Pike's amend-
ment; and there were—ayes 71, noes 23.
Mr. WASlIBUIiNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on striking out the
section as amended.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and uays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to inquire where
the court is now held.
Mr. PIKE. In Portland, Wiseasset, and
Bangor.
Mr. STEVENS. How large will the circuit
be ?
Mr. PIKE. From Portland, where the judge
resides, to Machias—some two hundred miles.
Mr. STEVENS. Overthose corduroy roads?
Mr. PIKE. A great portion of it is by stage.
Mr. BliOMWELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Maine what salary the judge
now receives.
Mr. PIKE. Two thousand doll^s.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 73, not voting
37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
James M.A=hley,Baker, Benjamin,Boutwell Brande-
gee, Broomall, Buckland. Render W. Ohirke, Cook,
Cullom, Pavis. Defrees, Delano, Doming, Denison,
BldridttO, Fnrnswortli, Perry, Knelt, Garfield, Good-
year, Aaron Harding, Abn or' C. Harding, Hart Hayes.
Henderson, Holmes, Chester 1). Hubbard, i'xlwm. >.
Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Kelso, Latham, W llliam
ret, Mc-
Plants,
 ,   .«s, Sco-
fiolcl, khcllabarser. Sitsreavos. Sloan, Starr, Stillwell,
Tailor, Thaver, Thornton, Trimble, Van Acrnam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Elihn B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Wtlkcr, Williams, James J?.
Wilson, and Stephen V. WUson-72.
KAYS — Mossrs. Alley, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Bergen, Bidvell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Biomwell, Cbanler, Colliding. Barling, Dawes, DaW-
son, Dixon, Donnelly, Driges,Eckiev,Eggle*ton, Eliot,
Farquhar, Glossbreinicr, Grinnell, Hale, Higby, Hill,
Hooper, Asabcl W. Hubbard, Denias Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Hulburd, James Humphrey, James M.
Humphrey, lngersoll, J euckos, Jones, Kasson, Xelley,
Kerr, Ketdiam, Kuykendall, George V. ^awreneo,
Longvear. Lynch. Marshall. Marvin, ArcCidlonsrJ,
Mercur. Miller. Moorhead, Nicholson, Weill, Per-
ham  Pike, Pomeroy, Samuel J- Jtasdall, Raymond,
