1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
side of the lino in reference to cattle and the
variety of products of our own agricultural in-
terest? In the East vour support depends upon
your manufactures, and you ask and get pro-
tection tor them. (Air support depends on our
cattle, our grain, and other agricultural prod-
ucl s. I would in this respect give such protec-
tion to each section of the country that it can
live. We must have it in the West.
Here let me throw out a hint to gentlemen
011 the other side of the House. The West is
rapidly growing not only in wealth but in pop-
ulation. The State of Illinois since 18(j0 has
increased live hundred thousand in population.
Up to the next census we may presume her
population will increase in a like ratio, and her
representation upon this floor will be increased
in a proportionate degree. Such will be the
ease with Ohio and Indiana, and with Ken-"
tueky and Tennessee, and the whole western
country, as well as with the South. Especially
sucli will be the case with Missouri, for 1 must
not leave her out. What will be the result
then? Then you must see the West and the
South will stand with a mighty force in Con-
gress. and will compel you to give protection
to their agricultural interests.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating the debate
on this paragraph.
Mr. SMITH. 1 have not interrupted the
committee before, and I hope the gentleman
will yield to me to finish what I have to say.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my motion, so
that the gentleman may continue his remarks.
Mr. SMI TH. Mr. Chairman. I am tired and
sick of the doctrine enunciated in the country
of "fiee trade and sailors' rights." I do not
believe in any such doctrine. I believe in giv-
ing the whole people full and free protection.
When the people of New England demand the
highest price for all of their manufactures, why
should they not give, a good price for the corn,
flour, and other products of the West? "U lien
we are asked to protect the manufactures of
New England from competition, why should
not the products of the ^ est bo also protected
from foreign competition? We are told that
things are moving in Canada; that will end in
a little while in her annexation to the United
States. In that event we shall not need any
such a tariff.
I say let us give protection to our people in
every avocation of life and in every section of
country. Let the people of the New England
States,' the people of the whole East, remem-
ber that they live through and by the great
western country. They cannot live without us.
If we are afforded reciprocal protection we can
live prosperous and happy. Then it will not
be long before we shall be able to pay off our
national debt.
Take the single article of wool. We can pro-
dace all we want in the United States. 'J he
western country has fenitory enough to pro-
duce wool for all the w~orld. W lay, then, should
it be brought into the country, to keep it down
at a lo>v price, while you keep up the manufac-
tures at a high price? It is a wrong principle
which we ought to set our faces against.
Mr. MO 11 LULL. 1 move by unanimous con-
sent all debate be terminated on the pending
paragraph.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. Rows's amendment was adopted.
Mr. IIULBURD. I move to add:
Pruriilcil, Milch cows shall bo twenty per emit,. ad
valorem.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PRICE T move to amend by striking
out ''ten" and inserting ''fifteen," so it will
rood :
' U'irlov, not including pearl or hulled, fifteen cents
per bu.Micl. , .
Mr. Chairman. I understand that makes it m
accordance with the present tariff, fhat is one
reason for the amendment. I hen there are
other reasons; and I will say here what I have
to say in reference to the several items of this '
section, beef, pork, lard, Hour, grain, &c. !
What 1 have to say will apply with equal |
force to all of these. 'i
I heard the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofielji,] whose, opinions are generally
good upon questions of this kind, make use of
the declaration, a very few minutes ago, that,
there was no competition in regard to the agri-
cultural products of the country, that the farm-
ers had the entire field to themselves. Now, if
that is true why introduce this bill? If there
is no competition and no danger of competition
in regard to such articles as wheat, corn, bar-
ley, rye, pork, lard, hams, &e., coming in
from Canada, then why have such a bill as
this at all before us? The very fact that we
are considering it is evidence conclusive that
these tilings do come from Canada and com-
pete with us. And when it is a notorious fact
that, the great prairies of 1he West can raise,
biead and meat enough for the habitable globe,
I want to know why we .should have anything
come from any other country unless it pays
well for the privilege?
I have no disposition to protect one part of
the country at the expense of the other, but
while it is clearly the duty of American states-
men to protect our own manufactures and our
productive interests in one section of the coun-
try, it is clearly their duty to protect them in all
sections of our common country.
Those arguments apply not only to the para-
graph under consideration, but to the entire
bill with equal force. And I hope those who
represent the grain-growing sections of the
West will look well to this matter, i f we were
not able to produce enough for the consump-
tion of our own country and have a surplus
left for other countries, then we might need
some such bill as this. But when we are able
to send abroad a surplus of our own products,
it is manifestly our duty, as well as the dictate
of sound policy, to protect the agricultural in-
terest, of the country. You may talk about your
manufacturing, commercial, and other interests
of the country, but it is the agricultural that
underlies all the others, and furnishes the foun-
dationofall our prosperity. Without it they must
all wither, droop, and die; with it all may be
made successful and prosperous. And it is there-
fore the first duty of statesmen in framing a
tariff for the country to see that the agricultural
interests are well and safely protected, so that
all the other interests may piosper in their
turn.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I do not
want to discuss the tariff. But I am surprised
to hear that motion come from the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Prick,] and first because he
is a temperance man. Sir, the best way to
promote temperance in this country is to have
people drink'lager beer instead of whisky and
high-wines.
Mr. STEVENS. Wily not water?
Mr. BROOKS. Water is very good, but
people are not content with it. They will have
something else—tea and coffee—even the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] him-
self.
Now-, here is a proposition to increase the
price of beer to the laboring classes, although
gentlemen desire to further the cause of tem-'
perance. The most temperate countries on
earth are those where the people drink cheap
wines and lager beer, wdiile those in which they
drink, as our' people do, stronger liquors, are
the most intemperate. And yet you propose
to increase the price of lager.
In the second place I am surprised because
this is a direct blow at the revenue. There is
already now a revenue of Sf>,000,000 derived
from lager beer, and it is increasing at the rate
of ten per cent, per annum. And now it is pro-
posed to raise the duty on Canadian barley
from nothing to fifteen cents per bushel, which
must have an effect on the consumption of lager
beer.
As to protection of the agricultural class, you
cannot have it in a country like this where your
prices are fixed not even by those of the New
York market, but by those of Liverpool, Lon'
don, and Havre. The price of wheat is not
regulated in New York, nor Iowa, but in the
great markets of Europe. And the duty you
impose upon it by this bill is to have an effect
upon that. Wheat that now comes from Can-
ada directly through New York, and is exported
in American vessels, will take the circuitous
routo of the river St. Lawrence to the English
and European markets, and the price is to be
fixed by the price it brings at Liverpool and
Havre, and not in New York; and then we lose
the transfer of the freight. We cannot lyive
protection for wheat and many of those articles,
the price of which is not regulated in the Uni-
ted States, but in the groat marts of Europe.
Your competition is not with Canada, but with
the region of the Baltic and the region of the
Clack sea. You must reduce your wheat to
their prices, without any reference to the Ca-
nadian market, so that it is impossible to have
any protection upon that subject.
This matter might be unfolded to a great
length, if there was time for it: but it cannot
be properly done in the five minutes that are
allowed. Our agricultural interests must real-
ize from the fertility of their soil, from the facil-
ities of their communication with the Atlan-
tic coast, and the rapid transfer of their pro-
ducts over railroads and canals. Those alone
are 1lie means to protect the industry of our
farms.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of closing debate upon
this paragraph.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to reply to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The CHAIRMAN'- Debute is closed upon
tile amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I must insist on my motion
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to. ,
So the committee rose ; and the Speakerhav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Ixfticiisou. reported
that the Committee of the W hole oil the state
ol'the Unionhadhad the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the bill of the
House (No. 337) regulating trade with the Brit-
ish North American possessions, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
CLOSE OK DE15ATK.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the W'hole on the state ot the
Union on the pending paragraph, and the
amendment fheieto, of the bill now before the
committee, terminate in five minutes after the
committee shall resume the consideration of
the same.
Mr. GR1NNELL. I move to amend that
motion by making it three minutes instead of
five minutes.
The amendment of Mr. Grixxei.l was not
agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Moiuull was agreed to.
.MESSAOU ¥11051 T1IE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Wiixiaii
.T. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Senate had passed House bill
No. 135. extending the time for withdrawal of
goods for consumption-from bonded stores and
public warehouses, and for other purposes, with
sundry amendments, in which he was directed
to request the concurrence of the House.
TRADE WITIt BRITISH AMERICA AGAIN.
Mr. MORRJ LL. I now move that the rales
be suspended, and that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the stale
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
IxGKUSOLLin the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill^No. :j;;7, regulating
trade with the British North American pos-
sessions.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Price to make the duty upon barley
fifteen cents instead of ten cents per bushel.
