278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Alexander H. Bice, John H. Bice. Bogers. Saw-
yer, Schenck, Spalding, Stevens, Strouse, Francis
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Warner, Windom, and
Wmfi<4d~73. _ ,
"NOT VOTING—Delos B. Ashley, Banks,
Boyer, Brooks, Bandy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Culver,
Dumont, Grider, Griswold, Huriis, Hocaii, Hotchkiss,
Johnson, Julian, Laflin, Mclndoe, MoBucr, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, Nocll, Patterson, Phelps, Radford,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Smith, Xaher, John L. Thomas,
Burt Van Hum, Voorhees, Wentworth, Whaley,
Woodbridjre, and Wright—37.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to "be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question, on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved (hat the motion to reconsider bo laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stmt'iur.b in the wstrtct OV columbia.
The morning hour having expired, the House
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. II.
No. 1) extending the right of suffrage in the
District of Columbia; on which Mr. Darling
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 ask the gentle-
man from New fork [Mr. Duilixy;'] to yield
to me a moment, that. 1 may make a brief state-
ment in regard to the bill under consideration.
Mr. l)Ai;iiIX(i. 1 \ield u> (lie gentleman
for t hat purpose.
Mi. WILSON", of Iowa. Several gentlemen
desire to be heard on thin bill, a <1 yel I think
we may a! this time fix an hour for talking a
vole on the pending question, 1 suggest, there-
fore, that halt'pa«t three o'clock to-morrow be
fixed as the time for taking the vote. I believe
the gentlemen who desire yet to be, heard will
have ample lime, if we fix thai hour, to make
their speeches. Of course 1 desire, after tin- de-
bate is closed, time to reply, it' I find it neces-
sary to do so.
I wish to state in addition that, in order that
there may lie a full understanding, 1 accept the
amendment moved by the gentleman from New
York [-Mr. ll.vLt-'.j to my motion to recommit
the bill, in order thai, there may be a vote had
upon that motion, with the instruction thus in-
cluded. II was my intention, when 1 made the
motion, to withdraw it without, asking a \ ote on
it.', but. several gentlemen desire a\ote upon
this instruction, and theiefoie, for the, purpose
of enabling them to have that, vote, I accept,
the amendment., so as to allow the vote upon
that motion to recommit with instruction;
Mr. STFA HNS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to be in favor
of the amendment, or only of allowing the mo-
tion to bo made?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Thai, motion is al-
ready pending. ! shall myself vole against the
motion thus modified. But Idesiretoall'ord gen-
tlemen an opportunit v f o \ ote upon it, as many of
tliem I know desire that T should do so. There-
fore. at the time I suggested to-morrow, I shall
move the previous question on the question.
Mr. C0KKL1XG. Before my colleague pro-
ceeds, I ask him to yield to mo not exceeding
five minutes.
Mr. DAULlNGr. Certainly.
Mr. CONKL1NO. I avail myself of the
courtesy of my colleague to save the trouble of
answering by letter some inquiries and misun-
derstanding with regard to a proposed consti-
tutional amendment which I introduced a day
ortwoago. Byinadveitenccnodoubt. forwhieh
nobody is to blame, thereportin the Associated
Pre1-.-: mang-enl the amendment into nonsense.
I he two amendments proposed in alternative
are in tne report fused into one. and misstated in
addition. A special dispatch to the Tribune im-
plies tnatthe poinl.ol the amendment is to con-
fine tin basis of representation to " citizens'' a?
distinguished from ''persons.'' I beg to say
therefore, first, that the purpose is notat all to
restrict the basis of representation to citizens.
No such point as that was considered at alias the
object aimed at in preparing the amendment.
That question is foreign from the spirit of the
amendment; entirely independent of it. The
use of the word "person" orthe word "citizen"
disposes of that question in all amendments on
this subject alike; and the one basis or the other
does not enter into the motive or object of my
proposition. The idea is wholly different. My
sole purpose is to get rid of the present injus-
tice and inequality of representation between
different sections of the country, arising from
the fact, that four million people who have now
no political rights are, in the present condi-
tion of things, to be represented in Congress
whenever southern Representatives shall bo
admitted to seats. The' entire object, is to de-
vise such a mode of adjusting representation
that if race or color is made a ground for with-
holding political or civil rights the consequence
shall be to deduct, the whole of that race from
the enumeration upon which political power is
based. Its excellence, if it has any. consists in
the fact lhatit prevents evasion, and insures the
nation against votes to be cast in Congress in
future on account of those who in truth have no
political status m the country.
Mr. DLAINE. I'want to ask the gentleman
to allow the amendment offered by liim, and re-
corded on the Journal of yesterday, t,o be read,
because unless I seriously misapprehended it,
it provides that representation shall be determ-
ined by counting the whole number of the citi-
zens of the United States.
Mr. CONK LI NO. Most certainly that was
its form, and it, is not,necessary to take up time
to read it, as the gentleman would have seen
had be been within hearing when 1 commenced
my remarks. Iliad already explained thatthat
question is wholly aside from the purpose oi
I lie measure. The amendment is the same, as
to the real point of it, whether the word •• per-
sons " or " citizens " be inserted. ''Citizens"
was in the copy stmt, up only )>rn forma. My
own preference and judgment are foreper-
sons," not for''citizens," in this connection.
I return now to the explanation that the whole
point of the amendment was to exclude from
the basis of representation the entire race, no
m; liter what it maybe, which, or any part, of
which, is excluded from political standing on ac-
count. of race or color. I agree with my friend
from Maine that it, ought to be " persons," al-
though the ainendmenl now leads "citizens."
1 am much obliged toniy colleague for yield-
ing to me to make this explanation.
Mr. DAHljlN'U. Mr. Speaker, I do riot in-
tend to occupy the time of the House on the
bill uewunder eonsiderationwith any extended
remarks, but a few practical ideas have sug-
gest ed themselves to niyinind which 1 thought
I would embrace the very first, opportunity to
lav before them for their consideration. Wash-
ington, lying within the District of Columbia,
is the capital of the nation; it, is the fount-
ain of the nation's law. as it is the property of
the people of the United State*. The repre-
sentatives of the people in Congress assembled
are in some degree supposed to reflect, the va-
ried political sentiments of their various con-
stituent'!. as this magnificent pile and the other
public buildings mark the liberality and taste
of the people.
Now. sir, it is well known that the sentiments
oi the people of this country on the proposed
question of colored suffrage are as varied as the
shades of the people themselves. 1 would ask
wdiat public necessity exi-ts for the passage of
this bill at this time'.' There are no benefits
which the colored people of this District could
attain by the exercise of the right of suffrage
t hat Congress could not bestow. Our right and
power to legi-late for this District are unques-
tioned, and instead of wasting days and weeks
over a question which is exciting bitter feeling
among our own people, had we not better give
our attention to matters of great national inter-
est which so urgent ly demand speed}' action on
our part.? Let, ns pass laws for ilie education of
the people of this District,, and tit them ulti-
mately to receive the elective franchise; or, if
anything is required to satisfy liie intense desire
manifested by some gentlemen of this House to
bestow the franchise on those not now possessed
of it, give it to every soldier who served in the
Union Army and- was honorably discharged,
whether old or young, rich or poor, native or
foreign-born, white or black, and show to the
world that the American people, recognizing the
services and sufferings of their brave defenders,
give them as a recognition the highest and best
gift of American citizenship.
If I know myself, I know that no unjust or
unmanly prejudice warps my judgment or con-
trols my action on any matter of legislation af-
fecting the colored race on this continent. 1
believe in their equality of rights before the
law with the dominant race. £ believe in their
rights of lilb, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness. And vet I believe that before we confer
upon them the political right of suffrage, as
contemplated by the bill now under consider-
ation, we should seek to elevate their social con-
dition, and lift then! up from the depths of deg-
radation and ignorance in which many of them
are left by the receding waves of liie sea of
rebellion. There are many strong objections
to conferring upon the colored men of this Dis-
trict the gift of unqualified suffrage without any
qualification based on intelligence. The large
preponderance which they possess numerically
will inevitably lead to mischievous results.
Neither would I entirely disregard the views of
the people of this District, many .of whom I
know to be sound, loyal Union men.
I am proud of my State, proud of her record
in the war. Look at, the, number of men she
has put, in the field—nearly half a million. I
am proud of my city of New York, where I have
resided nearly half a century. Democratic in
politics though she may be, yet she was not
wanting in patriotism. She has done her full
share, ay, more than any other community,
perhaps, in supplying not only men but means.
Look at the vast treasure which she poured into
the lap of the national Treasury. W hen did the
nation ever appeal to her for national aid, and
she refused the demand, and turned the nation
away empty-handedWhere would the country
have found the means to carry on that gigantic
struggle bul for the moneyed men of New York?
\\ here would we have been had they not sup-
plied the sinews of war? Yet she has steadily
refused to grant unqualified suffrage to theblaek
lace, although their number is so small that it
could not possibly have affected any election in
the remotest degree.
I am proud of the State of New York, and
the city of New \ ork, for the toleration shown
in till the essentials of liberty. New York does
not deny to the colored man his civil rights.
With a population strongly tinctured with prej-
udice against this long-oppressed people, she
permits tliem to share the privileges of her pub-
! lie vehicles, notwithstanding her sister Itcpub-
I lican city of Philadelphia insists upon refusing
! that, privilege to the colored man, although at-
| tired in the clean and simple garb of its founder,
I William Penn.
i Sir, whenever the question of negro suffrage
J has been submitted to the people of my State,
| 1 have voted always and steadily for that amend-
I ment, unqualifiedly and unhesitatingly. And
j yet, under the existing circumstances which sur-
' round this question in this District. I am not in
favor of giving the colored man here the right
ol suffrage without imposing an educational
qualification. The property qualification I con-
sider odious, and disregard it entirely.
But I do not wish to seethe Union party take
any step in this direction from which they may
j desire hereafter to recede. Let us first rather
j seek to enlighten this people, and educate them
I to know the value of the great gift of liberty
j which has been bestowed upon them : teach
1 them to know that to labor is for their best
interests ; teach tliem to learn and lead 'vir-
tuous and industrious lives, in order to make
themselves respected, and. encourage tliem to
act as becomes freemen. Then they will vote
intelligently, and not be subject to the control
