3262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
tion. Now, I submit in all candor to my friend
from Massachusetts, is there anything wrong
in it? Is it not to right a great wrong? Is it
not to give the country a Pacific railroad? Who
will refuse to do that? I apprehend no Sen-
ator will.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, when the
Pacific Railroad Company was chartered ori-
ginally I took some general interest, nothing
but a general interest, in the matter, and I
have none but a general interest now. I am
not certain that I understand the bearings of
this bill so well as ought to excite any interest
in my own mind. Still I have an apprehen-
sion tliat if this bill passes it cannot fail to be
fraught with difficulties, and I therefore pro-
pose to submit to the Senate the ditlieulties
laboring in my own mind.
I know that we started in 1862, when this
great Pacific railway was chartered, to build a
continuous lino of railway to the Pacific, the
grandest enterprise probably that any nation
ever engaged in under the circumstances in
which this nation was then involved. I know
there was infinite difficulty in fixing the point
of departure in the East, and that it grew out
of local interests almost entirely, in deciding at
what parallel of latitude we should take the
departure for the Pacific coast; and in settling
that question there was a variety of local inter-
ests. There were the Omaha and the Sioux
City and the Leavenworth and some other
roads, [ believe four or five in all, all striving
to be the point of departure.
Jlow was it settled? We who took only a
general interest of course were not disposed to
be influenced by those local considerations.
The gieat, object which the bulk of the Senate
bad was the extension of the road to the Pa-
cific coast and to fix upon a point of departure
which should best subserve that general inter-
est, and we tried to overlook the interests and
feeliug-i which were peculiar and natural to
those who represented, and very properly,
those local interests. What did we agree upon ?
We agreed that there should Iks a fixed point
somewhere from which this road should depart
on its way to the Pacific coast, and from which
there should be no divergence, and there should
l>e no two interests. We agreed that however
these conflicting interests were on this side of
the one hundredth meridian of longitude, there
should be no conflict of interests beyond. That
vas the great point in the case. I remember
the discussion ; I remember the difficulties in
agreeing upon it; but it was the solemn judg-
ment ot the Senate that the Government ought
not to grant its aid to a multiplicity of roads
beyond the meridian of one hundred degrees
of longitude, but that all these conflicting in- I
tercsts should be made to harmonize and unite j
on that point to the end that when wc reached \
that point there should be strength enough in !
whaf (here was behind to put that one main
road through to the Pacific. That was the gen-
eral idea; that was the general interest.
Now, how is it to-day? Is this bill in har-
mony with (hat, plan ? If it is, I am for it. I
have some little doubt on that point. If this
bill is in harmony with the general plan, if it
strengthens this enterprise by dividing at the
one hundredth degree, then I am in favor of
if, because I am for pushing the road to the
Pacific coast as fast as possible and in fhe best
possible manner. I have no doubt I agree in
the general purpose of the committee, and it
may be that I am entirely wrong in my appre-
hensions ; but let us look a little at the effect
of this bill. It certainly contemplates a de-
parture from the general plan, because it is
agreed on all hands that instead of one road
after you reach the parallel of one hundred
degrees you absolutely license two ; you author-
ize two to a certain extent, and we shall see
whether or not to the whole extent. Do the
committee contemplate two roads instead of
one?
Mr. CONFESS. No.
Mr. HOWARD. One road.
Mr. MORRILL. Then let us see whether
■we shall not be involved in the difficulty, if
you pass this bill, in the end of having two
roads. Certainly you contemplate two roads
to Denver City. That is clear ; I hear no dis-
sent from that. It is obvious enough that
instead of a departure on the meridian of one
hundred degrees, you contemplate now a de-
parture from some point at or beyond Denver
City.
Mr. CONNESS.^ Will the Senator permit
me to say a word right there, as I think it is a,
point which he will like to hear?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not think it has ever
been contemplated that the surveys of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company should reach
Denver or pass near to Denver at all. Denver
is loo far to the south to invite them to touch
there.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator means the
northern branch.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; 1 am speaking
of the main trunk. They would probably leave
Denver a little to the south and not touch there
at all. It will bo remembered that Denver has
developed since the law was originally passed.
A double purpose is now presented, a double
purpose is to be served of taking a better route,
(as is shown by the investigations the commit-
tee have made, and as was stated very clearly
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky,) and
of giving Benver, that new and thriving place,
a connection with the Pacific railroad. It is
simply changing the placc of junction, pushing
it a little further westward, and the committee
think, and I believe the Senator himself would '
say upon a close examination of the whole
case, that it would be a change.for the better.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not intend to pass
any judgment upon that, nor do I intend to
argue it, lor I have not the facts which would
authorize me in doing so, but my inquiry was,
whether the legislation contemplated did not
necessarily involve, or whether it would not
probably lead to the result of two roads instead
of one.
Mr. CONNESS. We do not intend to per-
mit two.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly as far as Denver
City it does contemplate two roads. Now, I
desire to ask the chairman, for information,
what is understood by the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company in the first section of the bill ?
What company does that refer to?
Mr. HOWARD. The Union Pacific Rail-
road Company is the company building the
main trunk.
Mr. MORRILL. Then the company named
in the first section is the one building the main
trunk. That is the company you are conferring
this extension upon.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not the main trunk.
Mr. HOWARD. "The Union Pacific Rail-
way Company, eastern division,'' is the one
mentioned in the first section, and that is the
name of^a corporation created by the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, known as the Kansas branch
or southern branch. The ancient name of it
was the Leavenworth and Pawnee railroad.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the honor-
able Senator whether the grant originally made
was not to the Leavenworth and Pawnee Rail-
road Company, and not to the Union Pacific
railway ?
Mr.'HOWARD. Yes, that was the name
of the corporation to which the grant was ori-
ginally made. That name, however, was after-
ward changed by the Legislature of Kansas
to "the Union Pacific Railway Company, east-
ern division/' by a formal act of legislation.
Mr. MORRILL. I now desire to ask the
Senator whether that name is not identical
with the name by which the Union Pacific
Railway Company was chartered by Congress
in 1862.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; it was not exactly
the name.
Mr. MORRILL. What was it?
Mr. HOWARD, The oiiginal name was
the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. MORRILL. That is the only difference.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. Now, if the honorable
Senator will pardon me I desire to ask him
whether the company mentioned in the sec-
ond section is the same company.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir ; it is not the east-
ern division, it is the main trunk.
Mr. MORRILL. Is that the only distinction?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Will the honorable Sen-
ask him what company
Mr. MORRILL,
ator allow me to
that is?
Mr. HOWARD.
second section ?
Mr. MORRILL.
Mr. HOWARD.
The one mentioned in the
Yes, sir.
That is known commonly
as the main stem or the Omaha branch. This
main stem commences on the one hundredth
degree of longitude and goes west. It exists
by a charter granted by Congress. By that
charter the company is authorized to construct
what is known as the Omaha branch, running
eastward, or rather commencing on the Mis-
souri river and running to the one hundredth
degree of longitude and uniting with the main
stem ou that degree. Does the Senator under-
stand me?
Mr. MORRILL. I understand it now; and
it is as I supposed it was. If I am right about
it I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to this point: I submit whether the result
of this bill would not be this: the original act
contemplated a union of all the branches on the
one hundredth meridian——•
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. You have by subsequent
legislation authorized what was formerly the
Leavenworth and Pawnee branch to diverge
from the original point, and now without ref-
erence to it to continue its line to Denver, and
so on. You now recognize it as the Union
Pacific Railway Company.
Mr. CONNESS. No.
Mr. HOWARD. "Eastern division."
Mr. MORRILL. "Eastern division" is sim-
ply descriptive, and I suppose the honorable
Senator would hardly contend that it had much
legal force or effect.
Mr. HOWARD. It is part of the corporate
name. That is the only effect.
Mr. MORRILL. Not a part of the corporate
name I think the honorable Senator will say if
he looks at it.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
will find it so.
Mr. MORRILL. The query then is, whether,
if this bill passes, the provision of the second
section does not apply precisely to the provis-
ion of the first section.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. HOWARD. Not
at all.
Mr. MORRILL. For aught that I can see
it would. It may not be intended to be so, but
it looks to me as though if this bill passes, what
was originally the Leavenworth and Pawnee
bianch to run into the general road on the
one hundredth meridian will become the trunk,
with all the rights, powers, and privileges which
were designed oi'iginally for the trunk road.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator's perplexity
arises undoubtedly from what in his mind ap-
pears to be a confusion of names simply, noth-
ing else. The old Leavenworth and Pawnee
Railroad Company was chartered by the Legis-
lature of Kansas. The name of it was after-
ward altered by the same Legislature to "the
Union Pacific Railway Oompunv, eastern di-
vision,'' but it is still the same corporation.
1 he Union Pacific Railroad Company was char-
tered, a,s I before remarked, by Congress. Its
franchises are to this extent.: that it may make
a railroad from the one hundredth degree of
longitude^west to the eastern boundary of Cal-
ifornia. That is known as the main stem. It
was also required to construct a branch, known
as the Omaha branch, between the Missouri
river and the one hundredth degree of west
longitude. The Omaha branch was a mere
branch of the main stem, lying north of the
"eastern division," but they were all required,
as the Senator has very properly observed, by
