1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Senator fro'iM Massachusetts is not in
order, in the opinion of the Chair. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
_ The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 7.
recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator to
allow me to have an executive session for about
five minutes, so that the messages that have
been received can be referred to the appropri-
ate committees, and then this will come up in
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.'
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now renew my mo-
tion to take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The question being put,.there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 18, noes 17; and the Presiding
Officer declared the motion agreed to.
Mr. CBESWELL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot have the
yeas and nays after the vote is declared.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They were called for in
time, if the Senator insists upon it.
Mr. CBESWELL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The vote had been
declared
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is in order for the Senator to call for
the yeas and nays if he chooses to do so, but
the vote had been declared. Does the Senator
ask for the yeas and nays?
Mr. CBESWELL. I do.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Foster, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Pouieroy,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Willcy, and Wilson—23.
N AY S—Messrs, Buckalew, Chandler, Conn ess, Cres-
wcll. Davis, Hendricks, McDougall, N esmitb, Norton,
Nye, Poland, lliddlo, lloss, Stewart, Wade, Williams,
and Yates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cowan, Cracrin,
Dixon, Grimes, Johnson, Morrill, Saulsbury, and
Wright—10.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
accordingly took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. in.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
promotion op wounded naval officers.
Mr. ANTHONY. The chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr. Grimes] has
been obliged to leave on account of illness,
and he has asked me to report back for him
from that committee, and to call up House bill
No. CG7, to prevent officers of the Navy from
being deprived of their regular promotion on
account of wounds received in battle, and for
other purposes, which I-am sure will meet the
assent of every Senator. I ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. There is unfinished busi-
Mr. ANTHONY. This will take but a mo-
ment. There will be no objection to it.
Mr. CONNESS. With the understanding
that the unfinished business shall lie over in-
formally, I will not object.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is all I ask; that it
be laid aside informally to take up this bill.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business will be laid aside by common
consent instead of losing its place, if there be
no objection. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Rhode Island.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider House bill No. 667. It provides that
the provision of section four of the act to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish and
equalize the grade of line officers of the Uni-
ted States Navy," approved July 16, 1862, re-
quiring that no officer in the naval service shall
be promoted to a higher grade upon the active
list until he has been examined by a board
of naval surgeons and pronounced physically
qualified to perform all his duties at sea, shall
not be construed to apply to and exclude from
the promotion to which he would otherwise be
regularly entitled any officer in whose ease such
medical board shall report that his physical
disqualification was occasioned by wounds re-
ceived in the line of his duty, and that such
wounds do not incapacitate him for other duties
in the grade to which he shall be promoted.
The rate of pay of officers of the Navy on the
retired list and not on duty nor retired on
furlough pay, .in cases where such rate of pay
has not heretofore been fixed by law, is to be
one half of the pay to which such officers would
be entitled if on duty at sea. The pay of clerks
of navy-yards, of clerks to commandants of
navy-yards, and of clerks to naval store-keepers
is increased twenty-five per cent, upon their
present salaries, from the commencement of
the present fiscal year. The proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury are authorized in
the settlement of the accounts of the disburs-
ing officers of the Navy and Marine corps to
allow, subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Navy, such credits for losses of property
and funds as have occurred during the late re-
bellion and as shall occur hereafter, and which
shall appear to them by such vouchers and tes-
timony as they shall require to have been occa-
sioned by accidental circumstances, or a con-
dition of things over which the officers had no
control and for which they are not justly respon-
sible.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That Augustus Hubbell have leave to
withdraw his petition and other papers from tho files
of the Senate.
message from the iio0se.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a resolution extending the present session of
Congress until half past four o'clock on Satur-
day, July 28, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to some
and disagreed to other amendments of the
Senate to tho bill (II. R. No. 737) making ap-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1807,
and for other purposes; and had agreed to
other amendments of the Senate, with amend-
ments, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Tiiaddeus Stevens of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. James F. Wilson of Iowa, and
Mr. F. C. Le Blond, of Ohio, managers at
the same on its part.
civil appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 737) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1807,
and for other purposes, and the amendments
of the House to the amendments of the Senate
to the said bill; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of lleproentatives
and disagree to the amendments of the House to the
amendments of tho Senate to the snid bill, and agree
to the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes ofthe two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the. conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by tho President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherman, Mr. fessekdsni:and Mr. J*ohh-
son managers on the part of the Senate.
, robert baldwin.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 693) for the relief of Robert Baldwin,
have directed me to repcSrt it back without
amendment and recommend its passage.
M.r. HENDERSON. Do you ask for its
present consideration?
Mr. POMEROY. I did not, but I will now
do so.
_ Mr. WILSON, I have several reports and
bills from the Committee on Military-Affairs
that I want a few minutes to act upon, and11
would be very much obliged to the Senate if
they would give me a few minutes now.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have
unanimous consent to pass the bill I reported
just now.
Mr. WILSON. I have got several measures
which it is important to act upon.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill to which I refer
merely proposes to issue a patent for a few land-
warrants which were lost m the mail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are general bills
which it is very important to pass before' We
adjourn, and we ought to devote our tihio to
those.
_ Mr. HENDERSON, [to Mr. Pomeroy.] Let
it be passed over for a few moments.
Mr. POMEROY. T do this at the suggestion
of the Senator from Missouri, who feels a deep
interest in the bill. The land-warrants were
lost in the mail, and it is merely proposed to
allow patents to issue.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desired to call up
the bill, as it is of some little importance to a
constituent of mine, but if gentlemen desire it
I have no objection to its going over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid aside.
dr. alexander dunbar. '
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 203) authorizing the Secretary of War to
contract with Dr. Alexander Dunbar, to report
it back without amendment; and I should like
to have it put on its passage. It is important
to act upon it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the Sec-
retary of War to contract, on such terms as in
his discretion he may think fair and reasonable,
with Dr. Alexander Dunbar, for the use by the
Government of his alleged discovery of a mode
of treatment of the diseases of the horse's foot,
and for his services for one year in instructing
the faniers of the Army in such treatment;
tho amount agreed upon to be paid out of the
fund already appropriated for the purchase of
horses or general support of the Army.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read tho third time, and passed.
colorado militia claims.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred House joint resolution
No. 200, to report it back without amendment;
and 1 ask that it be put upon its passage.
There being no objection, tho Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (II. II. No. 200) au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to settle with
the Territory of Colorado for the militia of said
Territory employed in tho service of the United
States in the years 1864 and 18(55. The Sec-
retary of War is authorized' by the joint reso-
lution to settle with the proper authorities of
the Territory of Colorado, for the services of
the first regiment of Colorado mounted militia,
called into the service of the United States on
the requisition of Colonel Thomas Moonlight,
in the vear 1863. and for the services of any
other militia forces of the Territory which were
employed in the service of the United States
