1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3263
the act of 1862, to unite themselves with the
main stem on the one hundredth degree of west
longitude. By the legislation of 1804 these •
branches are authorized to make their junction
with the main stem at any point they may see lit
west of the one hundredth degree of longitude,
suiting their convenience and their interests.
Mr. MORRILL. Does the honorable Sen-
ator doubt that under the provisions of the
second section the Central Pacific Railroad
Company of California would have a right to
extend its road or connect with the road to
which these privileges are extended ?
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly the effect of
the bill, if it shall pass, will be to enable the
California company to proceed with the con-
struction of its road eastward from the eastern
boundary of California until it shall meet the
main trunk, that is, the Union Pacific railroad
proper, on its progress to the west from the one
hundredth degree of longitude.
Mr. MORRILL. That may be the construc-
tion of it. That is what they intend, I have no
doubt.
Mr. HOWARD. That is what is. expressed.
Mr. MORRILL. But it looks to me as if
you had substituted the Leavenworth and Paw-
nee road for the original Pacitic Railway Com-
pany, and that it will become, under the opera-
tion of this act, allowable for the Central Pacific
Railroad Company, if that is the title of the
California road, to connect with what you now
describe as the eastern division, and then be-
come the main trunk.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is under an
entire misapprehension as to the effect of it.
Mr. MORRILL. But, Mr. President, that
was not the principal difficulty in my mind. It
was the departure which, it is apparent on the
face of this bill, is to be made by this branch.
Something lias been said about the Omaha
branch. I am not particularly informed as to
the condition of that road, but I understand
that one hundred or two hundred miles of that
road have already been made.
Jlr. HOWARD. Completed by the Union
Pacitic Railroad Company according to the
requirement'of its charter, one hundred miles,
and perhaps more. They have made very
creditable progress indeed.
Mr. MORRILL. But that is all east of the
one hundredth meridian ; they have not reached
that point yet. Nov/, sir, the argument that 1
have heard addressed by those who are interested
inthitt road is that this is a departure from the
original plan, so far a departure from it that it
is in absolute bad faith on the part of the Uov-
ernment. 1 believe the honorable Senator
from Missouri this morning 
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow
me one word as to the '• bad faith" of the pro-
posed legislation. If any bad faith has been
committed by Congress toward the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, it was committed in
RSlj-1 when the amendment of its original char-
ter was passed, for that amendment granted to
all these branches, the eastern division among
them, the right to form their connection with
the main trunk at any point they might see fit
west of the one hundredth degree of longitude.
I do not know how the fact is; perhaps some
other Senator may know better than I do ; but
I have the impression that the Union Pacific
Railroad Company consented to that legisla-
tion, or expressed no very earnest dissent from
it. Certainly it will be new to me to hear now
any complaint of bad faith on the part of Con-
gress as connected with the amendment of
1804. The whole policy was then settled.
The act of 18(34 enabled these branches to
diverge from the point at which they were
required by the act of 1802 to make their junc-
tion with the main trunk. That was, as the
Senator has remarked, the original policy of
Congress on this subject, but we departed from
it. so far as I know, without complaint on the
port of the gentlemen connected with the Union
Pacitic Railroad Company.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not allege it and I
do not assert it; and if I did I should not be
in a condition to prove it. But the argument
is that the main stem of this road originally
chartered and contemplated was expected to
begin at the one hundredth meridian and near
the point designated, which is a point many
miles north of the present road; that is the
road to which the Government, has very largely
given its endowment. That is to be the main
stem, as I understand the chairman of the
committee to concede; that is tlie road to
which the Government has pledged its credit
and its faith; that is the road in which the
Government is most interested; that is the
great trunk which teflccts the general interest;
it is the trunk line to which the Government
has pledged not only its credit but its faith,
and which it is bound to protect. This other
road is but a branch. It would have had the
same privileges as the other provided it had
built its road in harmony with the original
plan. This road which is to commence at the
one hundredth meridian, as I understand, has
a board of directors with Government officers;
in other words, the Government appoints a por-
tion of its directors. Anybody can see that
building a separate line beyond the one hun-
dredth meridian is certainly injurious to the
general plan, is certainly injurious to the credit
of the main road, and will certainly lessen the
probabilities of its speedy advance toward the
Pacific coast, which we all so much desire.
I hope it may turn out that the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, that has had this sub-
ject under its particular care, has given it all
that consideration and solicitude which I think
its very great importance requires. I have
very serious apprehensions that great difficul-
ties will come from this bill.
Mr. STEWART. 1 did not intend to make
any remarks upon this subject; but inasmuch
as there is evidently a false impression upon
the minds of a great many Senators as to the
real situation, it, may not be improper for me
to sny something.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company and
its managers have been eulogized. I regret to
detract from any part of that eulogy, and I
should not attempt to do so if I did not be-
lieve that it was the duty of the Senate to
watch the managers of that, company. If I am
not misinformed, the leading man, Mr. Du-
rant, who has charge and is the moving man
of that company, was formerly in the Union
Pacific Railway Company, eastern division, and
the Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern
division were compelled to buy him out. lie
delayed them a long while, and fur very little
road a very large amount of money was ob-
tained by Mr. Durant. Under some kind of
contract, Mr. Perry and others loaned money
to carry it on and they had to take charge of
the road. Something of that kind occurred. At
all events Mr. Durant was the manipulating
man of the Union Pacific railway, eastern di-
vision, until the time nearly expired ; and now
when those that, have been drawn into that
enterprise and have invested their money get
ready to go on with the work they find that
the road which was to be their security is un-
built, they find the time for filing the map
expired, and they come hero and ask you to
give them time to let them file the map. You
have already agreed that they may go beyond
the hundredth meridian, and the first section
of this bill simply allows them time to file
their map. They put their money in the work
on the faith that they could accomplish it;
but it turned out not to be in their hands hut
in the hands of some of the managers of the
Union Pacific railroad, and there is where the
delay comes from. Now, the men who have
put their money in this enteiprise fairly must
be robbed unless they can have additional
time to file their map.
A word further as to Mr. Durant, the leader
and manager of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company. He presents to the committee
maps of the road and lands in the State of Ne-
vada. They are willing to change the route
after the road crosses the one hundredth me-
ridian. They say they do not know where they
will cross the one hundredth meridian, and
they are willing to a change there. Of course
they do not want any other road built, and
they are unable to state where they will cross
the mountains ; but yet they go within less than
two hundred miles of the end of the Central
Pacific railroad, nearly fifteen hundred miles
from their own work and commence surveying,
for what purpose? For the purpose, as they
allege, of mortgaging the road in Nevada and
Utah to foreign capitalists.
They have no right to mortgage it beyond
one hundred miles m advance of construction,
and they are not able to locate the first one
hundred miles, not having got the initial point
for starting the Union Pacific railroad proper,
the main stem, and yet they go over into Ne-
vada and survey there to enable them to make
a mortgage to English capitalists, as they al-
lege. Are they to be allowed to do this? It
is claimed that we shall embarrass them if we
prevent them from encumbering, in Europe,
this road that they never will build. If they
are allowed to do it it will be many long years
before we shall have the road built.
Let me tell the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that there has been a good deal of
delay in starting the Omaha branch of the
Union Pacific railroad. The bill authorizing
it was passed in 1862. They have had the ear
of legislators and they have manipulated things
so that they were not required to commence
until last year. They never commenced even
on their branch until last fall, and they have
built very well since they began. They tele-
graph constantly that they are building a mile
a day, and they say now that they have one
hundred and twenty miles built. That is not
a mile a day since they commenced last Octo-
ber, but that is doing very well. You will get
these telegraphicdispatehes as long as Congress
remains in session ; but let me tell you that that
is very smooth, level ground. The ten miles
between Colfax and Dutch Flat, any ten miles
in that region, is more work than one hundred
and twenty miles on the Omaha branch ; and
let me tell you that the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company will go over the Sierra Nevada
mountains, and that speedily, and they will be
desiring to come east, and the people of the
Pacific coast are desirous that they shall come
east with their road. Th« people of the nation
are desirous that this road shall be built from
both ends ; and when there is a necessity that
the load shall be built from both ends, we find
Mr. Durant & Co. unable to locate their initial
point, starting on the cast and going to the
western end, and yet attempting to encumber
the western division of the road because the
Central Pacific Railroad Company want to
come oast.
Does a company that will do this and manage
and manipulate as this company has been doing,
come here with a good grace and ask that t.hey
may monopolize this road, and that we shall
be prevented from building it? Seventy miles
over the mountains have been built on the
western end, which is far more work than it
would be to build from the .Missouri river to
the Rocky mountains on the east. I have been
over both lines and know it. The Centra}
Pacific Railroad Company had fifty miles built
last year when the Union Pacitic road had not
struck a spade in the Omaha branch. Now,
you say that the second section, allowing the
Central Pacific Railroad Company to come
east, is going to impede your progress. ITow
so? Across the plains the Government builds
your road. Sixteen thousand dollars a mile,
with the land grant, is more than enough to
build it across the plains. There is no harm
done in allowing this road to be built from
both ends, for that was the original agree-
ment, and the country demands it. If it is
not built from both ends it never will be built
in our day. There is harm done to the pro-
ject when a man steps in and attempts by his
maps and by coming before Pacific Railroad
Committees and claiming vested rights, to pre-
vent another company from building a part of
the road, and it is proper that such schemes
should be denounced. It is equally important
