mt mm' i
July 2%
on the call of ihe-Govsraar of the XerritofyJar
the year 1804, allowjngin.suck settlement ;all
amounts paid by the Territory to the troops for
pay, use of horses, clothing, knd other proper
allowances during the time when they were
actually in-service; and that he report the
amount found to be justly due to the Territory
oasach aecounttd Congress in December next.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amepdment, ordered te a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
TRANSPORTATION TO MAIMED SOLDIERS. •
Mr. WILSQN. I wish noTT'to call up the
bill (H- R. Nq; 792) to authorize theSecretary
of War to furnish transportation to discharged
soldiers to whom artificial liw-bs are furnished
by the Government.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
in ponjnajttee, of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs the Secretary of
War to furnish to discharged soldiers of the
United States, who have been disabled in the
service, as well to those not yet discharged,
transportation to aud from their homes and
the place svhere they may be required to go to
obtain artificial limbs provided for them under
authority of law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
THntTHKNTU'COLOUlKD HEAVY ARTILLERY.
Mr. WILSON.. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
■whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R,
No. 201) for the relief of the officers of the
thirteenth regiment United States colored
heavy artillery, to report it back and move
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, it having been incorporated
into a general law.
The committee was discharged, and the joint
resolution indefinitely postponed.
COLLECTORS 01' CUSTOMS.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to state that there
is a vacancy on the committee of conference
on the bill (S. No, 400) td fix the compensa-
tion of certain collectors qf customs, and for
other purposes, in consequence of the absence
of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mojuuiil.]
1 move that the Chair supply the vacancy.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro iempore appointed Mr. Howe.
UNITED STATES ARMY.
Mi\ WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 142.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (R. ft. No. 14:2)
respecting the Army of the United States. It
declares all laws and parts of laws enacted
since the 4th of July, 1801, increasing, re-
organizing, or creating regiments, staff corps,
or other organizations of the regular Army, or
in any way affecting the number, rank, pay, or
emoluments of the general, field, staff, and line
oflicers and enlisted men, to be in full force
ami effect, and so to remain until otherwise
provided by law.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts what effect this
brief but very important measure will have
upon the pay and emoluments of officers. The
purport of it is to continue in full force all the
laws thut have been passed by Congress since
July, 1861, up to the present time.
Mr. WILSON. All the laws that are now
in force. Of course it does not refer to those
that have been repealed or modified.
Mr. HOWARD. My inquiry has direct ref-
erence to the pay of the officers of the Army.
Has not that pay from time to time been al-
tered in amount?
Mr. W ILSON. If wo had a law that paid
them so much, and then passed a law fixing
another price, of course the last one is the rule
and not the other. This resolution refers to
all existiug laws. Those old laws are not
.existing laws.
■ .Jjtr. HOWARD-. Of coiwse every subse-
quent act that is inconsistent with the' previous
act repeals or modifies the previous act. I
am well aware of that. What, then, is th,e
necessity of this enactment?
Mr. WILSON. I will tell the Senator what
the necessity is,
Mr. HOWARD. That is what I wapt to
know.
Mr. WILSON. , Every gt^ff department, I
think, of the Army goes to pieces, unless we
have so,me legislation on the subject—the Army
itself, the Bureau of Military Justice, the Engi-
neer corps, &c. We passed several laws en-
larging these departments of the Army, to
expire at the close of the war ; and what we
wish to do now is simply to preserve the Army
justas itis in ease we can have no general legis-
lation, to preserve the body of the Arniy and
the laws now in force until the next session of
Congress.
Mr. CONNBSS. The Army bill failing.
Mr. WILSON. If we pass the Army bill
this will not be necessary; but if not, ivg want
to take care of what we have got, and we rnust
do it.
Mr. HOWARD. I am perfectly satisfied
with that explanation, and it was that expla-
nation that I desired.
Mr. HO WE. I "svish to suggest to the chair-
man of the Military Cotiimittee that his reso-
lution, as he has drawn jt, may have a much
more extended operation than he explains as
being desirable, It does not simply continue
in force existing laws, but it gives force to all
the laws, if I understand the reading of it,
that we have enacted since 1801—all laws and
parts of laws, whether thoy have been repealed
heretofore or not.
Mr. WILSON. No. The resolution is sim-
ply this: all laws passed since the 4th of July,
1801, that are now in force are to be continued
for a few months longer, until otherwise or-
dered.
_ Mr. KIRKWOOD. The words "now in
force" are not in tho resolution.
Mr. WILSON. If that is so I have no
objection to putting them in.
Mr. THUMBULL. It is very manifest that
if the Senator from Massachusetts intends what
he says lie has got here a resolution that is very
much broader. During tho war we vested the
President with very large authority; wc in-
creased the staff of the general officers very
largely. Now, what is this resolution?
That all laws anil parts of laws cnacted since the
4th day of July, 1861, increasing, reorganizing, or
creating regiments, staff corps, or other organiza-
tions c>f the regular Army, or in any way affecting
the number, rank, pay, or euiolumentsof tho general,
field, stall', and line officers, and enlisted'inen of the
same, be, and the same are hereby, declared to bein
lull force and ct)eet, and so to remain until otherwise
provided by law.
It reeuacts every law passed since 1861. It
rccnacts the laws authorizing the calling out
of hundreds of thousands of men. It'is not a
provision that the laws now in force shall be
continued; it is a provision reviving all the
acts that have been repealed. Certainly such
a proposition as this ought not to pass.
Mr. CONNESS. The insertion of three or
four words will correct it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
if this joint resolution which we are amending
here in the Senate has been considered in com-
mittee.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, it has been exam-
ined by the members of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly such a resolu-
tion as this reeuacts every act that has been
passed during the whole of this war in relation
to the Army; and I should like to know if the
Senate of the United States is prepared to do
that.
Mr. CONNESS. In the fourth line of the
resolution, after " 1801," I move to insert the
words "and now in force;" so tliat.it will read :
That all laws and parts of taws enacted since the
4fcn drty or July, 1&61, and now in i'ovee, increasing
reorganizing, or creating regiments, &o.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. If that amendment be
inserted the laws which have expired or been
repe^led'will not be re,enacted, I suppose; but
still this is a very unsafe way of legislating. It
seems to me it \yould be a great deal better to
state the laws, whatever they are, that should
be continued in force; and if the Senator from
Massachusetts cannot do that, then we are
passing a law without knowing what we are
doing. Now, I appeal to Senators, do you
understand what you' are reenacting?
Mr. LANE. I think I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. -The members of the
Military Com-mittec may; I do not. I should
like, then, to inquire if under this resolution
the authority now continues for the President
of the United States to establish military courts
and military commissions, and the authority
to create new regiments, to reorganize the
Army, to create staff corps. This is all speci-
fied here:'
All laws and parts of laws enacted since the 4th
day of July, 18iil, increasing, reorganizing, or creating
regiments, &e.
What laws have we had increasing regiments
since 1861 ? 1 do not know what they are.
Mr. WILSON. We are now legislating, not
for volunteers, but for the regular Army. These
laws apply only to the regular Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then say so. The res-
olution does not say so.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator is mistaken.
We are legislating about the regular Army, and
not for the volunteers.
Mr. LANE. Certainly it does say the reg-
ular Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, it does not say
"the regular Army." There is nothing of that
kind in the resolution. It applies to the volun-
teers, and everything else.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator is greatly mis-
taken. . '
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us read it. There
is no use in disputing about, words. The reso-
lution is before mo, and I propose to read it.
[After a pause.] On reading it through, I see
in the sixth line that it,is limited to the "or-
ganizations of the regular Army.'' Those words
escaped me as I first east my eye over the res-
olution. Then it does not apply to the volun-
teer organizations, and, of course, is not so
extensive as I supposed it might be; but still
I do not know what the effect of it will be.
Mr. WILSON. The Senate have passed a
bill covering every part of our Army, the staff,
and everything else, and which corrects all
this legislation, and puts it all right; but it has
not passed the House of Representatives. If
the Senate would like to pass that bill in lieu
of the House bill, and send it to the House
again—we have already passed it twice—I
should be very_ glad to dp it, and let ns see
whether they will take it in lieu of this. In
that bill everything is set forth, every depart-
ment, staff  
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the bill for tho
reorganization of the Army, I understand?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. We have not suc-
ceeded in passing it. This resolution is gotten
up fo.keep the Army from going to pieces; for
as soon as peace is declared, nearly every staff
corps of the Army is changed by law. We
legislated during the war increasing the staff
corps, and providing for other matters pertain-
ing to the Army, until the war was over. Peace
has not been officially declared, and therefore
they are held together; but it is important to
pass this resolution. W ith two or three little
amendments that 1 have, and which are abso-
lutely necessary, I should like to have the res-
olution passed.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to say a word about
this resolution. It is quite evident that the
Senator from Illinois did not know what he
was speaking about, and he got himself un-
necessarily alarmed about an imaginary diffi-
culty. Now, the fact is that by several acts of
Congress the Army has been greatly enlarged
during the war. Nine regiments of infantry
have been added to it, a regiment of artillery,
and a regiment of cavalry. The provision of
law is that these regiments shall cease to exist
at the termination of the war.
