3264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 19,
that both en<Js should have credit; it is equally
important that both endsshouldbeencouraged,
and I -would not make these remarks if I had
not seen that there was a want of fair play.
If Mr. Durant can go on and carry out his
scheme and mortgage the Union Pacific road
for its entire length to European capitalists,
when he does not need the money, where is
the security that he will not spend the money
and leave the road unbuilt? I believe he did
not succeed in building the road in Iowa; he
had something to do with that, and was not
very successful. The eastern division was not
very successful under him. Now, why.encour-
age him to mortgage fifteen hundred miles of
road that he does not intend to build, when he
does not need the money, when you give him
$16,000 a mile for every mile he builds, and
allow him to mortgage the road for $16,000 a
mile more for one hundred miles in advance
of construction, and give him land enough in
addition so that he can build across the plains
without any aid from Europe or elsewhere?
And after all that you say it is important that
this bill should not be passed, so that Mr.
Durant can negotiate his mortgages in Europe
for the purpose of encumbering roads which
other people desire to build and the nation
demands shall be built.
This bill is not for the purpose of granting
any new right, but for the purpose of carrying
out the original design: first, that the main
road shall be built from both ends; secondly,
that the Union Pacific railway, eastern division,
shall have an extension of time within which
to file its map, so that those meu who have
invested their money in good faith shall not be
robbed. That is all there is in the bill.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The people of Iowa aro
very much interested in the completion of the
Pacific railroad. When this bill was presented
I did not. myself have so much information in
regard to the road's' prospects as perhaps I
should have hud; and one object I had in view
in making the motion I did was to get the in-
formation 1 have received. At one time dur-
ing the discussion I was prepared to withdraw
ray motion, and would be so now were there
not a difference of opinion as to a matter of
fact.
Mr. CONNESS. What is that?
Mr. KIKKWOOD. It is claimed by certain
gentlemen that the legislation of 18G4 gave to
the eastern division of the Pacific railroad, as
it is called, substantially what this bill gives to
it as to its right to change its route. The Sen-
ator from Missouri, the Senator from Nevada,
the Senator from Michigan, and the Senator
from California, J believe, have all claimed that
under the legislation of the eastern divis-
ion of the Pacific railroad have the right to
diverge from the route laid down by the act of
1802 and go over the precise route indicated by
the present bill; and they claim also that the
only use of the first section of this bill is to
enable them now to file a plat of the new route
which they have not done within the time lim-
ited by law. Understanding that to be the fact,
I was prepared to withdraw my motion. Of
course, if the original policy has been substan-
tially departed from in this particular ; if the
idea of combining all the three branches at a
particular point, at or near the one hundredth
meridian, has been abandoned,- if the idea of
keeping united all the interest that built these
branches so as to urge the building of the road
from the point of union westward, has been
abandoned, substantially, and this company has
accorded to it already by the legislation of 1864
what this bill would give to it, I would not
stand here to delay or deny to it the right to
file its plat when it was convenient for it to
do so.
But the Senator from Kansas differs from
these gentlemen in the matter of fact. He says
that under the legislation of 1834, if I under-
stand him, the company is still compelled to
follow the route up the Republican river, and
that the only effect of the legislation of 1864 is
to relieve them from joining the main stem at
the precise point of the onehundredth meridian,
and allow them to join that main stem as near
to that as may be convenient.
Mr. POMEROY. I said precisely what the
Secretary of the Interior said in regard to the
matter in ,his report before the committee,
that under the legislation of 1864 it was agreed
that the law provided that the gateway, as it
were, to the mountains should be between the
valley of the Platte on the north and of the
Republican on the south ; but if they desired
to extend the initial point beyond the one hun-
dredth meridian, keeping them between these
rivers all the time, they might go, and should
not have any more land or bonds than if they
had connected at that point. That is the way
that the Secretary of the Interior, sustained by
the decision of the Attorney General, claims
that the law now is.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Attorney Gen-
eral gave no opinion on that subject—only about
filing the map.
Mr. POMEROY. The Attorney General
sustained Mr. Harlan.
Mr. HENDERSON. In regard to filing the'
plat.
Mr. POMEROY. And in regard to the fact
that, the plat, in the first place, had been filed,
and secondly, that it could not be removed
except by an act of Congress.
Mr. BROWN. That is another question.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Henderson] has undertaken to
show that they had never filed a plat, and that
this legislation is to enable them to do so. I
did not intend to make any opposition to that,
but only to state the fact that they have filed
a plat, and that this legislation is designed to
enable them to file one on another route. The
Attorney General, in hisopinion, didnot say dis-
tinctly whether the law changed the initial point
or not. The Secretary of the Interior did de-
cide it, referred it to the Attorney General, and
he, in terms, did not in his decision say one
way or the other on that subject. The Depart-
ment of the Interior holds to-day that the legis-
lation of 1864 confines these routes between
the valley of the Republican and the valley of
the Platte.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. So I understand. There
is a very material difference in point of fact.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
indulge me for a moment. In saying that I
do not mean that I am not or that the people
of my State are not glad to have the route
changed. I am not talking about that; I do
not propose to argue that point; we know very
well it is of great local importance to us to
have one road or two roads. I am for all the
roads I can get through the State. I am not
making opposition; I am only stating the fact
that it is so held in the Department, and I
believe that to be the law; but if we can change
it, that is another thing.
Mi\ KIRKWOOD. It appears, then, that
there is really a difference. The Senator from
Missouri claims that under the legislation of
1864 the eastern division of the road has the
right to go up the Smoky Hill route now.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The Senator from Kan-
sas tells us that the Interior Department and
the Attorney General hold otherwise.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Attorney Gen-
eral holds no such thing. The Attorney Gen-
eral never held any such thing.
Mr. POMEROY. The Attorney General did
not decide that precise point. Mr. ITarlan
made it. _ He did not reverse it, nor decide
that precise point in his report.
Mr. HENDERSON. That was notthe ques-
tion before the Attorney General nor before the
Secretary of the Interior; and even if it were,
I suppose we here are as competent to decide
what a law means that we ourselves pass as the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. POMEROY. I will ask the Senator,
does not the Secretary of the Interior hold
that to be true?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know. I have
never seen the opinion of the Secretary of the
Interior. The opinion of the Attorney General
was put into my hands in regard to the time of
filing the plat. That is all I know about it.
The Senator is correct that the Attorney Gen-
eral said that although we had, up to the 1st of
July of this year, to file aplat, having filed one
plat we could not withdraw that and file an-
other ; we were concluded by having filed one,
and could not change the route as indicated by
that plat.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Was that decision of
the Attorney General since 1864?
Mr. HENDERSON. Of course; it was this
year. I differ with the Attorney General on
that point. Having up to the 1st of July to
file a plat, I think we could have filed it at any
time up to the 1st of July, and file an addi-
tional plat up to that period.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. It seems then to stand
something in this way: if the construction
given by the Senator from Missouri were cor-
rect, and this eastern division now had the
right accorded to it by act of Congress to take
the Smoky Hill route, as it is called, this would
be merely a question of whether or not the
time for filing the plat should be extended.
Then I should have nothing to say.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is all there is
in it.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. But that does not ap-
pear to be all. It seems that the Secretary of
the Interior holds that under the law of 1804
the right of going up the Smoky Hill route is
not accorded to them, and they yet must go
up the Republican river route; that the only
benefit derived by them from the legislation
of 1864 is that they are not compelled to unite
with the main stem precisely at the one hun-
dredth meridian, but near to it, and still be-
tween the valley of the Platte and the valley
of the Republican. If that be correct, the
question before us under the present bill is
whether we shall really change the whole plan
laid down when the Pacific railroad was first
established. If it be now so that under the
law the eastern division cannot go up the
Smoky Hill route but is compelled to follow
up the valley of the Republican and must meet
the main stem near the one hundredth merid-
ian, then this bill asks us to abandon all that
and establish a new policy. If that be the
condition of affairs, I cannot vote for the first
section of the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose that the
Senator from Iowa is just as competent to give
construction to this language as the Secretary
of the Interior; I will read him the 'language
of the act of 1864 
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I have read that. Look-
ing at that alone I should be of the opinion of
the Senator from Missouri; and yet what the
companies may have done byway of indicating
an established route, what facts may have oc-
curred that would have a bearing on that, I do
not know.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator agrees
with me, and the Secretary of the Interior re-
fuses to let the company have the money because
he takes a wrong construction of the law, there
is very great necessity for Congress giving a
construction to it. The Senator says he agrees
exactly with my construction. The Secretary
of the Interior, who lias charge of this thing,
it is said, disagrees with us. Now, why shall
we not make that plain which has misled the
Secretary of the Interior?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. 1 think it'is a rule of
construction always that we look not only to
the language of the law itself but to all the
surroundings. What those may be I do not
know. I should like to read the opinion of
the Secretary of the Interior; I should like to
know upon what he bases the opinion given by
him, as I understand that this company is still
confined to the valley of the Republican. If
that be the case, if the company is still eon-
fined to the valley of the Republican, we are
asked to change the whole idea upon which the
Union Pacific railroad bill was based. If that
idea has been already changed, as the Senator
from Missouri claims it has been, then we have
nothing to do but mesely to give this company
