1344
THE ;CONGKESSIO¥AL GLOBE.
Mar(St-12,
lice, perhaps, of all others. And if we are to
infer from that that the only object of the bill
was revenue, then I regret exceedingly that
many of those who with myself have been on
all occasions sticklers for revenue solely .should
not have received and acted upon this bill in
the same spirit in whieli it was proposed.
I have witnessed, with regret that among
gentlemen with whom. I have associated and
always agreed upon questions of this kind
.there is a disposition^ wherever, this bill effects
any particular local interest of their own, to
depart from what has been the cardinal prin-
ciple of the party w&ose representatives we
are. . It is truethe representation of that party
fc;ere is small, but I had hoped they would be
faithful to the principles upon which they were
elected. With reference to all those proposi-
tions to protect particular interests, X would
ask what commodity there is that, is now being
used by the people at large, the price of which
demands this extraordinary protective legisla-
tion. Whether it be coal, or petroleum, or
cotton fabrics, or beef, or broom-corn, I desire
to inquire whether they are not bringing in the
market all that the consumer can pa-y for them.
Hence I feel annoyed at the perttnacity with
which particular members of my own party in-
sist upon protection for articles in which their
particular constituents arc interested. I trust
that hereafter wo shall, at least, preserve con-
sistency with our past professions of principle
in regard to this subject.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to——
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the pending amendment. *
Mr. ROSS. J move to amend by adding,
"not to take effect for the next ten days." _1
regret that anything should have occurred in
my conduct that should have given pain to my
distinguished friend from New York, [Mr.
winpm.n.J
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from illinois [Mr. Ross] is not
discussing the pending amendment..
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from illinois
[Mr. Ross] will proceed in order.
Mr. ROSS. I am just reaching the amend-
ment. J say that, in my judgment, under the
circumstances by which we are surrounded, it
is proper legislation to be had by this Congress.
Nor do I regard it as a departure from the
fundamental principles, to which my friend
has alluded, which have governed the action of
the IX mioeratie party.
Mr. BEAMAN. i insist upon my point of
order, that the gentleman is not,"discussing the
amendment he has proposed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois must confine his remarks to the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I will say I was surprised at
the remarks which fell from the gentleman
from Vermont. [Mr. Mqriuh,,] showing that
he should object to a duty of twenty-five per
cent, upon the products of the farmers of the
West, when he is not satisfied with less than
from forty to fifty and one hundred per cent
upon the labor of his own State.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise again to a point of
order. The amendment of the gentleman pro-
poses that this shall not go into cll'eet for ten
days. My point of order is that he is not dis-
cussing that amendment,.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. ROSS. If the gentleman has got through
his points of order [ wili proceed. I have
understood the theory heretofore urged by the
peculiar friends and advocates of the system
of protection to be that the higher the tariff
the cheaper the goods. Now, I want to apply
that to my New England friends. 1 want them
to try if, by putting a tariff on wheat and pork
and beef and broom-corn, those articles will
come cheaper to them. Why, sir, this article
of broom-corn is a matter of very great in-
terest to my constituents; it is an article that
is raised largely in Illinois, and in the district
which I represent.
Now, I ask, "why should we ndt have a dirty
of at least twentyifive per cent, upon thib arti-
cle, while upon the article of marble, my friend,
the chairman of the Committee, of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Mobmix,] wants forty or fifty per
cent, duty?
Mr. WJ.NETELD. I would ask my friend jf
he is a convert to the doctrine that a high tariff
makes cheap goods?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir ; I think the tendency
of the legislation of this country should be
toward free trade rather than toward a high
tariff.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. ROSS. It seems to mo that my time has
been taken up by the points of order of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Beaman.]
Mr. PRICE. I withdraw <fey amendment.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "broom." I offer this amend-
ment for the purpose of spoiling the bill; and
why I wish to do this I will indicate in a very
few words. • •
The distinguished chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means has said that he knows
no undertaking more difficult than the attempt
to make a tariff which shall gratify all portion s of
the country and be in accordance with the views
of the representatives of cach locality. Now,
I think I can suggest to the gentleman one thing
still more difficult: it is to make one tariff for
the British Canadian Provinces, another tariff
for the West Indies, another for the Russian
possessions upon our borders, another for Mex-
ico, another for each of the European States.
This is a task which it is impossible for any one
to undertake with success.
I should think that by this time the gentle-
men of the Committee of Ways and Means would
have discovered that this bill is an outrage upon
the American policy in more senses than have
been indicated by the gentleman from Now
York, [Mr. Conklinu,] one of the committee.
It is an outrage upon the American policy in
attempting to make a tariff with reference to
one particular country, instead of having a gen-
eral tariff system which shall bear equally upon
all foreign countries which make importations
into the United States.
Now, sir, what is the fact in regard to the
British American Provinces? A few years ago
they were gravitating toward us; and there is
good reason to believe that, if we had had no
reciprocity treaty, no differential system, in
reference to those neighboring Provinces, by
this time it would only have remained for us to
say whether we would or would not have them
attached to this Union as a component part.
But when we adopted a reciprocity treaty, when
we gave to those Provinces the benciits of a
bargain by which they had all the advantage of
being in the Union, without bearing any of the
burdens, they grew saucy as they prospered
under that bargain, and came to be, during our
late trials, among the most detestable of all
our enemies.
Now, sir, I propose in reference to these
British Provinces, as in reference to all other
outside countries, to treat them "as enemies
in war, in peace friends and when we make
u tariff, let it be a general tariff, under which
goods coming from those Provincesl^hall fall
under the same law that regulates importations
from all other tjuarters of the globe.
Thcro may bo other provisions of this bill—
for instance, those regulating transit through
the canals—which it may be well enough to
consider at some future time; but I do not
know that we are quite ready at present for the
consideration of those questions. I wish those
gentlemen upon the other side of the border
to wait awhile ; I wish the reciprocity to end
on the 17th day of this month; and though
thereby there maybe some little inconvenience
in particular localities of our country and to
especial branches of trade or manufacture, I
think it will be better to bear all such incon-
voniences until we can pass a general law put-
ting the importations from the British Prov-
inces on the same footing as the importations
from all other countries. The outrage, as_I
regard it, upon American policy consists m
attempting this special, differential, excep-
tional legislation in reference to the outsiders
of a single country, while we adopt no such
system with reference to others.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I was very
much surprised'and somewhat mortified a few
days'ago on finding When I had "made a motion
to get rid of this bill at' an early stage of the
debate upon it, that a' great many gentlemen
who sympathized-with-my purpose considered
it a discourteous and rude .motion. ' I certainly
intended nothing of the kind'to the Committee
of Ways and Means. The chairman of that
committee assuredly knows that it would be
utterly impossible for me to make a motion in
this House intended to convey disrespect or
discourtesy to him. I thought that the House
was against, the bill. I do not think that op-
position to a bill was ever more unmistakably
indicated than has been to this bill from first
to last; and I do not believe you can find forty
gentleman who can say that, they intend to vote
for .the bill as it has gone through the amend-
atory process.
Now, as our time is valuable, is it not best
to express the sense of the House on a direct
motion? And having said that I did not in-
tend any disrespect before, it is unnecessary
to repeat that I do not now intend disrespect
when I renew the motion, for the purpose of
bringing this question to a head at once, to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill. I
submit that motion.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. MOIIRILL. Will the gentleman allow
me one minute?
Mr. BLATNE. I will.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit that the motion
to strike out an enacting clause is not debata-
ble.
Mr. MORRILL. If it is not, the gentleman
can withdraw it, so that I can say a word, and
I will renew it.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I am on the
■floor, as-I was recognized.
Mr. BLAINE." I withdrew it with the un-
derstanding that the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] had the floor, and understand-
ing that he would renew it.
Mr. CONKLING. I had the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. Very well; I had the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Maine withdraw his motion to strike out
the enacting clause?
Mr. BLAINE. I withdrew the motion at
the request af the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conkling] stepped in by some
clever trick, in order to say that I yielded to
him. I did not yield to the gentleman. I insist
my motion is before the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a point of order.
I want to know what the gentleman means by
saying that I got the floor by a trick, whether
a very clever one or otherwise.
Mr. BLAINE. I meant to say that I yielded
to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] who asked the privilege of saying a word;
and I understood that the gentleman would
renew the motion. I never gave up the floor
to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. CONKLING-. That is a very round-
about answer to my question. My point is this:
I arose to address the Chair, and was recog-
nized. The point was made that 
Mr. BLAINE. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. CONKLfNG. I-rise toapoint oforder.
Mr. BLAINE. I call the gentleman from
New York to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine is not in order; the gentleman from New
York is recognized. •
Mr. CONKLIN G. My point of order is, that
I was recognized by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The point was made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vexs,] that the motion to strike out the enact-
ing. clause was not- debatable. It was then an-
nounced that- the motion was withdrawn, and
