1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1345
the Chair then recognized the gentleman from ;
New York. [Mr. Co.vKi.ixo.] !
Mr. ELAINE. If the gentleman from Xew '
York was recognized, how eouid I withdraw .
the motion'' 1 had not the floor 'in that ease >
to withdraw it. The very purpose ol'withdraw- I
ing it was an admission that X was entitled to the
floor and that I held it.
The (JII AIRMAN. The gentleman from Xew
York was in order as the Chair understood the
gentleman from Maine moved to strikeout the
enacting clause, and the gentleman from New
York rose and was rccognized.
Mr. BLAINE. He was interrupting me
within my time.
The Ci-IAIRMAN. Let the Chair proceed
without interruption. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevf.vn] suggested that
the motion was not debatable, and the Chair
sustained the point. The gentleman from Maine
then withdrew his motion; the gentleman from
New York was recognized by the Chair. He
has a right to pioceed in order.
Mv. CONKLING. Now, if I may be allowed
to make a remark, I will proceed with what I
was going to say.
The CH AIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending.
Mr. CONKLING-. Imove, then, to strike out
the last word of the section or paragraph that
we are considering.
Mr. SC1IENCK". I have not yet withdrawn
that '■ broom'-' of mine. [Laughter.] T will
take it out now so as to give the gentleman an
opportunity.
Mr. CONKLIXGr. I renew that motion, and
perhaps that is a logical way to enable me_ to
say what I propose to say. for I am coming
near to an agreement with the gentleman from
Ohio. I suppose it is a very fair question,
to say the least, whether, as this reciprocity
treaty is expiring, and before it has expired, it
is worth while at all for this Congress to adopt
any legislation as a substitute. I am very frank
to admit that with me it lias been a very grave
question all the time.
Undoubtedly the country did expect and this
House did expect from the Committee of AVays
and Means a proposition of some sort to take
the place of this-treaty. But gentlemen, and
especially the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevuxs,] who is looking
veiy sharply at me at this time, have quite
mistaken some members ot the committee at
least if tlK'v suppose they are partisans for any-
thing to take the place of the reciprocity treaty.
On the contrary, speaking for myself alone. I
admit that I have been very much inclim-d to
the idea suggested by the gentleman from Ohio,
thai if this treaty.should expire, a short time at
lea^t should elapse, <o the cud that we might
trv absolute free trade, we should all be the
wiser, and the country would be the wiser, as
to the substitute we ought to have.
I sav, therefore, speaking not at all for the
committee, but for myscK alone, that if any
member chooses to submit a motion either to
strike out the enacting clause, or any other
motion deciding the fate of this bill. 1 think
the committee ought to vote upon it without
considering it disrespectful to the Committee
of Ways and Means or anybody else. If it is
true that the better opinion, in the judgment
of" the House, is that we ought not to have, as
the gentleman fiom Ohio says, any special
tin iff iu regard to these Provinces, let the
House sav so at once. I think the Committee
of Ways and Means should disclaim all feeling
wlneh'wotild stand in the way of an expicssion
of opinion on the part of the House on this
subject. For one I am ready to vote upon
such a motion, and I fhink the whole of the
Committee of Ways and Means is, and I shall
be very glad if tlie gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. [Mr. SrKvr.Xi.] or anybody else, will
make any motion which will fairly test the sense
of the I louse upon tins bill: and if that sense
is adverse to it. let us abandon it. because cer-
taiuiv we arc not improving the bul as we go
on, and it is not gathering strength.
Mr. MORKILL. Let me say that so far as I
39th Com. 1st Sess.— No. 85.
am concerned, I am entirely indifferent as to
wluit the committee shall decide to do villi (his
bill; but before the committee shall vote upon
it, I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to the bill itself, for by the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] and by
the remarks of my colleaugue on the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. [Mr. Coxklixg. ] I per-
ceive that there is a wide, a very wide difference
of opinion as to the scope of the bill.
We have already passed upon the first section
of the bill, and that, as I said before, when the
bill was first under discussion, is the only por-
tion of it which relates to any reciprocal legis-
lation with Canada, except the last portion of
the bill, where we obtainfavorsexclnsivclyfrom
them. All the rest of the bill is general legis-
lation, applicable to the whole country.
And now. if we shall defeat this bill. I say to
gentlemen they have got these same provisions
item by item to go through with in the general
tariff bill, and all the labor we have expended
on this bill «ill be lost.
I appeal, therefore, to the committee that
they shall not lose the labor already bestowed,
ami which we will inevitably have to go through
with again when the same subject comes ap.
[ do not object to any amount of duty which*
may be put on any article in this bill, as the
duty has already been raised on many articles,
and it applies as much to France, Germany,
and South America as to the Provinces. It is
an utter mistake to suppose that this ,bill is a
reciprocity treaty, or is to take the place of that
treaty. But it has become necessary to legis-
late upon this subject in consequence of the
approaching termination of the treaty, which
includes many articles which have been greatly
neglected for the last ten years, and the pro-
visions. in regard to them will remain as they
are unless we pass this bill.
For instance, until we can get up a tariff, all
animals will come in free, and so will various
other articles. The duty 011 lumber is anom-
alous, being as much on planed as 011 rough
lumber. And yet when we come to the latter
part of the bill'we come to sections by which
pro\ision is made to give the Provinces the
free navigation of Lake Michigan, piovidcd we
have in return the navigation of the St. Law-
rence and their canals. Wcpropos.e to let them
transport their articles across our territory if
they will let our weste.nl people take their prod-
ucts across Canadian territory. I conceive that
these are important provisions, and I hope the
committee will not ignore them in any caprice.
Mr. CONKL1NG.' I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, i renew the amendment
to the amendment for the purpo.se of saying a
word or two 011 this bill. I want to say, what
has been better said by thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Scio:xcjf]than 1 can say it. that 1 believe
no special tariff ought ever to be enacted in
this country. 1 hat which is for one country
should be for all; that which is lor one portion
of this country should be for all portions of it.
Now, if we pass 110 bill of this kind at all.
what will be the result? Ihe general tarifi
which now ovists, and which on account of the
reciprocity treaty did not apply to Canada,
will apply to all countries alike. We will not
be leit without a la 1 iff, but the old reciprocity
treaty will be supplied by our general tariff.
Now. this bill undertakes to reduce our gen-
eral tariff in order that we may favor Canada.
It is said if this bill is not passed their cattle
will come in free. Ilow- long will it take the
Committee of Ways ami .Means to prepare a
tariff that will remedy that evil ? Tt may take
them a month we will soy. In the meantime
our friend from ihe Chicago district [Mr. W est-
wortit] has introduced a bill which passed,
under which cattle cannot be introduced here
from any country until we repeal that bill.
No live stock can be brought 111 under that bill.
Mr. M01UULL, If my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevexs] wiil allow me, I will
say that the Secretary of the Treasury has sus-
pended the operations of that bill, and cattle
are now admitted free from Canada.
Mr. STEVENS. How could he do that?
Mr. MORRILL. Under a second bill passed
in the morning hour some days ago.
Mr. STEVENS. It must have been passed
some morning quite earlv before I got here.
Mr. C0XKL1NG. If I am not mistaken,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens J himself voted for that bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Perhaps I did.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill as now amended
gives, I believe, as high a tariff upon those ar-
ticles, and upon most of them higher, than now
exists.
Mr. STEVENS. Then why should we pass
these special tariffs? Why should we have 0110
for a town in Nova Scotia, another for a town-
ship in New Brunswick, and another for a place
way down by Breakwater, I do not know where?
\\ hat kind of statesmanship is that which would
cut up into a hundred different bills what might
be in one general tariff bill? A tarifi which
embraces Pennsylvania should be the same for
the West, for New England as well as for the
rest of the country.
I promised my friend on my left here [Mr.
Bl.mxe] that 1 would renew his motion to strike
out the enacting words of this bill, in order that
this matter may bo fairly tested. If this com-
mittee wishes a special tariff", then they can
vote down that motion, if they want a gen-
eral taiifl", and are willing to wait until thegen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Moiqiill] and his
committee can prepare one, then the}' will vote
for the motion. The gentleman from Vermont
says some of the last sections of this bill are
very important, and if this bill is not passed
they will be lost. Why, sir, if he will only take
his scissors and cut them out and put them in
another bill, they will not be lost. [ Laughter.]
Upon the motion to strike out the enacting
words of the bill, upon a division there were—
ayes 015, noes 42.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
'tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Spaedixg were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes t>3, noes 37.
So the motion to strike out the enactingwords
of the bill was agreed to.
Mr. HILL moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resinned the chair, Mr. Ixgersoli, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 037, regulating trade with the
British North American possesions, and had
directed him to recommend to the House to
slrike out the enacting words of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous question
upon concurring in the recommendation ot the
Committee of the V hole.
The previous question was: seconded, and ths
main question was ordered.
Mr. MOIUIILL. I call for the yeas and nays
upon striking out the enacting words.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 7(5, nays .r>2, not voting
55: as follows:
YEAS—-Jle'ei*. .Tames 51. Ashley, Bichvell, Bins-
ham, Blaine,Biandc^ce, Broninall.Biiektand.Bunuy,
Ohanlcr, Collioth, P.irlinff, Dawson, Delano, Deming,
Dcni'un, Doimcllv, Eldridse, Feiry, Haves, Hender-
son. Ilirrbv, Hill, Clipper 1). Hubbard. l>emas Hub-
hard, John II. lluhhard. Edwin Ilubholl, Julian,
Kellcy, KeltO,Ketc'ham,KuykeridalI,Lafham,Georfc0
V. Lawrenee, William J.awrenee, Le Blond, .noan,
Lonccyear.McClurp MeRuer, Mp'eiu'. Miller, Moor-
head, Moulton, Myers. ISewell,. iNic-lio son, Unh,
Paine, Peiiiam. Phelps, Plant?, Price, Radlord, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Alexander II. R""> ^''ter. lineers.
Rice, Rittor, lioeor
SrwyCT?SehcnASheflabarger, Sitgreaves, Spaldin?,
Starr. Stevens, Tabor. Thayer, 1'rancis ihoiuos,
Trimble Trowl rKK-e, Van Aernam, Lllliu B. "ft ash-
nnib ft. L'rovvuriust.', vif.
burnc. "VVelfcer. IWntworth, Stephen 1-. uson, W m-
dom, and Winfidcl—70.^
de
Ber„
Ahner 0. Ibn-ding, Tfnms,
Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, AsahelW. Hubbard, Hul-
jnird, Xitgersoll, Jeuckes, Laftin, Lynch, Marshall.
