1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
2G£:
were subjects of the General Government, and
ofthe General Government, alone. They were
traitors and parricides, without any sort of ex-
cuse, any sort of color or pretense, on any doc-
trine of State rights, for their treason. They,
therefore, should certainly not be treated by us
with any consideration in regard to rights in
this District.
But when we come to commit to the hands
of those whom we select, delegated power from
ourselves, to be exercised in this District, I sub-
mit that we may with great propriety say we
will submit these powers, entirely within our
discretion, entirely within our control, to the
men in whose loyalty we are entitled to have
confidence.
Another objection that is made to my amend-
ment is that it disfranchises men who have
heretofore been entitled to vote in this District.
It does so ; and I have but two things to say on
this subject. It is urged by some that the right
of suffrage is in the nature of a vested right;
and that when a man votes once there is at
least something peculiarly hard, if not entirely
unconstitutional, in taking that right from him.
I recognize no such vested rights. When seek-
ing to establish a munieijsal government upon
a proper basis, I see no force in the argument
that we are to allow all improper persons who
voted a year ago to vote now, simply because
they voted then. It seems to me, with defer-
ence to gentlemen, that that is a conservatism
of evil, and not a conservatism of good.
And more than that, there is another reason
that I think ought to have weight here, why this
disfranchising clause must be included in any
proper bill here. That is, if you omit this
clause you do of necessity draw a distinction
between the black and the white. Under the
law as it stood a year ago it was only the white
man who could vote here, and if we say that all
who voted a year ago shall vote now, we extend
the privilege to white persons while we exclude
the blacks possessing the same qualification;
we allow all the class of white voters to vote,
although by our action here we declare them
unfit to vote, and do this to the exclusion of
the blacks. I believe that the only way to
remedy this evil and to arrive at a fair and just
system here is to include, as I propose, a dis-
franchising clause as to all whom we regard as
not fairly qualified, putting all on a level as to
present qualifications.
Mr. Speaker, I have already occupied more
time than I intended, in endeavoring to vin-
dicate the propositions which I -have submitted
to the House. I wisli to say, in conclusion,
that of the details of my amendment I am by
no means tenacious. I do not expect to bring
every member of the House, or even every
member on this side of the House, to concur
in all my own views. I desire simply to put my
measures fairly before the House, and to advo-
cate them as 1 best can. I am ready and will-
ing to yield my own preferences in matters of
detail to their better judgment. More than that,
I shall not follow the example that has been
set by some on this side of the House who
oppose my amendment, and who claim to be
the peculiar friends of negro suffrage, by pro-
claiming that I will adhere to the doctrine of
qualified suffrage, and will join our political
enemies, the Democrats, in voting down every-
thing else. Uo, sir ; for one, and I say it with
entire frankness, I prefer a restricted and qual-
ified suffrage substantially upon the basis that
I have proposed. If the voice of this House
be otherwise—if the sentiment of this Congress
be that it is more desirable that universal suf-
frage should be extended to all within this Dis-
trict, then, for one. I say most decidedly I am
for it rather than to leave the matter in its pres-
ent condition, or to disfranchise the black race
in this District. And in doing this I shall put
myself fairly and frankly upon the record as
voting for unqualified and unrestrained negro
suffrage in the District. I shall resort to no
such flimsy subterfuge as to claim that it is not
a question of negro suffrage, because the word
negro is not contained in the bill. A bill whose
on}y effect is to enabls negroes to vote whoro
they could not vote before, is in ftet, call it by
whatever name you please, a bill for negro suf-
frage, and whether it receives my vote or not,
I shall never fear or hesitate to call it by that
name.
But, Mr. Speaker, I know, or have reason to
believe, that there are many members of this
House who agree with me in my preference for
limited suffrage who will not go with me m
voting for universal suffrage if our own prefer-
ence is defeated. I appeal to gentlemen to
conaider whether there is not great danger, if
gentlemen persist in following out their own
preferences and determine to take nothing else,
that all the remedies which we seek to attain
by either of these measures may be entirely lost.
As has been indicated in the House, and out of
it, we may come to the ground between the two
propositions. That, sir, would be a result whieh.
I should most heartily deprecate. I desire to
see inaugurated in this District such measures
as shall put its population upon a fair and just
footing in regard to the exercise of political
rights, and shall greatly regret if the measure
be lost by the tenacious adherence of its friends
to their individual differences of opinion.
Gentlemen have referred here repeatedly to
the question as to how far gentlemen will be
indorsed by their constituents in their action oa
this subject. The question is raised from time
to time, will such a constituency sustain its Rep-
resentative in such a course ? Sir, I believe in
the propriety of always considering duly this
question; but when gentlemen tell me that the
Union party is going to be ruined by the adop-
tion of universal suffrage, or of restricted suf-
frage, or of a property qualification ia the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and that the American people
will not sustain any such proposition, I tell gen-
tlemen , with all deference to the superior knowl-
edge which every man is supposed to have of
his own district, that, in my humble judgment,
they misjudge the temper and character of the
American people. No, sir, I do not believe
that there is a district in this Union to which
a Representative, having east his vote consist-
ently, honestly, boldly, cither for universal or
for qualified suffrage, cannot go back to his con-
stituents confident of their approval. 1 should
deem it an insult to my constituents to intimate
that I doubted whether they would sustain me
in a course which 1 took honestly and fairlyon
a question of polic}', not involving the great
principles of the party.
The Union party, sir, send here representa-
tives of its great principles; they expect those
men to stand by those principles; and no man,
I trust, is in any danger of failing to do so. So
long as a Representative is true to those great
principles, the Union party is not to scan his acts
with suspicion and distrust, and call him to ac-
count for this vote and that. If I dreamed it pos-
sible for my constituency to entertain a question
of that kind, I can only say, that whenever the
question was raised, and they saw fit to record
their disapproval of my course in reference to
a question not involving any principle of the
party, I should retire from this House to private
life with greater satisfaction than any other per-
son in my district, or out of it, could have in
my retirement.
Mr. DARLING-. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. DARLING. I desire to ask him whether
I here is not in the State of New York a quali-
fied suffrage, a discrimination as against the
colored people, and whether the Union or Re-
publican party of that State is n&t on record as
against the property qualification required of
colored men there to enable them to be voters;
whether that party is not in favor of abolishing
that property qualification.
Mr. HALE. I answer my colleague that I
do not pretend to be thoroughly informed as to
the history of any political party. I have no
knowledge that either the Republican or the
JJnion party in the State of New York is, or
ever has been, on record for the i-epeal of the
present constitutional provision. It may all
have been.
Mr. DARLING-. I desire to say to the Hoh«e,
with the gentleman's p«nmssioii,tbattherefiS:-
no season why we should fce in a particular
hurry to pass this bill now before the House,
as the election in this District does not take
place until the month of June. And at that
election no one can vote who has not been
registered for six months. Therefore, under
the election law of this District,the^assagje of
this bill would be a mockery, a 6u'ce,:a deta
sion, and a snare, so for as the negno popalati&a
are concerned. •
[Hesse the ham-mer fell.] ,
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, the measure
before the House is of so much importance
that, notwithstanding the length of the discus*
sion to which it has given rise, I am unwitting ■
that it should close without a brief statement
of the reasons which influence my own conclu-
sions and justify to my own judgment and oon>
science the vote which I shall give.
The proposition contained in this bill is anew •
proposition. It contemplates a change which
will be a landmark in the history of this coun-
try—a landmark which, if it is set up, wil.be-
regarded by the present and future generations
of men who are to inhabit this continent with
pride and satisfaction, or deplored as one of the
gravest errors in the history of legislation. The
bill, if it shall become a law, will be, like the
law to amend the Constitution by abolishing
slavery, the deep foot-print of an advancing
ilization, or the conspicuous monument of an'
unwise and pernicious experiment. I have >
sidered it under a deep sense of the yespo-tisibil-
ity which its importance imposes upon mq. I
have in its consideration endeavored t© divest'
myself of all pax-tisan influences and personal
prejudices. If I err, my judgment may be
arraigned, but my conscience will be clear.
The preposition which is submitted to- us
is free from any constitutional embarrassment.
This is admitted om all hands. It is deadly
within the scope of our constitutional powersv
The action proposed is undoubtedly an exercise
of lawful authority. The question to be solved
is, isitconsistentwith justice, and is it demanded
by the best interests of the people of the U nited
States? Much has been said, onthepartofthose
who oppose the bill, on the subject of its injustice
to the white inhabitants of the District of Co-
lumbia. Indeed, the argument on that side of
the question is, when divested of all that is im-
material, meretricious, and extrav-agant, reduced
almost entirely to that single position. Abstract
this from the excited declamation to which you
have listened, and what is left is but the old revolt-
ing argument in favor of slavery, and a selfish
appeal to prejudice and ignorance. It is insisted
that a majority of the white voters of the District
are opposed to the contemplated law, that they
have recently given a public expression of their
opinion against it, and that for that reason it
would be unjust and oppressive in Congress to
pass this law. I do not know how far that al-
leged expression of opinion may be considered
as fair and impartial, or precisely wh«tt value is
to be attached to it as an expression of popular
sentiment. Thegentlemanfroralowa£M*.'wil*
sos] informs us that those who were in favor ot
the law abstained from voting. But, conced*
ing to it all the force which is claimed for it, let
me say, sir, that in my judgment this is a ques-
tion not concerning alone the wishes and preju-
dices of the seven thousand voters who dwell in
this District, but involving, it may be, the honor,
the justice, the good faith, and the magnanimity
of the great nation which makes this little spot
the central seat of its empire and its power.
If it concerns the honor of the United States
that a certain class of its people, in a portion of
its territory subject to its exclusive jurisdiction
and control, shall, in consideration of the change
which has taken place in its coftdition and of the
fidelity which it has exhibited in the midst of
great and severe trials, be elevated somewhat
above the political degradation which has hith-
erto been its lot, shall the United Slates be pre?
vented from the accomplishment of that great
and generous purpose by the handful of voters
who temporarily encamp under tJio shadow of
