1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8265
time to file their plat. But there is so wide a
difference between these two opinions that it
seems to me we ought to examine the matter
very carefully before we act upon it.
I am decidedly in favor myself of the second
section of this bill. If the Central Pacific Kail-
road Company is able to build more lapidiy
from the west to the east, or so rapidly that
they will be able to get more than one hundred
and fifty miles by the time we reach them, I do
not sec why they should not bo allowed to do
it. My object is to get the road built as soon
as it can bo built.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Nevada
has deemed it his duty on this occasion to crit-
icise the acts of the directors, of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company. It is not my pur-
pose to defend them here. I know but few of
them. The gentlemen that 1 do know are
men of individual honor and personal char-
acter. General Dix is president of the road,
and 1 take it that no man in the Senate or in
the country questions either his capacity or his
character. We have five Government direct-
ors in the road appointed by the President of
the United States. I understand that these
are gentlemen of character, gentlemen who
may be relied upon. If it would be for the
interests of the country to have this legislation,
I take it these directors would in some way
have indicated to the proper authorities their
views on the subject. What have we put these
five directors in this company for but to watch
over the interests of the whole country in the
road? Not a word is quoted here from the
directors of the Government in favor of this
legislation.
Now, sir, I choose to pay some deference to
the opinions of a gentleman like General Dix,
the president of this road, and to the five di-
rectors appointed by the President of the Uni-
ted States to take care of the interests of the
country. If I understand this matter, wo in-
corporated in 1802 the Union Pacific Railroad
Company. They were to build from the one
hundredth meridian to the State of California.
Mr..CONNESS. Into the State.
Mr. WILSON. We did not intend they
should go over the line.
Mr. CONNKSS. Yes; it was provided that
they might go over the line.
Mr. WILSON. In 1804 we allowed the Cen-
tral Pacific llailroad Company of California to
come one hundred and fifty miles east of the
line of California.
Mr. STEWART. There is just where the
Senator is mistaken. In 18Glyou attempted to
prevent us from coming in. The companies,
previous to that time, had the right to build as
far as they could. The Union Pacific railroad
was organized to run to the California State
line, anil, provided it did not get there at the
time the Central Pacific road was built, the
Central Pacific road was to come right on to
the East, or if the Central Pacific railroad was
not built when the Union Pacific road reached
the California line, the latter could go clear
on to the bay of San Francisco. Neither was
limited in the extent to which it might go. In-
asmuch as the Sierra Nevada mountains were
supposed to be a serious obstacle, it was pre-
sumed that the Central Pacific road would not
get more than over the mountains by the time
the Union Pacific road reached California, or
if otherwise, it should have the right to go
clear on. In 1804 somebody manipulated, after
the manner that has been stared, to cut off the
right of tile Central Pacific road to come east.
We do not object to the right of the Union
Pacific road to go west. We want the compe-
tition.
While I am on the floor I may be allowed
to say further that General Dix's character
and no man's character is above the law; and
.when the law says he may mortgage only one
hundred miles in advance of construction, and
when the Government gives him money enough
to build the road, if he goes fifteen hundred
miles beyond the point he has completed and
attempts to get a lien upon the line that dis-
tance off, under the pretext of borrowing cap-
3!)th Oono. 1st ftes.- -No. 205.
ital in foreign lands, with the view of prevent-
ing the road being built from the western end,
whether it be General Dix or General any-
body else, he is violating the law, and the Sen-
ate ought to watch him. I condemn the spirit
manifested by this company, when they had
not located the initial point on the eastern end,
to obstruct the building of the road from the
western end and thus delay this great national
work for years, under the pretext of encum-
bering it in foreign lands, when they did not
need it to be encumbered at all, when the
Government builds it for them almost entirely,
when the company are going to have it built
by the generosity of the Government and then
own it themselves, and tax the people for its
use, they beingthe special favorites of the Gov-
ernment. When under such circumstances
they attempt to impede the great highway
of nations, I do not care whether it be Gen-
eral Dix or General anybodyelse, my voice is
against anybody who lays an obstruction in the
way; and I say the maps that came into the
Pacific Railroad Committee were intended
as an obstruction, and their letters claiming
that the Central Pacific Railroad Company
from the west should not be allowed to come
east farther than one hundred and fifty miles
from the Sierra Nevada mountains are an
obstruction. It is not true that the Central
Pacific Railroad Company cannot come from
the western end. 'The worst part of it is
nearly constructed. They can pass Salt Lake
and they can meet the Union Pacific railroad
very near the Rocky mountains, because they
build more railroad on the ground and not so
much on paper.
Mr. POMEROY. I am sorry to hear what
the Senator from Nevada says in regard to the
Union Pacific Railroad Company. I do not
believe there is a better company in the United
States. 1 know the men very well. They are
men not only of means but of integrity and
character, and they are building in good faith.
I should like to know the fact about their hav-
ing mortgaged the road to the Rocky mount-
ains. I do not believe a word of it.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the letter; they
say so in that.
Mr. POMEItOY. They may have mort-
gaged, and they had a right to morlgage, their
lands ; but they can mortgage their road only
for one hundred miles in advance of any con-
structed line. 'That they may have done, for
they have a right to do it; but any insinuation
that that company is not honorable and high-
minded, and building the road in good faith,
and having large means and large capacity, is
unworthy of being uttered here or anywhere.
They are doing their work in good faith under
the law ; doing the best, they can, and in such
away that they commend themselves to every-
body who is aware of what they are doing.
Mr. STEWART. I have the authority of
the Senator from Massachusetts for the state-
ment that they have mortgaged the whole line
of their road, and they have written to that
effect. I have seen several letters saying so.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to see them.
Mr. STEWART. They are here m the pos-
session of Senators.
Mr. POMEROY". They have a right to
mortgage their lands.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator pretend
to say that they have a right to mortgage lands
in Nevada?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; but such lands
as are contained in the grant to them they have
a right to mortgage. I have seen no mort-
gage, and I do not know anything about it; I
have not a cent's interest in it; but then I do
not like to hear it said that men of the char-
acter and standing and capacity of the men
who are conducting the enterprise and build-
ing the Paeilie road, men that I know well,
have violated the law, that they have done
what they had not a right to do, for the sake
of injurins: them abroad or at home.
Mr. STEWART. I was not the one that
said it in the first instance. I had heard this
about a long time. It was stated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that such was the
fact, and it was claimed as a virtue on their
part that they were encumbering in Europe
the road fifteen hundred miles in advance of
their construction, for the purpose of i-aising
money to build it. It was claimed that they
had a right to do it, and it was claimed that
it was one of their virtues and that this bill
was interfering with their vested rights. When
such a violation of the law as that is claimed
as a virtue on this Senate floor, is it possible
that any company, however powerful, is so
influential and so great that a Senator has not
the right to get up and protest against the vio-
lation of the law which they confess they have
committed? Their letters, their maps, confess
that they have gone and mortgaged the line to
the full extent of within one hundred and fifty
miles of the eastern boundary of California,
and if t.hey have done so, we had better have
a committee of investigation and see if they
are going to lie eternally on the path of this
road. It cannot be built from one end alone
in filtcen years or in twenty years. It is much
more convenient to build a portion of it from
the western end. There you are nearer the
base of supplies, nearer water communication,
and the line is already being constructed with
great power and rapidity from that end. If it
is claimed as a virtue that this company is at-
tempting to monopolize this whole route, the
high character of the gentlemen engaged in it
is not to prevent a Senator from exposing it
when it is blazoned forth in open day here.
Mr. POMEROY. All I say is, that I dis-
pute the fact that they have mortgaged the
road any further than they had a right to do
under the law.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator does not
dispute that they have written letters saying
that tbey have mortgaged it.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do not know anything
about their letters; but I have such confidence
in the men that until evidence to the contrary
is produced I shall not believe that they ever
mortgaged a rod of the road beyond what they
had a right to do, and that was one hundred
miles in advance of any continuous completed
line. They had the right to mortgage their lands
under certain restrictions if anybody would take
them. That is all there is in the suggestion of
mortgage; and when the Senator asserts that
they have mortgaged all the line of the road out
to California I do not believe a word of it.
Mr. STEW ART. You mean to say that you
do not believe they have done it.
Mr. POMEROY. I mean to say that. I think
you arc mistaken about it. I do not think they
have done it.
Mr. WILSON. As this company has been
brought in question, I send to the desk, and
desire to have it read, a statement made by
General Dix, the president of the company,
which covers several of these points, and 1
think the Senate ought to hear the views of
General Dix on this measure.
The Secretary read as follows:
" I put my opposition to the proposed action of
flonsress on lusher ground—on the ground of vested
rishts which Oonsresscannotimpairwithoutaviola-
tion of good faith. ... .
" The act of .July 1,1RR2, to nid in the construction
of a railroad from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, was intended to induce the capitalists oi the
country to embaik in Ok:work v/icli their money and
their credit. They have done so most liberally, le-
Iying on the jrood faith of Congress not to impair in
any degree the inducements thus held out to them.
In what manner the company has responded to these
inducements will be seen by thclollowmgstatement:
"1. The amountof money expended andthehajnl-
ities already contacted in carrying out the require-
ments of the act of Congress do not at this moment fall
short of $16,000,000, of which the Government. has
only contributed, by a loan of its bonds, „1,010,000.
The company has completed and equipped ove.r ope
hundred miles of road west from Omaha, on the Mis-
souri river- it has graded one hundred miles more;
it has purchased and paid for the rails, tu^ spil-o*.
chair* and equipment ior the second one hundred
miles; it has purchased iron for the third one hun-
dred inilcs, and a pait of it is now in the course of
delivery; it is laying track at the rate of a mile a
October and the one hundredth meridian oT long
tudebytke 1st of January next. It has confidence
