I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
about that matter, I hope the consideration of
the Post Office appropriation bill may be re-
sumed, as it is the special order. My colleague
can call up this resolution at any time.
Mr. WADE. 1 will move that Mrs. Walling
be granted the use of this Hall to deliver her
lecture on Monday evening next, the 7th in-
stant
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the resolution has passed_ from
the desk. The impression of the Chair is that
a motion to reconsider was entered and passed
upon by the Senate and the resolution re-
jected. "if that is so, no proceeding under that
resolution would be in order.
Mr. WADE. It was not rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was reconsidered.
Mr. WADE. Wo reconsidered it, and left
it there. I will consider this as a motion dc
novo then, but I wish it to be understood that
the resolution was not rejficted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain it as a new motion. It is moved
that the use of the Hall bo granted to Mrs.
Walling for. the purpose of a lecture on Mon-
day evening next.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That assumes the
form of a new resolution, and I object to its
consideration to-day.
Tie PRESIDENT pro temporo. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
PACIFIC RAILROAD EASTERN DIVISION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up
the Post Office appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
is the special order, and was only laid aside
by common consent.
Mr. HOWAIU). I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that there is a joint resolution re-
ported by the Pacific Railroad Committee (hut
ought to be taken up at a very early period and
passed.
Mr. CONNESS. It will not excite any dis-
cussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it will not excite dis-
cussion—and 1 do not believe it will, as I
know something about it—1 have no objection
to that resolution being taken up.
Mr. HOWARD. Thou 1 move to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 80.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order can be laid aside by common consent
informally. No objection being made, it is laid
aside temporarily by common consent., and the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan. «
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 80) extending the tune
for the completion of the Union Pacific rail-
way, eastern division, was read the secondtime,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to extend the time for the comple-
tion of the first one hundred miles of railroad
and telegraph Hue by the Leavenworth, Paw-
nee, and Western Railroad Company, (since
called the Union Pacific Railway Company,
eastern division.) mentioned in the tenth sec-
tion of the charter of the U nion Pacific Railroad
Company, of July 1,18G2, and in the fifth sec-
tion of the amendment thereof, of July 2, 1801,
until the 27th of June, 1SGG ; and the time for
completing each succeeding section of one
hundred miles is to be reckoned from the 27th
of June, 1866.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state, very briefly,
that this measure is introduced on the rceoirf-
mendation of the President of the United
States, founded upon a communication made
to him by the Secretary of the Interior, in which
it appears that the company in question have
acted in good faith and Ixave proceeded to com-
plete nearly one hundred miles of the road
already, but they will not be able probably to
finish it entirely according to the terms of the
original charter by the day fixed by the char-
ter. The Committee on the Pacific Railroad
had the subject under consideration, and they
were unanimous in recommending the passage
of this resolution granting further time to the
company, until the 27th of June, I860, and
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 145.
extending the time for the completion of the
succeeding sections upon that road about one
year forward, so as to make "the time for the
completion of the different sections correspond
exactly with that fixed for the Omaha branch
road. I beg to send to the Chair to be read a
brief statement furnished to me by the pres-
ident of the company, which will give to the
Senate all the inlormation which 1 think will
be necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt whether it is
worth while to read that communication.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. POMEEOY. There is no objection to
the resolution at all.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
Iiorsr, BILLS REFERRED,
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below :
A bill (II. R. No. 481) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to encourage immigration,"
approved July 4, 18G4, and an act entitled "An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels,'' approved March
3, 1855, and for other purposes—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A bill (II. R. No. 402) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced. under the authority of law, and for
other purposes—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (II. R. No. 515) making appropria-
tions tor the uses of the Bureau of Refugees,
Fivcdmcn. and Abandoned Lands for the fiscal
year commencing January 1, lblili—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
TOST OWICH APPROPRIATION 11TLL.
The PRESlDENT/iro tempore. The special
order of the day, being the bill (II. R. No.
280) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June :50, 18(17, and for other pur-
poses, is now before the Senate, (ho pending
question being on the following amendment
offered by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull:]
Sue. —. And be it further enacted, That no person
exercising or performing,or undeilaking to cxcieiso
or perform, the duties oi' smy ohiee which liy law is
required to he tilled bythe advice iind consent nfthe
Senate, shall, before continuation by the. Semite,
receivo any salary or compensation {'or hi.- : ■■ r■> i' ■ - ■,
miles.-, sneh person bo commissioned by the Prei ul"ut
totilluii a vacancy which has happened bydi.dh,
resignation, or expiration of teim, dining tho recess
of the Senate and since its last adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
that, I desire to change the amendment,which 1
have offered, slightly. I withdraw that amend-
ment and offer the one which I fend to (lie
Chair as a substitute. Jt is the same with the
exception of an addition at the close of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomkroy
in the chair.) The Senator from Illinois pro-
poses as a substitute for his amendment 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment, being
under my control, I suppose I can withdraw it
and offer this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor can modify his amendment. The amend-
ment as now modified will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That 110 person exercis-
ing or performing, or undertaking to exercise-or per-
form, the duties of anyolficc which by law is required
to be tilled by the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall, before confirmation by the Senate, receive any
salary or compensation for his .services, unless such
person be commissioned by the President to lill up a
vacancy which has happened during tho recess of
tho Senate and since, its last, adjournment, by death,
resignation, expiration of term, or removal tor acts
doneor omitted in violation of the duties of his office;
the cause, in case of removal, to be reported to the
Senate at its next session.
Mr. HENDERSON. When the Senate ad-
journed yesterday evening, I was examining
the power of Congress to jniss the amendment
pjoposed by the Senator from Illinois, At the
time that I was-interrupted by the remarks
interjected by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] I had about closed the exami-
nation of tho question in a political point of
view; that ;s, 1 had examined the opinions of
our distinguished men of variouspoliticalpar-
ties since the organization of tho Government
down to the present time. I was just about to
enter upon an exairfination of the question in
a legal point of view, in order to show that tho
courts of the country have sustained the posi-
tion which I took. yesterday. I do not desire
to take up much time of the Senate, and there-
fore shall hurry on with what little 1 have to
say on the subject. I think that the view I
take, and which I desire to sec enforced after
this long period of time-—-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is too
much noise in the Senate. Senators will re-
sump their seats.
Mr._ HENDERSON._ I cannot talk when
there is so much confusion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order must
be preserved. The Senator from Missouri will
proceed.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is very difficult to
proceed when I cannot hear myself. I do not
propose to occupy much of the time of the Sen-
ate, but this is an important question. I am
perfectly aware that it is a proposition to change
tho entire policy of the Government on this sub-
ject, and some Senators who act with me politi-
cally have already expressed an opinion against
the proposed amendment, doubting whether wo
have the constitutional power to adopt it. I am
aware that the power claimed by the Executive
to remove all officers in this Government has
been exercised from the origin of the Govern-
ment down to the present time. Itistruc, how-
evcr, that during the first, forty years of t.he
Government, as I showed yesterday, but few
removals were made ; and indeed, looking back
to that period, 1 find, as 1 shall attempt to show
in a moment, that Mr. Madison, although he
is tho authority for this long-continued abuse,
as I consider it, of the power of removal; de-
clared at the time of the discussion to which I
referred yesterday that if tho President under-
took to make removals without cause the exer-
cise of that power on his part would be a just
cause for impeachment, going to show most
clearly that Mr. Madison never contemplated
at the time the abuse of the position which he
in tho first debate on this subject took.
Before I proceed to examine tho question
legally—and 1 shall occupy but a short time in
that examination—1 propose to show the in-
dneeiui'iits held out to the American people for
t.he adoption oftbe Constitution. Itisanoto-
rious fact that after the Constitution had been
adopted by the Convention and placed before
the people of the States an objection was urged
on the part of many of the people against
adopting it on account of the vast power of the
Executive. That objection was answered in
No. 77 of the Federalist. These papers were
written and spread before the people for tho
purpose of inducing them to adopt the Consti-
tution of the United States. In the seventy-
seventh number, written by Mr. Hamilton, it
is said:
"Tho consent of that body [the Senate] would
bo necessary to displa.ee as well a.s to appoint. A
chango of the Chief Magistrate, therefore, could not
occasion so violent or so general a revolution in tl;0
officers of the tjoveriiuieut us jniglit lie cxpccted if
ho were the sole disposer ofoijices. Where, a,man in
any station had given satisfactory evidence of his
fitne-'S tor it a new President would be restrained
from altoinpting a change in favor of a person mora
agreeable to him by tho appiohension that a dis-
countenance of the Senate might frustrate the at-
tempt and bring some degieo of discredit upon him-
self 'Those who can best estimate, the value of a
steady administration will be most disposed to prize
a provision winch connects the official. existenceof
public men with the approbation or disapprobation
of that body which, fiom tho greater permanency Or
its own composition, will in all probability be less
subject to inconstancy than any other member of too
Government."
Thus it will be seen that one of the induce-
ments held out to the people of*the united
States to adopt this instrument was that tne
President would have no power oi removal
