282
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
the Capitol ? It may be that the determination
of a question of so much importance as this be-
longs rather to the people of the United States,
through their Representatives in Congress as-
sembled, than to the present qualified voters of
this District. Sir, the field of inquiry is much
-wider than the District of Columbia, and the
problem to be solved one in which not they alone
are interested." When Congress determined that
the time had come when slavery should be abol-
ished in this District, and the capital of the na-
tion should no longer be disgraced by its pres-
ence, did it pause in the great work of justice
to which it laid its hand to hear from the mayor
of "Washington, or to inquire whether the mas-
ters would vote for it? It is not difficult to con-
jecture what the fate of that great measure would
have beenhad its adoption or rejection-depended
upon the voters of this District. Would any
one restore that reproach to the capital of the
United States now, even though Washington and
Georgetown should cast seven thousand votes
for it and thirty-six against it ?
The power which is given by the Constitu-
tion to Congress to exercise exclusive legisla-
tion for this District, is not given to them as the
Representatives of the people of this District.
It is given to Congress in its collective capacity,
as the legislative department of the national
Government, and it is given because this Dis-
trict is, in the language of the Constitution, "the
seat of the Government of the United States."
I deny that I sit here as a Representative of the
people of this District. They have no Repre-
sentative; and while on that account it is emi-
nently proper that Congress should not over-
look their interests and (heir welfare in its legis-
lation, the claim which is now setup by some
of their self-constil,tiled friends upon this floor
to limit that legislation according to their dic-
tation, and to pronounce that which they do in
the name of the nation as immoral and unjust
because it does not comport with their convic-
tions or their prejudices, is preposterous and
absurd. Congress has the same control over
the District of Columbia which it has over all
the Territories of the United States. It is tins
common property of all the people of the U ni-
ted States, and its laws are to be made, not. by the
people who for the time being inhabit it, but by
the Representatives of the people of the United
States, and the Senators who speak for those
States. Shall we be told, sir, that if the Rep-
resentatives of the people of twenty-five States
are of the opinion that the laws and institutions
which exist in the seat of Government of the
United States ought to be changed, that they
are not to bo changed because a majority of the
voters who reside here do not desire that change?
Will any man say that the voices of these seven
thousand voters are to outweigh the voices of
all the constituencies of the United States in
the capital of their country? I dismiss this
objection, therefore, as totally destitute of rea-
son or weight. It is based upon a fallacy so
feeble that it is dissipaled by the bare touch of
the Constitution to it.
Tlu!<jii</**>on before us is free, therefore, from
all polil ic.ij embarrassment. There is no ques-
tion hero of conflict of powers between the
States and the General Government. I agree
with the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassox]
that, it is the undoubted doctrine of the Consti-
tution thai, the determination of the qualifica-
tions of voters rests with the several States alone
and not with Congress, and that nothing but an
amendment to the Constitution can alter that
fundamental principle of our system. 1 do not
say whether the States lately in rebellion can
claim the benefit of that constitutional principle,
nor do I say that we, should refuse to apply t hut
principle to them although they may not justly
be entitled to claim it. These questions relate
to another subject, are in no way concerned with
the measure now before the House, and, in my
opinion, are entirely foreign to the present dis-
cussion. Surely, sir, we shall best dispose of
the difficult and serious work we have on hand
by confining our attention to one thina, at a time.
By mingling subjects which arc; totally distinct
we but confute our mind-> 111 regard to all.
Let us inquire, therefore, whether the pro-
posed measure is in accordance with the best
interests of the people of the United States.
And here let me say that whatever is the duty
of the United States to do, that is for their in-
terest to do. The two great facts written in
history by the iron hand of the late war are,
first, that the Union is indissoluble, and second,
that human slavery is here forever abolished.
From these two facts consequences correspond-
ing in importance with the facts themselves
must result: from the former a more vigorous
and powerful nationality; from the latter the ele-
vation and improvement of the race liberated
by the war from bondage, as well as a higher
and more advanced civilization in the region
where the change has taken place. It is im-
possible to say that the African race occupies
to-day the same position in Amoncan affairs
and counts no more in weight than it did before
therebellion. You cannot strike the fetters from
the limbs of four million men and leave them
such as you found them. As wide as is the in-
terval between a freeman and a slave, so wide
is the difference between the African race be-
fore the rebellion and after the rebellion. You
cannot keep to its ancient level a race which
has been released from servitude any more
than you can keep back the ocean with your
hand after you have thrown down the sea-wall
which restrained its impatienttides. Freedom
is everywhere in history the herald of progress.
It is written in the annuls of all nations. It
is a law of the human race. Ignorance, idle-
ness, brutality—these belong to slavery; they
are her natural offspring and allies, and the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Ciiax'leh,] who
consumed so much time in demonstrating the
comparative inferiority of the black race, an-
swered his own argument when lie reminded us
that the Constitution recognized the negro only
as a slave, and gave us the strongest reason why
we should now begin to recognise him as a free-
man. Sir, I do not doubt that the negro racc
is inferior to our own. That is not the question.
Y'oii do not advance an inch in the argument
after you have proved that premise of your ease.
You must show that, they are not only inferior,
but that they are so ignorant and degraded that
they cannot be safely intrusted with the small-
est conceivable part of political power and re-
sponsibility. and that this is Iho ease, not 011
the plantations of Alabama aud Mississippi,
but. here 111 the Disl rid of Columbia. Nay, yon
must, not only prove that this is the general char-
acter of this population here, but that, this con-
dition is so universal and unexceptional that
you cannot, allow them to take this first step in
freedom, although it may be hedged about with
qualifications and conditions: for which of you
who have opposed this meusuie 011 the ground
of ru.ee lias proposed to give the benefit of it to
such as may be found worthy? Not. one of you.
Aud this shows that your objection is founded
really 011a prejudice,all houahit. assumes thedig-
nily and proportions of an argument. The real
question, sir, is, can we afford to be jusl—uuy, if
yon please, geii'-rous—to a race whose shame has
been washed out in the consuming fires of war,
and which now stands erect and ctpial before the
law with ourown? Shallwcgivc hope and en-
couragement to that race beginning, as it does
now for the first time, its career of freedom, by
erecting hero in the capital of the Republic a ban-
ner inscribed with the sacred legend of the elder
days, "All men are born free and equal," or
shall ive unfurl iu its stead that other banner,
with a strange device, around which the dissolv-
ing remnants of the Democratic party in this
Hall are called upon to rally, inscribed wilh no
groat sent iment of justice or generosity, but bear-
ing upon its folds the miserable appeal of the
demagogue, "Ihis is a white mail's Govern-
: nient?" When you inaugurate your newly dis-
| covered political principle, do not forget to invite
j | the colored troops : beat the assembly: call out
|! the remnants of the one hundred and eighty
J thousand men who marched with steady step
through the flames and carnage of war. and
many of whom bear upon their bodies the hon-
orable, seals iecei\ ed in that unparalleled strug-
gle and in your defense, and as you send your
banner down the line, say to tliem, "This is the
reward of a generous country for the wounds
you have received and the sufferings you have
endured.''
Shall we follow the great lav/ to which I have
referred—the law that liberty is progress—and
conform our policy to thespiritofthatgreat.law,
or shall wo, governed by unreasonable and self-
ish prejudices, initiate a policy which will make
this race our hereditary enemy, a mine beneath
instead of a buttress to the edifice which you
are endeavoring to repair? Sir, I do not hesi-
tate to say that, in my opinion, it were better to
follow where conscience and justice point, leav-
ing results to a higher Power, than to shrink
from an issue which it is the clear intention of
Providence we shall face, or to be driven from
our true course by the chimeras which the ex-
cited imaginations of political partisans have
conjured up, or by the misty ghosts of long-
buried errors, like that, for example, of Hobb
vs. Fogg, which my colleague [Mr. IfAXtiAi.I.]
startled the House by unslirouding yesterday.
Surely, sir, there is no necessity to disturb the
manes of such venerable personages as Hobb
and Fogg. Why, sir, the Dred Scott case is old
now, and as for Hobb and Fogg, they were be-
fore the flood. The war, let me tell the gen-
tleman, has made a new slate in many things
relating to law as well as polilics. It has, for
example, as the gentleman may perchance have
heard, very much altered the status and even
the definition of personal property in the south-
ern States. No, sir, Ilobb vs. Fogg is not a
sufficient answer to this bill; and unless the gen-
tleman can give us something more recent the
judgment must be against him.
Mr. Speaker, the debate has assumed a some-
what discursive character, and many things
have been said which it is hardly necessary to
reply to. I agree to the proposition which sev-
eral gentlemen have so laboriously argued, that
the right to vote is not a natural right. It is
not a natural right any more than the right to
bo President is a natural right. It is not any
moie natural to you than it is to the colored
man. It, is an artificial right, invented by so-
ciety for purposes of government, an ingenious
contrivance to preserve a man's liberty and his
rights. To adopt the definition of the gentle-
man from New York, [iMr.CHAXt.uii.] itis "only
the manner of exercising the right to be free;"
only that—nothingmore. Itis, sir. as we know,
everywhere in this country the badge of a free-
man. While the class to which this bill pro-
poses to extend it is deprived of it, that class re-
mains virtually in the moral servitude aud deg-
radalion which wore the badges of slavery. Is
it necessary that that injustice should exist here
under the very shadow of the Capitol? Have
those who undertook to prove that the condi-
tion of this people here, morally or intellectu-
ally, was such as to render the suffrage a dan-
gerous tiling in their hands, made out their ease?
So far from it, sir, they have not put a single
witness upon the stand, or staled a single fact
in support of their assertion. On riit con:r:;ry,
then; are certain fads which it is impossible we
should overlook; such, for example, as the fact
that thirty-five hundred of these men woie the
uniform of the Union in the great war which has
ended, and bore in that glorious struggle their
share of the peril, the labor, and the suffering.
The chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary [Mr. Wn.sox] has also told us (I doubt
not upon satisfactory authority) that the people
for whom this privilege is asked own here real
estate exceeding in value .sf,SMC),000; that, they
own twenty-one churches valued at $12o,000;
that there are thirty-three schools, attended by-
upward of four thousand of tlieir children: that
tliev subscribe for four thousand five hundred
copies of newspapers, and that they have among
themselves over thirty literary and benevolent
societies. A community characterized by such
evidences of civilization and intelligence as these
is not in my opinion an unsafe depositary of the
right of suffrage. But if you still doubt, be at
least just to that large class wdiosc education and
whose qualifications in every respect enable
