4226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
appealing to the Senate not to delay the sol-
diers' claims in order to press this matter. In
other words, they say to the Senate, " Unless
you lake up the bills that we desire to have
taken up we will postpone soldiers and every-
body else by making speeches." That is all
there is of it
Mr. EDMUNDS. We might have passed
two or three pension bills while we have been
listening to the sweet eloquence of the Senator
from Illinois. Now he is desirous of taking a
vote. I have not attempted or threatened to
occupy any time on the measure wliich he has
so much at heart—this statue; but the Senator
from Illinois is desirous of taking a vote to see
which of these two measures shall first Lo pro-
ceeded with. I propose to give him the oppor-
tunity, and on this motion to proceed with the
pension bills I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONNESS. All right; lot us have the
yeas and nays, and I hope that the Senators, if
tliey fail in this vote, will allow us to go on and
do business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to postpone the present and all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of thepension
bills named by the Senator from Indiana, and
on this question the yeas and nays are de-
manded.
Mr. POMEROY. lie did not name any
particular bills.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. OONNESS. As this is to be regarded
as :t test vote, I Hope the resolution will not
bo postponed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas l'J, nays 18. as follows:
,\'A\ S—Messrs Clnindlcr, Connor. Covrnn. Cres-
■\\vli, Oav is, .Doohttle, Foster,Fowler, Howe,Ne^mith,
Whin, jV\<;.Poland. Poineroy, ltoss,Stewart,Trum-
bull, nm,l Willuims—R.
AHSiilNT—Blears. Anihony, Brown, Cragin, Dixon,
Onimw, Hendricks, JVlcJDougall. Morrill, .Ramsey,
fcaulsbury, Wado, Wright, and Yates—13.
So the motion was agreed to,
MKSSAdK JbTvOM TUB 110US1S.
_ A message from the Ifonse of Representa-
tives, by Mr. .MoPiiuitsox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the Ifousc of Ucpresenta-
livos^hud signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolutions; which were thereupon
-signed by the President pro tempore,:
^ A bdl (II. it. No. 097) to authorize the use
m post offices of weights of the denomination
of grams;
A bill (H, K. No. 759) to authorize the
refunding of certain taxes;
A bill (II. Xi. No. 80ft) to further regulate
the printing of public documents, and the pur-
chase of paper ibM,ho public printing;
A bill (H. 1 i. No. 8J0) amendatory of sec-
tion thirteen oi an act entitled uAn act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes,' approved June 30,180-1," approved
AL-ireh '•>, 380 ;
A lull (II. K, No. 814) for the relief of the
Rulfeivrs by the late fire at Portland ; and
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 140) to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish to each
Mate one setof the standard weights and meas-
ures of the metric system.
OUEO A XT) PULTON RAILROAD.
Mi. POMKItO\. Before proceeding with
the pension bills, I desire to call up the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to a
Senate bill which now lies on the desk, with a
view of concurring in those amendments.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the
blouse of lu'nre^entatives to the bill (S. No.
to exT'iid iho provisions of an act grant-
ing me v:gh' of way, and making a grant of
land to the States of Arkansas and Missouri
to aid in the construction of a railroad from a
point upon the Mississippi opposite the mouth..
of the Ohio river, via Little Rock, to the Texas
boundary, near Fulton, Arkansas,■with branches
to Fort Smith and the Mississippi river, ap-
proved February 9, 1853, and for other pur-
poses.
The Secretary read the amendments, as
follows:
Add to section one:
Provided, Thatall mineral lands within the, limits
of this grant and the grant made in section two of
this act are hereby reserved to the United States:
Andi?rovided further, That all property and troops
of the United States shall at all times be transported
over said railroad and branches at the cost, charge,
and expense of the company or corporation owning
or operating said road and branches, respectively,
when so required by the Government of the United
States.
In section two, line eisht, strike out the words
"selected" and "ten" and insert in lieu thereof the
words "granted" and "five."
In the same section, lino liftcen, page 2, strike out
all after thowoid "railroad" to the end of thoseotion
and insert the following:
AndprovUfod further. That the lands embraced in
the grant, and the_grant revived by section one of
this act, shall lie disposed of only ns follows: when-
ever proof shall be furnished satisfactory to the Sec-
retary of the Interior that any section often consec-
utive miles of said road and branches is completed
in a good, substantial, and workmanlike manner as
a first-class railroad, the said Secretary of the Interior
t-liall ihbuo patents for all the lands granted as afore-
said, not exceeding ten sections per mile situate op-
posite to and within the limits of twenty miles of the
section ot said road and branches thus completed;
and when like proof shall bo furnished that another
section of ten miles of said road in said States or of
the said branches, respectively, connecting with the
preceding section, is completed, as aforesaid, tho
Secretary of the Interior shall issue patents in like
manner as in case of tho first completed sections; and
so on irom time to time until tho whole is completed
as herein provided, when the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall issue patents for all tho remaining lands
herein granted, not exceeding the aggregate amount
provided for, and located as required by sections one
and "f wo ol this act: Ar.d provided farther, That if
one section of twenty miles of each of said railroads
and branches shall not be fully constructed and com-
pleted aw a first-ola^s railroad within three years from
the tune this act becomes a law. and at least one sec-
tion of twenty miles on each ofsaid roads and branches
m each year thereafter, and the whole of said roads
and branches within ten years from the time this act
shall take effect, then, in cither ofsaid cases, all the
lands granted or the grant of which is revived or ex-
tended by this act, and which at the time shall be
unpatented to or for the benefit of the road or com-
pany making or suffering such failure, shall revert to
the United Elates.
Add at the end of soction three, tho following:
Irouded Jurlhcr, That the provisions of this act,
so iar as t he same relate to the Memphis and Little
Lock, and the Little Hook and Foit Smith blanches
of said road snail not take effect until the, SecrrL-jry
of the Intenorshall make and tile a certificate in his
oujcoand the oiheeof theseeretary ot state ot Arkan-
sas, stilting that tho companies or corporations claim-
ing tho benefit of this act in behalf ofsaid branches
have reorganized their boardsof directors in alawful
manner, and after such reoiuaimation that they
have respectively rescinded all aets, resolutions, or
other proceedings transferring tho lands, rights, or
privileges of such corporations or companies to any
convention, State, or authority recognizing, oractin°-
in concert, with, or under the authority of tlie lato
so-called confederate States of America.
Tho amendments were concurred in.
BUSINESS Off THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.'
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before going on with
the pension bills, I will ask the permission of
the Senate to give me about fifteen minutes of
its time to get rid of some bills belonging to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I hope the
Senate will _ allow me to do that. They are
all House bills. I have had no opportunity to
report them. If tho Senator from Indiana
will allow me to go on now, I will give way in
fifteen minutes.
^ Mr. LANE. I have but a very few pension
hills that I want, to pass now, and I cannot
give way to anything else.
Mr. TRLMBULL. _ The Senator has got
the floor ; and as he will not yield I trust that
I shall be able to bring up these bills after he
has concluded.
WARD H. BURNETT.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Ward B. Burnett, which is accom-
panied by a report.
The motion was agreed to ; and the hill (S.
No. 418) for the relief of Ward II. Burnett was
read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs that there
be paid to Ward B. Burnett the sum of $<")40,
being the balance of pension to which he was
entitled, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month,
from the 4th of March, 1863, to the 4th of
March, 18G6, and which was improperly re-
tained from him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FRANCIS COLGEN.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 794.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 794) for the re-
lief of Francis Colgen. The Secretary of the
Interior is. directed by the bill to place the
name of Francis Colgen, late a private in com-
pany B, twelfth regiment Wisconsin volunteers,
upon the pension-rolls of the United States, at
the same rate that is allowed to soldiers or
I seamen who have lost the sight of both eyes in
| the military or naval service of the United
' States, subject to the biennial examination
prescribed in the general pension laws, to com-
mence on tho loth of January, 1863, the date
of his discharge from the service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MARION M. BUXTON.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 800) for the relief of Marion M. Buxton.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Marion M. Buxton,
widow of James H. Buxton, late an ensign in
the United Slates Navy, on the pension-rolls,
at the rate prescribed by law for officers of his
rank; the pension to be paid out of the naval
pension fond. In case of her death or remar-
riage the pension is to go to the minor child
or children of James EL' Buxton, subject to
the limitations, and restrictions of the pension
laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DANIEL LUCAS.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 797.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 797) granting a
pension to Daniel Lucas. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to place the
name of Daniel Lucas, of Plymouth, Massa-
chusetts, _ formerly a private of company E,
third United States infantry, on the roll of
invalid pensions, and pay to him monthlvsueh
a sum as he may be entitled to under the lim-
itations and restrictions regulating the pay-
ment of pensions.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
QUTNCV A. MAY.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate proceed
to tho consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 798)
for the relief of Quincy A. May.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Quincy A. May, of company H, eighty-third
regiment of Illinois volunteers, on the list of
pensioners, and pay or cause to be paid to him
the sum of eight dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM CROSWELL.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 354) foi
the relief of William Croswell.
