1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3267
ator from Kansas is entirely right on that sub-
ject.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want it to be
understood here that this company have mort-
gaged all their road before they have even
located it.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator is entirely right on that subject.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will not say any-
thing more about it.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I have listened to this |
discussion of interference with the charter of !
the Union Pacific railroad, and the effect this j
bill will have on them. I believe there is really i
110 interference, and there is nothing in this '
legislation that Congress may not fairly and :
justly allow. It is simply to permit this rail- i
road to be carried up the Smoky Hill fork [
and to join the Pacific railroad beyond Denver
City or in that neighborhood. As 1 said before, :
I think it is the interest of the country that it
should go up the Smoky Hill fork, and that
Congress should not expend money in building •
it in the other place, because if it was built in ;
tiie other place it could not be operated and
would be useless after it was built, while if
built up the Smoky Hill fork it will be a useful i
and beneficial road, and the line could be ex-
tended to Denver City and the country enjoy
the benefit of it. Therefore I shall vote to keep
in the first section, which is the main part of
the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think we have had
this subject sufficiently discussed, and I hope
we shall take a vote upon it. When I was up
before I stated that both these companies asked
for an extension of time. General Dix says
his company did not. By reference to the fifth I
section of the act of 18(54 General Dixwillfitid j
that he was mistaken, that there was an exten-
sion of time granted to the Omaha branch just
as there was to the other branch. He says,
furthermore, there are vested rights. I will j
state now that in 1804 there was not a dollar
invested in his road. It was unorganized in
1804 when this legislation was passed. There-
fore, if there is any investment made it has
been since the legislation of 1804, and the first ;
section of the bill cannot interfere with any such
investment. I have the greatest confidence in :
what General Dix would say, but he is mistaken i
in these particulars. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques- ;
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from :
Iowa, [Mr. Kikkwooii,] to strike out the first
section of the bill.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 2, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for another count.
Senators did not understand the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
strike out the first section of the bill.
The question being again put. there were, on
a division—ayes 2, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. As there do not seem
to be any Senators voting with me on this ques-
tion, if it is not too late I withdraw the mo- ;
tion. I do not want to delay the action of the i
Senate upon the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- j
meat can only be withdrawn by unanimous con- ,
sent, the yeas and nays having been ordered i
upon it. The Chair hears no objection. The i
amendment is withdrawn. - j
The bill was reported to the Senate as ii
amended and the amendments were concurred !
in. The bill was ordered to lie engrossed for jj
a third readme-, and was read the third time. jj
Air. G RIMES. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays neve ordered. I
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that I shall I
vote against this bill principally because I am j
satisfied that all legislation, after the passage j
of the original proposition in regard to the j
Pacific railroad, has had a deleterious effect, 1
and all that we shall pass will have that effect,
destroying the confidence of the country and
of capitalists in this system of internal improve-
ments. Not recognizing the propriety of this
legislation, I vote against it on general prin-
ciples.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Con-
fess, Cowan, Cragin, Davis, (iurhno, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Nye, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, VanWinkle,"Wado,Willey,andWilliums—20.
NAYS—Messr3.Fcsscndon, Foster,Grimes, Harris,
Kirkwood, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Poland, Trum-
bull, Wilson, and Yates—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Chandler, Clark," Creswell,
Dixon, Doolittle. Edmunds. Johnson. Lane of In-
diana, banc of Kansas, McDougnU, .N esmitli, Pom-
oroy, Kamsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, and
Wiight—17.
So the bill was passed.
LEAVE OF ABSKXCK.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to state to the
Senate that the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
•lonxsox] has been necessarily called away
from the city and will be absent, for some days.
He desired me to request for him a leave of
absence, which I now do, for ten days.
Leave was granted.
HOUSE BILL ItUFURRKD.
The bill (H. R. No. 27G) to establish a De-
partment of Education was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
•Judiciary.
VERMONT MILITARY CI,ATMS.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 100) to pay i
to the State of Vermont the sum expended for
the protection of the frontier against the inva-
sion from Canada in 1801, was read twice by '
its title.
Mr. POLAND. That is a very small mat-
ter, and one that I apprehend there is no need
of referring to a committee. The authorities .
of the State of Vermont, undertook to protect ,
the line at the time of the invasion at St. j
Albans, and it is merely a question of amount. !
The whole amount claimed by the State is only i
$16,000 or $17,000. resolution provides |
that such sum shall be paid as shall be found j
to be right on a proper adjustment. I hope ;
the Senate will act upon the resolution at j
once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate., as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- i
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay the State of
Vermont any sum that may be found due, j
after the same shall have been audited by the 1
proper officers of the Treasury Depaitment,
expended by the State for the.defense and pro
tection of the frontier from invasion from Can- J
ada in 18G4; but the amount to be audited and
paid is not to exceed the sum of $10,403 81. {
The joint resolution was reported to the j
Senate without- amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate j
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ,
adjourned. \
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 10, 18G0.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox. i
'The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. !
TELEGRAPHIC INDICATOR. !
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, sub- :
mitted the followingresolution; which was read, ;
considered, and agreed to: |
lU-wlved, That the Committee on Public Buildings !
inquire into theoxpediencyol havm^the telegraphic j
indicator introduced 'n to the eoinmirtoc-roonis of the j
Ito'usc of Representatives, so us to enable tbo Scr- i
gcant-at-Aims to communicate instantly with any
one oi all of those rooms.
rOUTACE LAKE llAHBOU, MICHIGAN.
Mr. STEVENS. I omitted yesterday to do
whatl had promised thegentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Driggs] I would do. I now ask
unanimous consent of the House for the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back Senate
bill No. 193, an act granting lands to the State
of Michigan to aid in the const ruction of a har-
bor and ship-eanal at Portage Lake, Keweenaw
Point, Lake Superior, in said State.
Mr. SPALDING- I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee on Banking and Currency.
NATIONAL BANKS IN THE SOUTII.
Mr. BUCKLAND, from the Committee on
Banking and Currency, in compliance with the
resolution of the House directing the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency to inquire and
report to the House whether any order has
been issued or arrangement made whereby
national banks in the southern States should
have preference in the preparation and deliv-
ery of tlieir circulation over national banks in
other States, made a report; which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD TO SALT LAKE CITY.
Mr. PR1CE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad to report back
House bill No. 079, granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telcgrcrah lines
from the Columbia river to Salt Lake City, and
to move that it be printed and recommitted,
The motion was agreed to.
LAND-GRANT RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA. •
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, reported back with amend-
ments Senate bill No. 125, entitled "An act
granting aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the town of Folsom to
the town of Plaeerville, in the State of Cali-
fornia."
'The bill was read.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire the chairman of
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad to ex-
plain the nature and object of this bill. I
would like to know whether this is an original
act. of incorporation.
Mr. PlilCE. When the amendments re-
ported by the committee have been reported
and acted on I will make an explanation which
I think will be satisfactory to the gentleman
and the House.
'The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
In scction four, line three, strike out "ten" knd
insert " twenty so that the clause wdt read :
That whenever said Plaeerville and Sacramento
Valley Kailroad Company shall have twenty con-
secutive miles of any portion of said railroad and
telegraph line ready forthoservico contemplated,tho
President of the United States shail appoint three
commissioner^, &c.
In scction live, line three, strike out the word
"draws" andinsert inlieutheicottheword "drains/'
In scction two, line eight, strike out "two" and
insert m lieu thereof tho word "one;'' so that tho
clause will read:
Said way is granted to said railroad to the extent
of one bundled feet in width on each side of said
road whoro it may pass tluough tho public domain.
In section throe strike out in lines twenty-three
and twenty-four the words "not more than twonty
mites beyond the limits of said alternate sections."
In section four strike out in lines fifteen, sixteen,
and seventeen the following words :
Then said company shall havea, right toselect such
lands on tho line of said road so constructed nearest
to the scction of said load so completed.
At the end ot section lour add the following;
Provided, That said commissioners named in tin's
section shall be paid by the company ten dollars per
day for the time actually employed and ton eentsper
mile for the distance actually and necessarily traveled
ea ell way.
In section eight, lino seven, strike out the word
" hereafter" and insert in lieu thereof tho word
" thereafter." . .
Add at the end of tho bill the pillowing additional
section: , „
Sl.c.—. And be it fin-th'-r <nacfrd, lbat betoroany
land granted by this act «liail be conveyed to any
company or party entitled thereto under this act,
there shall tirst be paidinto the Trea^ui y of the United
Stares the cost of surveying, seloetni:;, and convoy-
in g the same by the said com p.my or party in interest,
as the titles shall be required by said company, which
amount shall, without any further appropriations,
stand to tho credit of the proper account, to bo used
by the Commissioner of the Genera! Land Office for
the prosecution of the survey of the public lands
