2 84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
this fierce conflict, has given us evidence of His
favor, and led us out of the land of bondage
into a purer and a higher state of freedom,,
where slavery, as an institution among us, is
no more. Why do they labor so long and so
ardently to resurrect again into life this foul and
loathsome thing ? Why cannot they forget their
former love and attachments in this direction,
and no longer cling with such undying grasp to
this dead carcass, which by its corruptions and
rottenness has well nigh heretofore poisoned
them to the death ? Why not awake to the new
order of things, and accept the results which
, God has worked out in our recent struggle, and
not raise the weak arm of flesh to render null
and void what has thus been done, and thus
attempt to tarn back the flow of life which is
overspreading all and penetrating' every part
of the body-politic with its noble purposes and
exalted hopes?
Mr. OIIANLER. I ask my colleague to
allow me a word.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I decline
to yield.
Mr. CIIANLEI1. It is in regard to that very
question ; it is but to ask a question.
Mr. VAN HORN, 'of New York. I decline.
Mr. CHANLISli. Then I deny every word
he utters and demand a full and explicit state-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemau from New
York [Mr. Van Horn J has declined, and he
must proceed without interruption.
Mr. CHANLER. I again ask the gentleman
to yield.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I prefer
not to al. present. The gentleman's speech in
the Globe speaks for him.
The SPEA KE11. The gentleman must reply
positively whether ho jieids or not.
Mr. CHANLER. J protest against misrep-
resentation of myself by the gentleman. The
gentleman has no right to continue his course
of argument alter it has been specifically denied
unless he 
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Mr. Speaker, T rise to
a question of order. When my colleague de-
clines to yield it, is not in order for hi -i colleague,
by force of lungs, to attempt to inject anything
info the gentleman's speech that he does not
want there.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked the genf Io-
nian from New York [Mr. V.vv IIohnI whether
he yielded the floor, hut could not get a pos-
itive leply. Gentlemen must state positively
whether they allow interruptions, and if the
gentleman from New York no'.'.' says he do
clines to yield, the Chair will protect him.
Mr. VAN HORN of Now York. 1 do. 1
have no desire to misrepresent my colleague.
The whole tenor of his speech accords with all
I have said of it, as the Globe will show.
These gentlemen are fearful that, the action
proposed for this District will savor too much
of neero equality. They see terrible results
which thev are sure must flew from this legis-
lation, and thev are tilled with apprehensions
as to the J ill tire ofthisoommunily, and any oilier
where, civil rights are extended to the colored
population. They assume to be the special
guardians of the public welfare, and admit no
doubt as to the results which they have declared
mast certainly follow the action proposed. Such
was always the cry when slavery ruled the hoar
from tlose who, here and elsewhere, have always
been it; champions, and who, fired by an unholy
purposu to make it so permanent, that neither
the people in their sovereign power, northe Al-
roigh tv by His omnipotence, could shake or over-
throw it, to secure more certainly their object,
struck at the very lite of the Republic ; and in
the struggle slavery and they fell as shattered
and blasted wrecks, and lie as a warning to the
present and the future not to crush the sacred
and inalienable rights of humanity.
What can these gentlemen gain by entering
themselves so conspicuously as the apologists of
this great crime of slavery and the traitors and
treason 1 hat have fallen in its defense and to per-
petuate it in our laud? If such an effort were
ever respectable, it is no longer so. Judgment
has been pronounced against it and all its de-
fenders, past, present, and future, by the won-
derful and decisive results of the deadly strife
through which we have passed; and to stand up,
especially in this Hall, in this high place of the
nation, before the whole people and the world,
all of whom unite in the solemn verdict rendered,
and defend this horrid crime of the past, and its
old supporters as a consequence, presents a more
reckless defiance of the ways of the Almighty
than I supposed humanity could gather to itself.
This question of negro equality will regulate
itself. Our seciety is so organized and our edu-
cation is such that I have no fears of the results
socially of which gentlemen speak. The two
races will naturally and inevitably be distinct
and separate in many respects, while habit, race,
and character will ko.op them socially, as they
ever have been, separate and divided. At least
it is not wise nor just to refuse to do wdiat every
noble and just consideration requires us to do,
for fear that some imaginary evil may result from
such performance of duty. It is rather wisdom
and justice to boldly meet such questions by
faithful performan cc of duty, and provide against
actual evil when it does arise. The gentleman
from New Jersey.[Mr. Rogers,] after counting
the cost of the recent war for the Union, and
drawing a vivid picture of the desolation and
anguish which it has spread all over the face of
the nation, and declaring that the fathers and
relatives of those who thus sufl'ei arc the men
who suppressed the rebellion, says:
"Shall the bravo soldiers of our Atmy ho now, by
any kind of oxticme ami l.nlieal lcsi.il,ition, put upon
an'equality with tlie very men whom thoy i'ought to
free?"
Sir, I would give iliem no rights to winch
they are not, justly entitled. 1 would let them
occupy that position socially, mentally, and
morally, which, by a fair share of public favor
and a proper and just distribution of privileges
and civil rights, they can attain to, and hold,
by their industry, intelligence, and purity of
character.
The gentleman himself is more distressed
over a contact with these colored men than are
the soldiers of the Republic. No soldier who
has fought, the battles of his country side by
side with the black man. or had a part, in the
same terrible struggle which has resulted in the
salvation of the nation's life, will shudder over
1he idea of his being elevated in the scale of
being by every possible and just means, and
having placed before him every and all incen-
tives to a higher and a nobler life. For such
grand results the war was waged in part, and
although we did not know at all times what
problems were being solved by the fierce con-
flict, si ill the result has been to as a wonderful
revelation. While it has been a struggle be-
tween liberty and slavery, it has also been one
between the low, the poor, the honest man of
foil upon the one hand, and the aristocrat, oil
the other, who, priding himself on his supe-
riority and power, oftentimes usurped, claimed
Ihe benefits of the poor man's toil without re-
nmneraiioii, and who executed his will by force,
and by laws he himself had made. The soldier
who has aided in crushing out this wicked op-
pression upon the rights of honest labor, under
whatever skin it may be found, and thus estab-
lished forever in this land by his sufferings those
sacred rights, will stand as over before by the
side of every citizen of the Republic, of what-
ever color, in defense of the lights for which
he has fought.
Again, the gentleman says this is a white
man's Government; that it was intended, as all
Governments have been, especially and exclu-
sively for the benefit of white men and white
women, and not for those who belong to the
negro, mulatto, or Indian race. Our Govern-
ment is one for all who come under its protec-
tion. or of whom it asks obedience and support.
The black as well as the white pay 1 axes to sup-
port it. and aid in the defense of its honor and
the execution of its laws. Although, as for-
merly administered, it has been the white mall's
Government in some respects, and used to
crush out the rights of the black man, the great
struggle now closed has settled the question
that the black man has "lights that the white
man is bound to respect.'' Just those rights
and no more are we bound to defend and pro-
tect against oppression and assault from all
s'ources, and see that they are properly guaran-
tied and preserved, which justly belong to him.
and the altered condition of things demands
shall bo guarantied to him.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Boy-
er] says "'the negro has no history of civiliza-
tion. From the earliest ages of recorded timo
he has ever been a savage or a slave." He ar-
gues with a good deal of learning and skill to
show the inferiority of the black race in every es-
sential particular, and makes it more degraded,
if possible, than the oppression of ages has made
it in fact; but neglects to admit, what is appar-
ent to all and cannot be denied, that the low
condition ofiguorance, degradation, and, 1 may
say, of inferiority, which it exhibits, has been
produced, in the main atleast, by the very crush-
ing-out process practiced so long upon it by the
white race, which boasts of its superiority while it
has its foot upon the neck of its subjugated fel-
low. Ages of crime, of oppression, anddespotism
have passed, and we often wonder at the slow
progress of revolution and change in woiking
out and developing the sublime destiny of the hu-
man race, and fixing beyond a doubt and irrev-
ocably the sacred and inalienable rights of hu-
manity ; but, in the apparently slow progress of
events, great changes have nevertheless been
wrought out from time to time, and now and
then there has been wrested from the tyrant's
grasp a guarantee of privilege and right,. So
in the struggle which has just, closed in our
country. During the first years of the conflict
the colored race within ihe power of the rebel-
lion, whom gentlemen declare had not energy
and manhood enough to impel them forward to
strike for liberty themselves, were repelled from
us by every demonstration of power and phys-
ical force, and driven back to our enemies.
We only became powerful, and 1 may say suc-
cessful, when we became just toward those peo-
ple ; and as soon as we were just, and lifted the
heavy hand of power from their crushed forms
and still more crushed spirits, they arose as one
man to the rescue, first .of the Government
which had always denied them their liberty,
and second, to assert, iu the fiery shock of battle,
their manhood and their claims to freedom and
its immunities.
The result of this struggle is another demon-
stration of the fact that the "world moves,"
and, as one after another the iron bands of des-
potism are broken, and the bound and fettered
are let loose into abroader sphere of activity, to
work their way upward to a higher and nobler
destiny, that ere long the. record will not stand
as now declared by these gentlemen, but in
every particular accord with the advanced spirit
of the age, civilization and impartial liberty.
We should be the last people to plead the
legitimate results of our own crimes against the
colored race iu our own country as a justifi-
cation of our prejudices and our acts toward
them, while we should be the first to note the
indications of Providence in their behalf, and
at least allow them to be put on trial and see if
they can sustain their claim to our considera-
tion and favor.
IMv friend and colleague [Mr. Ciianluh] de-
votes his hour to showing that there are no
elements of character iu the coloied race that
will justify us in giving it civil rights and privi-
leges as proposed. .1 am sorry that so many
good qualities as my friend possesses should be
dimmed in part, at least, by his determined
opposition to the inevitable and logical results
of the great struggle of the nineteenth century
which has just closed, and whose deadly shocks
of battle have made the world to tremble, while
thrones, despotisms, and tyrants everywhere,
have felt the earthquake and been shaken to
their very foundations. Why cannot, he see as
weil as others that the old ways are closed, and
that a new way has been opened to our people
to walk in, where justice and truth should go
