2308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
the effect of the confirmation by the Senate
removes the officer, and the officer is not re-
moved until that confirmation occurs. He says
further, section 1539:
" This was the doctrine maintained with great ear-
nestness by the Federalist; and it had amostmaterial
tendency to quiet the just alarms of the overwhelm-
ing influence and arbitrary exercise of this preroga-
* tive of the Executive, which might prove fatal to the
personal independence and freedom of opinion of
public officers, as well as to the public liberties of the
country. Indeed, it is utterly impossible not to feel
that, if this unlimited power of removal does exist,
it may be made, in the hands of a bold and designing
man of high ambition and feeble principles, an in-
strument of the worstoppression and most vindictive
vengeance. Even in monarchies, while the councils
of state are subject to perpetual fluctuations and
changes, the ordinary officers of the Government are
permitted to remain in the silent possession of their
o&cos, undisturbed by the policy or the passions of
the favorites of the court. But in a republic, where
freedom of opinion and action is guarantied by the
very first principles of the Government, if a success-
ful party may first elevate their candidate to office and
then make him the instrument of their resentments or
theirraereenary bargains; if men may be made spies
upon the actions of theirncighbors, to displace tuein
from office; or if fawning sycophants upon the pop-
ular loader of the day may gain his patronage, to the
exclusion of worthier and abler mcn.it is most man-
ifest that elections will be corrupted at their very
source, and those who seek office will have every mo-
tive to delude and deceive the peoplo. It was not,
therefore, without reason that in the animated dis-
cussions already alluded to it was urged that the
power of removal was ineident to the power of ap-
pointment; that it would ha amnstunjustifiable con-
struction of the Constitution and of its implied pow-
ers to hold otherwise; that such a prerogative in the
Executive was in its own nature monarchical and
arbitrary, and eminently dangerous to thebestinter-
ests as well as liberties of the country. It would
convert all the officers of the country into the mere
tools and crcatures of the President. A dependence
so servile on oae individual would deter men of high
and honorable minds Iroin engaging in the public
service. And if, contrary to expectation, such men
should bo brought into office, they would be reduced
to the necessity of sacrificing every principlo of inde-
pendence to the will of the Chief Magistrate or of
exposing themselvestothe disgrace of beingremoved
from office, and that, too, at a time when it might no
longer bo in their power to engage in other pursuits."
I read yesterday, Mr. President, from a
speech of Mr. Webster in 1805. I desire now
to read a little more from that same speech in
regard to -the policy of the exercise ol such a
power as is claimed for the President:
"The unlimited power to grant office and to take
it away gives a command over the hopes and fears
of a vast multitude of men. In the main it will be
found that power over a man's support is a power
over his will. When favors once granted may be
withdrawn at pleasure, there is ordinarily little se-
curity for personal independence of character.
' The power of giving office thus affects the fears
oi all who arc in and the hopes of all who are out;
thoso 'who are out endeavor to distinguish themselves
by active political friendship, by warm personal de-
votion, by the clamorous support of men in whose
hands is the power of reward, while those who are in
take cave not to be surpassed in such qualities or con-
duet as will securo favor."
Again:
" The consequence of this is, that a competition
ensues, not of patriotic labors, but of complaisances,
of indiscriminate support of executive measures, of
pliant subserviency, and gross adulation.
"The patronage of office, tho power of bestowing
place and emoluments, croates parties, not upon any
principle or any measure, but upon the single ground
of personal interest, and thus they form round a
loader and go lor the spoils of victory; if the party
chieftain becomes the national chieftain, he is apt
to consider all who oppose liira as enemies to bo pun-
ished, and all who have supported him as friends to
bo rcwirdcd.
"Blind devotion to a party and to tho head of a
party thus_ t«.kes the place ofthe sentiment of genu-
^yj^triotism and a high and exalted state of public
desire now to refer to one more authority,
ana I shall relieve the Senate. I refer to the
opinion of Judge Story, in his Commentaries,
to justify the legislation that is attempted by
this provision offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois. He says, on page 405 of volume two,
section 1544: '
" Whether the predictions of the original advocates
of the executive power or those of tho opposers of it
are likely, m the future progress ofthe Government
to be realized, must be left to the sober judgment of
the community and to the impartial award of time
II'there has been any aberration from the true con-
stitutional exposition of tho power of removal, (which
the reader must decide for himself,) it will be diffi-
cult, and peiliaps iuirraotieable, after forty years'
experience, to recall the practice to the correct'the-
ory. But at all events, it will be a consolation to
those who love the Union and honor tho devotion to
the patriotic discharge of duty, that in regard to 'in-
ferior officers' (which appellation probably includes
ninety-nine out. of a hundred of the lucrative offices
in the Government) the remedy for any permanent
abuse is still within the power of Congress by the sim-
ple expedient of requiring the consent of tho Senate
to removals in such eases."
Mr. President, I have occupied too much of
the time of the Senate, but the question is an
important one. I know perfectly well that this
proposition will be attacked all over the coun-
try, and it will be declared that it is an effort
on the part of the Senate to curb unconstitu-
tionally the power of the Executive. As I stated
yesterday, I have no war to make upon the
Executive; I have made no war in this body
or elsewhere upon the Executive; but I have
felt for many years that if this practice is to go
on, whenever a President comes into office, of
removing all officers who disagree with him in
political opinion, howevermeritoriousthey may
be, however deserving the confidence of the
country; if the public offices are to be given as
mere rewards for party fealty and without con-
sideration of merit, it will ultimately lead to a
destruction of our Government. I believe this
as conscientiously as I believe any fact on
earth; and it is not for the purpose so espe-
cially of curbing the present Executive as to
curb any Executive who may come after him
that I favor the amendment. The Senator from
Maryland said yesterday that this precedent
would return to plague the inventors. I hope
so. If the next Executive shall be elected, as
the present one was, receiving, my vote, I de-
sire that this same curb shall apply to him, and
I pledge the Senator from Maryland that if this
proposition is adopted no vote of mine, so long
as 1 hold a place here or elsewhere where I can
affect the question, will ever be given to con-
fer upon the President an absolute power of
removal.
It is clear that we have the power to legis-
late on this subject. I have shown it from the
contemporaneous history of the Government.
I have shown it from the opinions of all the
leading men of all political parties. I have
shown it from the legislation of the country.
It was only three sessions ago that we passed
an act in regard to the Comptroller ofthe Cur-
rency, that Mr.'Lincoln should not remove him
without the consent of the Senate. I know it
was modified tho session afterward, and it now
stands that the President must give his reasons
for such removal to the Senate, without retain-
ing for ourselves that power which we right-
fully hold of preventing the removal entirely.
I cannot doubt that we possess this right.
If this assumed power of removal by the
President was a dangerous power in daysgone
by, how much more dangerous has it now be-
come ! ^1 disagree with the Senator from Ohio
and the'Senator from Maryland that patronage
of this character is calculated to weaken the
man who holds the power of dispensing it. I
think 1 have shown from the opinions of Judge
Story, from the opinions of Mr. Webster, from
the opinions of Mr. Calhoun, (which I might
read to substantiate the others if it were neces-
sary,) that they believed from circumstances
surrounding them at the particular time that
it degraded the American character; that it was
calculated to make clamorous partisans of the
Executive of all men who happened to hold
office for fear they might be removed; it took
away the independence of those who were in
office and made mere slaves and barnacles of'
those who were out. We see plenty of it now.
It is not worth while for us to disguise the fact;
we know there is the greatest abundance of it
at this day. We know that individuals in office
who, judging from their past course, do not at
heart agree to the policy of the Executive, have
become clarnorous advocates of it, and we know
also that individuals who are outside have be-
come clamorous advocates o£ the President's
policy for the mere purpose of obtaining office.
If any incumbent of any office anywhere in the
land stands in opposition to the President's
policy, there is somebody ready to take his
place, and ready to declare his fealty to the
policy of the Administration. Now, f do not
pass on that policy, because it does not legiti-
mately come in the purview of my argument.
I have nothing to do with it on this occasion.
I have attempted to examine this question
legally and historically, and I think I have
shown beyond all doubt to the unprejudiced
mind that the power proposed to be exerted
exists in Congress. Now, are we to exercise
it or not ? That is the question. Are the cir-
cumstances of the country such as to induce us
to exercise it? I say they are.
I am not afraid to take my position on this
subject. I have nothing to ask from the pres-
ent Executive in the way of patronage ; and I
can safely express the opinion here that if I
had the President would not grant it. I am
satisfied from various appointments that have
been made in my own State, and from appoint-
ments that I understand are to be made in that
State, that nothing I could say would have any
influence whatever. Gentlemen may say that
is the reason why I insist upon this proposi-
tion. We have had a bitter contest in the State
of Missouri; we have had a bitter contest in
this nation ; it has been a contest for the life
of the nation itself; and if patronage is to be
distributed, I for one am frank to say that if
it is in my power to prevent its going into the
hands of those who, during the last four or five
years have advocated a policy antagonistic to
my own and antagonistic to the nation, to the
existence and salvation of liberty on this con-
tinent, I will prevent that.
I do not wish to be misunderstood. I do
not wish gentlemen to misunderstand the posi-
tion I occupy here. I am frank. I have nothing
to ask of anybody; I am indebted to nobody ; I
feel dependent on nobody ; but I desire to see
the fruits of the victory we have achieved in this
late contest garnered up and kept in the future
for the preservation of liberty and of freedom
in this nation, and that they shall not turn to
ashes upon our lips. I do conscientiously be-
lieve that the policy entered upon by the Pres-
ident is well calculated to dash the hopes of
the Union men of this nation. I have often
said, and I now take occasion to repeat, that
it is not, my belief that tho President intends
by his course of policy, whatever it may be, to
put under his heels the Union men of this land,
and to build up the old rebel party. I have
never so said, nor do I now say it; but I say
that the effect of his policy is just that thing
and nothing else. He has adopted a policy for
the restoration of the southern States. Con-
gress claims to have something to do with it;
the President thinks not; and he persists in
forcing upon us a system of policy to which we
object and which we believe will put in power
our enemies, not only in this branch, but in the
other branch of the Legislature also.
Mr. WILSON. The enemies of the country.
Mr. HENDERSON. When I speak of ''our
enemies " I mean the enemies of the country.
I believe that this course of conduct is well
calculated to break down the moral sentiment
of the country; and if we in our capacity
here can uphold that sentiment it is our duty
to do it, and I for one am willing to take the
responsibility. I am not willing to violate
tho Constitution to curb the President. I want
to see my way clear; I want to see it per-
fectly clear; but I am willing to declare now
that in every particular in which I can. for
the time being, curb that power constitu-
tionally, legally, and in consonance with my
own views of right, I will do it. I will do it
because I have personal knowledge of pome
appointments. I will do it because I believe
that if this course of policy be persisted in we
shall inevitably have further trouble in this
country. I do not charge that such is the
design of the President. 1 hope that none such
he has. I alluded yesterday to a newspaper
article; I have il with me now. We all know
that there is a difference between the Presi-
dent and the Senate. It is not worth while to
disguise the fact; the country understands it.
Measures have been passed by this body and
sent to him which he has vetoed, and they
