3268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBp.
June 19,
along the line of paid road, and so from year to year,
until the whole be completed as provided under the
provisions of this act.
Mr. BAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to inquire of the gentleman who has charge of
this bill what number of acres of land it is pro-
posed to give to this company under this bill.
What is the maximum quantity of land to which
the company can lay claim?
Mr. PIUCB. It is proposed to give the
company ten alternate sections of land per
mile on each side of the road, provided they
can find that much. It is a short road run-
ning from the village of Folsom to the town of
Placervillc, a road that has been constructed
principally by individual contributions and by
the aid of the county and city. Two hundred
thousand dollars have been subscribed and
paid by the county, and $100,000 by the city
of Placerville. The road is nearly completed ;
but the company have found themselves una-
ble to go on without additional assistance, and
hence they apply to Congress for this grant of
land.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is this
road exclusively in the State of California?
Mr. PRICE. It is exclusively in the State
of California. It is only a short road.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman intimates that it is doubtful whether
the company can secure all the land granted
to them. On the contrary, this seems to me
a bill designed to enable this company to grab
all the land they can obtain. The bill now
comes freshly into the House. I have never
seen or heard of the bill before.
Mr. PRICE. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that it is a Senate bill—a
bill which passed the Senate without, opposi-
tion. Indeed, it interests nobody particularly
but that particular neighborhood. The Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad of this House
have seen proper to make certain restrictions
to confine the parties within limits. It ex-
tends the liuo no further than the distance the
road runs through that section of the country.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, this r oad com-
mences at the town of Folsom and is intended
to go to the town of Placerville, a distance of
forty miles. 1 am acquainted with the coun-
try through which it is to run. There is a
road from Sacramento to Folsom, a distance
of twenty-two miles, which has been in use for
some years. The foot hills commence at the
town of Folsom, and this road will run all the
way through a hilly country. 11 will of course
be a very expensive road. It is the ociii-
meucernent of the slope of the .Sierra Nevada.
The company has been organized. As has
been already stated, the county of EI Dorado
has raised $200,000 and Placcrville $100,000
toward the construction of the road. It will
cost a great deal on account of the country
through which it is to run. The land is ill the
mineral district, and much has already been
taken up by individuals whose rights are fully
protected.
Mr. SPALDING . How much does the bill
grant ?
Mr. IIIGBY. Twenty sections, provided the
company can get it. It is a hilly country, which
has never been surveyed by the Government.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman to give
me information in reference to one part of the
bill, it provides that the Placerville and Sac-
ramento Valley Kailroad Company, a corpo-
ration existing under the laws of the State of
California, is hereby authorized and empow-
ered to lay out, locate, construct, furnish, equip,
maintain, and enjoy a continuous railroad and
telegraph line, with the appurtenances, from
the town of Folsom to the town of Placerville,
in the State of California.
The point on which I desire information is,
does the Congress of the United States propose
to confer powers of this sort entirely within a
State authorizing a company to take public or
private lands for the construction of a railroad,
todo everything pertinent to the construction
of a railroad precisely as if in the District of
Columbia? I ask whether this is an inaijverf>
ence or whether it is maintained we have the
right to authorize the construction of railroads
entirely within a State.
Mr. IIIGBY. I presume the gentleman
from Iowa understands that most of the min-
eral lands of that State are not open to loca-
tion and sale. I will say for the information
of the gentleman that this will grant lands to
this company organized under the laws of Cal-
ifornia to run a road from Folsom to Placer-
ville. It only grants to that company public
lands of the United States. And furthermore,
I will say that this road runs through a hilly
country, commencing at Folsom.
Mr. KASSON. I hardly think my friend
understands the point of my question. There
arc two points raised by this bill. One is the
propriety of givingthe right of way across pub-
lic lands as well as aid in public lands. To
that I entertain no objection in point of right.
The next point is, that the bill provides that
this company shall for the purpose of con-
structing the road take lands, whether public
or private. To that I have a constitutional as
well as a practical objection. The point to
which I call his attention is, that this bill,
although it may be an inadvertence, neverthe-
less does in the first section confer specific and
general corporate powers. That I think we
have no right to do. And as to the other ques-
tion, of course I have great respect for the
opinion of the gentleman from California as to
whether wo ought to aid a local road by a grant
of public lands there. I am always disposed
to be liberal in that respect, but not to make a
United States corporation within the jurisdiction
of a State, nor to give any powers to it whatever,
except so far as the right of way across the lands
of the United States is concerned.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, if I understand
this bill rightly, its provisions are precisely the
same as are now contained in the Pacific rail-
road bill. Now, I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman that this is intended ulti-
mately to be a branch of the Pacitic railroad.
It lies, as far as it can, parallel to it, running
from the west to the east to somewhere in the
State of Nevada, ultimately to unite with the
main trunk of the Pacific railroad, and become
a part of that system just as much as one of
the branches of the Union Pacific railroad is a
part of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to say 
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, there is not
enough in this bill to consume the time of the
House. It is merely a matter that interests a
few men in California. I therefore call the
previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman will allow mo to say a word.
Mr. PRICE. I will yield for a question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I want
to state a proposition. There is a judicial
question involved in this bill—whether we have
a right to enlarge the powers of a corporation
organized under State law.
Mr. PRICE. I do not agree with the gen-
tleman at all. This has been considered in the
committee, and there are good lawyers there,
and there is no such question involved in the
bill. I therefore insist on calling the previous
question on the hill and amendments.
Mr. ROGERS. I wish to ask thegentleman
a question, whether he intends to bring 
Mr. PRICE. I decline to yield.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order now to move to
recommit the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HALE. I trust the gentleman will allow
an opportunity for a suggestion in regard to an
amendment to this bill that I think ought to be
made.
Mr. PRICE. How many minutes does the
gentleman want?
Mr. HALE. Not more than three minutes.
Mr. PRICE. I will yield.
Mr. HALE. I call attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
my friends from California, and the House gen-
erally tQ the very remarkable language of the
thirteenth section, which I think ought to be
modified. It contains what purports to be the
usual provision, "that Congress shall have
power to alter, amend, or repeal this act," hut
it contains a preamble, a proviso, a stump
speech, and some excellent moral reflections,
all of which I think ought to be stricken out.
I ask the Clerk to read that section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 13. A '/id he it further enacted, That the better
to accomplish the object of this act, namely, to pro-
mote the public interest and welfareby the construc-
tion of said railroad and telegraph lino, and keeping
the same in working order, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment at all times (but particularly in time of war
or rebellion) the use and benefit of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes, Congress may at any
time, having due regard for the rights of said Placer-
ville and Sacramento Valley Railroad Company, add
to, alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. HALE. "Will the chairman of the com-
mittee allow me t.o move to amend by striking
out all except these words ?
Congress may at any time add to, alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
Mr. PRICE. Individually, I have not the
least objection to such an amendment.
Mr. HALE. Then I will make that motion.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman yield for a
question?
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a question of order.
I protest against running this bill through
under the gag of the previous question.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order. The chairman of the committee is en-
titled to one hour and can use it or not, as he
pleases.
Mr. LE BLOND.
one thing.
Mr. PIKE. I would like to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the committee. Section
three provides that the grant shall be in alter-
nate sections along the line of the road, and in
case the United States has no lands along the
line of the road, any lands within ten miles of
the line of the road. I want to inquire if that
is the usual provision in relation to these railroad
grants. I supposed that the United States gave
the lands to the Pacific railroad companies in
alternate sections, for the purpose of enhan-
cing the value of the remaining lands. I do not
know whether this is the ordinary provision in
these railroad grants or not. Tt strikes me that
if it is, wo might have grants of land to the
State of Maine.
Mr. PRICE. I will say that this section pro-
vides expressly that the company shall take
alternate sections by odd numbers and no other
sections. The lands to be taken must be taken
within a certain distance of the road. 1 now
call the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to make a single
suggestion.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope the previous question
will be voted down. This bill is an outrage.
Mr. LB BLOND. If the gentleman will
yield to me for a moment, I think I can make
a suggestion which will obviate the difficulty.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, and there
were sixteen in the affirmative.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for tellers. This is
an ordinary grant, such as has been made before
to roads in the western country.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pbice
and lloftRRS were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 3G, noes 57.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. J ULIAN. I move that the bill and
pending amendments be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. LE BLOND. I suggest that the com-
mittee have leave to report at any time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to that.
The question was taken on Mr. Juliax's
motion, and there were—ayes 03, noes 33.
So the bill and pending amendments were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
