1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 12*
and when lie had done that upon each several
items of appropriation based upon the esti-
mates of the Government, he felt lie had ac-
complished a great mark in the protection of
the public Treasury. The result was that they
came to understand his plan at the Executive
Departments, and for some two or three years
it was pretty generally ascertained that they
made their estimates twenty per cent, beyond
what they really wanted; and our chairman of
the Committee of "Ways and Means did what
he felt to be his duty, cut down the appropria-
tions twenty per cent., the Departments got
what they wanted, and all parties were sat-
isfied.
Mr. STEVENS. In regard to the appro-
priation for the survey of the northern lakes,
I know it is printed in the bill $150,000; but
I have it marked so that when the proper time
arrives I shall move to strike out $100,000,
and leave it according to the estimate.
I do not know that much more need be said
upon this subject. As for a knowledge of all
these things, it seems to be expected that the
Committee on Appropriations will know all
aboat them. We felt very well disposed to
examine all of them, go over them all, working
week days and on Sundays. But upon exam-
ination we found that we coulil not go around
and examine into all of them, and wc were
therefore obliged to confine our examination
to about half of them. As wc have not had
time to examine even (hose, we have to take
the testimony of persons who have examined
them. If, however, it is thought best to put
oti this whole business till next summer, it wi]]
give me great pleasure to visit all these places
except the southern forts, which we have struck
out, because we did not know whether any
of us could get down there to examine lliem.
[Laughter.]
I''or the purpose of closing general debate, I
move that tho committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilmo.v, of
Iowa, reported that the Oomrnitl.ee of the
Whole on the stale of the Union having had
under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the _ bill (11. R. No. making
appropriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and repairs of certain fortiiieatious and
other works ol dcleuse for the year ending
June iiO, 1807, had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. S I'KVMXS. T move that when the
IIou.se n^uin resolve inlo I he Committee of
tin1 Whole on the state ol (he Union on this
bill, till geneiul debate terminate in one half
minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, f move that the House
again resolve itsolt into the Committee of the
W hole on ilie state ot the Union, and resume
the consideration of the l'ortilication appropri-
ation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of tho Whole on the state Of the
Union. (Mr. Wilson", of fowa, in tho chair,)
and ^resumed the consideration of the bill (If.
1!. No. 255) making appropriations for tho con-
struction. preservation, and repairs of certain
fortiiieatious and other works of defense for
the year ending June "0, 1867.
Mr. FAUNS'H OllTJI. T move to amend
the amendment by making it read $20,000.
I desire to say a word in reply to the criticism
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Scoexck] in
regard to the practice of reducing estimates.
The truth is that the Committee of the Whole
. knows just as much about this matter as the
Committee on Appropriations did. Wo had
simply the estimates which were sent down "to
us trom General Delaiield, tho head of the
engineer department. General Delaiield lias ,
not examined these fortifications personally; he j
has maao up his estimates from the estimate of !
some subordinate, who has followed the report
ol some still lower subordinate.
Now, we find that in the case of Fort Wayne,
Congress appropriated last year $75,000 for
the purpose of putting it in repair. How much
was appropriated theyear before I do not know.
We find, too, curiously enough, that the offi-
cers having charge of the expenditure of this
money always managed to use up all these ap-
propriations. It is a singular fact, also, that
so large a number of these fortifications should
each require the precise sum of $50,000 to put
i |them in repair. You will find that the appropria-
tion proposed for Fort Wayne is $50,000, for
Fort Ontario, $50,000; for Fort Montgomery,
$50,000; for Fort Georges, $50,000, &c. By
examination, it will be seen that all the appro-
priations are in round, even numbers. Sir, it
is evident that these estimates are simply guess-
work on the part of the officers who propose
them. They guess that they can use up
550,000 at each one of these forts; and if you
appropriate the money, they will be sure to
expend it.
Now, if the country were prosperous and
our Treasury overflowing, it might be well
enough to ornament these fortifications, to lay
out elaborate walks, plant trees, &c.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will per-
mit me to interrupt him, I will state that last
year the estimates were $0,540,000; this year
the estimates are Sl,G:"i5,000.
Mr. FAIINSWOIITH. Yes, sir; but.last
year other fortifications were included. It will
bo found, too, that in several cases the esti-
mates this year are largely increased. For
Portsmouth the amount this year is $25,000 or
more in excess of what it was last year. If
any of tho work has been battered down, if
any part of the works have been destroyed by
the natural wear and tear of tho weather upon
them, these appropriations are only asked to
put them in sullieient repair for preservation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. I understand that most of
these appropriations are not for the repair of
fortiiieatious, but for completing and remodel-
ing them. I know such is the case with the
fortification at Portsmouth. It is also true in
reference to the fortification at Portland. One
is a new foitificaliou and tho other is an old
earthwork which is being rebuilt.. The appro-
priations we have before the House now are
not meant to complete tho fortifications, as
there will have to bo other appropriations here-
after. but these amounts are necessary to carry
oil the work for the present year.
I agree with the gentleman from Ohio in this
matter, that, if we make small appropriations
the money will be practically thrown awav. If
we make the appropriations so small as not to
be sullieient for the entire year, the work will
have to be abandoned when the appropriation
has been exhausted, and the Government must
necessarily suffer some loss by the consequent
neglect,, if wc appropriate sullieient for tho
work during the year, we will have the advan-
tage of all the work that is done.
X do not know what is the amount -necessary
for these fortifications, but I presume the De-
partment docs know, and that those estimates
are made with that knowledge. We are told
this is the amount which can be expended ad-
vantageously during the present year, and I
hope they will lie agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWOR1TI. Iwithdrawmyamend-
ment.
Mr. CIIANLER. I renew it.
Mr. Chairman, it strikes me that tho gentle-
men who _ have supported tho able chairman
who presides over the Committee on Appro-
priations with such blind adherence in oppos-
ing the policy of the Administration, are doing
a heedless thing in removing their support
from him at this moment, however blind he
may be, or however ignorant he may be in re-
gard to this matter. It is the rule by which
he has regulated the action of this House for
the last two years. I cannot understand why
this special fever of economy afflicts them now
when they have followed his lead in forcing
odious measures upon the South more disas-
trous to the country and more costly to the
Treasury than any repairs of fortifications
can be. *
These fortifications are essential for our de-
fense against a foreign enemy. If gentlemen
anticipate war with the southern States still out
of the Union, we must keep oursel vesprotected.
I will say, without entering at large into the
argument, that the people of the city of New
York—and if these gentleman are ignorant of
the fact they can soon learn it from the best
military and naval authorities of the country—
I say that the people of the city of New York
know that the property of the country depends
upon the defense of that city.
With the present vast improvements in of-
fensive warfare, we are told that the Narrows
can be forced, unless they are defended by
improved and stronger fortifications. Such is
the opinion of those who are capable of judg-
ing, and who have called upon the Adminis-
tration to examine into this question. Now,
if for the mere saving of a million and a half
dollars we have to ran the risk of being de-
fenseless, even with the most remote possibility
of a foreign war, we will not be true to our
trust.
We are already trembling in the scales from
the policy pursued not only at. home but abroad.
Wc may call down upon us at any time the
arms of foreign Powers. I have no objection
to the northern lakes being explored and sur-
veyed. T am willing that $150,000 should be
appropriated for that purpose ; but it strikes me
as a pigmy economy that gentlemen on the other
side should withdraw their support from the
able chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations who amused them so much with hismoon
hoax on last Saturday. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROSS. [ do not agree with my friend
from New York that our safety against, invasion
from other countries depends upon our forts.
It depends upon our capacity to defend our-
selves. I think it is bad policy to be expend-
ing year after year millions of money on these
fortifications. Experience during the last war
has shown that forts can be thrown up in twen-
ty-four hours sufficient for all purposes. We
are continually taxing our constituents, placing
heavy bmdens on them to make appropriations
for these foits, and I do not think they are ne-
cessary. I am willing to vote for all motions
made to cut down these appropriations.
Sir, there is no danger of any Government
attacking the United States. They all know
the power and capacity of this Government to
resist any attempt to infringe upon our rights.
Year after year this same question comes up of
appropriating from fifty to one hundred thou-
sand dollars to keep these forts in repair. Mil-
lions of money have been expended for pur-
poses of no utility to the people whatever.
We are to prepare for war in time of peace.
According to the theory of the gentleman, we
are to exhaust our resources and pile addi-
tional taxes and burdens upon the people for
fear we are to get into war with somebody.
Sir, there is no probability of any war. Who
is going to attack the United States? What
Power dare do it? It is a mere ruse for the
purpose of getting money expended in partic-
ular vicinities. There is no necessity for it
whatever, aud I hope my colleague will con-
tinue cutting down these appropriations.
Mr. CIIAX LE i t. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr.. BERGEN. I renew it. This warning,
In time of peace prepare for war," is a very
proper one. Five years ago it was said there
was no danger of secession or of rebellion, and
tae men who prophesied danger were scouted
as false prophets or as men who could not read
the times. Now gentlemen cry out, " There is
no danger of foreign war.'' The gentleman who
preceded me says that no nation dare attack
us. Sir, there may be, and there is, danger
of foreign war. Did not this House a few days
ago vote in favor of a Mexican loan ?
Several Members. No ; not so.
Mr. BERGEN. It think it did, but whether
it did or not we have Mexico on our borders,
