1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1349
and difficulties may occur with our neighbors jj
at any time. And it has been the practice of [[
ail nations in time of peace to erect their for- jj
tifications and prepare fur war. It is oar put- >
icy and interest to do so now. Let us not there-
fore cut down these appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 oelieve 1 must rise to a
question of order. Gentlemen should confine
themselves to the merits of this particular
amendment or we shall not get through till to-
ward morning.
The CHAIIOIA\T. The Cluiir sustains the
point of order. The gentleman will proceed in
order.
Mr. BERGEN. I am speaking about all the
fortifications. I say if the appropriations are
not made the expenses will remain nearly the
same. The engineers and other oflicers will
have to lie paid, and master laborers will be
employed.
The CHAIRMAN'. The gentleman must
confine himself to the amendment to reduce
the appropriation for Fort Wayne, near Detroit,
from S-o.000 to S20.000.
Mr. BERGEN. I was not aware that that
was the exact portion of the question or 1 would
have put my argument in a diilerent shape. I
am really in lavor of expending the whole
amount which lias been recommended by the
committee.
Mr. WIN FIELD. I am in favor of the amend-
ment to reduce the appropriation foi this par-
ticular fort. I do so under the impression that
it is hardly fair to get these appropriation bills
for large amounts through the House by appeal-
ing to the fears of the country in regard to the
imminence of foreign war. I have no idea that
the peace of the country is to bo broken up or
that we are to be involved in war with any
nation at any point of time that renders action
on appropriations such as this essential or
important.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will eon-
fine himself to the amendment now pending.
Mr. VINI'TELD. It is said that we are as-
sailable at this particular point, and that there-
fore it is essential that this amount, should be
appropriated to this particular fort. Now, I
desire to say that neither at this point, nor at
any other, in my judgment, is the peace of the
country in danger at this time. And 1 have
risen principally to dissent from the proposi-
tion that has been submitted by my colleague
that we are in imminent danger of v.ar in con-
scquenee of mismanagement in the adminis-
tration of our foreign affairs. I enter my pro-
test against that imputation. I claim that the
extremes! skill has been exercised in extricating
the country from danger in that direction, which
seemed some time since to threaten us. The
management has not only been skillful, hut it
has been successful, and is coniinuing, in my
judgment, to be so to this lime. And if dip-
lomatic skill in regaid to our foreign aflaiis
will save us from being embroiled in a ioreigu
wai, 1 think we may assure ournelvcs that we
are entirely safe. I do not considerthese large
appropriations necessary on account of any
want of skill in the management of our foreign
rel.itiou.-i. I therefore protest against the Treas-
ury being depleted for any groundless fears
which may bo expressed or entertained in that
regard.
The question was taken on the amendment
offered !>y Mr. CuAXL^Rfandit was disagreed to.
The question then recuriing on the amend-
ment of Mr. Farxswort!! to strike out SoO.OOO
and insert 3^5,01)0; uo quorum \oied.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chairman ap-
pointed Messrs. bPALDixo, and \\ as lib" nxr ot
Illinois.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—nves 2'-), noes oi, no quorum voting.
The roll was called, and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
brenner, Goodyear, Cinder, Griswold, Halo, Aaron
Hardin-?, ILnri-s Hart, Hayes, Hcrideison, Hoteh-
l\iv=,A^.ih''l W. l[ubbar>l, John II. Hubbard, James B,.
Hubbell, Uulburd, James Humphrey, JamesM. Hum-
phre\, lntieiM)li, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kasson,
KeHcy. Kerr. Ku\ kendall, Latham, n-(-orc;e V, Law-
rence, "Wiliuun Lawrence. Marvin, McCulloujrh, Mc~
Indoe, McKee, Miller, Moorhend, MonUon. Myers,
Newell, N"ibhu-k.Xicho]*on,Xoe)l,0'.NoiiL Patteison,
Ihke,Plants. Pomeroy,"William II. Randall, liny morni,
John H. Kiec. Hitter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Rous-
seau, Scofield, Shellabaiger, Sit?reaves, Sloan, Smith,
Stilweli, Strouse, Francis Thomas John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, "Ward,
Henry i). Washburn, Whuley, Stephen E. Wilson,
Window, and Wii&ht.
The committeo then rose ; and the Speaker
havingresumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the btate of the Union had had under consider-
ation the special oider, being hill of the House
No. 255, making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for
the year ending the COth of June, 18r>7. and
linding itself without a quorum, he had directed
the rod to he called, and reported the names
of the ab<entoe« to the House.
On m oi ion of Mr. WASHBURN"]"!, ofTllinoi^,
(at twenty minuter past ten o'clock p. in..) the
House adjourned.
juavis, J'l'luUO, J n ;ii\ \.
Eokley, Eggle&lon, Earuuhar, luiek, Oariield, uiojsS-
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, £c., were presented under
the- uile and i et'ei red to appi opn.ite committees :
By M i. A LLEY : The pot it i<>n of the Amc^bury and
Salisbury Savins-' Bank, for ieduction of taxes.
By Mr. ALCONA: The petition ot' hhacfler & Co.,
manuiaetuiei,-j oi' a;-?in ultur.il implements, A.e., at
t'ieeUvood, Berks county, I'eni^ylvama, lor relief
fiom the excessive duplication of taxes 011 their
manuiaetui e-s.
Abo, the memorial of A. Campbell Sz Co., with the
names* of their employes attached, for such legisla-
tion as will continue to said Campbell A: Co., and
other inanu tact ui ers, the cnormou-in< oine^ lliev have
enjoyed during the late "war tluoiu'h cla-s ieiri.da-
tion, X'<\. and to the prejudice and at the expense of
consul lei - trenerallj .
By Mr. ASHLE V, of Ohio • The petition of 1hebn-i-
lie-^iucn oi Toledo, pra.wnj,' Cony,ie.^lor an appro*
pri.it 1011 ior tiio improvement ol the harbor at Toledo,
Ohio.
A No. petitions from the bu*ine*s men and citizens
of Jhuon and Ottawa counties and from northwest-
ern Ohio, praym? lor the same improvement.
Also, the petition of the collector, postmaster, and
business men of Toledo, Ohio, addmc for an appro-
pnation to complete and repair the custom-house at
Toledo, Ohio.
B> M>\ DEI'iAXO: The memorial of Archibald C.
Crary.ot Euca.Xew* Yoik.tor relied and <jompeu: a-
tion a- hen-at-law ot revolutionary officer lor rev-
olutionary t^r vices,
A1m>, the potiuonof 1,-aac Stafford,and SO others,
citizens of Coshocton county, Ohio, praying Conores-
toi)jciea>e the custom- duty onto] eiftn woolsiinpoi ted
into the United Stares.
By Mr. DONNELLY: A memorial of the Stale of
Minnesota, ior a errant oi lands to aid in the construc-
tion ot the-J Listings, Minnesota IU\ cr, und Red River
of the Nort b railioad.
By Mr. ELIOT : The petition of the Enirhaven I11-
sti'tution lb 1 Savings, Masbachubctt?., piuying for re-
lief from certain t i\'e^.
Bv Mr. FA RXSWOKTII: The petition of Thomas
D. Robertson, and <>0 others, Imsine.-s men ot Rock-
lord, Illinois, lor the evUtbhdtiny a Bureau ol In-
surance.
Bv Mr. BERRY: The memorial of cltizon^ of An-
tiim eounl.v, Mi-'hiunn, piayin^ tliat railroad jrrant
hind- revived he re-foi ed to m.fket
By Mi. li EMJEIISOX : Several petitions from the
othceiv ot the navy-yard at Maie Island, Calilornia,
• a-kincr for an m< rensc of pay.
Bv Mr. JjONCKFS: The petition of the People's
Savinirs Bank, in Pioviilence, Rhode Island, for
amendment ol internal revenue act.
By Mr. LAFL1N : The petition of 47 ladies of
Brocliett's Bridge, Herkimer county, New York, in
favor ot universal sufna^c.
Also, the petition of 7-i citizens ofCaithncre, Jeffer-
«on connty. New A'c-rk, in favor ol a reduction of
tuxe< imposed by the internal revenue act and an
increase of dufies on import-1.
P>\ Mr. MEltCTR: T!n> petition of Thoma^Beaver,
andl3otheis ciir/ens of Montoiu couutv, Pennsyl-
vania. praying for such reu.-ion ol the fardl laws
a> uill piotcet domc-uc labor and invite the invest-
ment "f eapitrl in home manufacturer.
By Mr. PAXXE: The memoiial of Chamber of
Commerce ol Milwaukee, relaiiug to Xiagaia ship-
! Cl]JyMr. PIKE: The petition of N. T. Hill, and loO
1 others, of Bucksport. Maine, for «uch conditions to
| bo put on tlio ad(ui-->ion of the rebel State-3 as shall
! punish treason with ineligibility to oilice, and reward
I lovaltv with confidence and honor: and al^o for the
1 abolition of all lc-ral distinctions in those States on
account of laec or color.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of ,"60 citizens of
Illinois, praying for such an amendment to the pre-
amble to the Constitution of the United States a? shall
distinctly acknowledge "AlmightyGod as the source
of all authority and power in civil governments, the
Lord Jesus Christ, the Ruler among the nations, and
Hi< revealed will as the supreme authorits" therein."
By Mr. PRICE: The memorial of the Legislature
of the State ol Iowa, asking tor the same aid in lands
and Government bonds, to aid in the construction of
the Iowa branch of the Pacific railroad and telegraph
line as has been granted to the Kansas branch of
said load.
Also, the petition of 78 Iowa soldiers, asking for an
equalization 0} bounties.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
Roxanna Hastings, widow of Bernard Hastings, for
a pension.
By Mr. SCIIENCK: The petition of the central
committee ofthe German Veteran Association of New
York city, for the establishment of homes for sick and
disabled soldiers.
Also, the petition of Ohio manufacturers, for a re-
duction of the tax on .vgncultuial implements.
BvMr. SPALDING: The petitionof many citizens
of Ohio, for naval station at Cleveland, Ohio.
Also, the petition of G. 11. Pleasance, and others,
asking that licensed pilots on the lakes be reliovou
from certain onerous duties while in port.
.Bv Mr. STHVENvS: Petitions from 0. Stouffer, A.
II. Newman, and otheis manufacturers of cariiages,
harvesters, A'c., for a modification of the internal
revenue law so as to relieve t he excessive duplication
ol taxes whichnowbearsso heavilyupon that branch,
ol indnstr\.
Bv Mr. AVELKER : The petition of Seth Goodwin,
andoOSotheis, wool-growers of Hinckley, Sharon, and
Litchfield townships, Medina county, Ohio, asking
pvotei tion on v ool
By Mr.AVINDOM : A memorial of the Legislature
of the Territory of Jscw Mcmco, askmcc relief tor
Indian depredations committed in said Territory.
Also, a memorial of the Lecri.-dature ol the State of
Minnesota, for the establishment ol a mailioute from
"\\ dton, iu Waseca count}, via Swan Lake, to Blue
Eai fh Citv, in ^aid State.
Ai.-o, the petition of W. S. McEwen.and 20 others,
offu-eis and soldiers ol theState of Minnesota, asking
that the soidieii who enh.-tod prior to the year 1865
f hall receive the same bounties as those who enlisted
during that year.
Also, a petition for the relief of Charles Werder-
witseh, of Minnesota.
IN RKNATK.
Tuesday. March L?., 1SGG.
Prayor by Rov. Aktili-u 3U:hti^, I). D., of
ljulValo, New^'oik. ^
Tho Jourual of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. S1IMXBU presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying for an amend-
ment of the tariff so as to protect American
labor to the extent of the difference ofthe cost
of capital and labor here and abroad, 'with the
addition of the taxes paid by our industrial
products from which the foieijm articles are
free : which was ruferred to the Committee on
Finance.
lie also presented a petition signed by many
authors and editors of the United States, pray-
ing- for the passage oi' an international copy-
right law; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign -Relations
Mr. IIKNDFH.SON. f desire to present the
proposition of Mr. Frederick Peck, who says
flint lie has collected about two thousand plants
in several Stoles of the Union, and ho proposes
to donate the collection to the (lovcrnment of
the United States, to be deposited in the mn-
seum ofthe Department of Agriculture. It is
a very valuable botanical collection, and should
it be accept(d it may form the mudeus, as he
says, around which may be gathered in the
future a botanical collection of all the plants
of the United States. I present it, and ask
that it be referred to the Committee on x\gri-
cultnrg.
It was so referred.
"Mr. POMUUOY presented a petition of cit-
izens of westei u Kansas, piayingforan appro-
piiation to build a bridge over the Republican ^
river, or for the abandonment of a portion of
the Fort Riley reserve; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs-and the
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of Sal-
mon B. Colby, praying for compensation for
wood destroyed near Foits Stevens and De
Ru^y, by the" fire of the Union troops in repel-
ling the enemy during the rebel raid in July,
18<34: which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a memo-
rial of the Indiana Soldiers' Association, ia
