I860.
TltE OOIsTGEBSSIOJTAL globe
hand in hand—a' highway broad and equal,
with no obstructions to impede their progress
save those that God has ordained and placed
upon them, and in it, aecordingto His own im-
mutable purpose and sovereign will?
Thus far these people have shown much obe-
dience to law and order, and demeaned them-
selves as properly as could be expected ; and in
the field, under our flag, have exhibited rare
traits of character, and given the most conclu-
sive evidence that while they desire liberty and
£bod government, they are ready to do and to
lie to secure the one and permanently estab-
lish the other. The facts of past history are in
many instances against the reasoning of these
gentlemen, while the present stands out a com-
plete refutation of their whole argument and
policy.
No class of people, asking for a recognition
of what they deem to be their rights, having
shown themselves worthy by the greatest sacri-
fices, loyalty, and patience, should be denied a
fair chance to vindicate themselves before the
world and determine the question, as in the case
before us, by a practical solution of it. The
President,, in his message to this House and the
country, speaking of the general subject of the
treatment of the freedmcn, presents the idea I
have suggested truthfully and properly when he
says:
" We must equally avoid liasty assumptions of any
natural impossibility for the two races to live side by
bide in a btate of mutual benefit and good will. The
experiment involve? us in no inconsistency: let us,
then, go on and make that experiment in good faith,
and not be too easily disheartened." "■ * * *
"If they fail and so perish away, let us be careful that
the failure shall not ho attributable to any denial of
justice."
These words were made with reference to the
question of labor.as connected with the freed-
man and his rights to the proceeds of his labor,
which lie insists must be protected and guar-
antied, but have application alike to giving him
a fair trial to show himself a man and worthy
of the privileges it is proposed to confer upon
him. When will there be a better opportunity
than the present to try the experiment of im-
partial suffrage, and where the place so appro-
priate as this District? Here wo have supreme
control, no constitutional difficulties in the way,
and should the experiment prove a failure, as
I do not believe, but as time will determine,
we have the remedy in our own hands and at
our control to correct all the evils that may
result from it, and can apply it without delay.
Sir, a measure of this kind is just, because it
will give to a large class of persons, intelligent,
upright citizens of this District, enterprising,
energetic business men, who hold property and
pay taxes, obey and aid in the execution of the
laws, the right to be heard in the making of
such laws, and a voice in the selection of those
who arc to execute them and dispense justice in
the District. It is expedient for the reason that
as loyal citizens, by their devotion to our com-
mon country, they have established the fact be-
yond controversy that they know how to, and
will, appreciate civil rights and privileges when
conferred, and demean themselves properly and
witji decent regard for the public interests.
I learn that a large portion of all the taxes
paid into the national Treasury in this District
is paid by colored property-holders and busi-
ness men : some of whom pay taxes 011 sums as
high as $25,000; whose enterprise and business
thrift go very far toward giving this District its
present advanced condition of prosperity, and
whose high moral character, as a class, does
not suffer by comparison with any other, when
we take into account the favor with which it has
been treated by those who have been superior
to them in point of privilege.
Mt. KELLEY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Xew York. I will-state thatone
of the colored people of th is Dj strict pays taxes 011
■$200,000 worth of property accumulated by him-
self ; and that when we abolished slavery in the
District one of them, a laboring man. held a
mortgage against the estate of Senator Douglas
forSl'2,000, and a mortgage against tile adjoin-
ing house also, the property of Senator Bice,
for $6,000.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I was not
aware of the fact. I give the information I
have received, and gladly accept the statement
of my friend from Pennsylvania.
This large property interest has a right to be
heard in the administration of affairs in this
District, to protect itself against injustice, and
secure for itself a proper direction and share
of the public charities and public expenditures.
It is a remarkable fact, which I hope does "not
now exist, that up to quite a recent period this
unfortunate class of people were prohibited
from forming and sustaining schools by their
own efforts, and at their own expense, for the
education of their children. And this here,
where it is admitted Congress has supreme
control, and is charged with the duty of seeing
justice and equality take place. "While I hope
and believe that such is not the fact now, to the
same extent at least as formerly, if at all, I am
not quite willing to leave these people entirely
powerless to protect themselves against wrong
and injustice, especially when I have the best
reason to know that any rights they may have
extended to them by law wil I be properly appre-
ciated, and by no means abused.
What record do these colored people in the
District present to the country? According to
the census of 1860 the colored population was
a little less than fifteen thousand. It has been
somewhat increased of late, as one of the con-
sequcnccs of the war, but the statistics which
I here submit present a state and condition of
things produced by the enterprise, intelligence,
and thrift of the population above referred to,
and before the war:
" The value of real and personal property now owned
by them is over one million two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
" The value of church property held by them is about
one hundred and twenty-Jlvo thousand dollars, con-
sisting of twenty-three ehiiFohcs, whieh are supported
at a cost of over twenty thousand dollars per annum.
Thcnumbcr of church communicants its four thousand
three hundred, while the average attendance upon
religious services is nine thousand, some of those be-
ing attendants upon servicc at Catholic and Kptscopal
churches controlled by whites. The number of Sab-
bath schools for colored persons is twenty-three, at-
tended by between three and tour thousand pupils.
"Of other schools for coloied children there are
thirty-three, and the miruber ot impils attendingthem
during the month of November, 1865, was four thou-
sand and thirty. 8ix ol these schools are entirely sup-
ported by the colored people, others are supported by
the generosity of northern bcnevolontsocieties, though
the necessary books, stationery, &c., are furnished
chiefly by the coloied people themselves.
"Four thousand of the colored population of the "Dis-
trict can read and write. They subscribe for about
forty-live hundred copies of newspapers, a largo pro-
portion of these being dailies.
"Of societies for literary, benevolent, and other pur-
poses, they have over thirty, and through the agency
of thebe they, to a very great extent, piovidc lor and
support the needy and infirm of their race ill theTlis-
tnct, the city government having but a very small
per cent, of colored paupers to support.
" This I.- the record of a class of citizens in this com-
munity, ninety per cent, of which were slaves or the
immediate descendants of slaves, many having pur-
chabcd th'-ir own ficedom and that oftheir families."
And what record, sir, have they made during
the war, and since they were allowed to reen-
force our armies, and share in tin; trials and
honors of the ''great conflict?"
The colored population of this District, as a
class, have shown as much devotion to our
country during tire severe struggle through
whieh it has passed as their white neighbors.
Tlicy have exhibited, to say the least, as high
order of loyalty, and as much of it, as the white
population. They were always true, always the
friends of the Government, in sunshine or in
storm, in victory or defeat. While many with,
a whiter skin were plotting treason and con-
spiring to overthrow the Government which had
made them all they were, and given them their
daily bread, no treason or conspiracy was ever
found in their ranks, or stained their hands with
the innocent blood of the loyal and faithful de-
fenders of the Republic.
Out of a population to which I have referred,
they contributed three full regiments, overthree
thousand five hundred enlisted men, while the
white population of upward of sixty thousand
sent only about fifteen hundred inen for the sup-
port of the Union, the Constitution, and the
laws. In all our country's trial? their loyalty
has never been questioned, and their patriot-
ism has been unbounded. They volunteered
with alacrity without the incentives of hi$i pay,
bounties, or .promotions, led by white officers,
with no expectation of any advancement in the
ranks for gallantry r>r heroic conduct. They
were willing to trust themselves and theirs in
the hands of the loyal people o'f the country,
for the honoi' of which they fought, aad tetchy
of thein died, and whose fee institutions thfey
desire to see perpetuated to the latest genera-
tions. • ■ - - ,
In their memorial to this House they shy:
"We cherish fond hopes and laudable desires and"
honorable asturatioca in connection with th& future!
of our country."
Who shall say that this record is not a jfoM
one? How dare we turn our backs upon these
people in view of these facts, when we must
know, too, that through all the way We h&vfe
passed the hand of the Invisible has Ifed us on
to this glad hour of triumph, that we may do
justice, and for the future work -the worsts of
righteousness that we may be exalted indeed?
But it is said that the people of the District ate
opposed to the principle of impartial suffrage,
and voted against it by a large majority. So
were they opposed to the Government in the
dark days of the early part of the recent -frar,
and if they had voted theh would no doubt have
voted down the Government by a large major-
ity. What though the voters' of this District
express an opinion adverse to this proposition
at the polls? They are a party in interest, in-
fluenced by strong and most degrading prejft-
diees against the colored population, and tvill
act under the influence of such prejudices often-
times, irrespective of the justice in the case."
Shall the Government fail to do justice t0
its loyal subjects, because of the opposition of
those who are governed by strong prejudices,
and others who have persisted in their efforts
to destroy the Government until failure is cer-
tain, and now seek to control and regulate its
policy? Again, had it been left to the people
of the District in 1861 to abolish slavery by
their votes, it would have been to-day, as for-
merly, the disgrace of the nation; and instead
of beholding the national capital, the greatheart
of the Republic so to speak, throbbing with the
healthy flow of a purer and a higher life, slavery
would still lie festering at its very core, con-
suming all its vitality ajtd hope.
"What harm, sir, has resulted from such abo-
lition in this District? Who would go back to
the old state of things, of servitude and wrong
in the national capital? Not one; and so will
it be if impartial, well-regulated suffrage he-
come a law, when the people have a complete
demonstration of the spirit and devotion to law
and order on the part of this class of our citizens.
Tell me that a majority of the people here
arc asrainst this proposition! Let it be remem-
bered that the aggregate of the majorities of all
the Union members of this House is the Ma-
jority in favor of the principle of justice here
proposed, and the verdict rendered by the peo-
ple, who have a right to be heard in the solu-
tion of this question. They have long sinee
declared that this District shall be free; thtit
110 sjave shall tread upon its soil, or within it
carry his chains; that the last stain made by
the curse of human bondage shall be wiped out,
and this District elevated to a higher and a no-
bler life of freedom, justice, and equal protec-
tion before the law. There can come no possi-
ble injury to any one, as 1 can conceive, should
impartial suffrage be established here by law,
regulated by wholesome and wise provisions.
It'will be no precedent for future action upon
equal suffrage anywhere else, for here we are
agreed upon the question of right to legislate in
this regard; while there is a propriety, to say
the least, in placing this District above any of
the degrading conditions of partial or unequal
legislation. Let us act upon the suggestions
of the President, that it is wise to try these
people, and not prejudge their case befcire a
fair trial is made, so that if in the end tlrey fail
to be worthy of the privileges conferred; it caii-
not be said that it was "from any denialof jus-
tice 011 our part."
