1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
mm
cause of the detention of such person within
three days thereafter, unless such person be
detained beyond the distance of twenty miles,
and if beyond the distance of twenty mile& and
not above one hundred miles, then within ten
days, and if beyond the distance of one hundred
miles, then within twenty days. Upon the re-
turn of the writ of habeas corpus a day shall be
set for the hearing of the cause, not exceeding
five days thereafter, unless the party petition-
ing shall request a longer time. The petitioner
may deny any of the material facts set forth in
the return, or may allege any fact to show that
the detention is in contravention of the Consti-
tution or laws of the United States, which alle-
gations or denials arc to be made on oath.
The return may be amended by leave of the
court or judge before or after it is filed, as also
may all suggestions made against it, that
thereby the material facts may be ascertained.
The court or judge is to proceed in a summary
way to determine the facts of the case, by hear-
ing testimony and the arguments of the parties
interested ; and if it shall appear that the pe-
titioner is deprived of his or her liberty in con-
travention of the Constitution or laws of the
United States, he or she shall forthwith be dis-
charged and set at liberty. If any person or
persons to whom the writ may be directed shall
refuse to obey it, or shall neglect or refuse to
make return, or shall .make a false return
thereto, in addition to the remedies already
given by law, he or thejr shall be deemed and
taken to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall,
on conviction before any court of competent
jurisdiction, be punished by fine not exceeding
$1,000, and by imprisonment not exceeding
one year, or by either, according to the nature
and aggravation of the case. Fiom the final
decision of any judge, justice, or court, inferior
to the circuit court, an appeal may be taken to
the circuit court of the United States for the
district in which the cause is heard, and from
the judgment of the circuit court to the Supreme
Court of the United States, on such terms and
under such regulations and orders, as well for
the custody and appearance of the person
alleged to be restrained of his or her liberty,
as for sending up to the appellate tribunal a
transcript of the petition, writ of habeas corpus
return thereto, and other proceedings, as may
be prescribed by the Supreme Court, or, in
default of such, as the judge hearing the cause
may prescribe; and pending such proceedings
or appeal, and until final judgment be rendered
therein, and after final judgment of discharge
in the same, any proceeding against such per-
son so alleged to be restrained of his or her
liberty in any State court, or by or under the
authority of any State, for any matter or thing
so heard and determined, or in process of being
heard and determined, under and by virtue of
such writ of habeas corpus, shall be deemed
null and void.
A final judgment or decree in any suit in the
highest couit of a State in which a decision in
the suit could be had, where is drawn in ques-
tion the validity of a treaty or statute of or an
authority exercised under the United States,
and the decision is against their validity, or
where is drawn in question the validity of a
statute of or an authority exercised under any
State, on the ground of their being repugnant
to the Constitution, treaties, or laws of the
United States, and the decision is in favor of
their validity, or where any title, right, privi-
lege, or immunity is claimed under the Consti-
tution, or any treaty or statute of or commis-
sion held or authority exercised under the
United States, and the decision is against the
title, right, privilege, or immunity specially set
up or claimed by either party under such Con-
stitution, treaty, statute, commission, or au-
thority, may be reexamined and reversed or
affirmed in the Supreme Court of the United
States, upon a writ of error, the citation being
signed by the chief justice or judge or chancel-
lor of the court rendering or passing the judg-
ment or decree complained of, or by a justice
of the Supreme Court of the United States, in
the same manner and under the same regula-
tions, and the writ shall have the same effect,
as if the judgment or decree complained of had
been rendered or passed in a court of the Uni-
ted States; and the proceeding upon the rever-
sal shall also be the same, except that the Su-
premo Court may, at their discretion, proceed
to a final decision of the same, and award exe-
cution, or remand the same to an inferior court.
This act is not to apply to the ease of any
person who is or may be held in the custody
of the military authorities of the United States,
charged with any military offense, or with hav-
ing aided or abetted rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United Stales prior to its pas-
sage.
Mr. DAVIS. This is a very important bill;
and it is a very late hour of the session to pass
it. From the reading of it at the Clerk's table,
I observe some provisions in it which I think
very doubtful policy ; and it may lead to injus-
tice. As I gather the contents of the bill as it
was read, there is a provision to prevent a per-
son that has been discharged by a United States
court upon a writ of habeas corpus from being
taken again by the authority of the State courts
or State laws; and die latter part of the bill
suspends its operation against persons held by
the military authorities of the United States,,
if I gathered the meaning of it aright. Nov,
sir, 1 believe that where a party has made his
petition for a writ of habeas corpus and has
been discharged in pursuance of the provisions
of the habeas corpus act there is very greatly
more danger of oppression by rearrest by the
military authorities of the country than by the
authorities of the States. I am not satisfied
that the provisions against rearrest by the State
authorities are not altogether too stringent;
and 1 have no belief whatever that such immu-
nity as is given to the military authorities by
that bill from having persons taken under mili-
tary arrest delivered from their custody, and
their aggiession by a writ of habeas corpus, is
not altogether to that extent subversive of the,
constitutional liberties of the citizen.
I am sorry that, I did not know the contents of
this bill before by general consent and acquies-
cence it was agreed by the Seuate to be taken
up. I never would have given my sanction to
such a hurried consideration of a measure so
important and that is to bear so vitally upon
the rights and the liberties of the people.
Prom the way that the bill set out in its first
section I had believed and hopedHhat it was a
wise, liberal, and just provision to secure to
the people of the United States their constitu-
tional rights and liberties, but I am not satis-
fied that it was not an ingenious device for the
purpose of making further and more effectual
and grievous encroachments upon those rights
and liberties. I do hope that the Senate will
not pass the bill without giving further time
and opportunity for its consideration. I there-
fore move that the bill be postponed until the
first day of the next session of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. St is difficult to reply
to the Senator from Kentucky, because I do
not know that he makes any specific objection
to any particular provision of the bill. It is a
House bill; it was not prepared in the Senate ;
we considered the bill, and 1 am sorry that the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Jonxsox] is not
here; he examined it in committee, and is in
favor of its passage. The last clause of the
bill which is so obnoxious to the Senator from
Kentucky, I think, is not objectionable. I
will read that last clause again <
This net shall not apply to the ease of any person
who is or raav be held in the custody of the military
authorities of the United States, charged with any
military offense.
Of course it would not do to take out cf the
control of the military the strictly military
cases, whether in time of war or peace. It
would not do to take a man liable to trial by
court-martial away from that jurisdiction by a
habeas corpus. That is all that is meant by
this ; and I supposed there could be no objec-
tion to that on the pari of the Senator from
Kentucky. His objection probably is that the
military have been usurping authority thai-
does not, belong t.o them, I suppose that is
likely the objection he would have; but this is
a bill ol a general character and applying to
persons held in custody of the military author-
ities charged with a military offense.
Mr. NESMITH. Would that provision ap-
ply to any person except those in the military
service ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all.
Mr. DAVIS. I should have no objection to
it if that was the construction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The provision is:
This act shall not apply to the ease of any person
who is or may be held in the custody of the military
authorities of the United States, charged with any
military offense, or with having aided or abetted
rebellion against the Government of the United
States prior to the passage of this act.
It was not intended to interfere with any of
those cases, such as that of Davis held in mil-
itary custody now. The object of this bill is
not to interfere at all with any existing condi-
tion of persons held in confinement in conse-
quence of the rebellion.
Mr. NESMITH. Is there any objection to
an amendment expressly limiting it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have no objec-
tion ; but I will state to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, which lie is probably aware of, that the,
habeas corpus act of 1780, to which this bill is
an amendment, confines the jurisdiction of the
United States courts in issuing writs of habeas
corpus to persons who are held under United
States laws. Now, a person might be held
under a State law in violation of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, and he
ought to have in such a case the benefit of the
writ, and we agree that he ought to have re-
course to United States courts to show that he
was illegally imprisoned in violation of the
Constitution or laws of the United Slates.
I did not think there would be any objection
to the bill. I received a note from one of the
members of the Judiciary Committee of the
House of Representatives requesting me to
have the bill acted upon. It was examined by
the members of the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate You will find it on your files. It
is House bill No. 005. I do not think there
is any j'.isf objection to it. I certainly should
not wish to have it passed if there was. I think
we examined it with sufficient care to have
detected anything improper in it. It is a bill
in aid of ihe rights of the people.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator whether the fimuid.sectionis drawn on the
same principle as the twenty-fifth section of
the judiciary act of 1789.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a little broader than
the judiciary act. It is of a similar character.
Mr. COWAN. I am afraid that it is rather
too broad. I refer to the clause giving the Su-
preme Court jurisdiction over "a final judg-
ment or deciee in any suit, in the highest court
of a Slate in which a decision in the suit could
be had, where is drawn in question the validity
of a treaty or statute of, or an authority-exor-
cised under, the United States, and the decision
is against their validity, or where is drawn in
question the validity of a statute of, or an au-
thority exercised under, any State. onthe ground
of their being repugnant to the Constitution,
treaties, or laws of the United States, and the
decision ic in favor of such their validity."
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 submit to the Senator
from Penmylvania whether, if the decision was
against a right claimed under a treaty or stat-
ute or authority exercised under the Govern-
ment of the United States, it would not be
proper that that matter should go to the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
Mr. COWAN. As the law now stands, I
think it is right. If you make it broader yoij
open doors so that everybody can come into
the Supreme Court. That is why I asked the
question. The language of the old act is right
because that has had a construction, and I think
it opens the door wide enough.
Mr. DAVIS. If I understand the bill ac-
cording to its letter, it is simply to legalize the
course that has been pursued by the military
authorities during the iate war, and that has
