4230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
been to denominate anything a "military of-
fense' ' which they chose to give that name to.
Mr. President, according to my reading of
the Constitution a civilian cannot commit a
military offense at all, and a civilian cannot
be subjected to trial by any military tribunal
without a flagrant and most dangerous infrac-
tion upon the Constitution. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, according to the verbiage of this act any-
thing which may be called a military offense
is so to be treated by the courts that are au-
thorized to issue writs of habeas corpus.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will give way, I will say that if there is
any sort of opposition to this bill I shall not
press it now. I think it is a bill required by
the public service; but if he is apprehensive
that there is anything wrong in the bill, I will
not press it to a vote this evening. I suppose
it would bo for the court to decide whether it
was a military offense or not. I suppose that
would be a judicial question.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend there is
nothing in any supposed objection of the Sen-
ator, but if he insists on his opposition let the
bill go over.
Mr. DAVIS. I much prefer that that course
should be taken.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I will not resist the mo-
tion. 1 do not want to take up the time of the
Senate. The Senator moves that it be post-
poned.
Mr. DAVIS. I make the motion that it be
postponed until December next.
Mr. IlENDERSON. ( riso to express the
hope that the Senator fi;om Illinois will permit
the bill to lie over. It is an important meas-
ure, and we scarcely have time to consider a
measure of this character now.
The motion to postpone until the next ses-
sion was agreed to.
APPROVAL OF BTLl.S.
A message from the President of the United
Slates, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had
approved.and signed, on the 27th instanL, the
following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 20) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the States of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast ;
A bill (S. No. 21 i) to incorporate the Gen-
eral Hospital of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. o()9) to authorize Samuel
Stevens, a Stoekbridge Indian, to enter and
purchase a certain tract of land in the Stoek-
bridge reservation, Wisconsin ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) to provide
for the publication of the Official History of.
the Rebellion; and
A joint resolution (S. R. Ng. 117) for the
relief of Charles M. Blake.
MIMTAlty PHAGE ESTABLISHMENT.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendment to the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
Slates, disagreed to by the House, and
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
/loiolvctl. That the Senate further insist upon its
amendments to the amendments of the House of
I. eprcseiitatirea to tho said bill disagreed to by the
i U.T' a1"' t0 il)0 Hirthcr conference asked by
tne llonsc on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate bo appointed by tho President pro tempore.
'1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Wilsox, Mr. Haiuus, and Mr. Nesmith.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
Tho SenatP proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 791) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending June SO, I860,
and for other purposes, disagreed to by tho
House, and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Mtealved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to tho said bill disagreed to by tho House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the Houso on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Fessexden, Mr. Henderson, and Mr.
Buckalew.
HOUSE BILLS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
permission of the Senate the Chair will present
two bills which are on the table, from the House
of Representatives, for the purpose of refer-
ence.
The bill (H. R. No. 815) supplemental to
the act to appropriate money for postal ser-
vices was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONNESS. That bill need not be re-
ferred. I hope it will lie ovcr'for the present,
subject to be called up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued.
The bill (II. R. No. 032) to authorize the
building of a military and postal railroad from
Washington, District of Columbia, to the city
of New 5fork, was read the first time by its
titie.
Mr. DAVIS. Is that bill regularly before
tho Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is reg-
ularly here; it comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives.-
Mr. DAVIS. Is it regularly before the Sen-
ate upon any question ?
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Only for
formal reading; and it can have but one read-
ing each day if there be objection.
Mr. CUES WELL. I object to the second
reading of the bill.
The PRESIDENTprofempore. The second
reading o( the bill is objected to ; it is laid
aside.
ftlKSXAUli fko.ii the itotjcse.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the second committee of con-
ference on the-disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 780) to protect
the revenue, and for other purposes, and had
unanimously agreed to the change in the text
of the bill as proposed by tho committee.
STATUE OF AKIAIIAM LINCOLN.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up tho joint
resolution (II. II. No. 197) authorizing a con-
tract with Vinnic Ream' for a statue of Abra-
ham Lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
taken up.
Several Se.yators. Oh, let us vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators say, "Oh, let us
vote." The Question is about giving awav
510,000. ^
Mr. CONNESS. Taking it up is not giving
money away, I hope.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is, I say, about
giving away §10,000; that is tho proposition in-
volved in tins joint resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. For a statue.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says "for a
statue"—an impossible statue, I say; one
which cannot be made. However, I am not
going to say anything on tho merits now ; that
will come at another time if the resolution is
taken up. I ask for the yeas and nays on tho
question of taking up.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am somewhat sur-
prised to hear the Senator from Massachusetts,
who professes to be not merely an amateur but
a connoisseur in art and an admirer of beauti-
ful things and a person understanding them
well, object to a proposition of this kind. Mas-
sachusetts has done much in the way of the
encouragement of art in our country, and we
are grateful to her for it. Vv <\ are all informed
that the person who makes this proposition to
us is an artist.; she has evinced her skill. Now,
1 say it is the business oi a Government to
adorn and beautify its public halls, to com-
memorate its great public men. I have had
occasion to observe that as regards this partic-
ular tiling she has produced the only true rep-
resentative of the man, I having been more
conversant with him, perhaps, than any one
on this floor, showing her superior skill in art
and natural genius; and I think that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, coming from the
Athens of this Republic, "the hub of the
universe," should make no objection to this
proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Conness, Cowan, Creswell, Doolittle, Foster, Guth-
rie, Howe, Johnson, Lane, McDougall, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross, Sprague, Stewart,
Trumbull, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Edmunds, Henderson, How-
ard, Kirkwood, Morgan, ltiddte, and Sumner—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cranio, Dixon,
i'essenden, Fowler, Grimes, Harris, Hendricks, Mor-
rill, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Van Winkle, Wil-
loy, and Wright—16.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 197) authorizing a contract with Vinnie
Ream for a statue of Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. Some evenings ago, sir, I
made an attempt to secure an appropriation
of $10,000 in behalf of worthy public ser-
vants in one of the Departments of this Gov-
ernment. In presenting that case it -was my
duty to exhibit something of their necessities.
I showed you how this money was needed to
enable them to meet the expenses of living,
which, as we all know, have been constantly
increasing, while the value of money has been
decreasing. I showed you also that they had
earned this money by the work they had done.
After ample discussion, running over several
evenings, the Senate chose to vote down that
proposition and refused to appropriate §10,000
to bo distributed among public servants who,
as I insisted, had earned it by faithful labor.
In refusing it you acted on a sentiment of
economy. It was urged that at this time the
Treasury was so much drawn upon that we
could not make or should not be justified in
making any such appropriation, and that if it
was made, then we should be obliged to make
it in other cases, and there would be no end to
the drain upon the Treasury. You all remem-
ber the argument on that occasion, and also
the result. The proposition was voted down.
Now, sir, a proposition is brought forward
to appropriate that identical sum of $10,000
to be applied to the production of a work of
art. I speak of it now in the most general
way. _ If there was any assurance that the
work in question could be worthy of so largo
a sum, if there was any reason to imagine
that tho favorite who is to £be the beneficiary
under this resolution, was really competent to
execute such a work, still, at this time and un-
der circumstances by which we are surrounded,
I might well objcct to its passage simply on
reasons of economy; surely this argument is
not out of place. I present as my first objec-
tion to this proposition the consideration of
economy. Do not, sir, wastefully, inconsid-
erately, heedlessly give away so large a sum
of money. If you are in the mood of appro-
priation on this scale, select some of those
public servants who have been discharging
their laborious duties on an inadequate com-
pensation, and bestow it upon them. Be just
before you are generous. Do that rather than
become at this hour patrons of art. 1 hope
that I do not treat this question too gravely.
You treated the proposition to augment the
compensation of public servants in the State
Department very gravely. I but follow your
example.
But, sir, there is another aspect of this ques-
tion to which you will pardon mo if I allude.
I enter upon it with great reluctancc. I am
unwilling to utter a word that would bear hard
upon any one, least of all upon a youthful
artist where sex imposes reserve, if not on her
part, at least on mine ; but when a proposition
