286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
And here, sir, permit me to say in conclu-.
sion, that while I do not pretend to speak for
the President upon this or any other question,
I have the greatest confidence in his patriotism
and fidelity, and believe he is actuated by the
purest and highest motives to do the best for
Vis country. "Gentlemen upon the other side
are continually endeavoring by every means in
their power to convince the country that the
majority of this House are opposed to the Pres-
ident and his policy. It is time to make out
such a ease when the facts exist to warrant it,
for they do not now. New questions are con-
tinually arising upon which the President and
each member of this House has a right to, and
should, act independently and for the greatest
good to the greatest number after a careful and
conscientious examination of the whole case;
and it would be strange, indeed, if even here
there could be harmonious action always upon
all these important and new questions.
Upon details we may differ. It cannot be ex-
pected that upon all questions that will arise or
that force themselves upon us—new questions
that never before have been presented—we can
come to the same conclusion as to all effects
and bearings in the future, yet the great pur-
pose of the majority of this House is to secure
the greatest good to our common country, and
stand'together with the President to heal, re-
store, elevate, and ennoble by doing justice to
all. He l;no\vs what the Union has cost and
by what people it has been saved. He knows
the temper and spirit of those who sacrificed in
its behalf, around whose hearthstones there is
deep lamentation and mourning because loved
ones are gone and do not return, lie knows
who, when the skies were co\ered with thick
darkness, and the cloud of battle and defeat
gloomed about us, stood steadfast and made
him strong in his purpose and hope of final
triumph. And ho knows they are still able to
sustain and carry him through his present hour
of trial, while lie continues to aid in solving the
great problem before us, and securing union,
liberty, and justice, the legitimate results of the
great conflict, for all coming time. His patri-
otism has been tried as by tire. Ilis devotion
to country needs no monliou fiom me, for it is
one of the most .sublime features of the recent
struggle for the. nation's life, and will fill a bright
page iniUhisloiy. With moderation, generosity,
and due consideration t>f the great, questions to
besolvid; with ail earnest purpose to stand
together in tlio rigid, :is it shall be given us to
see the right, we shall, ile(> by step, advance
toward the grand consummation of all our loyal
hopes, anil onr starry banner wave o\er a uni-
ted people lilting our broad land from shore to
shore.
Mr.CLAUKE, of Kansas. Asthe hour is late
and I do not de.-ire to go on now, 1 am willing
that the House shall adjourn, [Cries of i\'o!"
" N'o!"]
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee notified the House that he
would bring tliis question to a vote at half past
three o'clock to-morrow, and there are a. num-
ber of gentlemen who desiie to speak.
Mr. COXKLIXG. 1 think we had better go-
on. It wants a quarter to four o'clock.
Mr. CLARKE, ol Kansas. Well, if any gen-
tleman desires to speak to-night, 1 will yield to
him with the understanding that 1 am to have
the floor to-morrow.
amendmext to tiih constitution.
Mr. LAWRENCE. of Ohio, In unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution propos-
ing an amendment, to the Constitution of the
L nited Slates ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
LA.XD (J HAST TO IOWA.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Pacific Ilailroad, re-
ported a bill to amend an act for a grant of
lands to the State of Iowa m alternate sections
to aid in the conjunction of railroads in said
State, approved May 12, 1801; which was read ii Land Claims.
a first and second time, recommitted to the
committee, and ordered to be printed.
georce 0. johnson.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the relief of George
C. J ohuson ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
charles f. anderson.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Charles F.
Anderson ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
land grant to west virginia.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, in-_
troduccd a bill granting lands to the State of
West Virginia, to aid in the construction of rail-
roads ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
navy-yard in maryland.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was road,
considered, and agreed to :
linohcd. That tlic Superintendent of tlio office o*
the United States Coast Survey tarnish to tliis House
a statement of the advantages, if any, that the Pa-
tux'cnt river, in the State ui' Maiyland, possesses for
the establishment of a national navy-yard, stating
the depth of water in which a proper harbor can bo
reached in said river, giving a description of such
harbor, its size and soundincs, whether or not ob-
structed by ice in the winter, its facilities for defense
in time of war, its distance from the city of V, ashins-
ton, the nature of the laud adjacent thereto, and such
other tacts in connection therewith as may bo known
to such Superintendent.
missourt tolt'ntei3rs.
Mr. ANDERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint lesolution for the benefit of
certain volunteer troops of Missouri wdio served
during the war; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
bounties.
On motion of Mr. PERIIAM, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Invalid Pensions
were discharged from the further consideration
of the bill of the House (No. lit!) grunting
bounty and additional bounty to soldiers, sea-
men, and marines, in the wai of IMG I. or their
heirs, and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
william .m'clure.
Mr. PERITAM also, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, made
an adverse report on the petition of William
MeOlure, of Jefferson county, West Virginia:
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
the french exposition.
Mr. RAVMONI), by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions of the Chamber of Com-
merce of New \ork in regard to the French
Exposition, and moved that they be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
Mr. CONKLIN'G. I hope my colleague will
assure the House that the reference of these
resolutions to a committee will not commit the
House or operate as an instruction to the com-
mittee. I have been afraid, ever since yester-
day morning, that presenting resolutions for
reference does commit somebody.
1 ilr. RAYMOND. I assure my colleague that
! there is not in these resolutions any phiase which
| can possibly beget the suspicion, as his did, that
| they can be so construed.
; Mr. CONKLING. I am very much obliged
\ for the assurance. I was afraid that the refer-
! once of the resolutions might commit us in some
way.
Mr. Raymond's motion was then agreed to.
A. At. ,ii;p-s.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill granting lands to A. M. Jess,
of Oregon ; which was read a first and second
time, ami referred to the Committee on Private
pension laws.
Mr. KUYKENDALL, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill amendatory of the gen-
eral acts regarding pensions; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
evening session.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a privileged motion.
As there are several members who desire to bo
heard on the bill which has been under discus-
sion to-day, and some of them probably will
not have a chance to do so should the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr. Wil-
son, of Iowa] call for a vote at half past three
o' clock to-morrow, I move that the House take a
recess until half past seven o' clock this evening,
for the discussion of that bill only.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it would be better
to take a recess until to-morrow at noon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind gen-
tlemen that a few moments ago when he made
the inquiry whether any one desired to speak
this afternoon no one appeared ready to do so.
Mr. STEVENS. As the best way to decide
the matter, I will move to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH. 1 will withdraw my motion for
& recess.
Mr. STEVENS. As that decidcs the matter,
I will -withdraw my motion to adjourn.
jami2s e. iiorsmax.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of James E. Hors-
man; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
soldiers' asylum ix missouri.
Mr. NOELL,byimanimous consent, also sub-
mitted the foiiowingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of Concuss
making an appropriation for the State of Missouri,
for the purpose of purchasing a suitable site and build-
ings, to be used.as an asylum tor the loyal soldiers of
Missouri, volunteer? and militia, disabled in the ser-
vice of the United States, and that said committee
report by bill or othenvise. -
ct'xstjs report manufactures.
Mr. I10GAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the follow ing resolution ] which was read?
considered, and agieed to:
Rfiohcd, That the Secretary of the Interior be re-
quested to havn compiled in tabular form a statement
showing the ajr^re^nto amount of manufactures, of all
kinds, in each city and village in the United States
having a population of ten thousand persons and up-
ward, as shown by the eoneus of LSGO; the statement
to exhibit theeapital and the number of persons em-
ployed in said manufactures, as well as the value of
the product* theicof, and the number of perr-on* re-
siding in said cities and villages respectively, and to
transmit the same to this House.
railroad in calirouxt\ axt) oregox.
Mr. PPJCE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Pacific Jlailroad, reported
hack Ilouso hill Mo. granting lands to aid
in the consti ncfiun of a lailroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in Cali-
fornia, to Poitland, in Oregon ; and moved that
the same be printed and recommitted to "the
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
si1ip art uxiox.
Mr. RTCE. of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution to change
the name of the ship Art Enion to the name
! of (leorge M. Barnard, and asked the imme-
diate action of the House thereon.
Mr. ELIOT. I object. I cannot consent to
have this joint resolution passed vyitliont its bo-
i ing first considered by the Committee on Com-
! merce.
1 Mr. IlICE, of Massachusetts. _ This is not a
! commercial ship, hut a State ship, attached tQ
' the State reform school.
I Mr. El JOT. Then I withdraw my objection.
' The joint resolution was then read a firt-t and
, second time, ordered to be engrossed for a
I third reading; and being engrossed, it was ac-
I ccrdingiy read the third time, and passed.
