3270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
der, Hale, Aaron Harding, Holmes, Demas Hubbard,
Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall, Mar-
ston, Mercur, Moorhead.Niblack,Nicholson,Perbnm,
Pike, Samuel J. Randall, Hitter, Rogers, Rollins,
Ross, Sit^roaves, Strouse, Tabor, Thornton, Trimble,
Trowbridge, and Winficld—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amep,Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bca-
man, Benjamin, Bingham, Boutwell, Brooinall, Cobb,
Cook, Cuilora, Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Dnggs, Dumont, Kiiol, lrarciuhav, Uavlield,
Hayes, Henderson, Hooper, Asahel Yf. Hubbard,
John II. llubbard, Hulburd, Ingersol), Jcnckcs, Ju-
lian, Kasson, Kelley, Ketcham, Kuykendail, Laflin,
Latham. George V. Lawrence, Loan. Longyear, Mc-
Clurgr, MeKee, MeRuer, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pomeroy, Price, Raymond,
John II. Rice, Sawyer, Sehcnck, Shellabarger, Spald-
ing, Stilwell, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Up-
son, Robert T.Van Horn.Ward, Henry D.Washburn,
William B.Washburn, Welker, Wentworth.AVhaley,
Stephen F, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson. James M.Ash-
ley, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Brande-
gec, Buekland, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W, Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Coffroth, Conkling, Culver, Darling,
Delano, Doming, Eckley, Eggleston, Farnswortn,
Ferry, Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold, AbncrC. Hard-
ing, Hanib, Hurt, Iligby, Hill, Hogan, llotchkiss,
Chester D. llubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbeil, Ja,mes R,
Hubbell, Jones, Kelso, William Lawrence, Lynch,
Marvin, McCuliough, Melndoe, Miller, Morrill, New-
ell, Nocll, Patterson, Phelps, Piants Radford, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Alexander IT. Riee, Rousseau,
Scofield, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stevens,
Taylor, Thayer. Van Aernam, Buit Van Horn, War-
ner, iHlihn B. Wasiibuinc, Williams, James F. Wil-
son, and Wrjght—b'J.
So the motion to reconsidcr was not laid on
the tabic.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa, said: On all votes
upon this bill t am paired wilh tho gentleman
from Pennsylvania, Mr. Scofield. if he were
here he would vote against laying the bill on
the table, and I should vote in favor of that
motion.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. KAN D ALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
that this bill may be recommitted, so that it
may be amended in the manner pruposed by
me when it was heretofore under considera-
tion; that is, so as to provide that the educa-
tional matters shall be under the control of
the Scciefary of the Interior, wilh two or three
additional cicrk.s, suOieient to perforin the du-
ties contemplated. That seems to mc prefer-
able to the bill as it stands.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offered to consent to
mi amendment of the bill, so as to provide for
a bureau instead of a department; butlUc gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania objected. I trust
the bill will not be recommitted; for if that be
done, it cannot be reached again this session.
If the House should pass tho bill in its present
form, the committee will endeavor, and will
no doubt be able, to secure in the Senate an
amendment providing for a bureau to bo un-
der the control of the Secretary of the Inte
rior. I hope the previous question will be
seconded.
Mr. DAWES. I ask tho irentleman from
Ohio whether he thinks it will add to tho effi-
ciency ot the bill to change its name from a
department to a bureau, 'l'hat is not the
objection to the bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It is a
distinction without a difference.
Mr. DAWES. That is not tho objection to
the bill. It is objected to on broader ground.
Mr. GAUFIELD. 1 have promised to call
tho previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to vote for this meas-
ure ; but I must say, in looking at tho bill it
seems to me it should be recommitted with
authority to report at any time, to the end that
the gentleman may enlarge the basis upon
which the bill stands, to make the idea upon
which it is based more efficient and valua-
ble. I voted for the motion to reconsider, and
I shall_vote for any measure of this kind that
is efficient. *1 hope the gentleman will eon-
sent to have the bill recommitted.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I know the
object the gentleman seeks to accomplish, and
I would cheerfully unite with him in accom-
plishing it if it were now practicable. I should
be glad to see the Bureau of Agriculture con-
solidated with this and a general bureau of
statistics added, but I do not believe the House
would consent to it at this time. If gentlemen
arc unwilling to pass the pending proposition
they would be still more unwilling to enact a
more comprehensive measure.
We ask the passage of this bill, which pro-
vides for a commissioner and three clerks for
the purposes mentioned in the first section, at
the earnest request of the school commission-
ers of several of the States. It is an interest
that has no lobby to press it'§ claims. It is the
voice of the children of the land, asking us to
give them all the blessings of our civilization.
1 hope that tho, instinct which has moved the
other side of the House to vote solidly against
this liberal and progressive measure will at
least induce this side to save it from defeat.
I will not take the time of the House to discuss
it, but will trust to the sense of duty among the
liberal men of the House and to the manifest
justice of the bill itself.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman to yield to me.
Mr. GARFIELD. I must call for the pre-
vious question. I promised a gentleman who
has a bill pending that I would not yield.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to a question of order. As a member of the
committee, I have certainly the right to be
heard.
The SPEAKER. Not if a majority of the
IIousc seconds the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the previous question will not be seconded.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
48, noes 14.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ancona
and Gaiifield were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 52, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tho, yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 7(3, nays 48. not voting
58 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Alio}', Allison, Ames, I>clos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, .Baker. Baldwin, Banks,
llidwell, Bingham, liuutwell, Broomall, Bundy,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, "Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Garfield,
Hayes, Henderson, lloopcr, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Demns llubbard, John H. llubbard, Ilulbtird, In^cr-
soll, Jenekes. Julian, Kelley. Kelso, Ketcham, Kny-
kendall, Lonsyear, Lynch. McClurg, McRuer.Moor-
liead, Morrill, Morris, Mou I ton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Price, William IT. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Sawyer, Schenck, Shei-
la barger, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas. Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Acrnam, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
W illiam li. Washburn. Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windoin, and Wcodbridee—1itj.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Barker, Ilea man, Boyer,
Bromwell. Buekland, Dawson, Defrees, Denison, El-
dridffe, Knelt, Glossbrenner, (Jridcr, Hale, Aaron
Harding. Abner C. Harding, Hogan, Holmes, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Kasson, Kerr, Laflin,* Latham,
(Jeorgc V. La,wrence, bo Blond, Loan, Marshall,
Maiston, McCullougli, Mercur, Niblack, Nicholson,
Pcrham, Pike, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers, Rollins. Ross, Sitgreaves. Strouse, Taber,
Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, and Winfield—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baxter, Ben-
jamin, Bergen, Blaine. Blow, Branrlogec, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coffroth. Conk-
ling, Culver, Darling,Davis, Delano, Doming, Driggs,
Eekley. Farnsworth, Ferry, Goodyear, Grinnell.Gris-
wold, Harris, Hart, Higby, Hill, Hotchkiss, Chester
I). Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Ilubbeil,
Jones, William Lawrence, Marvin, Melndoe, MeKee,
Jtiller. Newell, Nocll, Patterson, Phelps, Plants. Rad-
ford, Rousseau, Scofield, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith,
Starr. Thayer, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu
B. Woshlmrne, Williams, James F. Wibon, and
Wright—5S.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. On that I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PILE and Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 44, not voting
58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwel!. Bromwell,
Broomall, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farciuhar, Garfield, Hayos, Henderson, Hooper, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Chester D.Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kelley,
Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Latham, Longyear,
Lynch, McClurg, MeKee, McRuer, Moorhcad, Mor-
rill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Price, William II.Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice, John II. Rice, Sawyer, Schenck, Shellabarger,
Spalding, Stevens, Francis Thomas, John L.Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Barker, Beaman, Boyer,
Buekland, Dawson, Defrees, Denison, Eldridge,
Finck, Glossbrenner, Grider, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Abner C. Harding, Holmes, Demas Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Kerr, George V. Lawrence, LeBlonc^
Loan. Marshall, Marston, McCuliough, Mercur, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Samuel .T.
Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, and Win-
field—44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson Bergen,
Blaine, Blow, Brandegce, Bundy, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coffroth, Conkling, Cul-
ver, Darling, Delano, Deming, Eckley Farnsworth,
Ferry, Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hart,
Higby, Hill, Hogan, Hotchkiss, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James R. Ilubbeil, Jones, Kasson, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Marvin, Melndoe, Miller, Newell, Noell,
Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Radford, Rousseau, Sco-
field, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Thayer,
BurtVan Horn,Ward.Warner,ElihuB. Washburne,
Willams, James F. Wilson, and Wright—58.
So the bill was passed.
LEAVE OF ABSEXCJ!.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Ferry.
Mr. McKEJS asked and obtained leave of
absence for himself for the remainder of the
week.
HUMBOLDT CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to explain and limit
the act granting the right of way to the Hum-
boldt Canal Company through the public lands
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
army bill.
The morning hour having expired, the House
proceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being House bill No. 301, to reorganize
and establish the Army of the United States,
reported by Mr. Schenck from the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
this will be considered as an original bill,
though it is reported in the nature of a sub-
stitute.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. TheHoug,g has now under
consideration a bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, the former bill having
been rejected and afterwards reconsidered and
recommitted. I propose to have this bill con-
sidered section by section, as was done with tho
former bill.
It will be discovered that the committee has
endeavored to conform this bill to the views,
so far as they could be gathered, expressed by
the House in relation to this matter, by their
votes as they were given when the former bill
was under discussion. I do not propose to
make any opening remarks explanatory of the
general character of the bill in the form it is
now brought before the House, but to endeavor
to expedite the consideration of it by another
and a different proposition. I propose that
the bill which is before tho House as an origi-
nal bill, though it is reported in the nature of
a substitute, shall be held subject to amendment
and to discussion within reasonable limits, and
hoping that I shall not be driven to demand the
previous question even upon any of the sec-
tions, I ask that the discussion may be limited
to five-minute speeches. The House, I trust,
will agree to this proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I must object to that at the
present stage.
