1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MarcfilS,
fovor of the enactment of a national militia
law; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Guernsey county, Ohio, praj'ing that a
pension may be granted to Mrs. Amarilla Cook;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. KIRKWOOD presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of a grant of
lands to aid in the construction of the Iowa
Central railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of
Charles S. llstey, late a captain in the fifteenth
Maine infantry, and subsequently a captain in
the fifth New York heavy artillery, praying to
be allowed the three months' pay proper au-
thorized by the act of Congress, passed March
3, 1865; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
KEP0RTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom>was referred a bill
(S. No. 08) to carry into effect the fourth article
of the treaty of Washington, concluded between
Great Britain and the United States on the 9th
August, 18-12, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to
be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 107) to amend an act entitled "An act for
the admission of Oregon info the Union
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. 11. No. -13) relating to legal-
tender notes;'which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. SlIHIiMAN. I ask thai the resolution
be read in lull, and referred to the Committee
on I'immce.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Hesoivrd !>y the S* awl Home of Jleprexcntativett
in OonarcM ummhled, That the aggregateoutstanding
United .Slates notes not braving interest, including
fractional currency, sha.lt not bo diminished below
$t'20,000,000. That ail surplus in the Treasury exceed-
ing $10,000,000 in coin and $ 10,000,000in eurrcncy shall
bo promptly applied to the payment ol accruing in-
debtedness and to the purchase or payment ut'iiUcreM -
bearing debt of the United Slates. 15ut, the amount
ot interest-hearing legal-tender notes shall not bedi-
rumi:-hrd )>v" payment or conversion at a rate exceed-
ing <?,1,000,tl{)0 per month.
.1. An>/ he it further rrnolved, That this joint
resolution shall remain in force ono year after its
passago.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that that resolution
will bo printed,
Mr. SllERMAN. Twillaskthatitboprinted
if any Senator desires it.
The PRESlDliNT pro tempore. The order
to print will be made if there bo no objection.
I'RINTINO OF A BILL.
Mr. CRESWELL, A week or two ago, I
introduced a bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate
the Metropolitan Mining and Manufacturing
Company. 1 omitted to ask for its printing,
presuming it would be printed under tire rules.
It has not been printed, and I now move that it
be printed.
The motion was agreed to,
A3IBXDML.N1.S TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
, Ileeohed, That the Committee on tlio Judiciary be
instructed to report on or before Thursday next a res-
olution for tile amendment of the Constitution, em-
bracing the following provisions:
1. Predicating representation in the several States
on males over the ago of twenty-one.
2. Apportioning direct taxes among the several
fetates on the actual value of real and personal estate
therein.
Pledging the honor and faith of the country to
the redemption of the loyal national debt, without
In anv way pealmg or reducing its value.
4. Prohibiting the General Government or any
State government from assuming or paying any por-
tion of the confederate debt.
5. Prohibiting the General Government or any
State government from paying for any slave prop-
erty.
I ask the Senate to consider the resolution
now, in order that it may go to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very manifest that
a resolution of that kind cannot be considered
and passed now. This is a resolution of posi-
tive instruction to a committee to report cer-
tain resolutions amending the Constitution. I
reckon it would lead to a month's debate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I thought we had
debate upon them all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And to report them by
Thursday next! It would be, I think, a very
unusual requirement of a committee to pass a
resolution instructing it to report some five
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States within two days.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say that
all these amendments have been discussed be-
foie the Senate and the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator had better
propose them at once, if he understands them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kansas ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolution?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
lies over under the rule.
BRONZE DOORS OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. ANTHONY. 'I submit the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
ltexolved, That tlio Committee on the Libiarybe
instructed to inquire what measures should be taken
for tlio preservation of tlio bron/.e doors now at tho
entrance to tho souiii extension of tho Capitol.
There being no objection, tho Senate pro-
ceeded to consider tho resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Committee on the Library to those
\ery beautiful works of art, the bronze doors,
at the /entrance to tho south extension of the
Capitol. If tlicy had been purposely placed
where they would be soonest destroyed, there
could not havebeen abetterplacc selected than
the one where they now are, in a narrow pas-
sage where thousands of people are passing
every day, rubbing their garments, canes, and
umbrellas againstthe salient points, andanum-
ber of the small pieces of bronze, the swords,
have disappeared from the figures. The feat-
ures of many of the figures have been injured
by this constant abrasion. If those doors re-
main there for a few years longer they will
be utterly ruined. Moreover, they are in a very
bad placc to be exhibited, because they are
folded in the inside of a passage, sothat'no
person can look at them without standing in
the passage-way and thus obstructing the pass-
ers-by. 1 may say that tho Speaker of the
House of Representatives, in whose department
those doors are, is desirous that this resolution
should be introduced, so that it will not be at
all trenching on his prerogative.
Mr. HOWE, I understand that a similar
resolution has been passed by the other House,
directing the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds to inquire into this matter, and
they have tho subject in tlicir consideration. I
do not know how tho fact is. I have just been
told so.
Mr. GRIMES. It belongs to them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there was a res-
olution of that kind introduced, and the com-
mittee reported that a man had been employed
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
attend at these doors and see that they were
not injured. Five hundred men could not pro-
tect them, especially on festival occasions when
the Capitol is crowded. The ornamentation
of the Capitol. I believe, has been under the
charge of the Committee on the Library, and
this comes under that head. Either commit-
tee would be acceptable to me; but I think the
Committee on the Library is the proper one.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on the
Library at the last session passed an order on
the subject, according to my recollection, in-
structing the architect to remove them if he
could find a proper place to put them. I was
then a member of that committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. The order has not been
obeyed. They had better be boxed up than
kept where they are now. They will be ut-
terly ruined in a year or two.
Mr. JOHNSON. The doors are being ruined
as fast as such work can be ruined.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator from
Rhode Island is mistaken in saying that the
whole ornamentation of the Capitol has been
under the charge of the Committee on the Li-
brary. I know a portion of ii was completed
under the direction of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. The Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] who is now sick at home,
was the acting representative of the Senate ana
of that committee. It seems to me this subject
more properly belongs to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds than it docs to
the Committee on the Library. 1 believe such
has been the action, at any rate during the last
five or six years.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am entirely indifferent
as to which committee it shall be referred. I
only want to have the matter investigated. I
accept the amendment if the Senatorfrom Iowa
proposes to insert tho Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. The resolution was
drawn so in the first place, but I thought the
matter belonged to the Committee on the Li-
brary. Let the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be inserted instead of the Com-
mittee on the Library.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho reso-
lution will be so modified at the request of the
mover. '
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask tho Senate to take
up the resolution reported some time ago from
the Committee on Printing for the publication
of the Congressional Dictionary and dispose of
it. It was objected to at the time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of tho
Senate the regular number of copies of tho Diction-
ary of Congress, as revised and brought down to date,
and that the same copyright bo paid the compiler that
was paid to him by resolution of this body adopted
J uno 20,1864.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Printing
what is the "usual number" and how "usual"
it is to print these books? What is meant by
that ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution does not
provide for the printing of tho usual number ;
the language is the'1 regular number,'' the num-
ber printed before. I do not. recollect exactly
what that was, but I think about fifteen hundred.
The "usual number "is a technical number; it
is fifteen hundred and fifty,which gives one copy
of a document to each member of Congress,
head of aDepartment, and foreign minister, and
a certain number to the Secretary, and a cer-
tain number to the document-room of each
House. That is a technical term. This means
the same number that was printed before.
Mr. GRIMES. On the passage of this reso-
lution I desire to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
what will be the price of this book. What will
the gentleman who compiles this book get?
Mr. ANTHONY. He gets a dollar a copy.
Mr. SHERMAN. For his services?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. How much will it be alto-
gether?
Mr. ANTHONY. Thirteen hundred and fifty
dollars, I think.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
from some Senator—perhaps the Senator from
Rhode Island, can give us the information or
enlighten me—as to the benefit of this publica-
tion. I believe it purports to give something
in the way of biographies of Congressmen and
