1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
Senators, in which the whole transactions of a i
Senator's life are put within about the space of j
half the length of your finger. 1 should like to |
know what is thensc and whatis theproprietv of j
paying from the public Treasury for that. 1 think 1
printing and publishing the biographies of Con- j
gressmen at the expense of the Treasury, and ;
doing it by a resolution, is rather a question-
able piece of legislation. Of course, I know
nothing about the parties who hare gotten this
book up. I have seen some copies of it. I
have been furnished with some. 1 cannot con-
ceive what useful purpose it serves or why it
should be continued. I believe, if my recol-
lection serves me rightly, that last year there
was considerable difficulty, particularly in the
House of representatives, before Congress
authorized this publication ; and I remember
that a disputation got into the newspapers be-
tween 1he publisher and a distinguished mem-
ber of Congress, in which it was undertaken to
be shown that a member of Congress opposed
it because a very lengthy biography of him
which had been prepared with great care had
not appeared ; which of course he denied. I
undertake to say nothing about the truth of it;
but it seems to fac of all the publications
authorized by Congress for which the public
money is spent, at a period when we have none
to spare, when we are not paying the current
expenses of the Government from the taxes
collected, this is the most wasteful, unneces-
sary, unfounded, imprudent, and shameful.
Now, sir, there may bo gentlemen v, ho li\e
for fame during their lives, and there may be
others, and doubtless there aie, who wish for
posthumous fame. It does not appear to me
that they will ever get either sort by this pub-
lication. If I were called upon to write the
biography of the Senator from Rhode Island,
I think I could do it very much better from my
present knowledge of him than I find it in this
book. If I knew who wrote the biography that
appears of me in it, I think 1 should be his
enemy for life, [laughter,] because il is simply
a little collection of what is not the fact. But
1 care nothing about that. What, appears, or
does not appear about your humble servant,
Mr. President, he is entirely careless about.
But I cannot understand why the public money
should be used now (and I do not speak these
things to cultivate public sentiment) to author-
ize the annual publication of this book, or, to
indorse the language that is used in this reso-
lution, ''the usual number" to be published of
a book of this kind, which contains no useful
information. 1 open this book at a biography in
manuscript of Hon. .1 oscph R. Chandler, a for-
mer member of the House of Representatives.
Hind a great many corrections and annotations
hero. I think il would perhaps be well enough
to refer this book to the Committee on the Li-
brary or to a special committee to examine it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Or the Committee on
Mines and Mining.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir. I think you might
mine this book down to the bed rock and not
find the color. This is tlie language of miners.
That is what they say when they can find no
gold, when there is nothing that they find that
is worth looking for. I wish it were referred
to that committee.
There is a great deal of manuscript hero in
the shape of corrections. Now, whether this is
done by the assent of gentlemen or not. I do
not know. I am sure 1 would have uotning to
do with either making a statement of facts con-
nected with my life, such as it has been, for
publication or with correcting errors. I nope
that not a cent will be appropriated for print-
ing and continuing this book.
'Mr. AN IlIONY. This publication has been
twice or three times printed by Congress, and
there has always been a fight over it. The com-
mittee assume'd from the decision that the Sen-
ate bad come to heretofore that it would piiut
it again. There has been a great deal of labor
expended upon it. A great many corrections
and a great many additions have been made to
it, ar.d'if it is north printing at all. it is better
now than ever before.
Mr. GRIMES. In what year was it printed
before ?
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 do not remember, but
it has been printed twice since 1 have been in
Congress.
Mr. EESSENDEN. We purchased a cer-
tain number of copies.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very likely ; that is the
same thing.
Mr. RIDDLE. The Committee on Printing
carefully considered this proposition and unan-
imously came to the conclusion, for reasons
which I think will satisfy the Senate, that this
book should be revised and reprinted. Whether
it was right or wrong to print them in the first
instance is another question. The argument
of the Senator from California applies to that
question. Every editor in the United States
and everv library has the last edition of this
book. There are many nun-curacies in it. Per-
sonally, I know nothing of Mr. 1.annum. I
have seen him 1 think twice in my life. Sen-
ators have told mi1 that there were inaccuracies
in the present edition, it is not a book of eu-
logies, aslhe Senator from California intimated,
but il is a book purporting to contain facts, and
when a Senator or a man who has ever been in
the Senate or in the other House dies, the edit-
ors throughout the country publish what is set
forth in this book in regard to him. Now, all
that I want is to have, a correct history of the
lives of our public men, so that when unfortu-
nately a Senator or Governor or President or
any man shall die, the editors and libraries of
the country shall have an edition of this book,
giving a true history of the deceased. What
will it cost the Government? About fifteen
hundred dollars. That, is all that will be re-
quired to coircet the eirors which exist in the
original book. No man could make a perfect
.book of this sort in the first, instance. no mat-
ter what his resources, no mailer what his in-
struction, no matter what his application. Let
us now give him an opportunity to perfect it and'
give us the opportunity of having the facts of
our lives (not eulogies upon them) published.
You can do that now, to the satisfaction of
your editors, your libraries, and your people
for $1,.r>00. I cannot see how there can be any
objection whatever to the resolution.
Mr. McDOOGALL. Mr. President, to this
publication 1 sent no word of advice as to who
1 was or what I had been; and when asked
a sain for advice 1 have scut no word of ad\iee.
I do not advise in that way. What cannot be
found out of and about me may go unrecorded.
I think it well thai a man should have a father
who was well descended and a grandfather
who was well descended and progenitors who
were such. I think it gives great strength to
those who come after us. It gives them a law
of maintaining the right, and to be well de-
scended to my great great grandchildren would
be an honor. To be a Senator or Representa-
tive in the Federal Congress is a mark of the
dignity of the nal ion, and for this it is sufficient
to publish this book.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 1-j ; as follows :
YT^AS—Messrs. Anthony,Buelialow, Creswell, Da-
vis, Doolittle. Foster, llarns, 11< ndricks, ttowe.Lane
of Indiana, McDoa^all, Morgan, Morrill, Ncsmith,
Norton, Poland, llamsey, Kiddie, Sprague, Stewart,
Stockton, and Van Winkle—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Chnndier, Connor, Oraain. "Fcs=en-
den, Giimes, Guthrie. Kirkwond, Lane of Kansas,
I'omcroy. Salisbury, Sunnier, Trumbull, "Wade, Wil-
ier, and Wit-ou—to.
ABsEXT—Messrs. Brown. Clark, Cowan. Dixon,
Foot, Henderson, Howard, Johnson, Nye, Sherman,
'William;, Yv'ri.'dn, and Yates—l-'l.
So the resolution was adopted.
MKSSAflE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by ""Mr. MePmxtsox. its Cleik. an-
nounced that the House of Representatives
had passed a bill (II. R. No. U2) directing a
district court to be held at the city til Erie,
in the State of Pennsylvania, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that fne
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 01) to establish certain post roads.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (II. 11. No. 61) to establish certain
post roads; and
A bill (H. R. No. 105) to extend the time
for the withdrawal of goods for consumption
from public store and bonded warehouse, and
for other purposes.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate now
proc.eed to tl^g consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Seriate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 74) for the
admission of the Stale of Colorado into the
Union, the pending question being on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. StoiXKitJ to insert at the
end of section two the following proviso:
Provided, That this net shall not take effect exeopt
upon the luudamental eonditiou that within the
State there shall bono denial of the elective fran-
chise or of any other rights oil account of color or
race, hut all persons shall lie ctjual before the law,
anil the people ot the Territory shall, by a majoiity
of the voters at public meetim-'.s lobe convened by
the Governor ot'tho Territory, decdarethcu' assent to
this fundamental condition, and the Governor shall
tian.-mit to the 1'iesident of the United States an
authentic statement of such assent whenever the
same shall be siveu: upon the receipt ivhereof ho
shall, bv proclamation, announce the fact; where-
upon, without any further proceedings on thoparfcof
Congress, this act shall take ClYeU.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, at the
close of the remarks made yesterday by the
Senator foin Massachusetts, [Mr. ScMXEll,] I
desired to make a brief reply ; but the Senate
went into executive session, and the bill was
laid over until to-day. I understand now the
Senate are anxious to take a vote on the sub-
ject, and I do not care to make any extended
remarks. Some of the objections urged by the
Senator from Massachusetts, I have no doubt,
force themselves upon the conviction of every
Senator. It is a fact that this Territory of Col-
orado has not a large population, and that it
did not come within the time prescribed by the
enabling act. All those facts that the Senator
related are for the most part true; but I desire
to say a few words in alleviation of those facts.
Ill "the first place, it must, be boine in mind
that the election undei the enabling act, sub-
mitting to the people of Colorado the question
whether they would have a State government
or not. came otf in September. 1804; and we
ought to hear in mind what was the condition
of Colorado ami the country at that time. If
they had been called to the polls at any other
period, they would not only have polled a larger
vote, but they would have undoubtedly polled
a larger majority in favor of the constitution;
but at that time"their young men were almost
all in the military service. No State volun-
teered as Colorado did. in proportion to its
population. In the next place, a draft was
being enforced upon the States at that time,
and the people of Colorado who had volun-
teered so largely supposed if they formed a
State organization at that time, in addition to
their volunteering, there would be a draft en-
forced upon them: and that dcteired a great
many from voting for the State constitution at
that election. I shall never forget the services
Colorado rendered in the field, because one of
her regiments was down on the border of my
own State in that month under the command
of General Curtis : and I was with them at the
lime of Price's invasion. More eliieiont ser-
i ice was never rendered anywhere to any State
than those troops from Colorado rendered to
my own State. They prevented that invasion,
and saved the State. That regiment had then
served out ils full term of three years, mid the
men were entitled to be mustered out; but they
would not be ir astered out, because there was
