THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe that if we pro-
ceed with its consideration we can dispose of
this bill in a few minutes, but if it goes over
until to-morrow it will take another day.
Mr. WILSON. With the consent of the
Senate I will withdraw the motion; but I sup-
posed, on consultation with several gentlemen,
some of whom now advise the other way, that
it was the general desire that we go into execu-
tive session in order to give time to look into
this question a little more carefully. I have
no doubt it would be better to do so; but at the
same time I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
feeling about the matter. If the majority of
the Senate think that the bill had better go
over until to-morrow, I have no objection;
but I think we ought to finish it to-day and be
done with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be withdrawn by unanimous consent ordy,
the yeas and nays having been ordered. The
Chair hears 110 objection. The motion is with-
drawn, and the question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe there has been a
material change made in that amendment this
morning, and therefore I ask for its reading.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert as a new section the following:
And be it further cnacted, That no person exer-
cising or perforininsf, or undertaking to exercise
or perform, tho duties of any office which by law is
required to bo filled by tho advice and consent of tho
Senate, shall, before confirmation by tho Senate,
roocivo any salary or compensation for Ins services,
unless such, poison bo commissioned by tho President
to fill up a vacancy which lias happened during tho
recess of the Senate, and since its last adjournment
l>y death, resignation, expiration of term, or removal
for nets done or omitted in violation of the duties of
Iiis office; the cause, in easo of removal, to be reported
to tho Senate at its next session.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. As the amendment
offered by the Senator from Illinois slood yes-
terday, I should have very readily voted for it.
I did not think it worth while to go into any
argument on the subject. Tho constitutional
right is very clear, so far as tho appropriation
of money is concerned. We can make any
rules 111 reference to that that we please.
Tho last clause, however, which is now intro-
duced by the amendment this morning is very
objectionable to 111c, and I hope the Senator
from Illinois will withdraw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I preferred tho amend-
ment as it stood yesterday myself, but, several
Senators around me insisted upon having in it
a provision in regard to removals; and I put it
in at their suggeslion.
Mr. J'ESS EX i )K \\ As it stands now I can-
not vote for it with that clause in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope tho Senator from
Maine will now agree with me in the suggestion
that I made the other day, that this" matter
might be put 011 some other appropriation bill
just as well. \V e have at least seven or eight
appropriation bills; this is the first: and it is
scarcely worth while, Mjfcen there is so much
difference among ourselves in regard to the
phraseology of this provision, to put it on this
bill. I hope, therefore, it may be withdrawn
from this bill, and if it, is necessary at all, let
it be put 011 some other bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as that is con-
cerned, 1 cannot control or would not under-
take to control the action of the gentlemen who
have moved it as an amendment to this bill. I
do not see anything very inappropriate about it,
if they choose to move it, because it has refer-
ence to the expenditure of the money and may
very properly be here, if gentlemen insist on
keeping if here. But the proposition as it
stands now has a look that is disagreeable to
ine.
Mr. HENDERSON. It admits the power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to this last
clause requiring the President in case of re-
movals to give his reasons to the Senate. I do
not think we have a right to require that. If
the President^ in the exercise of this power
chooses to'remove persons, we have a right to
say that those appointed in their places shall
not be paid until the Senate has chosen to act
upon their nominations; but to put the Presi-
dent to the necessity in all eases of telling the
Senate, if he nominates another person for an
office, the reason why he does it, is a new thing.
Such a proposition was offered once in the time
of Genera! Taylor by my immediate predeces-
sor. He brought it up over and over again in
a very strongly Democratic Senate. I do not
remember whether they finally voted it down
or not, but if not, they got rid of it; they would
not pass it at any rate, holding to the doctrine
that the President, having the power of removal,
so lon«; as he had it he must exercise his own
discretion about that, and that with reference
to his appointments the Senate would consider
whether they were proper appointments to be
made.
I see no impropriety whatever in saying that
when appointments are made during the recess,
especially those which might as well be made to
the Senate when it is in session, payment to
those appointees shall be deferred until they
have been confirmed. I do not. think there is
anything personal or offensive in making that
rule. The doctrine which has been broached
lately, and a matter conversed about under the
administration of President Lincoln, was car-
ried as far as this: that the President might nom-
inate an officer during the recess of the Senate,
which would hold up to the conclusion of the
next session, and if then he was rejected or
turned out, or at least not acted upon, it was
again a vacancy arising in the recess of Con-
gress, and the President might immediately put
the same man in that, the Senate had refused to
confirm; and thus, in spite of the Senate, in
spite of the constitutional provision, the power
of appointment would rest entirely in tho Pres-
ident, and the Senate was a nullity. I do not
know and do not presume that President John-
son would attempt to do anything of that de-
scription. It is to be presumed he would not;
but President Lincoln did, certainly in one
case. I thought at the time it was exceedingly
improper, and if the doctrine was followed out
and the practice became fixed, that in reality
the Senate would amount to just nothing at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is grossly improper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly. That
was in the case of a judge appointed in this
District. The Senate refused to confirm him,
once rejected him; it was then reconsidered,
and the matter went to the last day of the ses-
sion and he was not confirmed, and imme-
diately after the adjournment of the Senate he
was reappointed by President Lincoln, and he
was afterward confirmed by tho Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was Wylic's ease.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I voted against him
finally, and 1 would vote against any man sim-
ply on that ground: ihat it is an encroachment
upon tho rights of the Senate, and if acceded
to and followed the result is inevitable that
the Senate is no part of the appointing power
which the Constitution makes it. It was done
in another case, and a more gross case, in my
judgment, and that was in the case of General
Blair, who had resigned his command and had
been sworn as a member of the other House;
his resignation had been accepted; and after
the Senate had adjourned, I believe, the Presi-
dent undertook to put him in command of a
corps of the Army.
Mr. J OHNSON, and others. It was during
the session of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "While we we were in
sessionand the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives, by almost unanimous votes, re-
proved the President in fact for doing so. I
remember that I remarked at the time, or
shortly after, when I went into the Treasury
Department, that if it was in my power to do
it—which it was not, because I had no control
over it—he never should have been paid a dol-
lar for the services rendered by him, because
I thought his appointment was in gross vio-
lation of the Constitution.
Now, air, when such things are done and
when sucli doctrines are advanced and claimed,
I think, without any impropriety whatever, Con-
gress may assert their right over the money of
the country, which they have unquestionable
power to do, without infringing upon tho right
of anybody, and say, that where things are
done contrary to tho usual course, done by
whom-they may, they will hold On to the money
until the Senate has had an opportunity to
judge in such easSs. It is an imputation upon
nobody. I do not presume that President
Johnson would do such a thing, or that he will
take any offense at a provision of this kind.
That the President has the power of removal
from office T have never doubted, for the sim-
ple reason that it seems to me to arise from
the necessity of the case; that in the recess of
Congress it may happen, and has happened,
that a man may be guilty of such offenses that
his removal at once becomes absolutely neces-
sary ; and in that case certainly the Pres-
ident should exercise the power; and in that
case, or in any similar case, for any good rea-
son ; in any case, in fact, which did not upon its
face present a gross dereliction of duty and a
violation of the principles of the Constitution,
Congress would not hesitate to pay the money
to the officer appointed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then let me ask the
Senator, why refuse to pay the man? If the
President can constitutionally remove an offi-
cer and then make an appointment, of course
the Constitution gives him a perfect right to fill
the vacancy until the last day of the next ses-
sion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would not refuse to
pay him. I would, whenever the case came
before me, vote to pay him ; but I say that in
view of the principle that has been acted upon
in some cases, and avowed by gentlemen as a
correct principle, that the President can ap-
point during the recess, and when Congress
adjourns, the Senate having rejected that man,
can appoint the same man over again, it is
necessary that we should express our opinion
on such a power. I would have done it before
if I had had an opportunity to do it, and there-
fore, as I would have always acted spoil it, I
am perfectly willing to act upon it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the amendment were
confined to that class of cases it would be all
very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Youeannottellwhether
it is one of that sort until the question comes up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Take the ease of a Cabi-
net minister, or a more exaggerated and harder
case than that, the case of an internal revenue
officer, who is compelled to pay the deputies
out of the fees ; and would you require him to
act until the elose of the next session without
receiving any pay?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think there
need bc_ cases of that description, because the
first assistant of the collector or assessor who
was removed would discharge the duties until
the appointment was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. He cannot use a dollar
of the money. The money is all paid into tho
Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I donot see that any very
great inconvenience would arise. At any rate
I do not feel disposed to argue that point. I
have long felt that with reference to appoint-
ments the power was tending too much in the
direction of nullifying entirely the action of the
Senate, and that it ^\as time we should assert
our own power over the question in some prac-
tical way, and 1 know no way so practical as
this. I had therefore made up my mind to vote
for the amendment if it was presented, although
I would rather have it in some other place than
011 this bill; but of that I do not assume to
judge. But with regard to tho last clause of
{ the amendment as it now stands, that the Pres-
j ident when he exercises the power of removal
shall in all cases be bound to give his reasons
to the Senate, I think it is offensive in its very
! nature and character, and I cannot consent to
vote for it if it stands in that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In my desire to accom-
modate our friends I changed the amendment
