THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
souri River Kailroad Company, and various
other railroad companies, asking for an exten-
sion of the time within which to complete then-
several roads, have had the subject under con-
sideration and directed me to report a bill grant-
ing, substantially, the prayer of the petition.
As the bill consists of only one section,and
simply extends the time eight years, and l am
advised that the companies desire immediate
action on the subject, so that they may know
■whether the time is to be extended or not, Task
for the present consideration of the bill if there
be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 83)
to extend the* time for completing certain land-
grant railroads in fhe States therein named, was
read twice by its title and considered as in Com-
mittee of the W hole. It proposes to extend
the time allowed for the completion of the sev-
eral roads named in the acts approved on the
15th and 17th of May, the 3d of Juno, and
Hth of August, 185(5. granting lands to aid iu
the construction of railroads therein to the
States of Iowa, Alabama, Florida. Louisiana,
and Mississippi, which time will expire by law
in the year 1 SOU j eight years from the dates fixed
by those acts respectively; but the unsold lauds
are to revert to the United States as provided '
in those acts if the railroads are not completed
within the period thus fixed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Has that bill been re-
ported upon by the Committee on Public Lands?
The PRES'iDENTjjro tempore. It has been
reported this morning from that committee.
Sir. MORRILL. it is pretty difficult to un-
derstand much about the bill from simply hear-
ing it read at ihe desk. T will ask if there is
any particular necessity for its being pressed at
the present lime.
Mr. ROMERO V. T was requested by the eom-
mittee to ask that it be put on its passage, as the
parties who are interested in building those
roads desire to know as soon as possible whet her
the time is to be extended or not. Their time
expires this year, 18W>. The, Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. OiuMlis, j within whose State some of these
roads are, is better acquainted with the facts
than I am.
Mr. GRIMES. In 185(>, Congress granted
to the Stale of fowa certain lands to aid in the
construction of four railroads across the State,
and requited the Slate to complete those, road.i
within ten years from that, Sate. During the
same year Congress granted to the States oi
Louisiana, Alabama. Florida, and Mississippi,
certain lands for the purpose ol enabling thost1
States to complete railroads. No one of those
railroads is completed, although the companies
to whom the States Iran.sforred the lands have
used dm; diligence, in the estimation ol" the
committee, iu order to complete them. In
consequence of the war, the increase in the
value of labor, and the increase in the value of
iron and other materials necessary to be used
in the construction of the railroads, they have
not been able to comply with the terms of the
grant that was made to them. All that the.^e
companies have asked, and all that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands propose to grant to
them, isthat they shall be allowed to go on and
complete the roads within the next eighi jeais,
giving tliem that additional length of time.
Mr. HEN DU1CKS. r sugge.st to the Sena-
tor also that this is the same legislation which
was passed at the last session for the benefit of
the roads in Michigan.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 was going to say that Con-
gress had granted a similar extension of time
to other States, at the last session, under pre-
cisely similar circumstances. This bill uoc-'nol
put the Government iu any different position
from what it was before, except that it simply
extends the lime within which these various
roads are to be completed.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not desire to inter-
pose an objection if the subject has received
the careful consideration of the committee,
which it seems to have clone.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill does not grant a foot
of land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a tliird
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
MADISON'S WRITINGS.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on the Library
have directed me to report a joint resolution
for the distribution of the writings 'of JitmeS
Madison. I suppose there is no objection to con-
sidering the joint resolution at the present time.
I ask for its consideration.
Mr. SUMMER. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, which pro-
poses to direct the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary to distribute by mail or otherwise the five
hundred copies of the writings of James Mad-
ison, published by authority of Congress, as fol-
lows: to the President of the United States,
one copy; to the libraries of the different Exec-
utive Departments and of the Postmaster Gen-
eral and Attorney General, one copy each; to
each member of the present Senate and House
of Representatives, one copv; to the Library of
Congress, ten copies; to the libraries of the
several States and Territories of the Union, one
copy each; to such public and college libraries
as may be designated by the present J omt Com-
mittee on the Library, one hundred copies; the
residue to bo retained in the Department of the
Interior.
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose that by "libra-
ries of the several States and Territories of the
Union" is meant the public libraries in those
States.
Mr. HOWE. The State libraries.
The joint resolution (S. R. Mo. 17)^ direct-
ing the distribution of the writings of James
Madison was, by unanimous consent, read three
times, arid passed.
OFFICIAL ADVUltTISKJIESTS.
Sir. WILSON'. I presented the other day a
resolution which 1 now offer in a modified form:
h'r^olrrit. That the Committee on Friiiting be in-
shut-ted to inquire and report,for tin; luioimatum of
the Semite, the amounts which have been paid, or
which will have to be paid, by virtue of anv older
frh en by the vanmi> ilepaitmeuts of (iovernment, or
bv the bureaus thereof, to each of the liensimpers
published in the city of Washington, since Ihe Jth of
March, 1KH.">, and the taws under which these amounts
have been paid, or arc, to be paid. And a ho report if
any legislation is necessary in regard to the publica-
tion ot the udvei tiscments of the (iovernment.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PAUt'LAv's l>f<!i;ST.
Mr. LOOT. I oiler the following resolution:
A'cs-o/zv-r/, That the Secl'etarv be directed to procure
foi (he use of the .Senate se^'ntj-the copies ol the
work known as " i!ar< lay's Digest, 1 The
cost thereof per ropy shall not exceed that paid by
the House of Representatives tor the tame work.
J ask for its present, consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
ill1. SIlLliMANL I should like very much
if the Senatm would add a. eopy ot "Ilickey s
Con.stitution'' for each Senator. Ft i.s tin in-
valuable document, audi should like ^ ery much
to got it. _
Mr. FOOT. Let that be a separate resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. T understood a year ago that
Dickey's Gonslitiitiou was ont of print.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the most valuable
1 compilation iti existence. I would ratherlia\e
; it than Larelay's Digest.
"Mr. OL A UK. They are on entirely different
matters.
iir. FOOT. This is a new edition very rc-
; cer.tly published, enlarged and improved by the
; author. From the examination I have given it,
i I have no hesitation in saying that it is the best
| compilation of parliamentary law and practice
: with which I am acquainted. At the present
time, with the exception of one copy of C'usli-
ing's elaborate woik, there is not at the com-
mand of the Senate a single eopy of any work
whatever upon parliamentary law and practice.
The resolution was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OX VENTILATION.
Mr. BUCK ALEW. I offer the following res-
olution :
Mceolved, That a committee of the Senate be ap-
pointed for the present session, to consist, of five mem-
bers, to be entitled the committee on ventilation, to
which shall be assigned the consideration of all ques-
tions relating to the ventilation and sanitary«condi-
tion of the Senate wing of the Oapilol.
Mr. President, I propose to call up this res-
olution for action in a few days. For the pres-
ent it may lie on the table.
The resolution was laid on the table.
JUDICIAL EXCESSES.
'Mr. CLARIv submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent:
Jiesotved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to ascertain and inform the Senate, (1.) the
names of all persons now authorized by law to aet as
commissioners of the circuit courts of the United
States in the first, second, third, fourth, seventh,
eighth, and ninth indicia! circuits, respectively; (2,)
the wholo amount of money paid to each of said com-
missioners out of the Treahuiy, for services as commis-
sion erg, during the fiscal year ending June30,,18(55, and
in case any such commissioner he a clerk of any dis-
trict or circuit court of the United States, then (3.)
the total amount of commissioners' fees, or costs, ex-
acted in causes pending in andpetitionsmade to said
courts, giving the title thereof, and the amount so
exacted by him in each case, and received therein,
either for himself, or any other commissioner. Also,
that the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to as-
certain and miorm the Senate UJ the total amount of
fees and emoluments of every name and character,
exacted and received by each clerk of the district or
circuit courts of the United States for the aforesaid
circuits during the year ending June SO, 1803, and, if
possible, during the six months ending December 31,
1805, giving the title of each cause, petition, or other
proceeding on which such fees or costs were exacted,
and the amount in each case, distinguishing between
costs and fees of clerks and those of commissioners,
but embracing both; also (2) the amount of fees and
emolumentsofthcirrespective offices returned by each
of said clerks to the proper accounting officers of tho
Treasury during said year 1865.
Mr. SUMNER. I observe that the resolu-
tion is addressed to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Should it not be addressed to the At-
torney General?
Mr. CLARK. I understand not. These
accounts are, 1 think, in the first instance set-
tled at the Interior Department, and then they
go to the Treasury Department, and upon in-
quiry I find that the latter can probably furnish
the information.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
the Attorney General is the officer of Govern-
ment, who corresponds with the persons who
arc connected with the judiciary of our country.
Mr. CLARK. That is very true; but the
Treasury Department is ihe place where the
accounts are finally settled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Attorney General
knows nothing about the accounts ; they do not
go to his otlice.
Mr. CLARK. So T suppose.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
SI) to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Freedmen's Savings and Trust Com-
pany," approved March ; which was read
twice' by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. IS) authorizing the Secretary
i of the Treasury to direct the issue of American
! registers to certain British-built, vessels owned
; by American citizens; which was read twice by
I its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
| meree.
\ Mr. HENDERSONasked, andby unanimous
| consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
• lution (S. R. No. I'.l) for the benefit of certain
' volunteer troops of Missouri who served during
the war; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
j and the Militia.
| Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
| consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
! lution (S. R. No. 21) for the relief of Samuel
i Norris; which was read twice by its title, and
! referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
j Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
[ consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill l.k.
