4232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 27,
art. He is a patron of foreign art; lie ia a
patron of those who copy and ape European
aristocracy, and lie does not propose to patron-
ize or encourage tlie genius which grows up
in our own great country, particularly in the
wilds of the West.
Heie is a young girl of poor parentage,
struggling with misfortune, her father a mere
clerk in a Department here; and by a casualty,
on being introduced into a studio, she mani-
fests great taste and great powers of art, and
in the short experience which she lias had she
has developed wonderful powers in that Hue.
But the Senator from Massachusetts, with all
his learning and all his foreign tastes, is unable
to appreciate anything of that sort.
Sir, I venture to predict that this young lady
will rise to an eminence in the arts, that her
works will yet decorate this Capitol, notwith-
standing the opposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, who, when she lias achieved
success, will be among the first to sing peans
to her praise, and I was about to say that his
children—but I will take that back, as he has
none to speak of, [laughter]—would be among
those who would praise her works and would
cast a mantle over the proceedings of then-
recreant father who had refused to recognize
native genius and native art. But. sir, as the
Senator has remained a bachelor so long, that
is a contingency which is not at all likely to
occur. [Laughter.]
I say, then, there is nothing in the objection
on the score of economy. This young lady de- ;
serves lo be encouraged. I venture to say that
the works she has already produced, which are
on exhibition in this Capitol, and particularly
the bust of Mr. Lincoln, are unequnled. 1 chal-
lenge the Senator from Massachusetts to pro-
duce one of the foreign artists, of whom he
bonsls so much, who can produce the equal of
that bust. I do not pretend to enter into any
competition with the Senator lVom Massachu-
setts on the subject of books, but when it comes
to matters of natural taste and to forming a
judgment in regard to the imitations of natural
objects, 1 assume that my judgment is equal to
his. 1 can tell the height of a mountain, the
length of a river, or the meandering-* of a trail
as well as ho can, and 1 say that my judgment
upon those subjects is equal to his. 1 depre-
cate his panegyrics upon foreign artists in dero-
gation of Lhose raised in our own country, and
particularly those of the great West.
Mr. SUMNEK. Where have I said anything
in praise of a foreign artist in depreciation of
the artists of our own country? lliave alluded
with praise to the artists of our own country.
Mr. NESMIT1I. i heard nothing of that.
I heard the Senator speak with particular ref-
erence to that door which was cast iu Munich.
Mr. SUMNElt. Which is by a western
artist, Mr. Rogers, reared in the West. I give
him praise for what he has done.
Mr. NESMITIL Itwas not cast in the West;
it was cast in a foreign country, at Munich.
Why could not that door have been made in
the United States? 1 ask the Senator that
question. Why should it be necessary to go
to a* foreign country, even if we produced the
genius to mold the door, to produce the
model from which it was cast? Why was it
necessary to send an order to a foreign country
for the production of the door itself? In me-
chanics and in the arts wp are as far advanced
as the countries of Europe, and 1 apprehend
there is 110 reason, except it bo the desire to
gratify a morbid taste, why we should go to
the old countries for these things. 1 appeal to
Senators on this floor, to those who have nat-
ural taste, to those who have an eye for beauty,
as I admit the Senator from Massachusetts has
not, to support this young lady in her efforts to
produce what will be a magnificent statue of
Mr. Lincoln.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I dis-
like much the term '■ charity" that is used by
the Senator from Massachusetts. It is a word
of >ffense when spoken on such an occasion
and about such business—offense to the person
who is the subject of our business. This is not
charity. It has been the custom of all culti-
vated States, from old antiquity, through the
middle ages, and to the present day, to culti-
vate high art illustrating their own people and
institutions, and to encourage their own home
artists. Where high genius is found, it has
been the office of great States to cultivate the
development of thatgenius. Did it not require
the wealth and power of princes to develop
the genius of Michael Angelo, and Titian, and
Guido ? It was so in past times; it has been
so in our time; and we have undertaken to
maintain the poli'cy of a great State and to
cultivate art, among other things. The Em-
peror of Russia gets the first artist there is in
Europe to paint his battle-fields and takes him
up to St. Petersburg. The Emperor of France
competes with him. All the States of Europe
pursue the same policy; and for what? To
illustrate their national history and their na-
tional qualities ; and they have particularly en-
couraged historical paintings ; indeed, a great
picture is a history; so is a great statue a his-
tory.
It is the policy of this Government, a great
Government, to cultivate the same talents in
our own country. 1 am confident that this
young lady possesses genius. She has exhib-
ited it. ller bust of Mr. Lincoln is the only
one that does justice to him. There are plenty
of them about; wo have seen hundreds of them,
but licrs is the only one that has reproduced
Mr. Lincoln as he lived. She lias had the
genius to doit; audit requires genius to do
it; and young genius is just as good as old gen-
ius, and sometimes a little better. I believe
Napoleon was a genius when he was young;
Alexander died when he was young; and a
great many other people accomplished great
results when they weie boys and girls. Pitt
when a mere bo}7, twenty-four years of age.
was Prime Minister of England. 1 he idea that
because a. pei.sou is) ouug a:id lias not attended
the schools of Germany and Trance ho or she
is not fitted for a work of this kind is a false no-
tion. On yonder wall [pointing in the direc-
tion of the painting of the storming of Chapul-
tcpec on the wall leading to the gentlemen's
gallery] is a picture painted by a man who
never took a lesson in drawing, who never took
a lesson in penciling, lie sal alongside of me
as a boy at school on the banks of the North
liver; and he is now aeknowleged to be the
best battle painter there is iit the world.
Several Si:.\'.itoi:s. Who is ho?
Sir. McDO CJGALL. James Walker, the best
battle painter now living, who painted the storm-
ing of Chapultepec oil yonder wall. Though
he never had a drawing-lesson, he drew and
painted admirably when he was a boy. These
things come by the forco of innate conscious-
ness and by the power of giving expression to
that innate consciousness. This young lady is
undoubtedly a lady of marked genius; and she
has proved, so far as the bust is concerncd,
that she has produced the best likeness of Lin-
coln of any person that has attempted it. I
have the light to say so, because 1 was per-
haps better acquainted with Mr. Lincoln in his
life-time than any gentleman on this floor ; he
was a companion of mine many years ago,
with whom I was long familiar. I have not
been satisfied with any attempt to reproduce
his features till I saw the bust produced by this
lady. She has achieved a success, showing that
she has true genius; and if she is young, the
better for her. In five years more she will be
as great a genius as she ever will be, no matter
how long she may live. '' Whom the gods love
die young."
Mr. CONFESS. There arc one or two as-
pects of this case as presented by the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts that I do not
feel like lotting pass without remark. When
this subject was called up heretofore in the
Senate that Senator rose in his place and
offered, not what is regarded as legitimate par-
liamentary opposition, but he joined in a cry
to consider the pension bills. "Consider the
pension bills; do not^turn your backs to the
widows and orphans of this war and vote away
the public money for nothing." "Consider
the pension bills," said the Senator. Well,
Mr. President, the pension bills have been con-
sidered, and the measure is called up again,
and the Senator, the great Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, rises in his place and begins an op-
position to this measure by arraigning the Sen-
ate; arraigning me and every other Senator
here. How, sir? He reminds us that last
evening and the evening before he presented
an application here in behalf of worthy public
servants and that we refused to make the
appropriation, and that the appropriation that
he asked for was equal in amount to the ap-
propriation that we were now about to make
in the most wasteful manner. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, the English of all this is, that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, in his capacity of
chairman 'of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, ha.s endeavored to ingraft upon both ap-
propriation bills, the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill, and then upon the deficiency bill, a
proposition to pay the clerks in the State De-
partment an extra sum for their services and
we refused to agree to it. The Senator did not
state truly—he will pardon me for using that
word—why the Senate refused to accept liis
proposition. It was because the proposition
was sought to be ingrafted upon the appro-
priation bills, and because Senators could not
—no matter how they might concede that the
clerical force of the State Department deserved
an increase of compensation—vote it without
at the same time accepting a like proposition
for the clerical force of the War Department,
of the Navy Department, and of the Treasury
Department. Why, sir, a committee of clerks
from the War Department came here and called
upon me within the last two days half of
whom were on crutches. Their appeal was
hard to be resisted. If a bill should be intro-
duced into Congress lo provide additional com-
pensation for those men I should vote -lor it
with the greatest possible pleasure, but we
could not ingraft it upon appropriation bills.
The Senators having charge of those bills re-
minded us again and again that to load them
down was to destroy and lose them ; and this
was the reason why the Senator's proposition
was not received by the Senate, which in
candor the Senator should have stated.
But he passes from that argument of the
Senate to a very elegant presentation of art,
and he makes that picture look really beauti-
ful and elegant in our view; for what purpose?
For the cruel purpose of making a contrast
with this young lady who comes before us that
we may patronize her; for the purpose of de-
nouncing this appropriation as being made to
an unworthy person, to one not an artist, as a
charity. Sir, the great Senator did himself
but little credit, in my opinion,' when he ar-
raigned this poor girl before this great forum
and denounced this measure as an act of char-
ity. If it were so, his great heart should have
called upon him to have covered it with his
mantle, and not uncovered it hero in this pub-
lic presence. It was not becoming, iu my hum-
ble judgment. '
Again, Mr. President, the Senator should
concede something lo his colleagues in this
body. So member of this body, I apprehend,
is more proud than I am when 1 can agree
with the Senator and support him in his views
and measures; and I am very happy to say on
this occasion that I generally can agree with
the Senator; but the Senator owes in return
for those agreements, in comity, that we shall
not be arraigned here by him and accused of
a spirit of wastefulness simply because we can-
not agree with the Senator. Mr. President,
why should be denounce in advance and con-
demn this girl because she asks that her efforts
in art shall be patronized? How does he know
that she cannot produce a statue? How can
he tell? The money to be spent had better be
thrown away if so, and the Senator have waited
before he pronounced his great condemnation
against the early and difficult efforts of one en-
deavoring to rise and progress in so difficult a
path.
