THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
We were reminded by the Senator that we
had better be just before we are generous.
Well, Mr. President, it is well to be just. Jus-
tice is a great attribute; and so is genero'sity.
I fear that in the name of justice all of us enact
our greatest cruelties. I fear it is so. I can
say for myself that whenever I am enabled to
take a retrospective glance at my life and look
down the path that I have come by, there is
nothing along it that shines out to me so beau-
tifully as the littie generous acts that my rec-
ollection enables me to see as having been
done. I would not blot them out if I were
called upon, as between them and all the other
acts of my life.
We arc here acting in a public capacity.
"We each, I apprehend, endeavor to do ourduty.
I believe we do it; but I would not exchange,
as I said before, those little acts that the world
forgets, that ourselves forget (as we should very
often mostly) for all else put together. And
my idea of the great Senator from Massachu-
setts (by which name I am very proud to call
him and which is so well deserved) is that he-
is never so great as when he rises and speaks
in behalf of generosity, of humanity, when he
exhibits to us the intellect and the affections
in that happy commingling that is the sweet-
est and the most beautiful rule of human life
and action.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I think about
the best thing we could do would be to pro-
ceed to the vote upon this question. I will
remark, however, that I am not liable to the
objection which the Senator from Massachu-
setts offers to the advocates of this bill. I
have stood by him from first to last and voted
for his proposition repeatedly to increase the
salaries of the clerks of the State Department
and of the clerks of theA-arious Departments
of the Government; but is the fact that that
measure has failed a reason why we should
not do justice to another measure?
Sir, 1 am hero to say that I shall vote for
this proposition with the most delightful pleas-
ure. I think I knew Mr. Lincoln as well as
any member of the Senate ; I remember his
features well; and I think that the artist whose
claims are now before the Senate has had as
fine a conception, and in the bust she jias made
has given an exact likeness of Mr. Lincoln. I
have known her a long time. I was intro-
duced to her by friends from her home in the
far West. I know her high character as a
young lady: but not only that, she is a young
lady of extraordinary merit. In a very short
time, in a very few years, she has established
a reputation known to us all. She has taken
the busts and likenesses of Senators and Rep-
resentatives and has succeeded with most ad-
mirable effect; and when I consider her ex-
traordinary merit, when I consider that she is
a young artist, that she is an American artist,
and thai she has displayed remarkable genius,
I almost feel that the Senator from Massachu-
setts is a barbarian [laughter] of the highest
order in attacking this young lady.
Mr. President, I believe that she will suc-
ceed in this work and that she will establish a
reputation for herself; and as I believe it is
our duty to preserve the features of the great
benefactors of our country, I do hope that we
shall pass this measure and pass it cheerfully.
Mr. McDO UGALL. I rise to correct a mis-
take which I made a short time ago. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] was quite
as conversant with the late President, if not
more so than myself, and is as good a judge of
the perfection of the work done by this young
lady artist.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, this is not
a question whether the clerks in the State De-
partment shall bo paid an additional compen-
sation ; nor is it a question of the generosity
of the Government of the United States. The
question of generosity does not arise at all.
There is no doubt that there is a disposition on
the part of the Senate, an<i probably will be on
the part of the House, to order the making of
a statue of President Lincoln.
Mr. WADE. It has already passed the
House.
Mr. HOWARD. I think such a measure will
meet the entire concurrence of the American
people, certainly of that portion of them who
are loyal and who have been loyal, and espe-
oiallythat numerous and magnificent partywho
elected him to office and who sustained him
through his arduous and difficult Administra-
tion. If we are to have a statue of Mr. Lin-
coln—and surely no President sinco Washing-
ton is more deserving of that honor—itbecomes
a mere matter of business, a simple business
transaction, as to whom we shall employ to
execute the work. Shall we seek out and em-
ploy an artist who is known to possess high
talent, one in whom we have confidence, and
as to the result of whose labors there is no
doubt and no risk; or shall we, as prudent
business men, intrust, this task to a person who
is not known as a high and distinguished artist
and who we have not much reason to suppose
will or ever can become eminent as a sculptor?
It is simply, as I said before, a question of
business. If it were foryou or me to contract
for the making of a statue for a deceased friend,
what should we do, supposing we had the moans
for the execution of one worthy of our friend?
Should we take any such risk as gentlemen urge
us to takcupon this occasion ? Should we not
be sure to apply to and employ a person who was
undoubtedly competent to execute tlie task. Sir,
we should. We should run 110 risk whatever, if
we could avoid it; and that is precisely this
ease. I know, perhaps, as much of the ability
of the young lady to whom it is proposed to
give this job as most members of this body. I
have met her frequently, as other members of
this body have done, and surely she has shown
no lack of that peculiar talent known com-
monly as "lobbying" in pressing forward her
enterprise and bringing it to the 'attention of
Senators. I have seen her models of Mr. Lin-
coln ; T have seen and examined the one, espe-
cially, to which reference is most frequently
had ; and although I do not pretend to be a
connoisseur in this kind of art, I am prepared
to say that I never was satisfied with that model.
To me it is monotonous and without meaning
and without spirit. I maybe entirely mistaken
on account of my want of skill and judgment
in such matters; but according to my ideas
the model is an imperfect model, failing in ex-
pression, failing in life, failing in very many
qualities which I should expect in a first-rate
model.
Now, sir, I am willing to vote the sum of
$10,000 for the purpose of securing a good
statue of Abraham Lincoln ; but I am not will-
ing to vote that sum or any other sum to this
person and take the risk of an entire failure in
the end. If this country in its history has ever
produced a statesman, and a great man deserv-
ing to be memorialized in its annals, not only
upon the page of history but in the works of
art, it is Abraham Lincoln. And, sir, it is our
duty, if we undertake to carry forward this
work and secure a statue of that great man, to
do it in the best manner possible, and to em-
ploy the most skillful artist in our own country
or even abroad, if it shall turn out upon inquiry
that we have not an artist of competency among
ourselves; and 1 expect, I confess, having in
view the.youth and inexperience of Miss Ream,
and I will go further, and say, having in view
her sex, I shall expect a complete failure in the
execution of this work. I would as soon think
of a ladv writing the Iliad of Homer; I should
as soon "think of placing at the head of an army
a woman for the conduct of a great campaign.
Mr. COWAN. They have done both.
Mr. HOWARD. It has not been their gen-
eral history.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. They have done it.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir. I would as soon
expect from the pen of a woman the Paradise
Lost or any other great work of genius which
has honored our race.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Did you ever read the
Fragments of Sappho?
Mr. HOWARD I have read the Fragments
of Sappho.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. What do you say about
that?
Mr. HOWARD. That certainly does not
prove that Sappho was capable of writing
Homer's Iliad.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. She exceeds Homer
in many respects.
Mr. HOWARD. In manyrespcets—in erotie
expressions she certainly exceeds Homer.
Whether the proposed work in the pre.serit
case would have a similar merit I cannot say.
But, sir, without trifling on the subject, and
without meaning to say a word in disparage-
ment of this young lady, whom I suppose to be
a young lady of genius, I insist that we are
taking a great risk in intrusting the execution
of this work to her. Let us employ a Powers,
let us employ somebody from whom we have
a right to expect, from what he has already
done, a complete and creditable execution of
a statue of Lincoln and not turn it into the
hands of a person who, after the exercise of
all her genius and all her powers, may miser-
ably fail in the end and we be ashamed of the
appropriation which we are about to make.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see on looking at the
resolution that it, by accident no doubt, fails
to provide that the model for which the first
S3,000 is to be paid shall be completed to the
acceptance of any official, as the statue is re-
quired to be, and therefore I move to amend
i by inserting after the word "placed" in the
eighth line, the words " to his acceptance," so
that the completion of the plaster model shall
be to the acceptance of the Secretary of the
Interior upon which the $5,000 is to be paid,
just as the completion of the marble statue is
to be to his acceptance.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Mr. C0NNESS. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. It is proposed to go into
the market and make a bargain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be glad to have
gentlemen state frankly whether they intend to
pay this $5,000fora mere experiment, whether
it be successful or satisfactory to the Secretary
of the Interior or not. I have understood
from the course of this debate that this young
lady is entitled to be trusted and to be con-
tracted with, in the language of the resolution,
as a person of established reputation, whose
reputation justifies there being intrusted to her
this important work which engages all our rep-
utation and is to ho put on exhibition as being
produced through our instrumentality. Now,
if it be intended that this is to be merely an
experiment, and is frankly so said, then we
shall understand it. If, on the contrary, it be
what it purports to be, the arrangement of a
business transaction by contract with this young
lady, then it is just to her as well as to us to
provide that this model shall be completed to
the satisfaction of the party who is to contract
with her.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the amendment
will not be adopted, and 1 think it ought not
to be adopted. If I was drafting the resolu-
tion I should not put in these words. It will
be seen by reading the resolution that it pro-
vides that a contract shall be made with this
lady "for a life-size model and statue of the
late President, Abraham Lincoln, to be exe-
cuted by her at a price not exceeding $10,000 ;
one half payable 011 completion of the model
in plaster, and the remaining half on comple-
tion of the statue in marble to his acceptance.'
It is intended, I suppose, by the Congress of
the United States, if they pass this resolution,
that she shall be paid at any rate $5,000 for
the effort. I suppose that is intended. It is
not expected that she is to go on and devote
her time for years, perhaps, to preparing this
for nothing. Congress lias that confidence ra
directing the contract to be made with her,
from the knowledge they have of her ta ent,
to agree that they will pay $3,000 for making
this effort, and if she completes it to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of the Interior she is
