1866:
USE CONCmESSlOTAL GLOBE
No. 85) granting to the State'of Wisconsin a
donation of public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a breakwater and harbor and ship-canal
at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the county of
Door, in said State, to connect the Waters of
Green bay with Lake Michigan, in said State ;
which was read twice by its title, arid referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 45) to change the nauie of the ship
Art Union to the name George M. Barnard;'
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
provisional governments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there is
no farther morning business the Chair will call
up the unfinished business of yesterday, being
joint resolution (S. R. No. 11) in relation to
the organization of provisional governments
within the States whose people were lately in •
rebellion against the United States, the pend-
ing question being on the motion to refer the
joint resolution to the joint committee on re-
construction ; on which the Senator from Ore-
gon is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, the nation
having passed successfully through (she most
terrible ordeal of foury ears of civil war, and hav-
ing vindicated its supremacy over every foot of
its vast territory, as the din of battle is hushed,
and the fierce passions of the combatants have
subsided, we are no longer called upon to de-
vise means.for the support of great armies, but
the higher duty devolves upon us of restoring
the country to a state of peaceful prosperity and
happiness. In the discharge of this important
duty let us not be animated by feelings of hatred
and revenge toward those so recently in hostil-
ity to the national authority, but rather cultivate
that spirit of friendship and forbearance so
essential to our future prosperity as a great,
united, and prosperous people, destined to the
enjoyment of a free Government of our own
construction.
The ravages of war, which have wrought such
havoc with all our material interests, have been
unequal to the task of destroying or subverting
our form of government, and we emerge from
the conflict with a Constitution intact, while the
mass of our people are only the more strongly
devoted to its principles by reason of the perils it
has survived. It now becomes our duty to re-
pair the damages resulting from attempts at dis-
organization. In the discharge of that duty we
canno.t, if wo would, relieve ourselves from the
obligations which we are under to "guaranty
to every State in this Union a republican form
of government.''
A s diverse sentiments arc entertained relative
to the mode of discharging this duty, 1 propose
to examine the President's plan of restoration,
involving the speedy admission of Senators and
Representatives from the southern States, and
then the opposite or different plan of what is
popularly called reconstruction, under some
kind of act to lie passed by Congress, in which
new conditions of admission shall be exacted.
Upon examining both these plans, and con-
trasting them with each other, we shall be able
to form a clear opinion as to our duty in this
juncture of our public afl'airs.
The President has required several things of
the southern people, and has recommended oth-
ers for their acceptance; and he has done all
this in his capacity of Commander-in-Cliief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and
also in his civil capacity as Chief Executive of
the Republic.
As Commander-in-Chief, it was his duty to
put down the rebellion and all its works, and he
has done so thoroughly. At least what was left
undone by his predecessor toward this end he
has done most faithfully and skillfully. Armed
resistance no longer continues anysvliero within
the limits of the United States, nor is there the
slightest probability that it will be renewed.
But there were rebel State governments
39tii Conii. 1st Suss.—No. 19,
throughout the so-called confederate States.
These have been subverted, utterly removed
from the face of the earth. Regarded as revo-
lutionary and illegal in character, they were
made to give way before the power of the United
States, until not a vestige of them is now left.
All those hostile organizations are defunct.
They are dead, and will know no resurrection.
The President, believing them to be wholly in-
valid in point of law, and criminal in purpose,
refused them the slightest recognition, and has
wiped them out effectually and finally. This
was his duty, and he has performed it well.
But other things beyond this were required
to vindicate the authority of the United States
and to stamp the rebellion as illegal and wrong-
ful. The President has therefore required those
States to repudiate their ordinances of seces-
sion in express terms, and this has been done
by most of those States in reorganizing then-
governments upon a loyal foundation. Their
constitutional conventions have declared those
ordinances to be null and void. In one or two
cases, I believe, they have simply repealed them,
but the practical effect is in substance the same.
A further requirement made by the President,
and acceded to by the people of the South, has
been the repudiation of all rebel indebtedness
incurred in behalf of the rebellion. I believe the
rebel indebtedness, or at least most of it, had its
payment conditional upon the accomplishment
of southern independence. Tt was expressly
madepayable when the confederate States should
become independent of the United States, and
their independence should be recognized. Upon
the whole, I conclude the confederate creditors
hold about the worst securities known upon the
face of the earth. There is no such government
as incurred that debt in existence, and never will
be; the time fixed for payment has become im-
possible, and lastly, at the instance of President
Johnson, the whole debthas been repudiated, as
unauthorized and unlawful, by popular conven-
tions. Little sympathy need be feltinthe case l'or
the creditors of the South, whether foreign or do-
mestic. They loaned their money upon a spec-
ulation and took the chances of the war. In fact,
the confederate loans were in the nature of a
gambling transaction; they were in substance
bets upon the issue or result of the war. If the
confederacy triumphed, the loan-holders would
make immense fortunes upon small sums in-
vested. If it failed, they were to lose their
investments, for by the express terms of their
contract they were only to be paid in case the
rebellion should be successful.
From this statement of the position of the
confederate creditors, how unnecessary appears
the proposed amendment to the Constitution of
the United Stales to prevent the payment of the
confederate debt. A debt three times dead al-
ready is to be killed a fourth time by an amend-
ment to the Federal Constitution. The debtor—
the confederate government—is dead, and has
left no cffects; the time of payment has become
an impossible date, and President Johnson ha*
had an expres.s repudiation of it put in all the
new southern constitutions. I think, therefore,
the subject is disposed of, if it be possible to
dispose of and settle any subject whatever which
has once been involved in public debate.
But I will proceed with my statement of the
President's policy of restoration, in order to
bringout all the leading points which it involves.
The rebel State governments being entirely re-
moved from the southern country, and the civil
and military authorities of the spurious confed-
eracy put down, the scene presented in that sec-
tion was one of unorganized States. The ter-
ritory and the people remained, and over both
the authority of the Government of the United
States was reestablished; but the latter was seen
mainly in the exhibition of the war power by
which the rebellion had been smitten, and its
political as well as martial machinery leveled
to the dust. The President explains very hand-
somely and clearly in his annual message the
views by which hp was prompted at that time.
For the moment, his will was law from the Po-
tomac to the shores of the Gulf. He heM in
hand the largest jinny of modern times, an im-
mense naval force, and stood as the r%re^rtt§>;
tive of a flushed and triumphant naiiotL :itis'i:.
maxim that "power is ever graspiirg','atid 'attt'-
bitious of its own perpetuity; bht-vh'eii tfiis;
ruler of a great nation, ill' times' TWfe'ti tijrBti-'
lence seems to have r^laxedthe botafc of'
eminent, refuses' to:ute,p quesfj^itat&le ddtjife-,
ity over a fallen foe, whose acts'ark' sb
and honesty1 of purpose, and- furnishesa'Ste#*
guarantee of both the justice and' Strength' aftf
republican Government. ' ' " '
No greater mass of power was ever held "Oflr-
der circumstances of such transcendent iiH"
portance by one man since the creation of t&e®
earth. But our patriot President was equal to
the crisis. The occasion did not find him un-
prepared for the duties which it imposed. He
remembered his oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States. He remembered'
that he was one of the people, pledged by_ his
birth, by his "early struggles, by the professions'
and conduct of a prolonged and illustrious ca-
reer, to the republican principle of govern-
ment by the people and for the people, and to
the rejection of all forms of arbitrary and un-
constitutional rule. While he was determined
to secure the proper fruits of victory,' he had
no heart for works of persecution and venge-
ance, nor any disposition to transcend his powers
and establish despotic principles' iii- the admin-
istration of the Government; What then did
he do, and what does he now propose? Let
him be judged by his acts, openly performed
in the face of the'world, and by the recommen-
dations of policy which he makes to • Confess*
and to the people.
Well, sir, he called into requisition the- ex-
ecutive power of pardon, and he lias used that'
power efficiently in the work of restoration.
Through this power he has dealt willi individ-
uals engaged in rebellion. He has restored
many such to their rights, forfeited under the
laws of their country, and screened them from
prosecution and punishment. But was this
clone rashly, blindly, and without discrimina-
tion or just conditions imposed? No, sir, noth-
ing of the sort! There was no precipitancy
and no blundering! His general amnesty proc-
lamation conformed to the policy of his pred-
ecessor, Mr. Lincoln, but ho reserved from its
operation large classes of cases for spccial ac-
tion upon individual applications for pardon;
and in all cases where'executive clemency lias
been extended, an oath lias been required as a
guarantee of future conduct and of allegiance
to the Government of the United States.
Through his exercise of the pardoning power*
the authority and dignity of the United States
have been asserted, and those who have been
unfaithful to the Government made to acknowl-
edge their fault, to sue for clemency, and most
solemnly to pledge their fealty to the United
States. The general submission of the south-
ern people since the close of the war rendered
a magnanimous policy toward them possible
and proper; and I believe the President has
acted with groat discretion and wisdom in ex-
tending amnesty and pardon to the great mass
of the southern people, while withholding' it
thus far from particular classes or prominent
offenders among them.
But his policy for restoring loyal State gov-
ernments has been equally important. He did
not choose to continue military occupation of
the South, with its enormous expense and other
attendant'evils, any longer than was necessary.
Troops were therefore gradually with drawn and
disbanded, and now the number remaining in
that section is comparatively inconsiderable.
For military rule civil rule has been substituted,
and that in the only way in which it could be
properlj-done—by the action of the people them-
selves. They were invited to reorganize their
State governments, and they have done so,
fully and completely. To this end delegates to
constitutional conventions were chosenj eonsti'
tutions formed, and subsequent electrons for
members of Legislatures, i'or Gofifrnors. ana
other cff.e.eis have been held. Perfect Stato
