4234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
to have ten thousand. I do not presume that
it is the intention of Congress, certainly it is
not mine, to require her to go on and make
this statue and run the hazard of being paid
or not. She can do that without coming to
Congress. What is, the object of coming to
Congress at all? Let her proceed and make
a statue and give her time to it for years at her
own expense; if it is one that pleases us we
will buy it afterward. I think it would be
mockery to pass a resolution of that kind. I
trust the Senator from Vermont will not insist
upon any such amendment.
Besides, the resolution has passed the House
of Representatives; we have certainly spent
time enough upon it; there is manifestly a dis-
position in the Senate to pass it, and I trust we
will come to a vote and dispose of this matter
and let us then pass to some other business
which we must do ; the hours are now few be-
tween this and the time of adjournment. I
think the amendment ought not to be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall come to a vote
when fair and just debute is finished upon this
resolution, and probably not before. The Sen-
ator from Illinois states, with the frankness
which is characteristic of him, and which I
thank him for, that he does not intend that
this shall be other than a mere gratuitous
experiment so far as the model goes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated no such thing,
without meaning to contradict the Senator
rudely. I did not say that I intended it should
be nothing more than an experiment. I said
that the Congress, in authorizing a contract to
be mado with this lady, had sufficient evidence
from the knowledge they had of her ability to
be willing to pay that much for her services
in preparing this model, and if she makes it to
the salislactiou of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, when the whole work is done, we pay the
whole of it. That is what J stated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ifthegeutlemau is through
with his interpolation I will go 011. The lan-
guage which the Senator used was "topay her
for the effort." 1 called "effort" '''experi-
ment." The difference is not worth occupy-
ing much of our fast-running sands of time to
discuss; and, as 1 said before, ho states with
frankness that this $5,000 for the model is not
to depend on whether that model is fit to bo
set up anywhere or not; but the very language
which thojionorable Senator used with frank-
ness and fairness—and I hope he will not get.
heated about it this night—was "to pay her
for the effort;" and he says it never was heard
of, or words to that effect, that we should in-
terpolate into a contract such a clause as this
which 1 have suggested. Do we contract for
the building of our navies, for any of the works
of art that are found in the Rotunda, or else-
where about this Capitol, except providing that
some public officer shall bo the party who shall
judge as to the fair completion of the contract
within its fan- spirit so as to entitle the con-
tractor to his recompense? I think not. I
will not, occupy time in discussing that ques-
tion as to whether the works which we con-
tract for or authorize our servants to contract
for arc to be thrown upon us without the judg-
ment of anybody in deciding whether they are
fitly performed or are not. Now, sir, the issue
is fairly presented, whether it is the intention
of this Congress to pay $5,000 for this mere
experiment or whether this artist is willing to
take the risk upon her side of completing the
model to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Interior in order to entitle her to the com-
pensation for it. I therefore insist upon the
amendment which I have offered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There should be but
little question about this in the choice of artists
when the three Senators from Illinois concur
in their judgment. I see the Senator from
Illinois there, [Mr. Tiutmboll,] and one here,
[Mr. Yates,] and I am from Illinois myself,
the companions of the deceased President for
long years, well qualified to judge as to how
he has been developed in the model that has
been exhibited. That any artist should be
called upon or required to go and manipulate
and labor six months without a promise of
recompense would be something unheard of.
Twenty-five thousand dollars we voted last ses-
sion for a picture to Powell. He is to paint a
picture, and all the limitation is that the desigp
is controlled by a committee. When he paints
his picture he is entitled to his money. Would
a young man go and dare employ a year or two
or three years of his labor upon a particular
work without the assurance of exact compen-
sation ? A Government cannot afford to ask
that; and to ask it would be an outrage.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. WADE. Let us have a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will excuse
me while I refer to the resolution authorizing
Powell to make a painting.
Mr. WADE. We do not care anything about
Powell now.
Mr. CONNESS. Excuse me now, if you
please. Last year Congress passed a joint res-
olution in these words:
"That the Joint Committee on the Library be, and
they uro hereby, directed to enter into a contract with
William H. Powell, of the State of Ohio, to paint a
picturc for the United States, to bo placed at the head
of one of the grand staircases in the Capitol, illustra-
tive of some naval victory; the particular subject of
the painting to be agreed 011 by the committee and
the artist: J'rovidcd, That the entire expense of said
picturo shall notexceed the.num of£25,000, aiid $2,000
shall bo paid to said William H. Powell in advance,
to onable him to prepare for thework, the remainder
of said installments at intervals of not less than one
year, tho last. installment to be retained until the pic-
turo is completed and put up.''
There was no such condition in that case as
is now proposed, and I apprehend there never
was in any such resolution.
Mr. 110 WE. I will say that we have recently
made a contract with Dr. Stone to execute a
statue of Alexander Hamilton in marble. Wo
pay him one fourth in advance, one fourth, I
think, when the model is completed in plaster,
one fourth when it is completed in Europe, and
the balance when it is delivered at the Capitol.
Mr. SUMNER. I think this amendment
had better be adopted. It is only areasonable
precaution in a case like the present. The
Senator from Wisconsin alluded to a contract
with Mr. Stone. He is a sculptor whose works
are at the very doors of the Senate Chamber.
Tho committee who employed him must have
been perfectly aware of his character. When
they entered into a contract with him, there was
110 element of chance; they knew precisely
what they were contracting for; but in the pres-
ent ease there is nothing but chance, if there
be not the certainty of failure.
Mr. CONNESS. How was it in the case of
Mr. Powell?
Mr. SUMNER. I am speaking of the pres-
ent case. One at a time, if you please. The
person that you now propose to contract with,
notoriously has never made a statue. All who
have the most moderate acquaintance with art
know that it is one thing to make a bust, and
quite another thing to make a statue. One may
make a bust, and yet be entirely unable to make
a statue ; just as one may write a poem in the
corner of a newspaper, and not be able to pro-
duce an epic. A statue is one of the highest
forms of art. There have been very few artists
competent to make a statue. There is as yet
but one instance (hat I can recall of a woman
successful in such an undertaking. But the
eminent person to whom I refer had shown a
peculiar genius early in life, had enjoyed pecu-
liar opportunities of culture, and had vindicated
her title as artist before she attempted this dif-
ficult task. Conversing, as I often have, with
sculptors, I remember how they always dwell
upon the difficulty of such a work. It is no
small labor to set a man on his legs, with
proper drapery and accessories, in stone or
in bronze. Not many have been able to do
it, and all these have had in advance experi-
ence in art. Now, there is no such experi-
ence here. This candidate is notoriously with-
out it. There is no reason to suppose that
she can succeed. Therefore, the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Eotitods] is wise when ho pro-
poses that before the nation pays $5,000 on
account, it shall have some assurance that the
work is not absolutely a failure. Voltaire was
in the habit of exclaiming, in a coarse Italian
saying, that " a woman cannot produce a tra-
gedy." You have already seen that. I do not
venture on the remark that a woman cannot
produce a statue; but I am sure that, in the
present case, you ought to take every reasona-
ble precaution.
Sir, I did not intend when I rose to say any-
thing except directly upon the proposition of
the Senator from Vermont, but as I am on the
floor perhaps I may be pardoned if I advert for
one moment 
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him one question for information ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. It is whether he supposes that
by the examination of a plaster model he could
get any assurance that the work in marble
would be satisfactory.
Mr. SUMNER. Obviously, for the chief
"work of the artist is in the model. When this
is finished the work is more than half done.
What remains requires mechanical skill rather
than genius. In Italy, where there are accom-
plished workmen in marble, the artist leaves
his model in their hands, contenting himself
with a few finishing touches. Sometimes he
does not touch the marble.
1 was about to say, when interrupted, that
I hoped to be pardoned if I adverted for one
moment to the onslaught which has been made
upon what I have already said in this debate.
I do not understand it. I do not know why
Senators have given such rein to the passion
for personality. I made no criticism on any
Senator and no allusion, even, to any Senator.
I addressed myself dii-ectly to the question and
endeavored to treat it with all the reserve con;
sistent with a proper frankness. Senators,
one after another, have attacked me person-
ally. The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Nes-
mitii] seemed to riot in this business. The
Senator from California, [Mr. Cosiness,] from
whom I had reason to expect something better,
caught the spirit of the other Pacific Senator.
Sir, there was nothing in what I said to justify
such an attack. But I will not proceed in the
comments which their speeches invite. I turn
away from them. There was, however, one
remark of the Senator from Oregon to which
I will refer. He complained that I was un-
willing to patronize native art, and that I had
dwelt on the productions of foreign artists.
I am at a loss for the motive of this singular
misrepresentation. Let the Senator quote a
sentence or a word which fell from me in dis-
paragement of native art. He cannot. I know
the art of my country too well and think of it
with too much of patriotic pride. I alluded
to only one foreign artist, and he was that sym-
pathetic and gifted Frenchman who has en-
dowed the Capitol with the portrait of Lafay-
ette. The other artists that I praised were
all of my own country. There was Peale, of
Philadelphia, to whom we are indebted for the
portrait of Washington. There was Trumbull,
the companion of Washington, and one of his
military staff, who, on coming out of the war
of independence, gave himself to painting and
produced these works which I pronounced the
chief ornament of the Rotunda. There also was
Greenough, the earliest American sculptor,
and, until Story took the chisel, unquestion-
ably the most accomplished of all in the list
of American sculptors. He was a scholar,
versed in the languages of antiquity and mod-
ern times, who studied the art which he prac-
ticed in the literature of every tongue. Of
^ neyer foil to speak in praise. There
was Crawford, an American sculptor, born in
New York, and my own intimate personal
friend, whose early triumphs ^witnessed and
enjoyed. He was a true genius; versatile, fer-
tile, bold. His short life was crowned by the
honors of his profession, and he was hailed at
home and abroad as a great sculptor. How-
can I speak of him except with admiration
