1866.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
3275
ular Array. Assistant surgeons come up in
turn by seniority for examination and promo-
tion, and there being but one vacancy to be
filled, the examination can scarcely be called
competitive. In respect to volunteers, when
you have ten or fifteen candidates presenting
themselves yon examine them all and admit on
competitive examination ; but when a vacancy
occurs liable to be filled from the regular Army
officers you do not examine all who are assist-
ant surgeons.
Mr. DONNELLY. It seems to me any ex-
amination is a competitive examination. If the
first one who presents himself be found not
competent, then you take the next one, and
so on.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I do not object to it; I
only suggest that there may be that difficulty
in the practical application. The gentleman
has considered the subject, however, and I do
not raise any objection.
The SPEAKER. It is already in the hill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the
section by adding at the end as follows :
And the Secretary of War U hereby authorized to
appoint from the enlisted men of the Army, or cause
to be enlisted, as many hospital stewards as the ser-
vice may require, to bo permanently attached to the
medical department under such regulations as the
Secretary oi'War may prescribe.
I will say, in regard to the amendment, that
this act repeals the law of 1802, a little clause
of which 1 want saved. That clause I have
taken out, and propose to add it at the end of
this section. It may prove a valuable provis-
ion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. 22. And be it further enacted^ That the pay de-
partment ot the Army shall hereafter consist of one
paymaster general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; two assistant paymas-
ter generals, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
colonels; two assistant paymaster general.1*, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels,
and lorty paymaster?, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments ot majors; and tho original vacancies in the
grade of m.tjor shall bo filled by selection from those
persons who have served faithfully as paymasters or
additional paymasters in tho Armv ot tho United
States in the late war. And hereafter no graduato
of the United States Military Academy, being at I ho
time in the Army of the United States, or having
been at. any time for three years next preceding, bhall
be eligible to appointment as an officer in the pay
department. 3Jut this provision shall not extend to
graduates of "West Point now in thepay department.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend in line
four by striking out the words u assistant" and
"generals" and adding to the word "paymas-
ter" the letter " s,v so that it will read, ki two
paymasters, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of colonel." It will then correspond
with the section organizing the quartermaster's
department, it is for the sake of the symmetry
of' the bill.
Mr. SCHENCIv. The gentleman will ob-
serve that there are also "two assistant pay-
master generals, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of lieutenant eoloncls and 1 suggest
that he make hi« amendment apply to those,
so that the second set of assistant paymasters
shall bo called paymasters only, instead of
paymaster generals.
Sir. SPALDING. I accept the modifica-
tion.
Mr. SCITENCK. I will suggest that if the
amendment of my colleague is adopted it will
involve the necessity of a similar clause to come
in at the end of the section, as is found in sec-
tion nineteen in regard to vacating commis-
sions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENClv. I move to add at the end
of the section a clause similar to that contained
in section nineteen in regard to vacating com-
missions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2P>. And be it further enacted. That the corps
of Engineers shall consist of one chief engineer, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier gen-
eral, six colonel5!,sixteen lieutenant colonels, twenty-
two raaiois, thirty captains, and twenty first and ten
second lieutenants, who shall havethepayand emol-
uments now provided by law forofticers of tho Engi-
neer corps of these several grades respectively. But
after the first appointments made under the provis-
ions of this scetion as vacancies may occur in the
several grades of lieutenant colonel, major, and cap-
tain, no appointments to fill the same snail be made
until the number of lieutenant eoloncls shall be rc-
duccd to fifteen, the number of majors to twenty, and
the number of captains to fifteen, and the number
of second lieutenants to fifteen, and thereafter the
number of ofticcrs in cach of said several grades shall
continue to conform to such reduced number.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is an error in line
ton; the word "and" should be stricken out,
and after the word "captain" the words "and
second lieutenants" should be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
KKCOXSTUUCTIOX.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit a minority report i'rom the
joint committee on reconstruction, and move
that the same number of copies bo printed as
of the majority report.
Tho report was laid on the table, and the
question of printing was referred to t.ho Com-
mittee on Printing under the law.
KXKOIiLUI) BILLS AND JOINT W^OLUITOXS.
Mr. TfiOWBKIDGIi, from the Committee
on Unrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles :
An act (S. No. 1:27) for the relief of Jon-
athan W. Gordon, late majot in the eleventh !
regiment of infantry ; I
An act (>S. No. 200) to reimburse the State
of West Virginia for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pay- i
ing military forces to aid in suppressing (he (
rebellion;
An net (S. No. 278) for the relief of Captain i
•lolm If. Crowell, assistant quartermaster in
the United States Army ;
A joint resolution (S. 1!. No. 71) referring the
petition and papers in (he case of Joseph Nock
to the Court of Claims;
A lesolution (S. Ji. No. 80) explanatory
of and in addition to the act of May f>, 180-1,
entitled "An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in Wisconsin
and
Anact(S. No. 174) to establish a hydrographic
office in the Navy Department.
rO.N'TKSTiOP HLEOTiOX.
Mr. DAWKS, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted additional testimony in the
eontestod-eleelion case of Koontz v.t. Coffrolh ;
which was laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
ARMY IULL A(!A1.\.
The Clerk read as follows:
Six;. 24. And be ■Ufurth'r cnacl>>d, That tho five
companies of engineer soldiers and the sergeant
major and quarierma^tor sergeant heretofore pre-
scribed by law, ?-hall constitute a battalion of engi-
neers, to be officered by offieci* of suitable rank de-
tailed fjom the corps of Engineers ; and tho officers
of engineers acting ropee.'mdy as adjutant and
quartcimast er of tins battalion shall be entitled to
the pay ami emoluments of adjutants and quartci-
masteis.
No amendment beinp: r,flbrert,
The Clerk read as.iollows:
Snc. 2). A ml br it further r,\'trf'd, That the ordnance
department ot the Aim> sliall consist of the suno
numbcrof oiiieeis and enlisted men ns now author-
ized by law, and the officers shall be of the following
grade?, namely: one brigadier general, three col-
onels, six lieutenant colonels, t wdve major*, twenty
captains, twelve fu^t lieutenant*-, ten second lieuten-
ants, all of whom shall have the same pay and emolu-
ments asnow pi ovided bylaw; nii'l t hirtccn ordnance
store-keeper, of whom a number not exceeding six
may also be appointed and authorized to net as pay-
masters at armories and arscnaK Theordn ancestor c-
kcepcr and paymaster at the national armory at
Springfield, Massachusetts,shall have the rank, pay,
and emoluments of other pay masters oft he Army, and
all other ordnance store-ke^persshull have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of captains. .But after the first
appointments made flfcder the pro-scions of this sec-
tion, vacancies may occur, reducing the number
of officers in the several crrades of this department
below the rank of bricradior general, no appointments
to fill the same shall be mode until the number of
coloncls shall be reduced to one, the number of lieu-
tenant colonels to three, the number of majors to five,
the number of captains to ten, and the number of
first lieutenants to ten; and thereafter the number
of offieeis in each of said several grades shall con-
tinue to conform to such reduced number;:.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the section the following:
Two thirds of all tho military store-keepers and ord-
nance. slore-keepers shall be persons who hfivo per-
formed meritorious service as officers or soldiers in
the Army of the United States during tho late rebel-
lion.
Mr. SCTIENCK. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that there are
thirteen ordnance store-keepers provided for
in this bill, whieli is precisely the number now
in office and employed at the different points
where ordnance stores are necessarily kept.
Six of these thirteen store-keepers serve also
as paymasters, and they too are provided for
in the section ; so that there is no increase of
tho number. And the same is true in regard to
military store-keepers in the quartermaster's
department. The amendment proposes that
two thirds of all these officers shall be ap-
pointed from among those who served as vol-
unteers. Now, I think every gentleman will
acquit me of any desire to take away or abridge
the claims of volunteers in these appointments;
but 1 wish to apprise the House of the fact that
this proposition is virtually voting out of office
two thirds of all the military and ordnance store-
keepers who are now holding these places in
order to make room for volunteers to be ap-
pointed in their places; and it might sodiap-
pen that it would dispense with some that the
gentlemen themselves would prefer to retain.
I am willing that the sense of the Houso
should be taken upon this, but I desire the
House to understand the question. 5 would
suggest, however, to tho gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paxxe] that his amendment does
not. perhaps clearly express what he intends.
It should read " the military store-keepers pro-
vided for in the seventeenth section of this act,"
&e. There is much more reason why volun-
teers should lie made military store-keepers in
the quartermaster's department than that they
should be made ordnance store-keepers.
Mr. DUMONT. I think this should apply
to ordnance keepers also.
Mr. PAINE. J will modify my amendment
so that it will read as follows:
Two thirds of nil the military store-keepers and
ordiuinee kcepcis provided for by the seventeenth
sect ion of this act and by i hi-, section sluill be persons
who h:ive pel-formed meritorious services as ofEieers
or soldiers m I he armies of tho United Stales during
the late rebellion.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I trust the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. P.uxk] will not prevail. We have now
serving in these departments men who have
served there for years, who are acquainted with
the details and the requirements of the service.
This amendment proposes to substitute in place
of two thirds of those officers men who have
had no connection with that kind of service,
even during the late war. By this amendment,
if adopted, any person who has been an officer
or soldier in any branch of the service during
the late war will be. entitled to promotion now.
I think such a provision would operate unfairly
and unjustly both upon the officers now in ser-
vice and upon the service. I do not know upon
what piinciples such an amendment can be
sustained. I believe those who have become
acquainted with the necessities of the service
by an experience of three or five or ten years
are better fitted for the discharge of those du-
ties than those who have not been in the ser-
vice so long. [ think a general who has been
in service for five or ten years is a^ great deal
bettor general, if lie has any material at all in
him, than though he had been in service but
one or two years. And I would apply that
principle to all branches of the service, for
experience is of the greatest value in business
of every character.
Mr. FAUQUHAR. Mr. Speaker, I move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Wisconsin by inserting the word *' volun-
teer'' before the woids " olliccrs or soldiers."
Sir, I do not see the force of the argument of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis.]
for it is based upon the supposition that among
