1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
They are to be presented through laws enacted
by Congress, and in propositions for the amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States.
But, before they are discussed, it will be
proper to notice briefly some of the reasons
which appeal to Congress in favor of the Presi-
dent's policy of immediate restoration.
The recognition of the reorganized State gov-
ernments, by-the admission of Senators and
Representatives, is due to the loyal men of the
South who assisted in their formation and now
adhere to them, not only as instruments of lo-
cal government,, but also for securing renewed
representation in the Government of the United
States. This class of men, our brothers and
friends, have a merit above and beyond that
which belongs to men of the North. Their
devotion to the Government was maintained un-
der appalling difficulties. They have suffered
severely, and they now look to immediate
restoration as necessary to their interests and
welfare. Their appeal is not to be resisted or
postponed unless overwhelming considerations
of necessity or policy demand it. These State
governments have been organized in concert
with the President of the United States, and in
accordance with a policy proposed by him as
the Chief Magistrate of the nation. So far as
he could reasonably act on behalf of the people
of the United States, in the work of reconstruc-
tion, we are bound in good faith to sustain the
arrangements made at his instance, and accept
Representatives from the reorganized States.
By prompt recognition, we conciliate the peo-
ple of the South, and attach them more firmly
to ourselves for the future. In this case, mag-
nanimity is safety ; for wo will obtain by it ad-
ditional security against future dangers. We
will "consolidate the Union;" that is, we will
strengthen it, render its bonds firm, repress dis-
affection, and remove all possibility of foreign
intrigue in that section hereafter.
By immediate recognition we will promote
and,insure the prosperity of both sections.
Capital will go more promptly into the South
for investment: productionthcro will be incited ;
trade and commerce will j evh e, and sources of
revenue to the public Treasury will be opened
and enlarged.
Recognition relieves us from a vast burden
of expense in maintaining civil and military
establishments of government, and from the in-
convenience and scandals arising from conflict-
ing jurisdictions in administration.
Recognition and representation in Congress
establish and maintain a republican principle
vital to our system and sanctified to us by the
struggles of our fathers. We tax the South,
and we shall tax it heavily hereafter. The
public necessities and the principle of equal
taxation make this a necessity. But it will he
unjust, odious, and anti-republican, to tax them
without admitting them to representation in that
Government by which the taxes are imposed.
Finally, by recognition and renewed repre-
sentation in Congress, we restore all the great
interests of the country, and they will again
have a due voice in the Go\ eminent, and par-
ticipate in the debates by which its policy is
shaped and determined. And it will be partic-
ularly useful, as well as just, that upon questions
affecting the southern people their Represent-
atives shall be heard before the laws by which
they are, to be bourn! shall be enacted.
It is further to be remarked that these re-
organized State governments can lie recognized
with much more propriety than those set up or
proposed during the war under Mr. Lincoln's
one-tenth plan. In the first place, they are
established after the return of peace, and not
during the pressure of military operations.
They are, to a great extent, free from the
objection urged against the Lincoln States,
of being formed within the theater of actual
war, and therefore, of necessity, mere creations
and creatures of military power. In the next
place, they arc established in each Stato by a
clear majority of the people and not by a minor-
ity, thus conforming, in a most, vital particular,
to true republican principles.
Some people think, or pretend to think, that
the southern States have been out of the Union,
and that an act of Congress is necessary to re-
admit or restore them. It is true that a part
of the people South voted to go out of the
Union, and took up arms to sustain that reso-
lution. That is undeniably true. But we said
that they should not go out, and we made war
to compel them to remain. The contest be-
tween them and us was to determine whether
their resolution or ours, upon this very point
of going out, should prevail. They wore beaten
in the war; their object frustrated, its realiza-
tion prevented. They -did not get out of the
Union because they failed in the war. Success
would have taken them out; failure left them
in. That is the simple truth and the whole truth
upon this subject, and the conclusion follows
that no act of Congress is necessary to their
restoration.
I see, therefore, no objection upon grounds of
principle to the President's policy of restoration
so far as he has carried it, nor to its consumma-
tion and complete fulfillment by the admission of
Senators and Representatives by Congress. On
the contrary, the reasons which support that pol-
icy arc numerous, weighty, and decisive.
In contrast with the policy advocated by the
President is that known as the radical policy,
which proceeds upon the hypothesis that negro
suffrage is a certain and sure remedy for all the
evils which afflict the State. I look upon the
remedy as worse than the disease, as it imposes
a lasting and permanent evil for one of a tem-
porary character. An attempt to dilute and
weaken the intelligence upon which the safety of'
our free institutions is founded can only be fol-'
lowed by disastrous results.
If the inherent and superior intelligence of the
white man is incapable of directing and perpetu-
ating our form of Government, God defend us
from an appeal to African auxiliaries for the con-
summation of that grand result.
The right of suffrage impliedly carries with
it the right of governing by holding ollice, and
against the lodgment of such powers in the
hands of the late slaves I enter my solemn pro-
test. I admit that it isnot the fault.ol'the Afri-
can, the Indian, or the Asiatic, that his skin is
not white, or that he does not exhibit those
great characteristics which qualify him to gov-
ern the white race, and I am not disposed to
inflict punishment upon the African because,
while our white ancestors were contending for
civil and religious liberty, his were the nude
barbarians engaged in eating or selling those
whom the fortunes of war placed within their
power upon their native deserts. God'made
the distinction in creating the races, and by an
immutable law he made their permanent com-
mingling an impossibility. Where the white
race predominates it governs, and in Afiieaand
llayti, where the negro is the dominant race,
lie governs, and sedulously excludes the white
man from any participation. And while I do
not propose to reenaet the ordinances of Pi evi-
dence, i am an advocate of the maintenance of
the distinction of the races, socially and po-
litically.
Notwithstanding the denunciations which
have been hurled against the sentiment, 1 still
believe that this is awhile man's Government,
framed by white men, and for white men ; in-
stituted by their wisdom and defended by their
valor. In saying this. 1 do not mean to be un-
derstood as asserting that the negroes, the In-
dians. or any other inferior races should be <'X-
cluded from the natural rights of life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness: hut I do mean to say
that the hardy, persevering, industrious, brave,
and intelligent Anglo-Saxon race and their de-
scendants, who brought civilization and the arts
into the New World, and who have organized,
defended, and perpetuated free government
here, are not to be overridden and have a gov-
ernmental policy dictated to them by any semi-
barbarous inferiors, who have never evinced the
intelligence here, nor in their own country, ne-
cessary to better their own condition ; who have
never had inventive genius to improve upon the
rudeness of the most barbarous life: who have
never had the courage to assert and maintain
a respectable Government anywhere.
A stroke of the pen and sword combined has
stricken the fetters from the limbs of the slave,
but has left him, in point of intelligence, but
little the superior of the brute creation or the
inanimate objects by which he is surrounded.
The stroke, of neither the pen nor sword can
relieve the emancipated slave of his servile
instincts and fit him at once for the judicious
exercise of the right of suffrage. He is as igno-
rant and passive to-day as he was before a drop
of the white man's blood was shed to secure
his emancipation, and he will be no better to-
morrow. By forcibly thrusting upon him the
right of suffrage, of which he has no adequate
comprehension, you either leave him the dupe
of his old master, to be voted at his will, or force
him into an"unoqual contest with your own race,
who, since anything has been known of them,
have cither enslaved or exterminated every other
race with which they have come in contact.
It seems to me unreasonable that we should
be called upon at this day to discuss a question
of extending suffrage to a race who are noto-
riously unfit to exercise it intelligently and
wisely. But surprise at this fact will be les-
sened when we consider that, those who are most
anxious to secure negro suffrage, who are most
ardent and boisterous in its favor, are precisely
those persons who know least about the negro,
and are least qualified to judge and determine
any question of policy concerning him. There
is no extensive sentiment anywhere in the south-
ern States in favor of negro suffrage. What is
thought on that subject in this city of Wash-
ington was determined recently by an almost
unanimous vote of the qualified citizens against
it. Advancing northward, we find constitu-
tional provisions established in mostof the cen-
tral States to preclude all legislative action upon
the subject. Only when we arrive in the ex-
treme North, where this race is scarcely known
as an element of population, do we find any con-
siderable sentiment in favor of degrading the
elective franchise to the level of negro intelli-
gence and capacity. And even in recent elec-
tions held in Connecticut, Wisconsin, and Min-
nesota, decided majorities were given against
the extension of suffrage to the small number
of negroes resident in those States. Upon the
Pacific coast, lam sure, the people arc opposed,
to suffrage by negroes, by Asiatics, or by In-
dians found within their borders, and they will
long remain so. In short, ifnegro suffrage were-
submitted, at this hour, to a vote of the whole
electoral population of the United States, I be-,
lieve they would decide against it by a vote of
four to one. Even the negroes themselves do,,
not demand or ask it, except where they are-
instigated or influenced by white men whose
trade is agitation and whose purpose is mis-
chief. It is clear, then, that public opinion
does not demand from Congress any legislation
or action whatsoever looking to ncgro.su/frage.
The cry for it is the clamor of faction and not
the voice of the people.
It is equally clear and certain that Congress
has no lightl'ul power to determine a question
of suffrage in any State ; that an attempt to do
so would be a usurpation, and directly opposed
to the fundamental division of powers between
the States and the Federal Government.
But negro suffrage would not be desirable or
useful, but, on the contrary, pernicious, even if
no impediment existed in public opinion, or ia
constitutional law. It,would inevitably degrade
and corrupt elections, and that to an extent
fearful to contemplate. Electoral privilege is
a trust, as well as a right. It is, in fact, a pub-
lic duty rather than a personal privilege ; a duty
of the gravest importance, and requiring inde-
pendence, intelligence, and virtue in a high de-
gree to its proper exercise. Its strongest asd
most, persistent advocates are to be found among
politicians who perceive the true relation be-
tween eausc and effect; that ignorance can be
made to count hugely at elections, and that
party organizations, and public men who would
