1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
provision. of this kind is necessary for the reg-
ulation of immigrant ships coming to this coun-
try. But the power proposed by this section
to be given to the surveyor of the port is very
great. He will hold in his hands the control
of the whole business of immigration. I be-
lieve that the bill should contain some efficient
provision with reference to the measurement
of accommodations given to the immigrants.
I desire that those accommodations should be
the most comfortable and healthy. My object
is not to prevent, but to aid and facilitate
immigration. But it appears to me that by put-
ting this immense power in the hands of a
single officer we shall not so much facilitate
immigration as enable the power of one man
to control the whole system. There may be
some stringent necessity for giving this extreme
and unrestricted power to regulate the whole
of the immense immigration into the port of
■New York. Unless such necessity exists, I
think we should provide some system of checks,
such as do not now appear in the bill.
I have risen simply to call the attention of
the House to this section. I desire to make no
opposition to the bill, nor to any proper and
beneficent measure having the same object.
But this bill has been brought forward with
very little explanation. We should not, I
• think, be called upon to pass on such a meas-
ure without fully understanding it. Certainly
■we are entitled to have full information on this
subject.
- We are told that the section is vital, and
that we might as well vote down the entire bill
as to strike out this section. But that is no
answer to the demand for information. If the
gentleman has no practical information t o give,
the majority of the House can act under his
leadership. My object is not to defeat the
bill. I only ask whether the gentleman is able
to give a plausible reason why so much power
should be given to the naval surveyor as to
control immigration across the Atlantic ; that,
indeed, it should be left entirely and exclu-
sively in the hands of the surveyor of New
York.
Mr. DONNELLY. The proposition of the
gentleman from New York is to strike out the
fourteenth section of the bill. I will say, in
answer, that if the motion is adopted it will
strike out the vital portion of the pending
measure. Without that section the bill would
be a nullity.
The bill is intended in the main for the pro-
tection of immigrants to this country from being
overcrowded, as many of them are, on ship-
board. Wo find when we permjt. such over-
crowding we not only do great injustice to the
immigrant, hut we incur the danger to the
country, as we have already seen, of having a
terrible pestilence brought into our ports, and
thence spread over the land.
The section provides that every vessel carry-
ing immigrants shall bo surveyed so as to
ascertain whether overcrowding takes place;
and where overcrowding does take place a
penalty is imposed. It is the vital portion of
the bill.
I think the House and country are indebted
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
burne] for pressing through this bill. It is
not only a measure of safety for our own peo-
ple, but of humanity to those whom our laws
invite to our shores, who are to become citi-
zens among us, and whose immigration hither
should be encouraged by every proper means.
We must avoid these "horrors of the middle
passage," the recital of which, in the case of
the vessels which have lately reached New
York and Halifax, freighted with pcstilcuce,
revive the memory of the African slave trade.
Mi". WxiSHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. CHANLEE. If the gentleman demands
ths previous question, cutting off information,
1 must insist on my motion to strike out.
Mr. McRUER. I ask to amend the section
so that it will read as follows:
Sec. 14. And be it further enoctcd, That it shall bo
the duty of the naval surveyors at the various ports
to survey ships and vessels engaged in the carrying
of passengers under the laws of the United States,
and to certify under their hand and seal to the Com-
missioner of Immigration the space? in each Rich ship
or vessel oil the various dceks, said spaces to be classed
as first and second cabin and steerage, and how many
passengers the said ship or vessel may be entitled to
carry under the laws of the United States ill oaoh of
said spaces, classed as aforesaid, &e.
Mr. Speaker, my object in this amendment
is to provide that a ship entitled to carry one
thousand passengers, as follows: one hundred
in first cabin, two hundred in second cabin, and
seven hundred in steerage, shall not crowd the
whole number into the steerage or overcrowd
any other portion of a ship.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
not applicable to this, but to another measure
which the committee have been considering.
I insist on the demand for tho previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Ohani.er's motion was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBUliNIi, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that tho motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
ntOVOST MARSHAL GENERAL.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the select committee on the Provost Marshal's
Bureau, &c.: Messrs. Siieu.ahaiigeb, Wxndom,
Boyeh, Cook, and Waiixhk.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Wheiens, reports are freely circulated, find charges
made, that recruits were by fraudulent practices in-
duced to enlist ill tho armies of tho United States, in
tho city of New "Yolk and elsewhere, by oflleeis of
the Government, andothor poisons employed by such
officers to aid in i-ii'-h fraudulent practices; and
whereas it is alleged that such recruits when enlisted
weio deprived of their bounty and incitrcciated in
prison, and this bounty divided and shared between
such officers and tho persons who were employed by
them, and al.-o that persons encaged in the business
of recruiting for tho Army in the city of New York
and elsewhere, were also defrauded by such officers
and other poisons acting in concert, with them, and
largo amounts of money demanded and extorted
from them, and that they were imprisoned until such
demands were complied with, and were then imme-
diately released; and whereas it is important that,
the truth of theso Bravo charges should bo speedily
ascertained: Therefore,
licmhed, That tho select committeo of five ap-
pointed under the revolution of tiio .')i)!h ultimo, bo
directed to investigate such charges, and that they
tiavo full power to send lor persons and papers, and
repottUie results of such investigation to this House
us soon as practicable,
STARVING MOCNT.UNWSRS OP ALABAMA.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to submit the followingresolution
for the relief of the starving people of the
mountain districts of Alabama:
"Whereas it is reported by citizens of Alabama., in
formal memorial to the two Houses of Conprress, that
many of the people of the mountain districts of that
State aresuffcrinff from want of adcfluatesupplies of
food and that a considerable number of them have
died of actual starvation: Therefore,
Unsolved, That the President be requested to in-
struct tho proper officer or officers of the Bureau of
Itetusyees and Kreedmen to inquire into the condition
of said districts, and any other districts of the insur-
gent States, in which such sutfering may bo said to
exist, and.to relieve the people thereof, and provide
them with corn and other seed for planting acroiv
sufficient for an annual supply to each family requir-
ing such relief.
There was no objection.
Mr. SMITH. To what class does it refer?
Mr. KELLEY. Those who are referred to
in the memorial I had the honor to present
some time ago. They are white mountaineers
of Alabama, who served in either army. They
are the poor while people of northern Alabama.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will insert the word " white."
Mr. KELLEY. I do not suppose there are
any colored people in those mountains. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
The question" then recurred on the adoption
of tho preamble ; and it was also agreed to. ;
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ILLINOIS SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. BOSS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for reference. I do not want
to place myself in tho condition of some other
gentlemen claiming the crcdit of manufactur-
ing this bill. It was one that was passed at
the last Congress. It is a bill to construct a
ship-canal for the passage of armed and naval
vessels from the Mississippi river to Lake Mich-
igan, and for other purposes.
Tho bill was read a first aud second time, and
referred to the Committee on lloads and Canals.
LONG BRIDGE.
Mr. ROLLINS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Iteaolvcd, That the Committeo for tho District of
Columbia, bo instructed to inquireinto the facts con-
cerning the interruption of travel over Long Bridge,
and report tho reasons why said bridgo is allowed to
remain impassablo for months.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that tho motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO OFFICKRS, SOLDIERS, AND SEAMEN.
Mr. SOIlENClv, by unanimous consent, from
tho Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back without amendment Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 04, expressive of the gratitude of the
nation to the otlicers, soldiers, and seamen of
the U uited States.
The joint resolution was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which tho joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
TAX ON CIIUJ)tO MiTJlOLEUJI.
Mr. MOOHHEAD. I now ask leave to re-
port from the Committee of Ways and Means
a joint resolution to provide for the exemption
of crude petroleum from internal tax or duty,
and for other purposes.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. ROSS. 1 supposed this was intended
for reference,
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I object to the intro-
duction of the joint, resolution.
Mr. MOOllliliAD. I will explain.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. 1 have no objection
to an explanation, hut I shall object after it is
explained.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. It was reported unani-
mously by the committee. A committee from
the oil region came down here and showed a
terrible state of affairs, arson and anarchy, in
consequence of this act. These gentlemen ap-
peared before tho committee and satisfied us
that it was a state of affairs that required prompt
action. The same provision is in the bill. This
will only make it act three oi four weeks sooner.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. Why not send the
soldiers to put the burning down?
Mr. MOORIIEAD. That would be very
expensive.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this joint resolution? The
Chair hears none, and the joint resolution is
before the House.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I do not withdraw
mv objection.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair asked if there
was objection, and paused, and no jperson
objected.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Kutkexpali,] did
persist in his objection, and I am bound m jus-
tice to sav that gentlemen all around here heard
him. He objected when the Chair called tor
objection.
