4236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
authorize us to do it. In addition to (hat I am
impelled by the universal claims of woman-
hood to do so in consideration of the manner
in which she has been assailed on-the present
occasion ; and impelled by these considerations
I shall give a hearty and a cordial support to
the measure.
Mr. HOWARD. .1 desire to have the pend-
ing amendment reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in line eight, after the word " plaster" to
insert "to his acceptance;" so that the resolu-
tion will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior bo, and ho hereby
is, authorized and directed to contract with Miss
Vinnio Ream for a life-size model and statue of the
late Prosident, Abraham Lincoln, to be executed by
her at a price not exceeding $10,000: one half paya-
ble on completion of the model in plaster to his ac-
ceptance, and the remaining half on completion of
the statue in marble to his acceptance.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
■will be adopted. I desire Senators to recol-
lect one thing connected with this matter, and
it is a very plain one.- It is this: this artist,
whatever may be her genius or want of genius,
has never made a marble statue. Where is
the member of this body that can deny that
statement? Shall we employ an artist to per-
form such a work as this—a statue which we
are expected to put in the Capitol, one worthy
of its great subject and of the nation itself—
who has never even made a statue? In the
common transactions of life, in ordinary busi-
ness, what would such a step as this bo called?
I will not characterize it further than merely to
state the fact. I cannot vote for a measure
like this to employ an artist who has had abso-
lutely no experience in making statues.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tiie Senator from
Vermont,.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays on this question. Let us
see who are going to givo the money away.
'file yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SPRAGUE (when his name was called)
said:, 1 have paired off with the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Nbnmitii,] who is necessarily
engaged on a committee of conference. Other-
wise 1 should vote for the amendment, and
against (lie resolution, and he would voteaguinsi
the amendment and for the resolution.
The result was announced—yeas 7, nays 22,
as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Poolittlc, Eihmnwl?, He ward. Kirk-
wood, Morean, Ramsey, and fnunnei —7.
NAYS—Mrssrs. Chandler, Cinrh, Coiines*, Cowan,
Crcswell, D.ivis, FihUt, Guthiie, Ifmvc, Lane, Mc-
Dongiill. Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomoroy, Riddle,
Kos-s, Htewart, Trumbull, "Wade, Williams, and
Yates,—2£
A1JSENT
Cranio, l>i:
llemler^ou, .. . _    ,  
Snukbury, Phcrman, Snrague, Van Winkle, Willcy!
Wilson, and Wright—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is very evident that
a majority of the Senate are determined to pass
this resolution, and there is no use in making
further opposition to it. Let us come to a vote
upon it. [" Vot.el" "Vote!"] After that I want
to move an executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. Move it, now.
Mr. DOO LITTLE. No, I will not do it now.
The Senate evidently want to come to a vote
on this question, and 1 will nol, interfere.
[" Question!" " Question I"]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question as soon as debate termi-
nates.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, and read the third time.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. SUMNER called
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
resolution, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 9: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cotmess, Cowan, Cres-
well, Davis, Doohttle. Foster. Fowler, Guthrie, Howe,
Johnson, McDouKiill. Nesmith, Norton, Nye. Poland,
Pomeroy, lloss, Stewart, Trumbull, Wade, Williams,
and Yates—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Edmunds, Howard, Kirkwood,
(\S—Si.
11SKNT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Jiuckalcw,
sin, Dixon, i'essondoti, Fowler, Grimes, Harris,
ulersou, llendricks, Johnson, Monill, Nesmilh,
Lane, Morgan, Sprague, Sumner, Vail Winkle, and
Willey—9.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Bnckalew,
Clark, Cragin, Dixon, Fessenden, Grimes, Harris,
Henderson, Hendricks, Morrill, Ramsey, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Wilson, and Wright—18.
So the joint resolution was passed.
'ASSASSINATION lUSWAItDS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move an execu-
tive session.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope the Senator will
allow me to make a report.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will yield for that
purpose, if my motion will be considered as
pending.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 801)
authorizing the payment of the rewards offered
by the President of the United States and the
officers of the War Department in April and
May, 1805, for the capture of Jefferson Davis
and the assassins of the late President, Abra-
ham Lincoln, and the Secretary of State, Hon.
William H. Seward, to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage; and
I hope that the Senate will proceed to its con-
sideration at once.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall take that
bill into present consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are objections to
that bill, 1 understand.
_ The PRESiDING OFFICER, (Mr. Axthony
in the chair.) Is there any objection to the
present consideration of the bill just reported
by the Senator from Rhode Island?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. Objection
being made, it cannot be considered at the
present time.
IT.OvrSrOXAL COl'KT IX LOtrrSIAXA.
Mr. POLAND. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 408, which has been reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary without
any amendment,, and will take but a moment.
There will be no objection to it.
Mr. DOOLlTTLli. This is all subject to
my motion for an executive session, I presume.
If that bill will take but a moment while the
galleries are being cleared, I will not object;
hut 1 want to have an order now for an execu-
tive session, and then Senators can pass these
little matters.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hops we may bo allowed
to act on one or two little bills.
Mr. POLAND. The bill I desire 1o take
up will not interfere with the executive session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I make the motion for
an executive session. It, is necessary that cer-
tain papers be referred. Alter we go into ex-
ecutive session, the doors can be considered
open from time to time to consider these other
matters, and in that way we can dispose of
much of this business that must, be done and
at, the same time go on with the executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CHANDLER,. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmuxds] has withdrawn his ob-
jection, as I understand, to the consideration
of House bill No. 801, just reported by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that willbe with-
drawn for me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is objection to
that award bill.
Mr. POLAND. I believe I had the floor on
mo-ving to take up House bill No. 468.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the motion for an executive
session was made while the President pro tem-
pore, was in the Chair.
Mr. POLAND. I think no motion was
made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the motion was pending when the
President pro tempore called the present occu-
pant to the Chair. If that be not the case, the
Senator from Vermont is entitled to the Chair.
Mr. POLAND. The Senator from Wis-
consin gave notice that he would make the
motion. I hope this bill will be taken up. We
could have passed it in half the time that has
been taken in discussing the order of busi-
ness.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont having the floor, unless he
yielded it to the Senator from Wisconsin, the
Senator from Wisconsin could not make the
motion to proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business.
Mr. CLARK. He made the motion before
the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague]
made his report.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I made the motion for
an executive session; and by unanimous con-
sent, while the galleries were being cleared,
preliminary to final action, some one asked
permission to take up a little bill, and it was
done informally, but subject, as I supposed, to
the motion I had made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If such be
the state of facts, the motion of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin is in order. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Scr-
geant-at-Arms will clear the galleries and close
the doors.
Mr. POLAND. While the galleries are be-
ing cleared, 1 ask that the doors may be con-
sidered open in order to take up the bill I have
named.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 408) to provide for
the suits, judgments, and business of the Uni-
ted States provisional court for the State of
Louisiana. It proposes to transfer all suits,
causes, prosecutions, and proceedings in the
United States provisional court for the Slate
of Louisiana, with its records to the United
States district court for the eastern district of
Louisiana; and all suits, causes, prosecutions,
and proceedings so transferred are to be pro-
ceeded with in that court and tried and deter-
mined, and process and judgment issued and
executed therein in the same manner and with
like effect as if they had been commenced ori-
ginally in the district court ; but any suit or
proceeding so transferred, of which the circuit
court could take jurisdiction under the laws
of the United States is, in like manner to be
heard and determined in the circuit court.
In case suits or proceedings are pending in
the provisional court which could not have
been instituted in the circuit or district court,
the record is to remain in the district court
without further action therein. All judgments,
orders, decrees, and decisions of the United
States provisional court for the State of Lou-
isiana, relating to the causes transferred to the
district court of the eastern district of Louisi-
ana, or to the circuit court held in the district,
are at once to become the judgments, orders,
decrees, and decisions of the district court, or
the circuit court, unless they are inconsistent
with the rules and proceedings thereof; and
may be enforced, pleaded, and proved, as the
judgments, orders, decrees, or decisions of the
district court or the circuit court.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COLONEL LEWIS K FIX.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope that by general
consent the doors will be considered open and
that the Senate may proceed to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 207) for
the relief of Colonel Lewis F. Fix. It is a
very small matter, but it is very important to
him that it should pass.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let the executive mes-
