1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. STEVENS'. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and move to amend by
reducing the appropriation from $3,000,000 to
.$2,000,000.
VMr. SPALDING. That is right.
, ,Mt. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that the committee on freedmen have
fiven this subject some examination; and I
©sire to suggest to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvaaia whether it would not be well to refer
tikis matter to that committee, that.they may
report upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. There seems to be some
difficulty among gentlemen around me, because
they are not well informed in regard to this
matter. I desire to say a word of explanation.
These commissary stores, for instance, are
stores furnished out of what is already on hand.
These stores, instead of being sold, have been
furnished, and are still being furnished, to
these freedmen, and they are charged to this
bureau. These stores are furnished, not only
to the freedmen, but also to the refugees in
much larger proportion.
Qne word as to ihe necessity for appropria-
tions for transportation. I have in my hand a
note from General Howard, stating that with-
out an appropriation it is impossible for him
to furnish the necessary transportation to these
people. Numbers are flocking into this city
to whom he desires to furnish transportation;
but he cannot do so. He has gone as far as
the Secretary of War will allow him to go un-
der the present appropriation. I will ask the
chairman of the committee on freedmen [Mr.
Euot] to state whether these things are neces-
sary or not.
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to the inquiry of the
fentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevkns]
will state that this subject has not been par-
ticularly examined before the committee on
freedmen. But I have personally, as a mem-
ber of the House, taken some pains to ascer-
tain, by inquiry at the office of the Commis-
sioner of the Frcedmen's Bureau, in regard to
these items of appropriation ; and I should be
very glad to answer any inquiry which any
gentleman on the floor may feel disposed to
put concerning the propriety of any of these
items.
In respect to the appropriation that is called
for in connection with the quartermaster's de-
partment, I would state that except the clothes
which properly belong to women and children,
all the clothing has been obtained from the
quartermaster's department at the values of the
articles. They have been charged, so far as
they have been heretofore obtained, to the
bureau. The estimate is made here showing
the amount which will bo wanted during the
coming year, not to go into the market and
purchaseclothing, but to go to the quartermaster
with requisitions, so that clothing which would
. otherwise be sold for half price—for there is a
very large amount on hand—will be sold to the
Frcedmen's Bureau at full price. It is not
talcing money from the Treasury at all; it is
simply to enable the Freedmen's Bureau to
purchase from the quartermaster's department
clothing which that department lias now on
hand. That does not, of course, include the
clothing for women and dependent children.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire in
reference to the first section of the bill. I
notice that it provides these sums shall be ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury
not oth^fwise appropriated, for the support of
the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, for the fiscal year commencing
January, 1866. I want to know, what the
support of abandoned lands means.
Air. ELIOT. That is simply the title of the
bureau. The law creates a bureau of Refu-
gees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. First the bureau is pro-
vided, and then we have freedmen, and next
abandoned lands.
Mr. ELIOT. It is the name of the bureau,
and that is all. In regard to the transportation
I will say a word.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Allow me to ask another
question before the gentleman proceeds. Has
this expense been incurred, or is the appro-
priation to bo hereafter used? If a part has
been incurred, what portion is hereafter to be
used?
. Mr. ELIOT. Which appropriation does the
gentleman refer to?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I mean in die aggregate.
Mr. ELIOT. It would be impossible to
answer that question accurately; a portion has
been used and a portion is to be used.
In regard to transportation, about twenty-
two thousand refugees and freedmen have^been
transported, and those twenty-two thousand
have been charged by the quartermaster's
department to the Freedmen's Bureau. That
has all to come out of this appropriation. It
is estimated that about forty-four thousand
will want to be transported, if the gentleman
desires it I will state who they arc and what
they arc. There are in this District, because
of the war and because of the demand for labor,
some four or five thousand who can have homes
provided for them by the Government, and
who will cost nothing to the Government when
they have been removed to these homes.a They
cannot get there now, and a part of this is to
pay that expense.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How much of the threo
millions for sites for school-houses and asylums
has been expended?
Mr. ELIOT. There has been no money
appropriated for or expended in the purchase
of lauds or buildings 1 am aware of.
1 will say, Mr. Speaker, there is 110 school
the expenses of which have been borne by the
Government. It has never paid for any tuition.
All the expenses of tuition have been defrayed
by benevolent associations of the North and
West. There are some thirteen or fourteen
hundred teachers employed, and there are
some ninety to one hundred thousand scholars.
Mr. ELIMtlDUE. 1 desire to know whether
this S3,000,000 has been founded upon any
report?
Mr. ELIOT. It has been.
Mr. ELDRIDGR. How, if that $3,000,000
bo necessary, can $1,000,000 bo stricken off,
without consultation with any committee or
bureau, without impairing the efficiency of this
service ?
Mr. ELIOT. It cannot be done. This esti-
mate of $3,000,000 was founded upon a certain
amount for each school and for a certain num-
ber of schools, so much for each school. In
some portions of the South the price of land
and building is larger than in other portions.
The estimate, so for as it could be, lias been
accurately made at the Department. ^ Striking
down the appropriation $1,000,000 it will dis-
able the bureau from accommodating as many
as if it had S3,000,000.
Let me say there are a great many scholars,
children of white people, who are instructed as
woll as the children of freedmen.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On what report is the
estimate made?
Mr. ELIOT. On the report submitted by
the Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau ;
and on a report in reply to the Committee on
Appropriations.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] has either here on his desk or at his
room a communication from the Commissioner
stating in detail the items which he wants, and
the reason why they are needed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But I wish to know if
the committee have made any report upon
which we can act intelligibly upon this or any
other item in this bill.
Mr. ELIOT. A report has been made from
the Bureau of Refugees and Freedmen ; the
gentleman will find it among his documents.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What I ask is whether
the committee have made any report.
Mr. ELIOT. What committee?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The committee report-
ing this bill.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will state that we eon-
I sidered this item for school-houses and asylums
three or four- times in the committee, and it
was fully discussed.
Mr. NIBLAC1L I would inquire how the
titles of these school-houses and. asylums pro-
posed to be built by the bureau, are to be taken.
Mr. ELIOT. In the name of the- United
States; all the property will belong to the, Uni-
ted States.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does this constitute a
permanent system or a temporary one.?'.
Mr. ELIOT. It must necessarily be tem-
porary as we all presume. It is one of those
things which we cannot get clear of. It is
temporary, but it costs something now. Let
me say that the buildings which have been
heretofore used for school-houses have been
taken from the rebels who had formerly occu-
pied them. School-houses were deserted and
abandoned hero and there which could be made
available. But now these buildings have been
taken from the possession of the bureau and
have been substantially returned to the owners,
and the time has come when these one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand children, white
and black, will be taken from their buildings _
unless the Government for a season interposes.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the genfclemanWlow
mc to ask upon what authority he makes the
assertion that if the public school-houses in the
South erected for the education of white chil-
dren are returned to the white people of the
South, the white children will be kept out of
school?
Mr. ELIOT. I have not said any such thing.
Mr. CHANLER. I understood the gentlo-
mun to say that unless this appropriation was
made for these school-houses which have been
seized by the Government,, formerly held by
the rebels, now used for white and black chil-
dren, these children will be turned out. Ho
made that assertion, and I want, him to state
upon what authority he can show this House
that the white children of the South are edu-
cated by this bureau ; and I want him to show
by what authority the education of Ihe white
children will bo lessened by not following out
his plan.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot consent to get myself
into a controversy with the gentleman now.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not want any contro-
versy. I want an answer to the question.
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman hasgotthrough
I will try to answer him. 1 have not, said that
the white children of the So.uth were educated
with the black children. I have said no such
thing. Nor have I stated anything from which
such mi inference could be drawn. What I
said was simply this: that in conducting the
affairs of the bureau, education has been given
to the children of refugees as well as to the
children of freedmen. And this : that where
a school-house which has been used, or another
building which has been used for the education,
under the administration of the bureau, of freed-
men's childrenandof white children, shallhave
been taken from the bureau, that school would
be broken up unless the Government interposed.
That is all I designed to say.
Mr. CHANLER. Thcjn I suppose I misun-
derstood the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I certainly understood
the gentleman to say that the white and black
children were educated together,
Mr. ELIOT. Well, 1 hope I have put it right
now. I did not mean any such thing as that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Thalis not the fact, then?
Mr. ELIOT. I do not know anything about
it. I suppose all shades of color arc to be found
there, and it would be hard to distinguish some
of them from white.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If that is the case, then
the gentleman referred to these mixed raees
only.
jir. ELIOT. The gentleman must inquire
of his Democratic friends; they know much
more about that than we do. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELI) RIDGE. I do not think they under-
stand the Freedmen's Bureau better than the
gentleman does. He has been the father ot
that, measure, if not of any of tliese coiozed
children. [Laughter.]
