i88a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42M
sages be read and referred, and then I will
consent.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It will take but a mo-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well; I will not
object.
-By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive sesston.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now I insist on the
executive session.
The Senate (at twelve o'clock and tvrenty
minutes) proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business; and the doors were reopened
at twenty minutes before two o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, July 28.
message from the iiousb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McRiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No. 400) to fix the compensation of
certain collectors of customs, and for other
purposes.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; wliich were
thereupon signed by the Presidentpro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 223) to revive and extend the
provisions of an act granting the right'of way
and making a grant of land to the States
of Arkansas and Missouri, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from a point upon the
Mississippi, opposite the mouth of the Ohio
river, via Little Rock, to the Texas boundary,
near Pulton, in Arkansas, with branches to
Fort Smith and the Mississippi river, approved
February 9, 1853, and for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 354) for the relief of William
Croswell.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 810) for the relief of
Rebecca J. Sheppard, was read twice by its
title and referred to the Committee on Claims.
collectors of customs.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on Senate bill If o. 400, to fix
the compensation of ecrtain collectors of customs,
and for other purposes, recommend that the Senate
recede from their disagreement to tile amendments
of the House and agree to ihe same, with an amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out. including the words inserted by the
House, all after the words "deputy collector," in
line nine, page 2 of the bill, down to and including
the word " customs," in the fourteenth line, same
page, and insert in lieu thereof the following: "at
the ports of New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, New Orleans, Portland, and San Francisco,
and to each of the general appraisers of local cus-
toms of Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Or-
leans, Portland, and San Francisco, £3,000 per an-
num. To each of the deputy naval officers and the
deputy surveyors at New York, Boston, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, New Orleans, Portland, and San
vVaucisco, $2,500; and to each of the custom-house
weighers at theportsof New York, Boston, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, New Orleans, Portland, and San
Francisco, §2,000 per annum, out of the appropria-
tion for expenses of collecting tho revenue irom cus-
toms: Provided, That tho additional compensation
of twenty-five per cent., as now provided by law,
shall be continued to officers, as aforesaid, at the port
of San Francisco and the Ilonse agree to the same.
E. D. MORGAN,
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
WILLIAM T. WILLEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
SAMUEL HOOPER,
JOHN L. THOMAS.
GLENNI W. SOOFIELD,
' Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
deficiencies in appropriations.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 791) being " An act to supply deheien-
I'
eies in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending Juue SO, 1866, and for other purposes,"
having met, after full and free conference have agreed
to rccommend, and do rccommcnd, to their respective
Houses as follows:
ThattheHouseof Representatives recede from their
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate, num-
bered six, eight, eleven, twenty, twenty-one, and
thirty, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered sixteen and twenty-six.
That the Houso recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered seventeen,
and agree to the same with amendments as follows:
insert in the second line of said amendment, after the
word "expenses," the word "actually," and in the
sixth and seventh lines of said amendment strike
out the words " twenty-five" and insert in lieu thereof
the- word " ten."
That the Houso recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
strike out all after tho word " dollars," in line four, to
the end of the section.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the amendment of
the Senate numbered twenty-eight, and agree to the
same. w. P. FESSENDEN,
J. B. HENDERSON,
C. 11. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the Yiart of the Senate.
JOHN A.KASSON,
H. J. RAYMOND,
SAMUEL J. RANDALL,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. OONNESS. I hope the Senator will
give us some statement of the points.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can Jo that by taking
up the bill and examining it.
Mr. CONNESS. A brief statement is all I
desire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose there is no
information wanted in regard to the amend-
ments to which the House agree. We recede
from our sixteenth amendment, which was an
appropriation of $40,000 to pay the indebted-
ness for the Indian service in the State of Ore-
gon and Territory of Washington. We recede
from the twenty-sixth amendment, which was
an appropriation of $000 for compensation to
a clerk engaged in the sale of internal revenue
stamps in California. We recede from the
twenty-eighth amendment, which related to
the payment of sums due to marshals and oth-
ers for taking the census in the South. The
twenty-seventh amendment is arranged so as
to meet the provision of the bill in regard to
allowances to our clerks, &c.
The report was concurred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following Sen-
ate bills without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 43) to prescribe the mode of
settling the accounts of the clerk of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 353) for tho relief of the trust-
ees and stewards of the Mission church of the
Wyandotte Indians; and
A bill (S. No. 447) for the admission of the
State'of Nebraska into the Union.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. T present a report from
the committee of conference on the civil or
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (M. R. No. 737) making appropriations tor sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1SG7, and for other purposes, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
rccommcnd, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows: _ , „
That tho House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the benate
numbered 6, 7,11,12, 13,16, 19, 32, 33, 48, 49, and 5o,
and aprree to the same. .
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 4,14,15,17, 24, 2o, 34, do, Si, 38,39,40,41,1~,
^That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the eighth amendment ot the Senate.
That the Senate a?ree to the amendment ot the
House to the ninth amendment of the benate.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the twenty-sixth amendment ot the benate, ana
agree to the same. .
That the Senate a.sree to the amendment ot the
House to the thirtieth amendment of tne benate.
That the House recede iroin their amendment to
the fifty-second amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreementto
the fifty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same, with an amendment, as follows: at the
end of said amendment add the following: *'And pro-
vided further, That the pay of the Speaker shall be-
$8,000 per annum.'"
Th at th o House reced e from so much of th eir amend-
ment to the twenty-second amendment of the Senate
as proposes to strike out the words following: "for
the continuation of the work on the north portico of
the Patent Office building, 650,000;" and also recede
from so much of their amendment to the twenty-sec-
ond amendment of tho Senate us proposes to .strike
out as follows: on page 7, line eight, from thewprd
"for'' down to and including tho word "dollars" in-
line fourteen, with an amendmeht as follows: insaid
last clause strike out the words "one hundred" and
insert in lieu thereof the word "fifty," and the Sen-
ate agree to the same, and also to so much of the
amendment of the Houso to the said twenty-second
amendment as proposes to strike out all after the
word " dollars," in line two, on page 7, down to and
including the word "necessary," in line eight on the
same page.
That the House recede from its amendment to the
Senate amendment numbered fifty-four, and agree
to the same, with an amendment as follows: in line
two, after the word "clerks,'* insert "committee
clerks;" in line three, after the words "messengers
and," insert "all;" in same line, after the word "Sen-
ate," insert "and House of Representatives, and to
the Globe and official reporters of cach House, and
tho stenographer of the Ilouso, and to the Capitol
policc, and the three superintendents .of public gar-
dens and their clerks ^irtnn^
W. P. F1SSSBNUEN,
ItEVERDY JOHNSON,
Manu(/ej-.s on the part of the Senate 
TIIAPDKUS STEVENS,
V. C. LB BLONl),
Mimagers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course,
from the more reading of the skeleton report
Senators will not understand what lias been
done, but I desire to state what has been done
with the amendments.
The Senate recede from the amendment with
regard to the alteration of the Senate Cham-
ber ; the House were decidedly against it. The
Senate recede from the appropriation of a mil-
lion and a half for the levees in Louisiana,
Mississippi, and Arkansas, the House having
by a very decided vote committed themselves
against it, and the conferees on the part of the
House being- decidedly opposed to it. The
Serate also recede from some minor amend-
ments.
The House recede from their disagreement
to the amendment in regard to Dr. Baxter's
report, and adopt it. They have also agreed to
the action of the Senate as to certain light-
houses and some Indian treaties. They have
also agreed to the St. Paul custom-house, but
the amount is reduced to $50,000. 'Ihe amend-
ment increasing the pay of midshipmen by
allowing them a ration per day is concurred in.
In regard to the question of the compensa-
tion of members, I may say that the House
took us by surprise. The vote of the House
was so very decided against that amendment
to-day that I supposed nothing was lett for us
but to abandon the amendment, which the
Senate conferees were prepared to do, but the
House conferees receded from their disagree-
ment, and therefore the amendment was con-
curred in and it stands in the bill just as we
sent it 'to the House. There was no action on
that question on the part of the conferees of
the Senate except simply to obey the action of
the Senate. The House conferees relieved us
from all trouble on that, point.
The Senate amendment proposing an allow-
ance of twenty per cent, to the employes of
the Senate was amended so as to include the
employes of the House of Representatives in
the same percentage, and the provisions in-
serted by the House in the deficiency bill on
that subject were as a matter of course aban-
doned, so that the employes of the House and
Senate cach get twenty per cent, additional.
It is extended also to the reporters ot the Globe
in both Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it include the Cap-
itol police ?
Mb. SUMNER. And the clerks of the com-
mittees? ,
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, all the employes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And the reporters also
in our House as well as in the other !
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes sir. The House
