1868.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
3277
and also House joint resolution No. fl to amend
the Constitution of the United States, with a
recommendation that these several joint reso-
lutions be indefinitely postponed ; and for the
purpose of removing them from the Calendar,
I ask that they be acted upon at the present
time, stating that ali of these joint resolutions
to amend the Constitution relate to amend-
ments which have already been adopted by the
two Houses. There is, therefore, no occasion
for their appearing on the Calendar, and I ask
that the report be considered at this time with
the view of indefinitely postponing them.
The joint resolutions were indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (8. It.
No. 73) for the relief of loyal citizens of the
counties of Berkeley and J efferson, in the State
of West Virginia, have instructed mo to report
it back with a recommendation that it bo indef-
initely postponed. A bill which came from the
House of Representatives has already passed
both Houses upon this subject, rendering this
resolution unnecessary. 1 ask that the report
be acted upon at once.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I did not understand
what the- subject was. x
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a joint resolution
introduced by the Senator's colleague in refer-
ence to claims arising in the counties of Berke-
ley and Jefferson. A bill covering the same
provision came from the House of Representa-
tives the other day and was concurred in by
the Senate, so that the subject is already dis-
posed of, and it is unnecessary to consider this
resolution.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I understand it, now.
I did not catch what the Senator said in the
first place.
The joint resolution was postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am also instructed by
the same committee to report back the bill (S.
No. 232) to provide appropriate legislation to
enforce article thirteen of the amendments
to the Constitution abolishing slavery in the
United States, with a, recommendation that it
be indefinitely postponed, the subject having
already been acted upon by the Senate.
•The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. TliUMBlJLL, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred a concurrent resolution of the two
Houses directing the standing Committees of
both Houses on Public Buildings and Grounds
to inquire and report what further piovisions,
if any, should be made for the accommodation
of the State Department., reported a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 110) to authorize the hiring
of a building or buildings for the temporary
accommodation of the Department of State ;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred a petition of citizens of Albemarle
county, Virginia, praying for the passage of an
act exempting Dr. Charles Brown from the
limitation of the patent laws, and that he may
receive a patent for his invention, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (II.
R. No. 4'Jo) for the relief of Mary A. Patrick,
reported it without amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Annie E.
Dixon, widow of Major Honrv T. Dixon, late
a paymaster in the United States Army, pray-
ing for a pension, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration and that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and me
Militia: which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (IT. R. No. CS-1) granting a
pension to Mrs. Mary A. McManus, widow of
Captain Andrew McManus. late of the sixty-
ninth Pennsylvania volunteer infantry, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 452) to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to accept League Island, in the Dela-
ware river, for naval purposes, and to dispense
with and dispose of the site of the existing
yard at Philadelphia, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Drusey A. Layman, praying for a pension,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 876) granting a pension to Drusey A. Lay-
man. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
EMIL COIIEN.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. (301) changing the name of Emil Co-
hen, have instructed me to report it back with
a recommendation that it pass. I suppose
there will be no objection to acting upon it at
this tune and disposing of it. It is merely
changing a person's name to correspond with
the family name.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. Jtauthor-
izes Emil Cohen, of the city of Washington,
in the District of Columbia, to take and use
the surname of Comely, and that his name
hereafter be Comely; and all acts done and
entered, into by that name are to have the same
effect and operation in law as if his name had
originally been Emil Comely, of Washington,
ill (he District of Columbia.
The bill was reported to (lie Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WIDOW OF OEXHUAL HURRY.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 am instructed by
the Committee on Pensions, to whom was re-
l'eired the bill (S. No. 37-r>) to amend an act
granting a pension to the widow of the late
JSljjor General Hiram G. Berry, to report it
back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass. A pension bill was
passed for her benefit some two years ago by
a wrong name, a wrong name having been given
in the petition. This is simply to amend the
given name. She lias lain out of the pension
now for more than a year, and the committee
ask me to request the Senate to consider the
bill now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded (o con-
sider the bill. In the act granting a pension
to the widow of the late Major General Hiram
G. Berry, approved March 3, 1805, she was
erroneously called " Eliza Berry," and the bill
therefore directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Elmira M. Berry, widow
of Major General lliraui G. Berry, on thepen-
sion-rolls, instead of Eliza Berry, as provided
for in that act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMERICAN STATE PAPERS.
Mr. IIOWE. The Joint Committee on the
Library having had under consideration the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 148) to authorize
the distribution of surplus copies of the Amer-
ican State Papers in the custody of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, have directed me to report
it back with a recommendation that it pass. I
suppose there will be no objection to its con-
sideration at this time.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to distribute by mail or otherwise four
hundred copies of the American State Papers,
second series, in seventeen volumes, in the
following manner: to each member of the
Senate and House of Representatives of the
present Congress, one copy of each volume ;
and to such public and college libraries as may
be designated by the Joint Committee on the
Library, one copy each.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRAG IN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce the fol-
lowing bills ; which were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia :
A bill (S. No. 377) to amend an act entitled
"An act to enable, guardians and committees
of lunatics, appointed in the several States,
to act within the District of Columbia," ap-
proved March 8, 18G-1; and
.A bill (S. No. 378) to provide for the adop-
tion of children and change of names in the
District of Columbia/.
Mr. IIOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. Ill) for the relief of Ser-
geant Milton McKinnon ; which was read twice
bv its title and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 379) to amend the several acts to indem-
nify the States for expenses incurred by them
in defense of the United States; which was
read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 380) to incorporate the Washington County
Horse Railroad Company in the District of
Conmbia; which was read twice by its title
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
EXPENDITURES POR PUBLIC WORKS.
Mr. MORUILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to:
Whereas a .statement of the expenditures of tho
United States lor the vnrious public works of the
Government, in each State and Territory of tne Union
Irom i78lJ to I860, was made in reply to a resolution
of the itoupo ofKopresontatives by the Secretary of
the Treasury under date of July 12,1801, (Executive
Document No. SI, Thirty-Seventh Congress, lirst ses-
sion.) Therefoie,
Jirm/vfil, That tlie President be requested to fur-
thei inform tho Senate of the amount expended for
the same purposes in each State and Tern to i .y of the
Union and in the District of Columbia to the closo
of the year 1865.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 320.
'The motion was agreed to ; and tho bill (S-
No. 320) to amend an act entitled "An act for
a grant of lands to the State of Kansas, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads and telegraphs in said State,"
approved March 3, 1863, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Whenever it shall be deemed impracticable
or inexpedient to construct any portion of the
Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Ee railroad in
the manner required by the act of March 3,
18(33, and whenever the Governor of Kansas
shall certify to the Secretary of tho Interior
that upon such portion, in lieu thereof, the
railroad company have constructed a road suit-
able for the running of a steam traction engine
with its train of cars over the same, the grant
of lands in that act made shall be confirmed to
the State for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of the road, and in all other respects
as in that act provided ; but the amount of
lands granted in that act, when applied to the
construction of a steam traction road, shall be
three alternate sections of laud per mile% des-
ignated by odd numbers, on each side ot the
road ; and patents are to issue upon the com-
pletion of every twelve miles of road upon the
certificate of the Governor.
By the second section the company is to con-
struct the roadway from the boundary line of
the State of Kansas, through the Territories of
the United States, on the most eligible route
to Santa F6, in the Territory of New Mexico,
and to such Government forts in that Territory
as the President of the United States may ap-
