3278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
prove; and the company is to have tlie right
of way through the public domain to the ex-
tent of two hundred feet on each side of the
road. And for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of the roadway and its equipment
and to secure the safe and speedy transmission
of the mails, troops, munitions of war, and sup-
plies over the road, the same amount of land
not mineral, (but not excluding iron or coal,) is
granted to the company, as in the first section of
this act is provided, and upon the same terms
and conditions, but upon the certificate of a
commissioner appointed by the Secretary of
the Interior that the conditions have been
complied with.
These grants are made only upon condition
that the road shall be constructed in a sub-
stantial and workmanlike manner, with all
necessary culverts, bridges, viaducts, cross-
ings, stations, and watering places, and other
appurtenances, including engines and cars
sufficient to move not less than fifty tons, or
two hundred passengers, in one train, at a rate
of six miles an hour.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to change the phrase-
ology in order to improve the language of the
first section. In lino four I move to strike out
the word ''said" and insert tlie word '; the ;''
. and in line six to strike out the word "said"
and insert the word "the."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection being a verbal correction will be made
if there be no objection.
Mr. HARRIS. In line six, after "the word
"State" I wish to insert the words " of Kan-
sas."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That alter-
ation will also be made in order to make the
bill more explicit.
Mr. HARRIS. In line eight I desire to
strike out the words "said radroad company
have cousfmcted."
Thi! PRES1DIONT^wo tempore. That alter-
ation will also be made.
Mr. HARRIS. In li ne ten, after the word
"same" I desire to insert the words "has
been constructed."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those words
will be inserted if there bo no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. Hoes that enlarge the grant?
Mr. HARRIS. No; it diminishes it. It
gives these throe sections of land, instead of
ten, that they had under the old grant.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to hear the
Senator from New York state what the bill is.
What sort of a railway is this to be?
Mr. HARRIS. A bill was passed in 1803
authorizing the construction of two or three
roads, and among others one from Topeka to
Santa Ee, and granting ten sections of land—
the usual grant of lands. This company now
desires to construct a part of the road for the
purpose of operating a traction engine.
Mr. GRIMES. What is that?
Mr. HARRIS. An engine to run without
rails ; and this bill provides that if they do that
they may have three sections of land instead
of ten. They make the roadway, and do every-
thing but lay the rails, and then run the engine.
It is over a lo\el country, I understand, and
they are desirous to try this experiment. If
they can succeed in it it will be a very great
thing.
^ Mr. MORRILL. I should like to ask the
Senator whether that is not an experiment
entirely.
Mr. HARRIS. They cannot get the land
unless they succeed. The bill provides that
they are obliged to make I he roadway and to
put upon it this engine that will carry fifty
tons, and if they succeed in that they get three
sections of land, three of the ten sections that ,
they are now already allowed if they lay down
rails.
Mr. MORRILL. The grant depends upon
the success of the experiment?
Mr. HARRIS. Certainlv.
. Mr. POME ROY. This is only what we have
given to other places for wagon roads. I have
my doubts about the experiment, but I want
to try it. If they succeed, it will be a great
thing; if they do not, there will not be any-
thing lost.
Mr. WADE. I desire to inquire whether
this road runs through the Indian Territory.
Mr. HARRIS. I believe not, though the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
can tell that, better than I.
Mr. WADE. I can hardly see how it can
run anywhere else.
Mr. POMEROY. It runs through country
not settled by anybody.
Mr. WADE. But on an Indian reserva-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir: I do not know
that there is any reservation there. It runs
on the regular Santa Fe road, which has been
in operation for fifty rears.
Mr. HARRIS. Whether it does^ or not, a
grant is already made of the ten sections to the
road, and now we desire to reduce that from
ten to three. We do not grant anything addi-
tional ; on the contrary, we reduce it.
Mr. WADE. We cannot grant that Indian
land, I suppose.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from New
York is mistaken in one thing. The bill grants
three sections on each side of the road, making
six sections instead of ten, as under the old
grant.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up the
resolution of the House of Representatives
fixing a time for the adjournment of the pres-
ent session of Congress. In presenting the
motion I desire to say that I understand that
the chauman of the Committee on Finance is
prepared to take up the tax bill to-day, or
within a very shoit time. That bill has been
reported to the Senate and printed. That was
the important measure which it was generally
understood ought to be before the Senate for
consideration before we should fix a time for
adjournment. Of course we know about the
number of days that the consideration of that
bill will require.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall be very much
obliged to the Senator if he can fix the exact
number of days.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I saw in a leading
paper this morning or yesterday that it would
probably require about four days. I have the
judgment of an important paper of the country
to that effect. I presume that bill would re-
quire a week. It is a good deal of a book.
Does the Senator think it will require more
time than a week? He does not think it will
require more time than a week.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is very certain, I
think, that the Senate cannot consider all
the measures that arc before it prior to an
adjournment. We shall have to elect in regard
to the bills that we shall finally consider and
pass. If we now fix the time of the adjourn-
ment, the Senate will then givo^its attention to
those measuies of greater importance, passing
by, for this session, those which do not S])e-
cially require the consideration of the body.
I think all Senators desire that we shall ad-
journ now as soon as possible. It is the in-
terest of the country, I think, that we shall
adjourn ; it is certainly to our comfort that
we shall not stay here much longer. I think
that an early day in July can be fixed for the
adjournment. 1 move, therefore, that the res-
olution be taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
taken up and considered this morning. In tho
first place, there is not time to consider it now
between this period and the hour at which I
desire to take up the tax bill 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the resolution named by the
Senator from Indiana has been referred, by
order of the Senate, to the Committee on
Finance, and has not yet been reported. Tho
resolution not being before the Senate, the
Chair is of opinion that the motion of the Sen-
ator from Indiana cannot be entertained.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I modify my
motion so that it shall be a motion to dis-
charge the Committee on Finance from the
further consideration of the resolution, with a
view to its present consideration by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Committee on Finance be discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution
named by the Senator from Indiana. The ques-
tion is on that motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that I desire to say
just one word. It is not a complicated meas-
ure or question which requires tlie judgment of
a committee before the Senate can be able to
act upon it. It is a single proposition, which
we can all comprehend without any elabora-
tion from a committee.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from In-
diana is a very much more fortunate man
than I am if at the present time he can fix
a day which will be reliable on which we can
adjourn. I am, of course, quite anxious to
adjourn, as much so as any man. I think I
ought ccrtainly to be anxious to adjourn at
as early a day as possible ; but in the present
state of the business we cannot tell anything
about it. In the first place, tho Senate will
observe that the Army bill is not finished : the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill is not finished : the Indian appropria-
ti.on bill has not been reported ; the miscella-
neous or sundry civil expenses appropriation
bill lias not yet been reported to the House of
Representatives, and the tariff bill has not yet
been reported to the House, all of which will
take considerable time—I do not know how
much—in that b'ody certainly, and in this.
Then there is the tax bill, which lias not yet
been acted upon by the Senate. It is impossi-
ble to say how long it will take. I hope we
shall be able to get through with it in three
days, and I think we ought to do so; but my
experience satisfies me that there is no possi-
bility of determining beforehand how long a
bill of this kind will take. A debate springs
up upon some little matter that is of interest
locally and not generally, and hours of the
Senate are spent in discussing that; and when
it gets to five o'clock Senators are always \evy
anxious to adjourn, and I am one of them in
the present state of things ; and they are averse
to meeting in the evening, and to do so would
be really more than we could do consistently
with our health. I know it is more than I can
do. I should be very glad to be relieved from
tho whole matter if I could.
Then, after this bill passes the Senate it will
go to the House of Representatives, and when
it gets there there will be, probably, according
to the usual course, a general refusal to concur
in our amendments and the appointment of a
committee of conference, and that commit-
tee always sits several days upon bills of this
description.
At present, then, although I am exceedingly
anxious to get through, and believe that if we
content ourselves with talking very little and
working a good deal we may get through bv the
middle of July, we cannot tell on what precise
day m July we shall be able to adjourn. It is
now impossible to tell, and I am unwilling at
this early day to fix the time, because then gen-
tlemen will be apt to forget that the day is fixed
and spend so much time in debate that a vast
deal of business will be crowded into the last
few days of the session, and we shall be obliged
to sit late at night in order to get through, and
then there will be danger of bad legislation.
The Committee on Finance, therefore, have
come to the conclusion, so far as I understand
their opinions on the subject, that until we
dispose of two or three more measures, or get
further along so as to see when they will be
finally through, it is impossible to fix a day of
adjournment with any eertainty or safety. I
hope, then, that the Senate will not agree to
the motion made by the Senator from Indiana.
