4238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
recede from the proposed increase of compen-
sation to the clerks, &c., in the Departments.
As forthebounty bill tacked on by theHouse,
—the oniy remaining question that I have not
mentioned—the House recede from that and
the bill stands without any provision on that
subject. ,
I have now, I believe, stated pretty much all
thepoints involved.
Mr. WADE. I cannot consent that this bill
shall go out in the shape it is in. That the
bounty to the soldiers shall be entirely stricken
off and that our own compensation shall be in-
Creased will be a reproach to this Congress
that we cannot stand. Here was this great
army looking to us for some relief, for some
equalization of their bounties ; and when they
see that we had under consideration in one bill
a proposition to make them some compensa-
tion and also a proposition to increase our own
pay, and that the result is that we totally
abandon them while we nearly double our own
salary, the result among the people will he to
sink the party that has done it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Both parties have done it-
Mr. WADE. Both parties have done it;
but we are in the majority, and are justly re-
sponsible and will be held responsible for all
that is done.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say to my col-
league that the Senate conferees felt just as
keenly as he can, or as any one can, that po-
sition ; and we were prepared and went into
the conference-room prepared to abandon the
amendment in regard to our pay. 1 stated
before distinctly, as I wished the whole mat-
ter perfectly understood, that we proposed to
abandon it, but the House conferees left us no
ground to stand upon. They withdrew their
disagreement, and that was the end of the con-
test, though it so happened that a majority of
the House conferees had voted against the in-
crease of compensation in the House.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow mo to ask the
Senator from Ohio whether a committee of con-
ference representing the Senate is not bound
to stand by the Senate's vote in favor of what
they have clone.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already stated that
we could not do otherwise than as we have
done; but after conversation with many Sena-
tors who had voted for this increase of compen-
sation, in view of the large vote in the House
against it, wo should have been justified in
withdrawing the proposition; but the House
conferees would not allow us to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the House conferees
behaved much better in relation to that point
than the Senate conferees did. [Laughter.]
Mr. W A1)E. I am not investigating the con-
duet of the committee of conference. They
no doubt have done all they could, and as well
as they knew how to do it; but looking at this
bill, taking the two propositions to which I have
called attention in juxtaposition, the result is
so invidious that no man can defend this action,
no man can go out among the people to discuss
political questions and look an honest congre-
gation in the face and say he stands by the pro-
ceedings on this bill. I should like to receive
this money, as well as anybody else; and I
would do almost anything that was honest to
get money; but I cannot do it in this way. We
must in some way get rid of the position in
which wo are now placed. We must at all
events give up our own increase of pay, which
will be some consolation to the soldiers; but
if we double or nearly double our own pay
while we refuse to do anything to equalize the
soldiers' bounties, I fear that it will be the last
of us, and it ought to be.
Mr. YATES. I concur entirely with the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] This course
in relation to the equalization of bounties will
be astounding to the country. Prom the North-
west I have information by numerous letters
that the effect, will lie to overwhelm the parly
which commits itself to such a course. I speak
not of the proposed increase in the pay of mem-
bers; I think that, is right. I can stand by that
as an independent proposition ; but if we fail
to equalize bounties the effect will be to reduce
our majority in the next Congress, and reduce
it so materially that we shall not have the power.
That'is my honest conviction; and if we act
in this way, I believe we ought not to have the
power. I think the equalization of bounties is
demanded; it is an act of justice to the sol-
diers ; and I do hope that Congress will not
adjourn till an equalization is secured. I would
be in favor of extending the time of adjourn-
ment in order that we might give consideration
to that matter. I feci sure that in the north-
western States we cannot sustain ourselves upon
any such proposition as that now presented to
the Senate. «— ' '
Mr. STEWART. As to the matter of con-
gressional salaries I can speak without the
slightest embarrassment, becauseby the amend-
ment on that subject my compensation is re-.
duced about $2,000 a year by cutting down the
mileage. I think the bill ought to pass, and I
do not think anybody will complain of this
Congress for paying themselves $5,000 a year.
I do not think any man is fit to be in Congress
who cannot earn that amount elsewhere. I
believe the people are willing to pay and de-
sirous to pay what it costs an economical man
to live. If you pay less than that you must
necessarily have here one of two classes of men ;
you must either have men in Congress who arc
willing to become dependent upon others, which
will destroy their usefulness, or you must have
rich men. You must reserve, these places for
the rich or give them to the unworthy. There
are many of our best men who cannot afford to
spend their time here unless they get enough
to support them. The people do not want men
of moderate means excluded from Congress.
They are willing that members of Congress
shall have what it costs them to live here.
As to the bounty question, I have"simply
this to say: the country should know that the
finances are not in such a condition that we
can equalize the bounties this year without
disarranging'the whole system. The Secretary
of the Treasury has so assured me. Besides,
v/e have not yet had a bill that did equalize the
bounties. It has not been matured. There is
plenty of time in the future for such a meas-
ure. I believe it is better to give what we have
to give away in the shape of increased pensions
to those who have been wounded. That is more
immediately necessary. I do not think any great
harm will come from a failure to pass a bounty
bill at this session. The soldiers will not dis-
trust the Union party that has endeavored to
do so much for them, and is willing to do all
that the finances of the country will permit,
and is anxious to accomplish the grand result
as early as possible. They will not distrust
the Union party, but will trust it, believing that
justice will ultimately be done as soon as the
finances will permit. The benefit of an equal-
ization of bounties goes to well men; men who
can get along; can manage to live, at any rate,
until we meet next year, when justice will be
done. We have not been able to obtain suffi-
cient facts upon which to adjust the bounties
so that every man shall be served alike; and
rather than have a crude measure passed, I
believe the people would prefer to wait until
we prepare a thorough and complete hill and
do full justice.
Mr. WILSON. I am decidedly opposed to
concurring in this report. I believe that there
are six or seven hundred thousand men who
enlisted from the 19th of April, 1801, to the
17th of October, 1803, who received a bounty
of $100, and no more, who think the Govern-
ment ought to equalize their bounties with those
of others, or at least give them some additional
compensation. They believed so in the field
when they saw new recruits come into service
by their side with seven or eight hundred dol-
lars bounty. These veterans who enlisted from
the loftiest motives, and who were to receive
the small pittiance of $100, believed the country
would do them justice. It was so understood
in the Army, so talked of among officers. And
now I believe that by this Congress, or over
this Congress, the equalization or the increase
of bounties will be carried. I am opposed to
concurring in this report without making an
effort to secure to the men who enlisted for a
bounty of $100 some consideration. I believe
it to be right. I believe it to be highly expe-
dient.
Now, sir, a word in regard to the increase
of our own compensation. I voted for it. I
voted for it because I thought in itself it was
right. I think so now. I have been here twelve
years, and if I should die to-night I would not
leave enough to" buy me a pine coffin. I believe
this increase is right in itself, and ought to be
made. But I cannot vote to increase the com-
pensation of members of Congress and at the
same time vote to .strike off the bounties which
the House has put upon the bill for our veteran
soldiers. I do not believe it to be wise or ex-
pedient, to do so.
I am somewhat surprised at the statement
made'here to-night that a portion of the con-
ference committeerepresentingthe Senate were
ready to strike off the increase of compensa-
tion of members of Congress, and that portion
of the committee representing a House which
had unanimously, with only three exceptions,
voted against this increase, insisted upon keep-
ing it in the bill. That is a strange mode of
proceeding; it is a discreditable mode of pro-
ceeding, and the country will so pronounce it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that it is not in order for
a gentleman here to comment upon the pro-
ceedings of the other House.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to say any-
thing that is out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Chair apprehends that remarks
reflecting on the other House are not in order.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, if I have made any such
remarks, I withdraw them. I do not wish to
say anything out of order; but my opinion of
such action remains unchanged.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator a question. Does he desire to
reduce in the next Congress the number of
Union men?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, I do not; just the
contrary ; but I think I see the Treasury De-
partment of the Government, although there
are §200,000,000 in the Treasury, using all its
power and influence to defeat any bounty bill,
and I notice that the new friends and allies of
the Secretary of the Treasury are meeting in
every county and congressional district and
wherever they can assemble together, and de-
nouncing Congress for not equalizing bounties.
1 see these things ; I know their effect; I wish
to put Congress right now. When the storm
comes, if it shall come, I do not mean that any
one shall say that I did not do all in my power
to avert it. It is plain to my mind that at any
rate if we defeat any bounty bill we should not
give increased compensation to any of the em-
ployes of this G overnment or to ourselves. Let
the country understand, let the men who fought
our battles understand, that it was the condition
of the Treasury which would not permit us to
increase our own compensation or the com-
pensation of our employ6s, or to pay them any
additional bounty. There would be reason
and justice in that, and as I have no doubt of
the_ patriotism of the soldiers of the country, I
believe they would look at things as they arc.
If anybody supposes that if the defenders of
the country see us increase our own compen-
sation and the compensation of the employes
of this Government while we do nothing for
them, it will have no effect in this country, he
is very much mistaken. Justice to the men
who enlisted from the 19th of April, 1861, to
the 17th of October. 1863, for the bounty of
$100 and no more, demands that we should
give them at least an additional boiyity of
$100. Refuse to concur in this report which
rejects the Senate bill for the equalization of
bounties put on it by the vote of the House,
appoint another committee, and then the mat*
