1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ter may be adjusted by the adoption of a plan
I have provided and placed in the hands of a
member of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The ground upon which
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts op-
poses the acceptance of this rejjprt is to me a
little singular. It is that in two cases the de-
cision of the conference has been in accordance
with the votes of the Senate. The Senate voted
by a very decided majority, aided by the Sen-
ator's own vote, to increase the compensation
of members of Congress. The Senate voted
by an almost equally decided vote not to pass
the bounty measure which he offered as an
amendment to this bill. The committee of
conference now report on both those points
precisely what the Senate wished, judging by
their votes, and now the Senator says he can-
not vote for the conference report.
Mr. SHERMAN. And he voted for this bill
on its passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, he voted for the
bill on its passage through the Senate in just
tiie shape in both these respects that it is now.
The Senator's position looks to me a little sin-
gular ; he places himself in an odd kind of atti-
tude. I have been in the habit of thinking
that when a man had his own way he ought to
be satisfied.
Mr. WILSON. I have not had it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate has had
its own way in both instances; the decision of
the conference committee is exactly in accord-
ance with the votes of the Senate. The Senate
conferees were under orders to accomplish
these very results, if we could. They have
both been accomplished in accordance with
very decided votes of the Senate; and now gen-
tlemen say " We cannot agree to the acceptance
of the report." I think the committee of con-
ference have a right to claim the support of
the majority of the Senate, by whose orders
they acted and in accordance with whose wishes
the report has been drawn up and submitted.
With regard to these matters I did not in-
tend and do not think it desirable to have any
dispute. I have often said what was my rule
of action : if I made a mistake in the transac-
tion of business I generally kept it to myself
as long as I could and let other people find it
out; when they found it out it would be time
enough for me to defend myself and to explain,
why 1 did what I did, or to apologize for it.
But the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] and the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. WiLSOJr,] as good politicians,
excellent party men, having the good of all at
heart, think it advisable to notify the country
that there has been a very great mistake and to
call upon fhe country to visit it upon them and
their friends by turning them out of office! I
think they might just as well have waited a
little while, atanv rate. I believe it is the sub-
stance of an old Arabian maxim that I have
seen somewhere, "If your friend commits a
fault, cover it with your mantle." But the
doctrine of my two frieads seems to bo in
regard to their friends in the Senate and in
Congress, if they commit an error blazon it to
the world, make the most of it, and invite
everybody to punish them accordingly. It is
most admirable sense, admirable management!
Now, sir, I think as the thing was done and it
cannot be helped  
Mr. WILSON. It is not done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it might have
been opposed in different terms, in my judg-
ment. 1 do not agree with the Senators. I
think that the passage of the bounty bill at this
session would have been most decidedly an
error, and a gross one, for two or three rea-
sons. In the first place, no such bill was de-
vised until the last moment, when we had no
time to consider it, and then it was sprung
upon an appropriation bill. Again, no bill
has been devised that was in any way an equal-
ization or could have been made an equaliza-
tion of bounties that would not have created
as much dissatisfaction and as much grum-
bling through the country as it would create
satisfaction. None has been devised in either
House. Another thing: the one that was re-
jected by the Senate, and which the House
adopted as an amendment to this bill, is one
that would take out of the Treasury certainly
not less than $350,000,000.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no; I know better.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
know better. Very good calculators and very
good judges place it higher.
Mr. WILSON. General Brice estimated it
at $250,000,000 and Mr. Brodhead about the
same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But that is a great
deal too much to take out of the Treasury in
the present state of things.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not there- to take.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We should have to
borrow the .money and increase our national
debt. If the thing is to be done it should bo
accurately done, carefully done, done upon
correct principles, those that will be satisfac-
tory after it is done, and not a helter-skelter,
higgledy-piggledy arrangement that no one can
understand the effect of, except that it does
not equalize anything.
That is one reason why I think no such
measure should be adopted, at this session at
least. Besides, I think that before any such
great measure is adopted somebody else should
be heard from besides those interested in it, the
soldiers themselves. I think that nothing will
be lost by inquiring of our constituents—and
when I say " ourxonstitucnts," I do not mean
the soldiers alone, but I mean all our constit-
uents—and finding out what public opinion
really is on this subject. My own notion is
that public opinion is not decided as gen-
tlemen suppose, when you get out of the influ-
ence of those who have been soldiers them-
selves ; and I do not look upon it as a matter of
principle that with the present heavy national
debt upon us we should increase it by this large
amount for this purpose, without very great de-
liberation and without an understanding of what
we are doing, and unless it be in answer to a
very decided call of the people, and not of mere
soldiers' and sailors' conventions held for the
purpose of accomplishing the object.
Another reason in my mind is, that it is not
the payment of a debt. All our debts in that
direction have been paid ; it is strictly a bounty,
a gift, nothing more nor less, and as a gift it
will amount to the very large sum stated. Not
being a debt to be paid, but being a gift, a very
serious question arises whether it would be a
sensible or even a popular measure after it was
done. You may give to the soldiers $100
apiece if you please, make them a present of
that much; it lasts but a few days, they have
the pleasure it confers for a short time; but
the taxation endures for years and years ; and
it would not be long in my judgment before
those who were instrumental in thus enlarging
the debt would be held to quite as severe an
account as will now be those who refuse to
make this gift; and there is time to make it
hereafter if the people call for it and will sustain
it. These are my opinions, and I express them
in answer to what has been said in regard to
the effect of a defeat of a measure of this kind.
I did not vote for the increase of our own pay,
for the simple reason that, in my judgment, it
was bettor to defer action upon that subject; but
a majority of the Senate overruled me. I agree
most fully that the compensation of members of
Congress, considering their position, consider-
ing their expenses, considering what they have
to do from year to year, and what they have to
bear, is the most miserable compensation paid
to any officers of the Government or any per-
sons connected with it that I know of. 1 have
felt it for years, I have borne it because I
chose to bear it. There are others, perhaps,
not so well able to bear it as I am. The Sen-
ate decided that it was proper to increase the
compensation. It is not for me to quarrel with
the decision of the Senate on that or any other
subject. In this committee of conference I
represented the Senate. I was disposed and
ready to carry out the decision of the Senate ;
but still I believed that under the circumstances
that might as well be deferred, and feeling that
the Senate was content that it should be de-
ferred to another session of Congress, I was
disposed to let it go out of the bill, although
it would have been a stretch of power in the
committee of conference, perhaps, that might
have been remarked upon. If there had been
a collision between the House and the Senate
on that point, as one must yield, we thought it
advisable that the Senate should yield; but as
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Sherman J -
has stated, the question did not arise whether
we ought to yield or whether • we could yield.
That was not allowed to us from the course-
taken by the representatives of the other
House in the conference. All we had to do-
was to represent the Senate, and being able to
obtain the carrying out of the views of the
Senate on these two points, we did so. There
is the simple state of the fact.
Now, sir, I have great confidence in the judg-
ment of the people. I am not afraid of their
decision. I never have been. The same out-
cry was raised when our compensation was
somewhat increased about ten years ago. But
there was no real complaint made of it except
in some papers that wanted to make party capi-
tal out of it. The people were perfectly satis-
fied with it; and I think they will be satisfied
now when they come to reflect and know that
there is not a member of this Congress living
in this city who can support himself, or begin,
to^support himself, at the expenses here, upon
what he receives for compensation. That ia
the fact. It is the fact with regard to myself;
and although I was willing to bear it longer, to
continue the present inadequate compensation
might be very great injustice to others who
have not, perhaps, the same ability to bear it
that I have—great injustice, perhaps, to my
friend from Massachusetts himself. I am per-
fectly willing to leave that matter to the people,
in the full confidence that the people of this
country, knowing what their public servants
are and what they do will judge them leniently
and kindly.
With regard to the other question, there is a
difference of opinion; it involves hundreds of
millions; it must necessarily throw a greatly
increased burden on the Treasury, not in pay-
ment of a debt, not to support persons in the
rendering of services in the present or m the
future, but to pay for past services which have
been settled fully according to law, by a gift, a
bounty. Well, sir, if that is justly due, the
time will come when it will be paid, and paid,
as I said before, under a proper bill and one
that does really equalize the bo'intics. I am
not afraid to meet the judgment of the people
on both questions.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is a year or two
since I expressed my judgment to the Senate
in regard to this question of bounty. I then
affirmed what I desire now to reaffirm, that it
is the obligation of every citizen of this Re-
public, poor or rich, to render his service in
war when it is called for. I do not know why
the poor man, "the publican and the sinner,"
should do more battle than the rich man who
lives in a palace. It is my opinion, and has
been always, that the great men of a State, the.
public men of a Slate, the men of large pos-
sessions, the men of largo wealth should be at
the front of armies. It w-as so at Marathon;
it was so atPlatoea; it was so in the old Roman
times. We have adopted a miserable, false,
and cowardly policy whereby we allow a per-
son, who is under obligation to go, because
he has something to maintain in the front of
battle, to hire, for a trifling thing, a man to
take his place. From the first I have opposed
that policy; I have said "Every man demanded
for the service, to his place; no bounties." I
have said there should be no differences be-
tween the individuals who constitute the nation;
the rich must fight as well as the poor ; and
therefore no bounties, no substitutes. So have
I always said ; so I now sfly.
Our present experience enables us to recog-
nize the feet that our policy was wrong. We
came into our late war without experience; \yb
