1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
for I do not know that anybody supposes that
those States are in such a condition that imme-
diately upon the rebellion being quelled they
could come right in to Congress and demand
participation in the councils of the General
Government. If they cannot, it then devolves
upon Congress to say how they shall come in,
to prescribe the rule, and to define upon what
conditions they shall be permitted to come
back. Therefore, whether you call them out-
side of the Union or inside makes very little
difference; they are helpless; they are con-
quered ; they are incapable of any act of their
own. That would bring us to consider what is
their temper and disposition now. Is it such
that, according to the great principles of human
action and human experience, it is safe to per-
mit them to come into the councils of the na-
tion on an equal footing with the old members
of the Republic that have stood by your old flag
throughout? That is the result to which I wish"
to come. I would not legislate on any vindic-
tive principle any quicker than these gentlemen,
and I am willing to consign the past to oblivion
if it can be done. You must judge of the char-
acters of men by what they have done hereto-
fore. Did ever a nation on the face of the earth
which had been so merciful as to save the lives
of traitors that sought to destroy it, on the very
next day after wrenching the arms out of their
hands, invite them into its councils to partici-
pate in its deliberations? Would a man who
was not utterly insane advocate any such thing?
"Will j-ou intrust the burglar with your keys?
Surely nobody will advocate that. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin himself would not admit
that these States may come here at once and
thrust their representatives upon us without
inquiry on our part.
1 hardly supposed that it was necessary to
raise a committee to inquire into this subject,
all-important as it is. I supposed that every
man who had arrived at an age which enabled
him to be qualified for a seat in the Senate would
have had sufficient human experience to know
that a whole nation of traitors of the most vin-
dictive character that were ever heard of on the
face of God's earth, men who had resorted to
most baleful atrocities against our people, would
not on the next day after their arms had been
wrenched out of their hands against their will,
be in a temper and disposition to participate
in the old Government which they had been for
years endeavoring with their lives to overthrow,
and were invoking European despotisms to aid
and assist them in overthrowing. Is that hu-
man experience? Are your penal laws enacted
with a view to such a trait in human nature?
Do men change so quickly? St. Paul himself,
as we are informed, was like these men for a
time; he breathed lire and destruction against
the Christian church, and on his way to Damas-
cus—it is one of the most notable miracles re-
corded in the Book—he was changed in the
twinkling of an eye.
But, sir, you contend for a miracle infinitely
greater than that. You contend that a whole
nation has changed in one night from the most
vindictive enemies to be the fastest friends, with
whom it is safe to trust political power. This
is the greatest miracle of modern or ancient
times, if men believe it. The conversion of St.
Paul was a small incident compared to it. In-
deed, it does not require a miracle, according to
gentlemen's notions, to convert the vilest trai-
tor into a political saint. I want no committee
of investigation for such a matter. I know that
if I were to enter into it I could produce abun-
dance of evidence showing that their temper is
just what might have been expected. I need
not, however, go into it. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer,] some three or four
weeks ago, in an elaborate speech, furnished
evidence sufficient to show that their fell pur-
pose and intent had not been relinquished one
jot or tittle yet. That was unnecessary; it was
only what all in en would know without any evi-
dence. It is human nature, and if a man is
not a judge of that so as to solve such a propo-
sition as this, he does not know enough to be a
member of the Senate of the United States.
[Laughter.] Talk not to me of conversions of
that kind.
Another gentleman will tell you that very few
of the southern men were engaged in the rebel-
lion, that most of them were good Union men
who were dragged into this infernal scheme to
destroy the best Government in the world, that
they perjured themselves and descended to the
degradation of human crime. If you could es-
tablish such a fact, it would be no compliment
to the southern,people ; it would only show that
the great mass of that people are infinitely be-
low the Africans of whom we hear so much.
Who dragged the people of the southern States
into revolt against their will? Their natural
leaders, you say. A people that can be so led
are not fit recipients of political power. 1 will
not trust men that can be thus led. When you
argue against the intelligence of the African
and tell me of his incapacity to exercise the
elective franchise for that reason, is not your
argument a great deal worse against the wdiites
of the South ? Were they dragged and forced
into the southern armies and their property
sacrificed to carry on a rebellion against their
will and desire? Then do not contend for white
suffrage.
Mr. STE \\rA RT. 1 desire to inquire how the
Senator proposes to extend the right of suffrage
to the blacks of the South, whether by legisla-
tion or by amendment to the Constitution?
Mr. WADE. I propose to do it upon the
same principle that the President assumed to
do a great many other things that the Senator
thinks and 1 think were right. I ask how it was
that these States were compelled to comply with
certain conditions which the Senator says are
all-sufficient? Is it not the fact that just, before
the adjournment of pome of the conventions
in some of those States telegraphic dispatches
were received stating that unlessthey complied
with certain requisitions and adopted the con-
stitutional amendment they would not lie ad-
mitted into the Union: anddidthe^ not there-
upon conform their action to the demand made
of them? Does the Senator call that voluntary
action?
Mr. STEWART. Do not the conditions pre-
scribed by the President stand on a different
footing from the right of suffrage? Does not
the qualification of voters in a State stand on
an entirely different footing from the other
propositions as to which the President gave his
advice?
Mr. WADE. Not at all, in a constitutional
point of view. If you could impose one con-
stitutional amendment upon a State in a raattei
ordinarily belonging to the State, why not an-
other? They were advised and required by the
Executive to pass the constitutional amendment.
And, -,ir, if 1 was a southern man—for 1 am
very apt to talk frankly—if f were a member
of a southern Legislature, and under the duress
of a presidential mandate 1 was (breed to com-
ply with any such condition. I would, just as
soon as I could, repudiate it on the ground of
duress. The mandate of the President, to a se-
ceded, fallen State to-day, is nothing more than
the command of a robber to a traveler on the
highway. They have got to do what is asked
of them, and they tell you so, and tell you tlfat.
when they get freedom of action tliev will not
consider the conditions extorted from them as
of any binding force upon them.
Mr. STEWART. The question of suffrage
was not, while emancipation was, one of the
conditions.
Mr. WADE. Do not understand me now as
contending that I am opposed to requiring these
conditions of the southern people. I think they
were right, but I want them adopted voluntarily
and not by coercion or force. That brings me
to consider another question which has been
greatly overlooked in this argument.
Mr. STEWART. 1 do not understand the
Senator yet as answering my question how the
suffrage is to be extended to the blacks. That
is a practical question that I desire to have an-
swered.
Mr. WADE. I will tell you before I get
through.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear it
distinctly.
Mr. W"ADE. I will tell you exactly how it
can be done. It can be done by telling these
gentlemen in the southern States, these traitors,
that we shall be as lenient to our friends, the
Union colored people of the South, as to them;
that they shall never put their feet upon this
floor until they do justice according to the rulg"
of equity—they who seek justice shall first do
justice. There is no difficulty in it, and I was
merely endeavoring to show that that position
no more transcends the Constitution of the
United States than that for which the Senator
contends. He says that the President has or-
ganized civil governments in the South. Where
.did he get his constitutional warrant for that ?
All the great officers of Government are cre-
ated bylaw, and the Senate of the UnitedStates
must participate in their appointment: but the
President has appointed civil governors of the
States to do civil business. I do not see where
ho got his warrant to do that if the States had
not seceded.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose it was his duty
under the war power to provide for the reestab-
lishment of civil government when the armed
forces of the rebellion were overthrown. Tt
was undoubtedly his duty then to invite the
people to organize.
Mr. WADE. It was his duty under the war
power. Would it not have been just as com-
patible with his duty if he had demanded that
civil government be organized by admitting all
the colored people of proper age to participate
in making the constitution and laws? Would
it have been any greater violation of the Con-
stitution than was done? Would it not have
been an exercise of military power if he be-
lieved it requisite for the public peace? W here
is the distinction? No casuist can draw the
line of distinction ; it is idle to contend for it.
Where did he get the power to proscribe the
oath which he required these people to take?
Do you find that in the Constitution? Where
do you find it? Was it not as great a stretch
of constitutional power to do that as to say
that the colored men should vote?
Mr. STEWART. 1 think not. 1 think it very
plain that he had no power to interfere with the
qualifications of voters in the States. There ia
no doubt about his power to make such regu-
lations as should secure peacc to the inhabit-
ants, and he had a right to invite the citizens
who were then a cknowlcdged to be citizens—the
constitutional amendment had not then been
adopted—to organize civil society.
Mr. WADE. Who are the citizens?
Mr. STEWART. The loyal citizens. He
only extended the iuvitation to loyal citizens.
Mr. WADE. I have no doubt of his power
to do it in time of war, but I doubt very much
his power to do it in time of peace. This is a
time of peace.
Mr. STEWART. What was he to do? Leave
them there to anarchy?
Mr. WADE. No, govern them by military
power as he had done from thetime the war
(•cased up to the time he prescribed the oath.
Why diil he prescribe that?
Mr. STEWART. Had not thepeople aright,
with his permission and consent, to organize
civil society as soon as they possibly could?
Mr. WADE. No doubt about that; but I do
not want to be turned aside to a controversy on
that subject. I am not contending that the
President, has done anything very wrong in all
1 his. J agree that when we conquer a people
who had no laws, who had no civil organization
and could have none, it devolved upon the Pres-
ident of the United States to keep the peace in
that country, and to prescribe such rules and
regulations as in his judgment would conduce
to that end until such time as Congress should
assemble and prescribe the law to be followed.
That is what he had a right, to do, and in my
judgment that is all the Constitution permitted
him to do, and in that he had a very large dis-
cretion : but I can see no authority for the Pres-
ident to undertake to prescribe an oath which
was to qualify persons to elect a State govern-
