1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
coast. That lias been an observation made by
all men who have lived in western countries.
Again, Mr. President, we are developing in
the West the virgin land of the world. That
land, particularly in the mountains and among
the minerals, gold and silver and the metals
of the Rocky mountains and the Sierra Ne-
vada, is not understood at all here. Tt has
been of import to California that'she was early
recognized as a State to legislate in and about
her own business and in and about the busi-
ness of her population. Colorado cannot be
legislated about here, nor can the accidental
circumstances of a territorial administration
answer her full purpose. It is another fact that
I care to observe, that North Carolina and New
Hampshire do not want the legislation that she
wants. An appropriation of a naval store-
keeper or something of that sort will suffice for
them; but the new States as they grow up and
spring into existence require legislation, and
therefore representation. It was the practice
of some of the old States formerly to invent
ways against legislation, because they needed
none, whereas the new States do need it. For
that cause they need representation here. Col-
orado now, as I am informed, has a population
much larger than many of the Territories that
have been admitted as States into this Union.
I do not remember a single State admitted into
the Union that came up to the rule stated by
the Senator from Ohio. Ilis own State did not
come up to it when she was admitted from the
Territory of the Northwest; Indiana did not;
Illinois did not; Iowa did not: Wisconsin did
not. It has been regarded as a point of obser-
vation rather than a rule of conduct, I have
no doubt that Colorado will be infinitely stronger
maintaining herself as a State government than
being a mere territorial dependent, just as Cal-
fornia with forty-five thousand population be-
came stronger, much stronger, not being a ter-
ritorial dependent, but being a State of the
Union.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if this
.were a new question as to whether Colorado
should be admitted as a State, I should be in-
clined, and not only inclined, but be decided
in my opinion that it ought not to be admitted
with its present population. But, sir, it is not
a new question. The Senator from Ohio who
now opposes the admission of Colorado as a.
State has held out to the people of Colorado
inducements to foun a Stale government. Two
years ago he brought into the Senate thiee bills
authorizing the formation of State governments
in the Territories of Nevada, Nebraska, and
Colorado. I thought that those measures were
premature. I thought there was not sufficient
people in any of those Territories to form a
State government. I was opposed to those
bills and spoke against them. T-he population
of those Territories according®^ the census
of 18G0, was, in Colorado, 81.231, Nebraska,
28,759, and Nevada, 0,812. That was the last
enumeration of the population we had had; and
when that was our last enumeration of popu-
lation, the Senator from Ohio, from the Terri-
torial Committee brought back into this body
three bills authorizing each of those Territories
to form State governments, and when it was
objected upon this floor that they had not suf-
ficient population to form State governments,
when the same arguments were used which the
Senator from Indiana and the Senator from
Iowa have pressed to-day, they were all over-
ruled. I remember that I made some remarks
on the subject, and I find myself reported as
saying something upon one of these bills. I
think they all came in about the same time.
When the one in reference to Nebraska came
up I submitted to the Senator from Ohio an
inquiry. I said this:
" I should like to inquire what was the population
of Nebraska when the la=t consul wns token, and
whether there ha? probably been any increase of
population sincc that time or not. 1 know that m
these days it is regarded as a very small matter to
make a Stato. Tt u^od to be considered a matter of
some considtrableiraportance: but now we eanmako
a Territory into a State in themorpiii^ hourwituout
anybody scarccly listening to the bill when it lsroatl.
I have Dot looked at the census with a viow to tins
question this morning;,but my recollection of tho
population of Xebraskais that there aro some twenty
or thirty thousand people there. If Congress think
proper to admit every twenty or thirty thousand peo-
ple they can find anywhere as a State, they will mul-
tiplyStates very, rapidly.''—Gjiwewional Globe, first
session Thirty-Eiyhtk Congress, p. 1-558.
I do not propose to read all that I said at
that time. I have read enough to show that I
took ground against the enabling act authoriz-
ing these State governments to be formed. I
was voted down, however. And what did the
Senator from Ohio say? When this Colorado
enabling act was up the Senator from Vermont,
now no more with us, Mr. Collamer, said:
"I wish to inquire of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories whether he has any information as
to the extent of the population of this Territory?
"Mr. Wade. Nothing that I can rely upon with a
very great deal of confidence. I have taken some
pains to asoortain the facts from the Delegate ill the
other House, and from Mr. Edmunds, of the Land
Office, who has some information oil that subject, I
understand there must bo now about 00,000 inhabit-
ants in Colorado; homo think a groat deal more than
that.''—Ibid, p. 78U.
That was in 1S64. Now they prove she has
not got 25,000. How many votes did she give
in 18G4? Five thousand seven hundred and
sixty-nine.
Mr. STEWART. Nearly 7,500 at tho last
election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, and now you
have 7,400 and odd there. She had 00,000 in
1804, when the Senator from Ohio was pressing
this bill through the Senate, telling the people
of Colorado that they had people enough to
form a State constitution.
Mr. WADE. We had, as I told the Senate,
no exact estimate of the population. I did not
know how many they had. 1 got the best evi-
dence I could from the Delegates and from
others, and they impressed it upon us that
there was the amount of population there that
I stated. I supposed there was, but it- seems
as though that was not the fact; that is what I
told you before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Their vote at that time
was nearly two thousand less than it is now.
It is very strange that the Senator from Ohio
should have urged here the formation of State
governments without knowing anything about
the number of jieople there. I was opposed
upon principle to the formation of State gov-
ernmentswithsofewinhabitants. 1 took ground
against it, but under the lead of the Senator
from Ohio, Congress decided differently.
Mr. WADE. 'The Senator says he took
ground against it and believed it was alto-
gether wrong. I want to know if he is of the
same opinion now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was of that opinion
then, and I should be of that opinion now, had
not the Congress of the United States overruled
my judgment in that respect. I put it to the
Senator from Indiana, and ask him if we are
not bound by our acts and if good faith does
not require us now to carry out our acts? "When
the Congress of the United States says to tfie
people of Nevada, says to the people of Ne-
braska, says to the people of Colorado, although
you have iess than thirty or forty thousand peo-
ple, whatever the number may be, you are au-
thorized to go on and form a State government,
call your com tuition, and when you call that
com eution and form your constitution, without
any further action of Congress yon shall be a
State? This act in regard to Colorado declares
that it shall be the duty of the President of tho
United Stales to issue his proclamation declar-
ing the State admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States, without
any other action whatever on the part of Con-
gress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow mo to ask the
Senator a question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. I want to know whether
Iundcrstood i-ightly that the people of Colorado
acted under that enabling act and refused to
avail themselves of it. Was it not so?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answer that. It
was so. I understand they had one trial and
rejected it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That being so, why are
they not as much bound their default^ as w?;
are by ours? If they took the,liberty to ('
their minds can we not take the liberty of chang-
ing our minds too f
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answer that. - 1
do not think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that when the
Congress of the United States has submitted to
the people of a Territory whether they shall
form a State constitution, and has authorised
them to form it, if on one trial they do not do
so they may go on to do so afterward. I do
not think we have the same right to withdraw
itafter having held outthis inducements them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will tell the Senator
why, and I will try to illustrate it. We sub-
mitted some time ago to the people oftlie Uni-
ted States an amendment to the Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Once adopted, they
could not take it back.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wejl, we submitted to
thQ various States of the Union whether they
would abolish slavery or not. The Slate of
New J ersey by its Legislature a year ago de-
cided they would not. Now, does the Senator
from Maine mean to say that the present Legis-
lature, which has gone on and ratified the con-
stitutional amendment, had no authority to
do so?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a standing
power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So had Colorado a stand-
ing power. Congress has not withdrawn its
enabling act; it has never repealed it; andthey
have gone on to act under the enabling act.
As to their mode of action, I shall come to
that by and by.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did they apply at the
last session of the last Congress for another
enabling act?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. I am not
informed that any such application was made
by any authority. Some individual may have
applied.
Mr. WADE. Here is the hill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
may have offered a bill, but tho recognized
authorities of the Territory of Colorado, I am
authorized to say, never made any such appli-
cation.
Mr. GRIMES. They never do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has generally
been such an application, 1 think.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. Will the Senator
tell me that a territorial government ever does
ask to be transferred into a Slate government?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think they have often.
Mr. GRIMES. 'The territorial officers?
Mr. RAMSEY. Often.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Territorial Legisla-
ture often do ; I do not think it is an unusual
thing at all. I am informed now that the Ter-
ritorial Legislature of Colorado asked for tho
passage of this enabling act. After the Con-
gress of the United States has passed an
enabling act, encouraging the people to go on
and form a State government, (assuming now
that they have con^lied with the act,) I say it
is bad faith on our part after they have formed
their State government to say to them that they
shall not have the benefit of the act we have
passed. I do not think a Territory should be
encouraged to go to all tho trouble of holding
a convention, adopting a constitution, submit-
ting it to the people, and then come here and
be refused admission. Congress put it out of
its power to refuse them. It declared in this
act that without any further action they should
become one of the States, of the Union on an
equal footing with the original States. Now,
sir, I think it is out of place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why did not tho Pres-
ident issue his proclamation ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That involves another
question, and I will come to that by and by.
I think it wholly out of place to go into this
question of population now. The Senate is
committed, Congress is committed, by its pre-
