1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819
Mi-.^Marstok", was detained from the House
by sickness.
The result was announced, as above stated.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEXICO.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Revolved, That there be printed of the messapce of
the President of the United States and the accom-
panying documents on the subject of Mexico, under
date April 23, the same number as is now provided
by law for the printing of the general diplomatic
correspondence.
Mr. LAFLiLN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to rcconsidcr be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COTTON LOAN.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in reply to a resolution of the
House, a letter of the Secretary of State in re-
gard to the rebel debt known as the "cotton
loan which, on motion of Mr, Kasson, was
ordered to be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. YAN" HORN", of New York, demanded
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order
to be House bill No. 344, to construct a ship-
canal around the falls of Niagara, and that the
pending question was on the substitute of Mr.
van Horn; of New York, on which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. J. M. Humphrey]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY. I ask leave to
offer the following amendments :
Strike out sections seven, twenty, twenty-one, and
twenty-two.
Add the following:
Sec. —. Be it enacted, cftc., Thatbefore entering upon
the surveyor construction of this canal, the consent
thereto of the State of New York shall be obtained,
ana said corporation and all its property and fran-
chises shall at. nil times be subject to the laws of tho
State of New York.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Iri that
in order?
Mr. ALLISON. I only yielded to the gen-
tleman to submit some remarks, and not for
the purpose of offering amendments.
The SPEAKER. Then the amendments
cannot be received.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY then concluded
his remarks, begun when the bill was last before
the House. [The entire speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman
from lo./a [Mr. Allison] had ten minutes
of his hour left.
Mr. ALLISON. I offer the following amend-
ments :
Scction twenty, lino seven, after the word "pay-
able," insert 4 in lawful currency of the United
States;" also in line fourteen insert the same words;
bo that it will read:
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted. That the sum of
$6,000,000 shall be loaned by the United States, in the
manner and atthetimes hereinafter provided, to the
company herebychaitercd, and its successors, to aid
jn the construction of said canal, and shall be ad-
vanced and paid in the bonds of the United States in
denomination of §1,000 each, payable in lawful cur-
rency of the United States in twenty years from their
aate^which said bonds shall be made and issued by
the Secretary of the Treasury in the usual manner,
y attested and dated the 1st day of September,
18o6, payable at, the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury, on the 1st day of September, 1886, bearing
interest at the rate of six. per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually, in lawful currency of the United
States, from and after the 1st day of September 1866
upon warrants or coupons to be annexed thereto,
signed by the Treasurer of the United States, duly
numbered and registered in a book to be kept by him
for that purpose. Thesaid interest to be payable and
the said bonds to be redeemed out of moneys to be
hereafter appropriated by Congress.
Section twenty-two, page 21, line three, after the
word " thereof," strike out, " after deducting the cost
of repairs and the expenses of operating and improv-
ing the same;" so that it will read:
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That from all the
tolls which shall be collected upon vessels, rafts,
floats, and property passing said canal, ten per cent,
thereof shall, on the l«st day of January inj each year
after the completion of said canal, be paid by said
company into the Treasury of the United State?,
which moneys, with the interest accruing thereon,
shall be applied toward the payment of tho princi-
pal of the sum to to he loaned to said company, ab is
herein provided, from time to tune as shall hereafter
bo appropriated by Congress.
Add to section twenty-three the following proviso:
Provided, That said rates of loll may at any time
be reduced and regulated by Congress.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I accept
those amendments as modifications of my sub-
stitute.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, before en-
tering upon the discussion of the merits of
the particular bill now before the House for
its consideration, I wish to say a word in
relation to tiie general purpose sought to be
effected by this class of improvements, namely,
the opening up of new and tiie enlargement
of the natural channels of communication
whereby the agricultural products of this coun-
try may have a cheap and easy transit from tlieir
points of production to the markets of the
world.
It is manifest that by whatever sum we
lessen the cost of transportation, by that sum
we enrich either the producer or consumer of
these products. I undertake to say that in the
aggregate there is no class of our people that
receive so iittie reward for their labor as those
who till the soil, and no class will be more
benefited by the class of legislation here pro-
posed than the agriculturist, inasmuch as we
have for many years produced a surplus of
breadstuff's which must be exported in some
form. The foreign market for this surplus
affects the price of the product consumed at
home. Hence it is. that the markets in Liver-
pool controlj to a great extent, the price of the
wheat, the corn, the beef, and pork at Chicago
or upon the farms of the West. Our farmers
are thus brought in competition with the wheat-
growing countries of llussia, Egypt, and Tar-
key, and whatever will cheapen the cost of
transportation of the products of the farm will
aid the farmer until the demand at home or
abroad exceeds tho supply when the consumer
will be benefited. The States most directly
interested in this subject arc the great piairie
States of the West, as they produce nearly if
not all the surplus cereals now produced in
this country, as will bo readily seen by a ref-
erence to the statistics upon this subject.
In 1804 there was produced in Illinois,
Wisconsin, and Iowa, one fourth of all the live
stock produced in this country, amounting in
value to $240,000,000, in round numbers; of
wheat, more than one third, or 00,000,000 bush-
els; of corn, nearly one half, or 230,000,000
bushels; of cattle, 2,000,000, or one third of
the whole product; and of hogs, 4,000,000, or
nearly one third of the whole product. This,
with a population of about three tenths of tho
whole population of this country. The surplus
of this enormous product must find a market
in New England and other eastern States or it
must go abroad. I but state the truth when I
say that our farmers are now being ground to
powder between the upper and nether mill-
stone of monopoly that requires for transpor-
tation to New York one bushel of wheat for
every bushel transported from the Mississippi
to New York, and two for every bushel of corn
thus transported ; and for this reason they are
looking'with intense interest upon our delib-
erations hero to give them some relief whereby
their toil may be properly rewarded. The meas-
ure now before the House I have no doubt will
be of material service in the right direction.
But it is not enough, and this Congress willfail
in the discharge of one of its most important
obligations to the country if it adjourns with-
out passing an act tc remove all obstructions
now in the way of the safe and continuous navi-
gation of the great river that threads itself mid-
way between the oceans that mark our eastern
and western boundary, running from the Brit-
ish possessions to the Gulf of Mexico. That is
the natural highway for the commerce of the
Mississippi valley, both to the eastern portions
of our own country and to foreign markets.
And the West will not be content until the
obstructions in the way of successful naviga-
tion of this river are removed, the most mate-
rial of which lie upon the borders of Iowa and
Illinois.
W e are told that we must find a home mar-
ket by building up in our mid.-:! manufactures,
and thus bring the consumers of bread to the
doors of those who produce it. I will say or
do nothing that would discourage tho growth
of manufactures in the West or elsewhere in
our country, but by proper and prudent legis-
lation cneourage their growth, and to that end
wouM welcomo eastern capital seeking invest-
ment in that direction. Yet no one who has
behold and traveled over our boundless and
fertile prairies can foil to see that this region
is destined to become, if it is not now, tho
granary ot the world, and with all the loomsand
spindles of New England and the forges and
rolling-millsofPennsylvaniatransplanted there
we would still have a surplus of agricultural
products that would be transported a long dis-
tance before a market could bo secured. It is
safe to assume that the increase of population,
including immigration, will keep pace with pro-
duction of cereals and breadstuffs, and tho
agriculturist will always seek the cheapest and
most productive soils. It has been reasonably
estimated that of wheat alone there will bo
produced at the beginning of tho next century
annually live hundred million bushels, mid of
corn at least three times that number of bush-
els, one half of which will be produced in tho
prairie States west of Chicago, and chiefly con-
sumed at points east of Buffalo, and must in
some form be transported thither. This can-
not be done except through the improved natu-
ral channels which nature has worked out by
way of New Orleans and the great lakes. And
here I wish to correct an error in which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hui.buud] in
common with many others has fallen, namely,
that because of the nature of the Gulf stream
and the warm climate wheat and corn cannot
be transported by way of New Orleans. This
difficulty does not now exist, as by means of
elevators at convenient points on the river the
wheat and corn can reach New Orleans inn per-
fect condition, from which it can bo easily and
safely transported to any of the markets of the
world ; and the fact is that the United States
exports wheat and flour to Portugal, Brazil,
and Australia, and England imports largly
from Turkey and Egypt; all this commerce
being across Hie tropics subject to the climatic
influences which prevail in the Gulf.
I mention these general facts in relation to
this subjcct that the House may understand
that the West will imperatively demand, and
now, that this great river shall have removed
from it tho obstructions which hinder and im-
pede its safe and easy navigation. This House
has partially recognized this great want in the
passage of the river and harbor bill, on yes-
terday, but the sums there appropriated will
scarcely more than commence the great im-
provements demanded to secure the uninter-
rupted navigation of the Mississippi river from
St. Paul to the Gulf.
In demanding these improvements we do not
ask for the establishment of any new policy,
but only a full recognition of the long-estab-
lished policy of the Government, often dis-
puted, but a3 often asserted in the legislation
of the country. The same grant of power to
regulate commerce with foreign nations author-
izes Congress to regulate commerce among the
several States. This power has been asserted
from the foundation of our Government, in
making appropriations for light-houses, bea-
cons, buoys, and public piers erected orplaced
within the bays, inlets, harbors, and ports of
the United States to render navigation safe and
easy, and for the last ten years we have appro-
priated not less than $1,000,000 annually for
-this purpose, without objection, in order to
protect the foreign commerce of the United
States, when in fact our trans-oceanic com-
merce does not amount to more than one tenth
of our domestic commerce, and when the formei*
