18G6.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8279
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate postpone the present motion now pending
and all other orders of business, with the view
of taking up Senate bill No. 285. ^Vc have
had that bill up repeatedly, and I think we can
dispose of it in a few moments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I submit that it is not
in order to postpone one motion to take up an-
other motion. I submitted a motion to take up
a particular proposition. That measure is not
yet before the Senate. Now the Senator from
Missouri moves to postpone my motion. It
is not like postponing a measure that is before
the body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the motion of the Senator from Indiana
must be disposed of before a motion to take up
any other measure can be entertained.
Mr. HENDHICKS. I desire to say but a
word or two in reply to the Senator from Maine.
I have not desired to call up this proposition
until I thought the business of the Senate was
in such a condition that we eouhl salely tix a
time for the adjournment. It is known to that
Senator and ail other Senators that the busi-
ness never does come to a shape for an adjourn-
ment until we lix a day. The Army bill of which
lie speaks has already received the considera-
tion of the Senate, it was passed by the Sen-
ate, sent to the House of Representatives, and
I believe was lost in that body. I do not know
whether it is the purpose of the chairman of the
Military Committee to present any other meas-
ure for the consideration of the Senate with a
view to the reorganization of the Army. I do
not know what his purpose on that subject is ;
but I would not be willing, after we have passed
one bill and the House has deieated it, to post-
pone an adjournment with a view to the consid-
eration of another Army bill. Nor. sir, would
I be willing to postpone an adjournment to get
another tariff bill before us. 1 think within
the last few years we have had quite enough
legislation on that sabieel. This constant le-
gislation upon the tariff is not fortunate for the
general interests of the country or for the in-
terests of business men. I do not think myself
that, there is any occasion to protract the ses-
sion with a view to a modification of the tariff;
but of course if such a bill comes here before
an adjourninentwe shall give it attention. There
are a good many reasons why I think Congress
ought to adjourn, and 1 ask the yeas and nays
upon the motion to discharge the committee
from the consideration of the resolution.
The yeas and nays wore ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas (i, nays : as follows:
YIjAS--Messrs. Davis, (Ultimo, Hendricks, Lane
of Indiana. Nopmith, and Saulsbnry—(>.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conner, Cra'dn,
Edmund*. iFe^cnden, Fo:-tcr, Urime>', Harris, Hen-
derson, 1 Toward, Kiricwond, Morgan, Morrill, Nve,
Poland, Pomerov, Sherman,Stewart, Tnimbul). Van
"Winkle, Wade, Willey. Williams, and YaU^—-o.
ABSENT —Brown, Bucknlew, Chandler,
Cowan. Creswcll. Dixon, iJoolittle, Howe, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, MeDoiusall, Noi ton, Raiu>ev, Kid-
dle, Sprngue, Siuimei, \Vil>on, and Wnght—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Mooun, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved
and signed, on the 18th instant, the following
act and joint resolution :
An act (S. No. ooO) to authorize the Com-
missioner of Patents to pay those employed as
examiners and assistant examiners the salary
fixed by law for the duties perfoi med by them 5
and _
A joint resolution (S. K. No. 87) to provide
for the payment of bounty to certain Indian
regiments.
KANSAS "A>.D XEOa-210 VALLEY KAJXIIOAD.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. -85-
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the AYhole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 28-3) giauting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the Kansas and Neosho \ alley
railroad and its extension to Red river, the
pending question being on the amendment re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands as
amended, in section eleven, after the word
kt State" in line three to strike out the Avoids
u may connect with the Kansas and Neosho
Valley railroad at any point on the line of said
road'' and to insert other words j so as to make
the section read:
Skc. 11. And be it further cnarf'd. That nny railroad
company chartered under any law of the United
States, or of the State of Kansas, winch may havo
been heretofore or t-hall hcrealter bo recognized and
subsidized by any act of the Congress of the United
States, may connect, unite, and consolidate with this
railroad company, alter the same shall be located to
the valley of the Neosho liver, upon just, fair, and
equitable term?!, to he agreed upon between the par-
tie*, and shall not be si^ainbt the public interest or
the intetest of the United States; norbhull any road
authorized to conncct a* aiore^aid ehan*o the road so
connecting a greater tai iff per mile for lreipfhtor pas-
sengers than is charged tor the same per mile by Us
oval load: An<l providrd further. That should the
Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Port (Ubson llailroad
Company, or the Union Pacific llailroad Company,
southern branch, consti uel and complete ilb load to
tiiat point on the southern boundary of the Stale of
Kansas, where the line of said Kansas and Neosho
Valley raihoad shall cross the same, before the said
Kansas and Neosho Valley liailioad Company shall
have constructed and completed iN said road to said
point, then and in that event the company so iir«t
roachini? in completion the said point on the south-
ern boundary of the Stateof Kansas shall be author-
ized, upon obtaining tho written approval of the
Presidentof the United States, to construct and oper-
ate its line of railroad from said point to a point at
or near Preston, in tho State of Texas, with grants
of land according to the provisions of Ibis act, but
upon the lurtherspcci.il condition, nevertheless, that-
said railroad company <hall have commenced in prood
faith the construction thereof before tho said Kansas
and NVo-dio Valley Uailroad Company shall have
completed its said railroad to said point: And pro-
vided further, That said other raihoad company, so
]\\\\ iiUA commenced stud woik m good t a it h, shall con-
tinue to pio^ecute the same with Hiiflicient energy to
injure the completion of the same within a reasona-
ble lime, subiect to the appioval of the President of
the United States: And ) <>rtd'.d Utrthn\ That the
li^ht ot way, when not otherwise planted in this act,
and not provided for bv law, shall be obtained by said
Kansas and Neosho Valley Raihoad Company, or
either of the other companies named>in this act, in
accordance with tho provisions of section three of an
actto amend an aot entitled "An act to aid in thccon-
struction ot a railroad and telegraph lino from the
Missouri river to tho Paeiiie ocean, and to .secure to
the tiovernment the uso of tho same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes/' approved July 1, LStW.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the commit-
tee. There are some objections to it as it stands ;
and to avoid those objections [ oiler an amend-
ment, which 1 send to the desk.
The Secretaiv read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in line thirty-nine of
the committee's amendment, after the word
"way" to insert "through private property;''
so as to malic the clause read :
That the ritfht of way through private property,
wlien not otherwise granted in this act, &c.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot understand the
amendment to the amendment by that reading
of it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest that the
Clerk read the several amendments in that
connection, and the Senator will see what is
aimed at.
The Secretary. Ttis moved after the "word
"way" in the thirty-ninth line to insert the
woihU "through pi ivate property in the same
line to strike out the word "granted " and insert
the words "provided for;" and in the same
line to strike out the word "bill" and insert
the words "act, or by the laws of any State
through which the road may passso that the
proviso will read :
And providedfiu thw. That the riskt of way thi ou<rli
private property, when not otherwise provided for in
this act, or by the laws of any State through which
the road may pass, and not, providedloi bylaw, shall
be obtained by said Kansas and Neosho Valley Rail-
road Company, or either of the other companies
named m tins act, Arc.
Mr. HENDRICKS. ] do not very well
understand the force of this propose;! amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, the Senator from Missouri is not aw ate of
the amendment to that clause which has been
made heretofore 011 my motion. The word
"bill," in the thirty-ninth line, has already
been stricken out and the words "act and not
provided for by law" inserted. He has merely
repeated the amendment which I offered some
time ago to the hill, and which was adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think instead of
amending ibis eleventh section, which pro-
vides for running this road or .some other road
down to the Indian country, that the Senate
had better disagree to the eleventh section en-
tirely, and not undertake to run a road through
the Indian country at all. Then it will stand
as a naked bill proposing to run a road from
Kansas City, on the Missouri river, to the
southern boundary of the State of Kansas; and
then when the Indian country is opened from
that point to the Texas line, at some future
time. Congress can legislate fully on the sub-
ject. It is known to the Senate that there is
a portion of this country through which Con-
gress has 110 power now to authorize the run-
ning of a railroad; and certainly it will be
better not to undertake to legislate now, but
to provide for a road, if it is the pleasure of
Congress to run a road within a distance of a
few miles from a road already provided for in
Kansas, to the southern boundary of the State.
I was going to move to strike out the entire
amended section.
Mr. 11 EN DERSON. Let us amend it first.
Air. HENDRICKS. I shall make the mo-
tion at the proper time.
Mr. HENDERSON. Lest the Senator may
labor under any misapprehension of what my
design is in reference to this thing, I will ask
him to turn to section eight. I propose, if this
amendment shall be adopted, to strike out all
after the word "State," in the eighth line of
the eighth section, in the following words:
And the rbrht of way through said Indian Ten itory
is hereby granted to said Kansas and Neosho Valley
llailroad Company, its Micecs-sors and assigns, to tho
extent of 011c hundred feel 011 each side of said road
or roads, and all necessary grounds for stations,
buildings, woikshops, machine-shops,switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water stations.
It was objected the other day by the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Tuumnuu/j that this would
interfere with the Indian reservations, [there-
fore propose to strike out that clause and to
insert:
The right of way through tho Indian Territory,
wdierever such mlit. is now reserved, or may hereaf-
ter be reserved, to the United States, by tiuaty with
tho Indian tribes, i. hereby granted to said company
to the same extent as granted by the sixth boction of
tiiis act through the public lands.
By turning to the sixth section the Senator
will see what that is:
And in all ca«es where the right of way, as afore-
said, through the Indian landa shall he rcscivcdto
the Government, the said company shall, before con-
structing its road, proem e the consent ot the tribe or
tribes interested, which consent, with all its terms
and conditions, shall be previously approved ami
indorsed by the President, and filed with the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
That will obviate every objection made against
building this road through the Indian country.
I believe that the consent is now obtained, by
pending treaties, from all the tribes except one,
and that is the Cherokee tribe ; and they have
passed a lesolutlon through their legislature
inviting the construction of this road. I pro-
vide that the road shall not be built until treaty
obligations have been secured reserving to the
United States the right to build tho road through
there, or until the legislatures of these territo-
rial organizations shall give their consent, and
that consent shall have been indorsed by the
President and filed with the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the amend-
ment you propose to the eleventh section?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is to obviate the
] objection made by the Senator from Maine
! [Mr: Moktutx] the other day, which was _a
1 very sound objection, that ire provided in this
I bill to obtain the right of way. not according
[ to the laws of the United Slate-, bul accord-
| ing to the laws of Congrc.-s. I propose to make
it read, "that the rigid of wa} through pii\ate
property, when not otherwise provided for in
this act, or by the laws of any State through
which Ilie road may pass, shall be obtained,"
&c. That will obviate the objection which was
very properly urged by the Senator from Maine.
