3280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 20,
Mr. HENDRICKS. The amendment which
the Senator proposes to the eighth section will
not be in accordance with the spirit of the
eleventh section, because it will be giving the
right of way to one particular company, when
the eleventh section proposes to make a con-
test between three companies for the right of
way through the Indian country and the right
to build a railroad through the Indian country.
This bill proposes that these three roads shall
meet at the southern boundary of Kansas, and
then it shall be a race of speed for the right to
construct the trunk road from that point through
the Indian country to the northern boundary
of Texas. The amendment which the Senator
proposes would give the right to one of these
companies to the exclusion of the others, and
to the exclusion of the right already given to
another company.
Mr. POMEROY. All the rights in that
country under the bill are to inure to the com-
pany that builds the road ; so that the Senator
from Missouri is entirely right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The whole bill will have
to be construed together. I have no objection
to the amendment now pending. If that amend-
ment be made, I shall then move to strike out
the whole of the eleventh section.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the anfendment of the committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. The section wasamend-
ed in one respect when last under considera-
tion, and I will ask the Secretary to change my
amendment, so that so far as the proviso has
been amended in accordance with my view it
be not touched.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. One portion of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator state what portion ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not aware that
the section had been amended. To get rid of
the difficulty, I will move to strike outthe words
already inserted and insert the words that I
have proposed.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be read as it now
stands.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in line thirty-nine after
the word "way" to insert "through private
property;" in the same line after the word
'•otherwise" to strike out the words "granted
in this act and not provided for by law" and
insert " provided for in this act or by the laws
of any State through which the road may pass
so that the proviso will read:
A ml prop ided further, That the right of way through
private pioperly, when not otherwise provided for in
this act or by the Jaws of any State through which the
road may pas?, shall be obtained by said Kansas and
Neosho Valley Railroad Company, or either of the
other companies named in this act, in accordance with
the provisions, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
the entire eleventh section, which includes the
amendment. The eleventh section is a very
short one, but the amendment to it is a very
lengthy amendment, covering nearly two pages
of the bill. It is this eleventh section that pro-
vides for carrying this railway down through
the Indian country. My amendment brings the
Senate just to this question : whether before the
right is secured from the Indians we will pro-
vide for the running of a railroad through the
Indian country—that is the exact qnestion.that
is now presented—or whether you will leave
it, just as it was left in the bill three years ago,
to a competing road to run to the State line ;
the right to go through the Indian country in
the future to depend upon the action of the
Government. ^ The proposition of the Senator
from Missouri, I think, is a departure from the
policy of the Government. The policy of the
Government has been not to allow any parties
to treat with the Indians for rights in their
land except the Government itself. Individ-
uals cannot treat with the Indians; they can-
not acquire rights from the Indians ; but the
proposition of the Senator is that a railroad
company in the State of Kansas shall be au-
thorized to negotiate or to treat with an Indian
tribe, provided the assent of the President be
secured thereto. Is it the pleasure of Congress,
then, when it is not necessary, to depart from
the policy of the Government in its intercourse
with the Indians? I think this whole objection
is obviated by striking out all that relates to
the Indian country and leaving that to the
future control of the Government.. I think it
would not be the pleasure of the Senate to
agree to this change in the policy toward the
Indians that is proposed by the Senator if the
attention of the Senate could be secured to
the subject. My motion is to strike out the
entire eleventh section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that the question must first be
taken on amending the eleventh section, in
order that the Senate may pass its judgment
upon perfecting the eleventh section, before the
motion to strike out will be in order. The
motion to strike out will be in order after the
question on the amendment has been acted
upon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. After the Senate has
inserted those words, can I then move to strike
out the whole section?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that this bill
and all prior orders be postponed, with _a view
to proceed to the consideration of the tax bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
allow us to take a vote on this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must refuse to give
way to anything while the tax bill is pending.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall be allowed
to take the vote on this bill. I am afraid we
shall never be'able to call it up again if we are
not permitted to take a vote and dispose of
these amendments now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot yield. The
Senator can call it up to-morrow in the morn-
ing hour. I have made up my mind to object
to everything until the tax bill'is disposed of,
and my friend is an excellent one to practice
it upon-, as I know he is very good-natured.
Mr. POMEROY. I am sorry the Senator
will not allow us a few minutes more to dispose
of this bill. We only wish to take the vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I asked the Senator
from Missouri, when he moved to take it up,
if he could get through with the bill in ten
minutes, and he said he thought he could. I
insist on my motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope this railroad
bill will be passed over. My friend from Indi-
ana has already consumed four or five morning
hours upon it. I shall call it up to-morrow
morning again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the Senator
from Missouri, I feel it my duty to say that I
have spoken upon this bill and expressed just
such views as I thought it was my duty to
express.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not complaining
of that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator has been
in the habit of calling it up a little while before
the expiration of the morning hour, when there
was no very good opportunity to discuss it,
when it was very difficult to secure the atten-
tion of the Senate; and now I give notice that
upon this bill I expect to ask the attention of
the Senate upon just such questions as I think
it my duty to present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine to postpone the present and all prior
orders, g,nd that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 513.
The motion was agreed to.
internal taxation.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 513)
to reduce internal taxation and to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory
thereof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To save time, I move
that the usual course be taken; that the bill be
read but once, and the amendments proposed
by the Committee on Finance be acted upon as
they are reached in the reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The course
suggested will be taken if there be no objec-
tion, and the sense of the Senate will be taken
on the amendments proposed by the committee
as they are reached in the course of reading
the bill.
The Secretary read the first section of the
bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That on and after the 1st day of
July, 1866, in lieu of the duties on manufactured cot-
ton, as provided in an act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes, approved
June 30.1861, as amended by the act of March 3,1865,
there shall be paid by the producer, owner, or holder,
upon all cotton produced within the United States,
and upon which no tax has been levied, paid or col-
lected, a tax of five cents per pound, as hereinafter
provided; and the weight of such cotton shall be as-
certained by deducting four per cent, for tare from
the gross weight of each bale or package; and such
tax shall be and remain a lien thereon, in the pos-
session of any person whomsoever, from the time
when such cotton is produced as aforesaid until the
same shall have been paid; and no drawback shall,
in any case, be allowed on raw or unmanufactured
cotton of any tax paid thereon when exported in the
raw or unmanufactured condition. But no tax shall
be imposed upon any cotton imported from other
countries, and on which an import duty shall have
been paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An amendment not
proposed by the committee asthebill is printed,
but which they think it advisable to make, is
to amend that section in the third line by
changing the word "July" to "August." I
move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance reported several
amendments to the first section. The first
amendment was in line four, to strike out the
word "duties" and to insert "taxes."
The P RES 11) E NT pro tempore. That altera-
tion will be made, if there be no objection.
The next amendment was in line twelve, to
strike outthe word "five" and insert "two,"
so as to make the tax on cotton two cents per
pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen,
to insert after the word "when" the words
" this law takes effect, or so that thcclausc
will road:
Prom the time when this law takes effect, or such
cotton is produced as aforesaid until the same shall
have been paid.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. This amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the second section, as
follows:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the aforesaid
tax upon cotton shall be levied by the assessor on the
producer, owner, or holder thereof. And said tax
shall bo paid to the collector of internal re venue within
and for the collection district in which said cotton
shall have been produced, and before the same shall
have been removed therefrom, oxeept where other-
wise provided in this aet; and every collector to whom
any tax upon cotton shall be paid shall mailt the
bales or other packages upon which the tax shall hav e
been paid, in such manner as may clearly indicate the
payment thereof, a.nd shall give to the owner or other
person having charge of such cotton a permit for the
removal of the same, stating therein the amount and
payment of the tax, the time and place of payment,
and the weight and marks upon the bales and pack-
ages, so that the same may be fully identified ; and it
shall be the duty of every such collector to keep clear
and sufficient records of all such cotton inspected or
marked, and of all marks and identifications'thereof,
and of all permits for the removal of the same, and
of a.ll his transactions relating thereto, and lie shall
make full returns thereof, monthly, to the Commis-
sioner of internal Revenue.
The Committee on Finance proposed no
amendment to this section.
The Secretary read the next section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue is hereby authorized to
designate one or more places in each collection dis-
trict where an assessor or an assistant assessor and a
