1866.
T§E CONGRESSION" AL GLOBE.
paid an additional bounty of #100, and any such sol-
dier enlisted fpr not less than two years, who has
•been honorably discharged on account, of wounds
received m theline of duty, and the widow or heirs
of any such soldier who died in the service of the
United States, shall be paid the additional bounty
hereby authorized: Provided, That any soldier who
has bartered, sold, assigned, transferred, loaned, ex-
changed, or given away his final discharge papeis, or
any interest in the bounty provided by this or any
other act of Congress, shall not ba entitled to receive
any additional bounty whatever; and when applica-
tion ip made by any soldier for said bounty he shall
be required, under the pains and penalties of per-
jury, ,to make oath or affirmation of his identity,
and that he has not so bartered,sold, assigned, trans-
ferred, exchanged, loaned, or given away either his
discharge papers or any interest in any bounty as
aforesaid, and no claim for such bounty shall beSenter-
taincd by the Paymaster General or othor account-
ing or disbursing officer, except upon receipt of the
claimant's discharge papers, accompanied by the
statement under oath, as by this section provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That in the pay-
ment of the additional bounty herein provided for,
it shall be the duty of the Paymaster General, under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of War, to cause to be examined the
accounts of each and every soldier who makes ap-
plication therefor, and if found entitled thereto, pay-
ment shall be made in bonds of the United States
payable after twenty years with interest at five per
cent, per annum, said bonds to be prepared by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted. That in therecep-
tion, examination,settlement,andpaymentof claims
for said additional bounty due the widows or heirs of
deceased soldiers, the accounting officers of theTr eas-
ury shall be governed by the restrictions prescribed
for the Paymaster General by the Secretary of War,
and the payment shall be made in like manner, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
This plan will do something for the six or
seven hundred thousand veterans who enlisted
the first two and a half years of the war for the
small bounty of $100, the noble men who bore
the brunt of 1 he fight. I commend it to the
committee of conference if the report shall not
be accepted and it goes to a committee. If
the House rejects the report, and I am assured
that it will do so by a large majority, this plan
of mine will be presented to the committee as
a modification of the amendment adopted by
the House, and I am not without hope that it
will be agreed to by the committee of confer-
ence and sustained by both .Houses of Con-
gress.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have now debated
this question one hour, when there is not a
single provision in this bill as it stands that
was not in it when it passed the Senate by a
unanimous vote. The very propositions about
which this contest has been made were settled
in the same way in the bill as it then stood
and as it was voted for by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. That is very true ; but I
understand that the House were to put on the
bounty bill as they have done.
Mr. SHERMAN. They proposed to put on
the bounty bill; but in the conference they
withdrew that, so that the bill now stands pre-
cisely as it stood when it passed the Senate ;
and yet youaredebatingabout.it? Is it not
a strange spectacle ? The House may have a
controversy about it; but we passed this bill
in the very words in which it now stands,
unanimously. We settled both the disputed
propositions by decided votes. The Senate
conferees simply stood by the action of the
Senate, and succeeded in maintaining that
action by the House withdrawing all their
counter-propositions. Now, the very bill that
passed the Senate unanimously after debate is
brought back here, and you talk about reject-
ing it because the House conferees withdrew
from our consideration their amendments and
agreed to the bill as we passed it. How ridic-
ulous an aspect that is for the Senate! It
seems to me we ought to end this matter at
onee and send the bill to the House.
Mr. WADE. I have no disposition to find
fault with what the Senate or what Congress
has done on this subject. I know they are very
difficult questions of adjustment, and I have
as much confidence in the justice of the peo-
ple as other gentlemen have; and when I spoke
of the way the people would view this, I did
it because I know that the people will judge us
as they ought to do, on the principles of jus-
tice and right, as between man and man. I
39tii Cong. 1st Sbss.—No. 2C6.
am afraid of their judgment on this proceed-
ing, because I know they will judge it hon.estly
and properly. The Senator from Maine told
us that the people had not, moved upon this
subject, or words to that effect; that the sol-
diers had asked nothing at our hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say the
soldiers.
Mr. WADE. I do not understand it to be
so. I can scarcely take up a paper in which
I do not find that the soldiers of the late army
are gathering themselves together in conven-
tions, and forming leagues for the purpose of
endeavoring to induce the Government to do
them some measure of justice and equality for
the services they have rendered. It is very
true we did not contract that we would equalize
the bounties ; but as we progressed along with
this war under circumstances of such great
inequality as to the compensation the soldiers
received, they could not fail to know, as every-
body saw, that the justice of the people would
somehow rectify the inequality, and do them
some measure of justice. They did talk of it
then; they expected that we would do some-
thing to rectify these evils; they expect it
now, and they have moved, and are moving,
everywhere upon this subject; and it is all
vain and idle for us to shut our eyes to the fact
that the people are moving upon this subject,
and taking it into the most solemn and serious
consideration. The brave men who have gone
forth and encountered the perils and hardships
of war are just men, lovers of their country ;
but they have as keen a sense of justice and
equality in the compensation that the Govern-
ment ought to bestow upon them for the ser-
vice they have rendered as anybody else ; and
they know as the thing stands now that it is not
equal or right between them. And when we
see this great army moving on this subject, and
see that it has no effect upon Congress, I know
well enough what will be the result. I know
what course partisans and politicians will pur-
sue, and how they will proceed.
Sir, if our principles are right and worth pre-
serving, wo must take the means that common
reason and prudence dictate to preserve those
principles; and you cannot preserve them in
the face of this great army, dispersed all over
this country, burning under a sense of injus-
tice and want of sympathy on the part of the
Congress that ought to be and that they had
reason to believe was their especial friend.
Turn your back coldly on them by increasing
the compensation of all other kind of employes
and it will not answer to tell them that your
Treasury is short; they naturally will ask, if
that were so, how is it tlut you are enabled to
compensate yourselves; how did you come to
enhance the salaries of all other Government
employes, but the moment you turned toward
the soldier you had nothing in your Treasury
to bestow upon him? Sir, that will not do.
Upon such arguments as that we cannot hold
our position. I feel sure of it, and 1 judge by
the great principles of human nuture._ These
men are just men ; they demand nothing of us
that we cannot do, nothing that is unreason-
able ; but it will not do to tell them that you
have no sympathy for them and nothing to
bestow upon them, when you have everything
to bestow upon yourselves and other employ6s
whose labors were easy, whose burdens weie
light, in comparison with the perils and haz-
ards they have encountered.
Mr. President, I am admonished that it is
late, and I will not detain the Senate, for I am
bringing forth no new light on this subject, but
I feel keenly that we must do something if we
can do it, and we must not hurry away by some
sudden impulse until we have taken time to
consider this great subject in all its bearings
and see if we cannot do something. I will not
take further time now.
Mr. YATES. I do not want to consume
time, but my heart and my soul are in this mat-
ter. I do not approve at all of the doctrine of
the honorable Senator from Maine, that when
we make mistakes we must wait for our ene-
mies to discover them before we acknowledge
them. That is not my doctrine; and especially,
if we discover that we have made mistakes
while we have yet time to correct them, I think
it is our duty to correct them. It is not too
late to correct this mistake at this time. I know
as a matter of fact that soldiers' leagues, and
soldiers' conventions are being formed, in every
part of this country now to denounce the action
of Congress because they do not do justice to
the soldier. I know that there is a party, and
the President is atthehead of that party, which
is appealing to the prejudices of the soldiers
and saying that wc, the great Bcpublican Union
party of the country were willing to call out
soldiers, were willing to inaugurate this war,
wore willing to expose them to the perils of
war, but now when the war is over, when they
have fought the battles and achieved the victory,
wo are not the men to stand up and to pay them.
I know it is said that it will be mercenary in
the soldier to t/ippose that he should receive
pay for his services beyond his contract with
the Government. Allow me to ask if it is mer-
cenary for us to add $2,000 to our compensa-
tion for serving the country in a civil capacity?
Will wc receive that, and then say that it
will be mercenary in the soldier who had to
incur all the hardships and dangers and diffi-
culties of war to receive a small additional pit-
tance? I wish to say formyself that in the provi-
dence of God and by the kindness of the peo-
ple I have by my proclamations called out two
hundred and fifty thousand soldiers to this war.
By my attention to them, whether deserved or
undeserved, 1 have in my State the proud title
of "the soldiers' friend." They went out at
the call of their country, they abandoned their
business, they sundered their domestic ties,
they fought for three years, they trudged through
mud and rain and snow, they scaled the heights,
and thousands and hundreds of thousands now
sleep in unmarked graves upon the banks of
the Mississippi, the Cumberland, and the Ten-
nessee, in Shiloli's woods, upon the cloud-in-
volved summits of Lookout mountain, in the
sands of the ocean shore, and there they will
sleep until the day of resurrection; but, sir,
there is the living soldier, there is the wounded
soldier, there is the man who lost his arm as
he sealed the heights of Donelson, or his eye
in the thickets of the Wilderness. He appeals
to this Government to stand by him, and espe-
cially those soldiers who have borne the brunt
and burden of the battle, the three years' men
who went first without pay for love of country,
with no glittering bribes or bounties before
them, who took upon themselves this battle,
and who saved th's country, who rescued the
life of fhe nation.
I will detain the Senate but a moment longer;
I will curtail the remarks I intended to make,
but I do wish to say one thing, that when 1 voted
to increase the pay of members of Congress I
did it because I believed it was right to increase
their pay; when I voted to increase the pay of
the clerks with my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sums Eli] 1 believed it was right ; but, sir,
it never entered my mind that it nas in the
conceptions of the present Congress not to
equalize the bounties of soldiers. 1 occupy
precisely the same position that my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] does ; and 1 never
should have cast my vote for the increase of
my own pay, however much I need it—and I
need it veiy much—without at the same lime
extending corresponding remuneration to those
who have done so much for us and who deserve
so much at our hands.
Mr. DOO LITTLE,
the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
then.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
I hope wo shall have
Do not make a speech,
   I shall make no speech
about it. The Senator from Maine will un-
derstand that I am just as anxious to get to a
vote as he is himself. I say let us come to a
vote on this question and immediately, for I
desire to take up for consideration the resolu-
tion I submitted authorizing the Commissioner
of the General Land Office and the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to prepare a bill to ho sub-
