1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
people, we, in good faith, hare become bound
to the people of Colorado to accept the con-
stitution which has been adopted by them,
notwithstanding we are convinced that her
population is too small to entitle her to the
representation and the position of a State.
That brings me to the consideration of the
question whether we are in good faith bound
to the people of that Territory.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me ask the Senator
from Wisconsin if he does not know, having
been there, and having traveled under military
escort on account of Indian troubles, that it
was altogether unsafe for the people to vote;
whether he himself could have gone a rod with-
out the military to protect him when he was
there? Is a vote taken under such circum-
stances any test of the population of a State?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In the Territory of Colo-
rado undoubtedly 1here lias been great dis-
turbance in consequence of Indian difficulties.
Undoubtedly these Indian difficulties havts pre-
vented that increase of the population in Colo-
rado which was reasonably anticipated by the
Committee on Territories when they brought
in the enabling act. The Indian hostilities
upon the plains have undoubtedly cut off im-
migration to Colorado. They have cut off also
the supplies of Colorado. This made the price
of provisions so high in Colorado that the
miners could not go there to develop the mines.
Mv belief is that a 11 or a time when peace is
established and supplies are more easily carried
over the plains, and especially when the rail-
road shall be const rueteil so I lint supplies can
go cheaply to the mountains of Colorado, there
will be a great rush.of population there; and
I do not believe it will lie many years before
there will be in Colorado ii population of fifty,
sixty, perhaps eighty ' thousand inhabitants,
but they are not in thai condition now. 1 am
convinced, from the e\idence before me, that
there are not to exceed twenty-live thousand
people in the present Territory of Colorado;
and therefore, as 1 Kay, the question forces
itself upon mymiml. arc we bound by what we
have done in good faith to that people?
Now, what are the facts bearing upon that
point? We passed the enabling act, and under
that enabling net the question was submitted
to I hat people, will yon accept a constitution
and form a State government, or will you not ? •
Upon that, question the, people voted, and the
vote upon that question was most decided that
they would not accept it.
Mr. MOIiUI LIj. What year was that?
Mr. DOOLITTI.M. In the Ibll of U«!l. We
passed tlieael in llie spring oflKlit; March
21, l.Stit, is the date of its approval. That act
provided for the mode of calling the conven-
tion ; it provided that the (iovernor of the
Territory should, by proclamation, divide it
into proper districts, and that the election
should be held uuderthe provisions of that act.
They did elect a convention, and llie conven-
tion. pui'-niant to that act, submitted the con-
stitution to the people, and on that question
the people cast (i, IH2 votes, of which 1,520
were for the State constitution, and 4,(172
against it, leaving a majority of ". 152 against
the constitution.
It seems to mo that the question was fairly
submit toil to the people under this enabling
act ; and the pro\isinns of the enabling act
having been complied with, there is no further
power under (he enabling act for the (iovernor
of Colorado or the _ people of Colorado to do
anything at all. If you look into the act you
will find that the first section provides—
"That the inhabitants of that portion of the Ter-
ritory of Colorado included in (he boundaries herein-
after designated, bo, and tiiev up* hereby, authorized
to form for themselves, out of said Temtory, a State
government, with the name aforesaid; whieh said
State, when formed, sh.itt be admit ted into ttic Union
upon an c<mal footing with the original states ill all
respects whatsoever.'''
" \\ hen formed.'' How formed ? Formed
under this act; and this act tells them h w to do
it, and says who shall be qualified to vote. To
quote the language of the statute, it provides:
"The governor of said Territory shall by proclama-
tion, on or before the first Monday of May next, order
an election of the representatives aforesaid, to be
held on the first Monday of Juno thereat tor, through-
out the Territory, and sueil election shall be con-
ducted in the same manner as is prescribed by the
laws of said Territory regulating elections therein
for members of the House of Representatives ; and
the number of members to said convention shall be
the same as now constitute both branches of the
Legislature of the aforesaid Territory."
That election was held,; the convention
formed a constitution, and pursuant to the fifth
section of the act submitted the constitution to
the people. That fifth section provided—
"That in case a constitution and State government
shall be formed for the people of said Territory of
Colorado, in compliance with the provisions of this
aet, said convention forming the same shall piovide
by ordinance for submitting said constitution to the
peopleof said State fortheir ratification or rejection,
at an election to be held on the second Tuesday ot
October, 1861. at such places,'' &c. *
"And if a majority of legal votes shall ho cast for
said constitution in said proposed State, the said act-
ins Governor shall certify the same to the President
of the United States, together with a copy of said con-
stitution and ordinanccstothat effect; whercuponit
shall be the duly of the President of theUmted States
to issue his proclamation declaring the State admit-
ted into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States, without any further action whatever on
the part ol Congress."
Now, as it seems to me, dealing in perfect
good faith with the Territory of Colorado and
with ouiselves, in the belief that they had a pop-
ulation of forty or fifty thousand attiic time, and
in the belief thutthat population would increase,
we authorized them to hold a convention, form
a constitution, and submit the question to the
people whether they would have a State gov-
ernment or not. All that was done and the
people said no. As it seems to me, ail power
under this act was expended when that thing
was accomplished; and now the question re-
turns as an original proposition. 1 do not feel
that we are bound by what we have done to
close our eyes to the fact of the present condi-
tion of the people of Colorado, and that it does
come before us substantially as a new and ori-
ginal proposition for us to consider whether in
our opinion Colorado is this day now to as-
sume the position and the responsibilities, and
discharge the duties of a State in this Union.
I come to this conclusion against my hopes and
against my wishes in relation to Colorado, for
1 had hoped she would have the requisite pop-
ulation at this time. 1 wish for her growth and
development. My sympathies are in thai direc-
tion ; yet I must confess that I am constrained
to say upon my judgment that I cannot vote
now for her admission as a State.
Mr. CRAG IN. Mr. President, it was not
my purpose to say a single word on this sub-
ject ; but the course of the discussion here, and
the fact that I voted for this bill in committee,
seem to impel me to say a few words, and only
a lew. The same reasons which influenced me
to vole for this bill in committee will influence
me to vote for it here. Coming into this body
a new member and into this Committee on Ter-
ritories, I found that Congress by an actpassed
in 1804 had authorized this 'Territory to form
a State government, or, in other words, had
passed an enabling act. I supposed that Con-
gress were in earnest and meant what they said
when they passed that act. I found that the
people of this Territory had tried once under
that enabling act and had voted down their con-
stitution, and on a second trial had adopted a
constitution and came here asking for admis-
sion into this Union. 1 say I supposed that Con-
gress were in earnest when they invited them
to do this thing in 180-1. I believed that they
did right; and therefore I voted for this bill.
In the committee. Mr. President, if my recol-
lection serves me, there was no discussion about
the want of population; no discussion about
any irregularity in arriving at this conclusion.
Not a word was heard on that subject,; 1 have
S heard that here to-day for the first time ; and
j henjje it is possible that if this argument had
! been presented there, I might have arrived at
a different, conclusion. But, sir, after all the
j discussion we have heard hero to-day, I am
I convinced, and thoroughly convinced, that not
I a single reason exists to-day for refusing this
I Territory admission that did not exist when the
enabling act was passed. I believe conscien-
tiously that this Territory has more population
to-day than it had in March, 1864. I believe,
too, there is a wrong impression conveyed, here
on that subject. 1 am thoroughly convinced
that the population of Colorado is equal to forty
thousand at this moment, i am convinced of
it from reasons that are satisfactory to me.
First, I have a friend now residing in the city
of Denver who has written me frequently in re-
lation to matters in that Territory, and he has
informed me, without any reference whatever
to this question, that the population of that city
alono is from seven to ten thousand inhabitants.
And a gentleman who occupies a seat on this
floor, one of the members-elect from Colorado
as a Senator, informs me that the county of
Cilpin where he resides has a population of from
ten to twelve thousand.
Gentlemen have laid great stress upon this
matter of voting. To me it is no evidence
whatever of population, especially in a mining
Territory. It is no evidence, because in many
of our old settled States the mere number of
voters is no indication of the population of
those States.
I say, Mr. President, that I arrived at the
conclusion in committee that the same reasons
existed now for admitting this Territory that
existed when the enabling act was passed. I
have not been convinced to-day that any dif-
ferent reasons exist. I say again that I believe
the population of this Territory is greater now
than it ever was before. If the people of that
Territory had happened to adopt their consti-
tution in 1864, when they tried first, they would
be here to-day represented by their Senators;
they would have been admitted by the procla-
mation of the President; and if any great ca-
lamity had befallen this Republic in case that
state of tilings had happened, it would have
been attributable to those older members of
the Senate who voted for the enabling act which
allowed them to come in. Isee no reason that
exists to-day why they should not be admitted
that did not exist when the enabling act was
passed. The only objection that I had heard
outside the Senate before to-day why this Ter-
ritory should not be admitted is the fact that the
word "white" is in the constitution. As I
believed that they were acting substantially un-
der the enabling act, that Congress had author-
ized them to form a constitution, I thought they
should not be excluded on that account.
For these reasons, and others which might
be given. I shall cast my vote for the admis-
sion of this Territory as a State of the Union.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, in the first
section of the enabling act, of which we have
heard considerable here to-day, Congress used
this language:
"That the inhabitants of that portion of the Terri-
tory of Colorado included in the boundaries herein-
after designated, be, and they are hereby, authorized
to form for themselves out of said Territory, a State
government, with the name afoiesaid."
If, as is alleged, this act was exhausted and
dead after the first attempt upon this subject,
wdiy did not Congress on its part then repeal
this law? Here you have had it standing from
that day to this, from the 21st of March, 1864,
until this time, a standing invitation to the peo-
ple of Colorado to form a Stale constitution.
You have twice put these people, wdio the Sen-
ator from Iowa told us are intensely poor, to
the expense of forming a State constitution in
obedience to the invitation of the first section
of this act. I say that upon our part, at this
time, to reject the admission of the State upon
this ground would be a gross breach of faith
to these people, who can very ill bear the ex-
pense of these two movements for admission
into the Union.
But, Mr. President, in addition to these rea-
sons there is great force in llie argument of the
honorable Senator from Kansas that this is a
far outlying population on the way to the Pacific,
a community of which we ought not to require
the same population that we ought of a com-
munity conterminous to ourselves. It is six or
seven hundred miles to the city of Denver,
