3282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
ant assessor to leave at such place of residence or
business, with some one of suitable age and discre-
tion, if such be present, otherwise to deposit in the
nearest post office, a note or memorandum, addressed
to such person, requiring him or her to render to such
assistant assessor the list or return required bylaw
within ten days from tho date of such note or mem-
orandum, verified by oath or affirmation. And if any
person, on being notified or required as aforesaid,
shall refuse or neglect to render such list or return
within the time required as aforesaid, or if any per-
son without notice, as aforesaid, shall not deliver a
monthly or other list or return at the time required
by law, or if any person shall deliver or disclose to
any assessor or assistant assessor any list, statement,
or return which, in the opinion of the assessor, is
false er fraudulent, or contains any understatement
or undervaluation, it shall be lawful for the assessor
to summon such person, his agent, or other person
having possession, custody, or care of books of ac-
count containing entries relating to the trade or busi-
ness of such person, or any other persons he may deem
proper, to appear before such assessor and produce
such book, at a time and place therein named, and
to give testimony or answer interrogatories under
oath or affirmation respecting any objects liable to
duty or tax as aforesaid, or the lists, statements, or
returns thereof, or any trade, business, or profession
liable to any tax as aforesaid. And the assessor may
summon, as aforesaid, any person residing or found
within the State in which his district is situated.
And when the person intended to bo summoned does
not reside and cannot be found within such State,
the assessor may enter any collection district where
such person may be found, and there make the ex-
amination hereinbefore authorized. And to this end
he shall there have and may exercise all the power
and authority he has or may lawfully exercise in the
district for which he is commissioned. The sum-
mons authorized by this section shall in all cases be
served by an assistant assessor of the district where
the person to whom it is directed may be found, by
an attested copy delivered to such person in hand or
left at his last and usual place of abode, allowing
such assistant assessor at the rate of one day lor each
twenty-five miles he may be required to travel, com-
puted from his place of residence to the place of ser-
vice; and the certificate of service signed by such
assistant assessor shall be evidence of the factit states
on the hearing of an application for an attachment,
and when tho summons requires the production of
books, it shall be sufficient if such books are described
with reasonable certainty. In case any person so
summoned shall neglect or refuse to obey such sum-
mons, or to give testimony, or to answer interroga-
tories as required, it shall be lawful for the assessor,
upon affidavit proving the facts,toapplytothejudge
of tho district court or to a commissioner of the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the district within
which the person so summoned resides, and such judge
or commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered
to perform the duties herein required, for an attach-
ment against such person as for a contempt. It shall
be the duty of such judge or commissioner to hear
such application, and, if satisfactory proof be made,
to issue an attachment, directed to some proper offi-
cer, for the arrest of such person, and upon his being
brought before him to proceed to a hearing of the
easo; and upon such hearing the judge or commis-
sioner shall have power to make such order as he
shall deem proper, not inconsistent with the pro-
visions of existing laws,for the punishment of con-
tempts, to cnforcc obcdience to tho requirements of
the summons and punish such person for his default
or disobedience. It shall be the duty of tho assessor
or assistant assessor of the district within which such
person shall have taxable property to enter into and
upon the premises, if it be necessary, of such person
so refusing or neglecting, or rendering a false or fraud-
ulent list or return, and to make, according to the
best information which he can obtain, including that
derived from the evidenco elicited by tho examina-
tion of the assessor, and on his own view and informa-
tion, such list or return, according to the form pre-
scribed, of the property, goods, wares, and merchan-
dise, and all articles or objects liable to duty or tax,
owned or possessed or under the care or management
of such person, and assess the duty or tax thereon,
lucluding the amount, if any, due for special tax or
income; and in case of the return of a false or fraud-
ulent list or valuation, he shall add one hundred per
cent, to such duty or tax; and in ease of a refusal
or neglect, cxccpt in cases of sickness or absence, to
make a list or return, or to verify the same as afore-
said, he shall add titty per cent, to such duty or tax;
and in case of ncglect occasioned by sickness or ab-
sfincfl as aforesaid, the assessor may allow such fur-
ther time for making and delivering such list or
return as he may judge necessary, not exceeding thirty
days; and tho amount so added to tho duty or tax
shall, in all case1', be collected by tho collector at the
same time and in the same manner as the duty or
tax; and the list or return so made and subscribed
by sueh assessor or assistant assessor shall bo taken
and reputed as good and sufficient for all legal pur-
poses. And in addition to other provisions of law,
whenever fraud has been or shall be alleged as to anv
list or return, and the party charged with fraud shall
make denial of the same in writing and shall demand
a hearing thereon, and shall tender to the assessor of
the proper district a bond with two or more sureties
payable to the United States in a sum not less than
double the amount of the tax assessed because of
such alleged fraud, and conditioned that such per-
son will abide by the orders and judgments of the
court before whom such case shall be heard, and will
pay whatever sum may he adjudged against him for
tax, and also all costs that may be adjudged against
him, and upon the approval of such bond by such
assessor, it shall be the duty of such assessor to trans-
mit to the district attorney of the United States for
the district within which such collection district is
situate all the#papers in the case, and it shall also be
the duty of said district attorney to immediately in-
stitute in the proper circuit or district court of the
United States a suit for the recovery of the tax as-
sessed because of such alleged fraud, and the same
shall be prosecuted to judgment as in other cases;
and such cases shall have precedence over other civil
cases on the calendar of such court. And until final
judgment all proceedings by the assessor and col-
lector shall be suspended; and in case of seizure of
property, the property seized shall be released upon
the approval of the bond herein provided for; but
nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect
in any manner proceedings by indictment as pro-
vided by law.
The committee proposed to amend tlie clause
by striking out the words "duty or'? before
"tax," in line fifty-five.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee further proposed to strike
out "assistant assessor,77 in line seventy, after
"such," and to insert "person."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to strike out, in
line seventy-two, the words " his place of res-
idence to," and after "service," in the same
line, to insert "to the place of examinationj"
so that the clause will read:
Tho summons authorized by this section shall in all
cases be served by an assistant assessor of the dis-
trict where tho person to whom it is directed may be
found, by an attested copy delivered to such person
in hand or left at his last and usual place of abode,
allowing such person at the rate of one day for each
twenty-five miles he maybe required to travel, com-
puting from the place of service to the place of
examination.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "fact," in
line seventy-four, should be in the plural,
" facts''
# ThePttESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) That correction will be made.
The committee proposed further to amend
the clause, in line eighty, after the word " as-
sessor," to strike out "upon affidavit proving
the facts," and inline eighty-three, after the
word "resides," to strikeout " and such judge
or commissioner is hereby authorized and em-
powered to perform the duties herein required
so that the clause would then read:
In case any person so summoned shall neglect or
refuse to obey such summons, or to £ive testimony,
or to answor interrogatories as required, it shall bo
lawful for the assessor to apply to the judge of the dis-
trict court or to a commissioner of tho circuit court
of tlie United States for the district within which
tho person so summoned resides, for an attachment
against such person as for a contempt.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to strike out the
words "duty or" before "tax," in line one
hundred aud six.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to.
The committee proposed to strike out the
words "duty or" before "tax," in lines one
hundred and ten and one hundred and eleven.
The amendment wag agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same words, "duty
or," should be struck out in line onehundred
and seven, before "tax."
The PRESIDING OFFICE It. That amend-
ment will be made.
The committee proposed to strike out "duty
or" before "tax," inline one hundred and
thirteen, and also in line one hundred and
eighteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same words should
be stricken out in line one hundred and nine-
teen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
done.
The next amendment proposed by the com-
mittee was after the word " purposes." in line
one hundred and twenty-two, to strike out to
the end of the clause, the words stricken out
being:
And in addition to other provisions of law. when-
ever fraud has been or shall bo alleged as to any list
or return, and the party charged with fraud shall
make denial of the same in wiiting, and shall de-
mand a hearing thereon, and shall tender to tho as-
sessor of the proper district a bond with two or more
sureties payable to the United gtates in a sum not
less than double tho amount of the tax assessed be-
cause of such alleged fraud, and conditioned thatsuch
person will abide by the orders and judgments of the
court before whom such case shall be heard, and will
pay whatever sum may be adjudged against him for
tax, and also all costs that may be adjudged against
him, and upon the approval of such bond by sueh
assessor, it shall be the duty of such assessor to trans-
mit to tho district attorney of the United States for
the district within which such collection district is
situate all the papers in the case, and it sha.ll also
be the duty of said district attorney to immediately
institute in the proper circuit or district court of the
United States a suit for the recovery of the tax as-
sessed because of such alleged fraud, and the same
shall be prosecuted to judgmentas in other cases, and
such cases shall have precedence over other civil
eases on the calendar of such court. And until final
judgment all proceedings by the assessor and col-
lector shall be suspended; and in ease of seizure of
property the property seized shall be released upon
the approval^ of the bond herein provided for; but
nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect
in any manner proceedings by indictment as provided
by law.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire why that
clause is stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason is that it
is an entire change of the law, and in the opin-
ion of the committee would send everything
for trial into the courts and cause continual
litigation.
Mr. GRIMES. If a man has got a good
defense and wants to go into court why not
allow him to do so ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not a matter of
defense. This clause changes the whole sys-
tem, and would make it entirely different from
any other system anywhere in regard to the
collection of taxes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of the
ninth section, as follows :
That section nineteen be amended by striking out
all after tho enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that the assessor for each
collection district shall, by advertisement in the
newspaper of largest circulation in each county
within said district, and if there be none published
in any county of the district, then in the newspaper
of largest circulation in the collection district ad-
joining thereto, and by notifications to bo posted up
in at least four public places, and shall mail a copy
of such notice to each postmaster in his district, to
be posted up in his office, within each assessment dis-
trict, advertise, by not less than ton days' notice, all
persons concerned of the time and place within said
collection district when and where appeals will be
received and determined relative to any erroneous
or exccssivc valuations, assessments, or enumer-
ations by the assessor or assistant assessor returned
in tho annual list. And it shall be the duty of the
assessor for cach collection district, at the time fixed
for hearing such appeal, as aforesaid, to submit the
proceedings of the assessor and assistant assessor,
and the annual lists taken andreturned as aforesaid,
to the inspection of any and all persons who may
apply for that purpose. And such assessor is hereby
authorized at any time to hear and determine in a
summary way, according to law and right, upon any
and all appeals which may bo exhibited against tho
proceedings of the said assessor or assistant assessors,
and tho office or principal place of business of the said
assessor shall be open during the business hours of
each day, for the hearing of appeals by parties who
shall appear voluntarily before him: Provided, That'
no appeal shall be allowed to any party after he shall
have been duly assessed, and the annual list contain-
ing the assessment has been transmitted to the col-
lector of the district. And all appeals to the assess-
or, as aforesaid, shall be made in writing, and shall
specify the particularcause, matter, or thing respect-
ing which a decision is requested, and shall, more-
over, state the ground or principle of error com-
plained of. And the assessor shall have power to
reexamine and determine upon the assessments and
valuations and rectify tho same as shall appear just
and equitable: but such valuation, assessment, or
enumeration shall not be increased without a pre-
vious notice of at least five days to the party inter-
ested to appear and object to the same if ho judge
proper, which notice shall be in writing and left at
the dwelling-house, office, or place of business of the
party by such assessor, assistant assessor, or other
person, or sent by mail to the nearest or usual post
office address of said party: Provided further, That
on the hearing of appeals it shall be lawful for the
assessor to require by summons the attendance of
witnesses and the production of books of account in
the same manner and under tho same penalties as
are provided in cases of refusal or neglect to furnish
lists or returns. The costs for the attendance and
mileage of said witnesses shall be taxed by tho as-
sessor and paid by the delinquent parties, or by the
disbursing agent for the district, on certificate of the
assessor, at tho rates allowed to witnesses in the dis-
trict courts of the United States.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
this clause by inserting after the word "shall."
in lino one hundred and fifty-two, the words
"give notice," so that it will read, "that the
assessor for each collection district shall give
notice by advertisement."
The amendment was agreed to.
