1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2328
be the facilities of transportation of the western
products, with a population of 50,000,000, when
all the lines of transportation are inadequate to
carry off the surplus produce of 10,000,000
people to-day.
Think of it for a moment, and reflect upon the
astounding fact, that but a few years ago this
great Northwest was but one vast wilderness!
Washington, the Father of his Country,when
Illinois was inhabited by the wild savage,when
the entire Northwest was marked on the map
to a great extent as a region unknown, had a
deep appreciation of the future grandeur and
glory of our country. Speaking of the western
country, eighty years and more ago, he used
this language:
" For my own part, I wish sincerely that every door
to tkart country may be thrown wide open and com-
mercial intercourse with it rendered as free and easy
as possible. This is in my opinion the best if not the
only cement that can bind these people to us for any
length of time, and we shall be deficient in foresight
and wisdom if wo neglect the means of effecting it.
Our interest is so much in unison with this measure
that nothing short of that misjudged parsimony and
contracted way of thinking which intermingles so
much in our public councils can counteract it."
It is said to be unconstitutional for the Gov-
ernment to construct a work of this character.
I have no time to enter into ail elaborate con-
stitutional argument on this question, but I
must say a few words. The Constitution de-
clares that Congress shall have power, first,
to establish post offices and post roads; sec-
ond, to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions and among the States and with the
Indian tribes; third, to raise and support
armies and provide for the common defense;
and fourth, to make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper to carry into execution
the foregoing powers.
If the power of Congress could be questioned
under the first and second powers above quoted,
how could it be questioned under the third,
which declares that Congress shall have power
to raise and support armies and provide for
the common defense? Congress can provide
for the common defense without either an army
or navy, and consequently may neither raise
an army nor build a navy, and yet it may pro-
vide for the common defense by other means.
If it is necessary to provide for the com-
mon defense of the country to build a fort,
then it is constitutional to build a fort. If it
is necessary to provide for the common de-
fense that we should have cannon and cannon-
balls, then it would be constitutional for Con-
gress to establish a cannon foundery wherein to
cast guns: so we might establish a dozen or a
hundered founderies, and so we might work the
iron-ore bed to get the material wherewith to
cast the cannon. It is a question, in the first
place, of necessity, and in the second place a
question of means.
The extent of the necessity is not measured in
the Constitution, and the character of the means
is not specified. Under this power in the Con-
stitution we have established arsenals, dock-
yards, navy-yards, military academies, naval
academies, and done many other things to pro-
vide for the common defense of the country.
Under this power we educate men in military
schools and pay for their education out of the
public treasury. Congress is to judge of what
is necessary to provide for the common defense,
and Congress is also to select the means whereby
the country is to be defended. If a ship is
necessary we build it; if a fort is necessary we
build it; if an^arsenal is necessary we build it;
and if Congress determined that a ship-canal is
necessary to the common defense, it ought to
be built, and unless Congress provided for the
building of that canal it would be derelict in its
duty to the country.
The Secretary of War, in 1824, made use of
the following language in his report:
"Many of the roads and canals which have been
suggested are, no doubt, of the first importance to
the commerce, the agriculture, and the manufactures
. and thepolitical prosperityoftheeountry, but arenot
for that reason less useful or necessary for Military
purposes. It is, in fact, one of the great advantages
of our country, enjoying so many others, that whether
we regard its internal improvement m relation to
military, civil, or political purposes, very nearly the
same system, in all its parts, is required. The road
or canal can scarcely be designated which is not highly
useful for military operations, and which is not equally
required for the industry or political prosperity of
the country."
It gives no weight to the argument against
the constitutionality of this bill to declare that
the chief feature of the work is in its commer-
cial value to the country. No matter how ben-
eficial it may be in a commercial point of view
if it is also in a military point of view a necessary
means of defense to the country, then it is con-
stitutional for Congress to make the appro-
priation for the construction of such work.
I will simply add in this connection, that the
Constitution, in section eight of article one, in
addition to the powers already referred to,
provides that Congress shall have power to
provide for the general welfare of the United
States. This is a very broad and comprehen-
sive power, and might, if needed, be quoted
as a justification of the constitutional power of
Congress to pass this bill, for if there be any
one enterprise which is calculated to promote
the general welfare of the United States, it is
an enterprise which involves an increase of the
facilities of transportation from the great West
to the great East.
But we are not driven to this stress to defend
this bill under the Constitution. We have a
complete vindication, so far as the constitu-
tional power of Congress is concerned, in that
clause of the Constitution which declares that
Congress shall have power to provide for the
common defense. I should have little regard
for the talent or the honesty of a man who
should contend that a ship-canal around the
falls of Niagara, connecting Lake Erie with
Lake Ontario, isnot necessary for the common
defense of the country.
That great man Albert, Gallatin, as long ago
as 1808, in his celebrated report said :
"The opening of an inland navigation from tide-
water to the great lakes wonlil immediately give to
the great body of lands bordering on those lakes as
great value as though they were situated at a dis-
tance of one hundred miles by land from the sea-
coast."
He appreciated tlie importance of this work,
and urged with great earnestness and ability a
plan upon Congress for its construction.
The most enlightened and comprehensive
statesmen of our country have from the ear-
liest period of our Government been in favor
of extending aid by the General Government
in the construction of this great work, and they
never were at a loss to defend the constitu-
tionality of their views in the comprehensive
language of the Constitution itself.
Congress is the only power under the Con-
stitution authorized to judge and determine as
to the necessity of the measure in providing
for the defense of the country, and it is also
the only power which has the constitutional right
to determine what means shall be made use of
to secure that protection except in time of war.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has spoken
fifteen minutes, the time which was allotted to
him.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield ten minutes to
mv colleague. [Mr. Cook.]
'Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, this question was
so fully discussed in the House during the last
Congress that I do not expect that anything
that I can say will shed any new light upon it;
and yet, as it is a question of so much interest
to the people of my own State, in common with
those of other western agiicultural States, I
have been forced to consider it with care, and
I wish to submit a very few suggestions upon
it to the House.
The proposed work is shown to bo practi-
cable. The report of Captain William G. Wil-
liams, of the United States Engineer corps,
House Document 214, Twenty-Fourth Con-
gress, first session, made by ail officer of high
professional attainments, demonstrates the
practicability of the enterprise.
The cost is small. The report of the engi-
neer fixes it at from three and a half to five
millions, according to the route chosen. The
increase in the price of labor and material since
the report was mades make Unnecessary to in-
crease this estimate somewhat, and accordingly
the sum is now fixed at $6,000,000.
Can the loan of the credit of the Government
be constitutionally and properly given to this
work as a work of military necessity? We have
been called upon at this session to appropriate
very large sums of money for the erection and
repair of fortifications along our Atlantic sea-
board, and to some extent upon the lakes. I
do not question the propriety of such appropri-
ations, and I think that it can be demonstrated
that the principle which would justify them
would justify the passage of this bill. To illus-
trate this: we very properly appropriate a
sum of money to repair and garrison a fort at
Oswego, for instance. Now this is wholly for
the defense of that city and harbor, and is
wholly unnecessary except in case of hostili-
ties with Great Britain—no other enemy could
ever reach that point—and the appropriation is
made. But in the event of hostilities with
Great Britain or her American dependencies
this ship-canal would be a thousand-fold more
available for the defense of the country than
Fort Ontario. We have nearly or quite three
thousand miles of lake coast. The whole line
of this coast is studded with flourishing cities,
the marts of business and the avenues of com-
merce. We have upon the lakes some four
thousand vessels. An enemy in command of
the lakes could do us more injury than would
result from the reduction of any one place in
the country. The whole trade and commerce
carried on in the four thousand vessels of the
lakes would be at the mercy of an enemy who
could place a superior force upon their waters.
The damage that would result to the business
interests of all parts of the country in such an
event can scarcely be calculated.
By treaty with England we are prohibited
from maintaining upon the lakes more than
a single vessel-ot-war, to be armed with a sin-
gle gun ; and we have no war vessels upon
Lake Ontario or the St. Lawrence. It is truo
that the British Government is also limited to
a single war vessel, but it has facilities within
its own territory for the concentration of fleets
and material of war upon the lakes. The
Canadian canals arc so constructed as to be
available for this purpose. The British Gov-
ernment is prepared, in the event of war, to
assert an entire supremacy upon the lakes, for
she can send the necessary naval force from
the St. Lawrence to do so ; while we have not
a naval station on the lakes where a single ves-
sel could be promptly fitted out, nor a fortifi-
cation that could withstanda modern iron-clad
vessel. What vast public and private interests
are thus left defenseless. Surely the constitu-
tional right, to erect a fortification anywhere is
not plainer than istherighttoconstruetuponour
side a canal through which vessels-of-war can
be transported from the upper to the lower
lakes or from the Mississippi to Lake Ontario.
But the point to which I respectfully and ear-
nestly ask the attention of the House is this :
the work is essential to us of the West to ena-
ble us to bear the burdens which have been laid
upon us in the shape of taxation, direct and
indirect. We are an agricultural people. In
the Slate of Illinois we have but one commer-
cial city, properly so called. The great lead-
ing interest of the State is the agricultural in-
terest. We produce an immense surplus of
food, which must find its way to the eastern
markets. It is the only commodity which we
have to exchange for the manufactures of New
England; for the coal, iron, and oil of Penn-
sylvania. The facilities of transportation are
wholly inadequate. We have a magnificent
water communication between Chicago and
Buffalo, sufficient for the transportation of any
■amount of the products of the West, but at
Buffalo our troubles begin. There ia a barrier
which we cannot pass. The amount of freight
offering for shipment from Buffalo eastward is
so great during the season of navigation that
the owners of boats can and do demand ana
receive almost any amount of Ireignt they
choose to ask.
