1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4248
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have a vote
upon it, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is ob the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The motion was agreed to.
senator from tennessee.
The Senate acflbrdingly resumed the consid-
eration of the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary which; as it had been
amended, was as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. David T.Patterson, upon tak-
ing the oaths required by the Constitution and laws,
be admitted to a seat in the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret that I cannot
consistently vote for this resolution. I stated
my views briefly when the question was up be-
fore, and will not take up any considerable
time in repeating them now. But, sir, with
this law upon the statute-book, I do not see
how the Senate can vote that the applicant is
entitled to his seat on taking the oath, when it
appears before the Senate on the report of the
committee that if he takes the oath he takes it
in the teeth of the law. The law says that
every person shall take an oath that he has not
sought or held any office or exercised the func-
tions of any office under any government, or
pretended government, in hostility to the United
States; and now, if we vote that the applicant
can take his seat on taking that oath when the
fact is patent before us that he did hold an office
under a government in hostility to the United
States, it seems to me it is saying that this oath
amounts to nothing; you may as well repeal
it. There is but one way in which we can pre-
serve the law, maintain the sanctity of the law,
and at the sametime admit the applicant to his
seat, upon the ground that although he held an
office under the confederate government in hos-
tility to the United States, he did it, not for the
purpose of aiding that government, but for the
purpose of serving Union men. The only way
we can admit the applicant, in my judgment,
upon that state of facts, is to relieve him from
taking that portion of the oath; and I think
that was the proper course which the Senate
adopted to-day. Then you preserve the law;
then you say to the people of this country that
whenever a disloyal man comes here, he is not
to be admitted ; that Congress will insist upon
"the oath ; that he shall not be permitted to take
his seat simply because he is willing to take
the oath ; that Congress will regard the oath,
and no man that cannot literally take it shall
be admitted to a seat while that law stands upon
the statute-book.
Then, if there is a case where a loyal man
ought to be admitted, it is our duty to remove
the statute, so that lie may take his seat. We
cannot go before the country and say to the
people ef this country "Here is a Union man:
here is a man that has been persecuted for his
loyalty; here is a man who lived in a portion
of the country over which the rebels bore sway;
who was hunted from his home; who succored
Union men; who gave intelligence to the com-
manders of the Union armies; who comes now
from a State that is entitled to representation
according to the act of Congress, and presents
himself and we turn him away.'' We cannot
do that. What shall we say to the people of
the country when they ask us why such a per-
son was not admitted to his seat? Shall we
say to them, "He is not admitted to his seat
because there is a law of Congress that says he
shall not be admitted to his seat except he
swears a certain oath; and he did acts incon-
sistent with that, and therefore is not admitted
to his seat." What is the reply? "Yon make
the laws; why did you not change that law so
that justice and right could be done in the par-
ticular case?" It is the only way of escape.
But, sir, if the applicant is permitted to come
in here and take the oath in the face of the
facts before us, you say to the country that any
man, no matter if his hands are steeped in
blood, may come here and take his seat if he
will take the oath. Sir, if you do that, you may
as well repeal your oath at once; you pay no re-
gard to it: you place the decision as to whether
a man shall take a seat here under the oath
upon the man himself; and if the chief of the
rebels is corrupt enough to come here and
swear according to the act,' upon such a con-
struction, although the oath might be false in
fact and in spirit, you will be compelled to re-
ceive him. You may as well remove the oath
from your statute-book, if that is the construc-
tion that is to be put upon it. Unwilling as
I am to do anything to deprive the applicant
in this case of his seat here, I see but one way
to allow him to take it, and that is, to do ex-
actly what we have done, dispense with thatpor-
tion of the oath in his particular case, which,
in my judgment, as I view the matter from my
stand-point, he*cannot properly take.
Mr. WADE. I have reflected somewhat
upon this subject, and I cannot exactly agree
with the Senator from Illinois upon it. We
have a law that we deliberately made, and
which nothing less than both branches of Con-
gress, together with the President, can annul.
That law provides that no man who has been
engaged in the rebellion or held any office un-
der the confederacy and sworn allegiance to
it—I do not repeat the exact words of it—shall
be a member of Congress. There that law
stands like a lion in the path. This man, as
I understand the committee found, was a judge
who took an oath to support the confederate
government that was in hostility to that of the
United States, and the duties of that office
would inevitably compel him to do acts in fur-
therance of those rebel laws. Our committee
pronounce a high eulogy upon him because he
did take an oath that he would act as a judge
and execute the laws of the confederacy, be-
cause they say his motives were good. Sir, it
is all idle to give that construction to it. He
violated the laws of the United States; he vio-
lated his duty as a citizen; he abandoned his
allegiance to the Government of the United
States; and whatever his motives may have
been he was guilty of hostility to this Govern-
ment.
Sir, what would his duty as a judge compel
him to do ? One of the first laws passed in the
confederacy was that the property of all north-
ern men in that country should be confiscated
and passed over to the confederacy, and all
debts that were owing from their people to
northern men were to be confiscated and col-
lected for the use of the confederacy ; and that
was about the first duty that this judge had to
perform. Instead of enforcing a contract in
favor of the man to whom the obligation was
due, he sat there with an iron and rebel hand
to compel the execution of it to a confederacy
warring against his own Government. He,
with his eyes open, took this responsibility
upon himself. If this Judiciary Committee
had gone down there with a lawful calling,
acting in subordination to the laws of the Gov-
ernment under which they lived,_tliey would
have made themselves liable to this confeder-
ate government; it might be that in defending
the flag of their country they would have com-
mitted treason to this confederacy and thereby
forfeited their lives; and this judge upon the
bench, if he were true to his rebel oath, wouid
have been compelled to enforce those laws
against them, even to the taking of their lives,
because they were true to their own Govern-
ment.
This man voluntarily placed himself in a
position jvhere to 1 e true to his own Govern-
ment he must be false to that confederacy
which he had sworn allegiance to. He volun-
tarily placed himself in a condition where no
honest man could act. I do not care what you
say of his motives. If he acted up to the laws
of that confederate government, at war with
ours, he was at war with our Government and
compelled to disregard all its laws and to en-
force those rebel laws whose object was to put
down the loyal Government. If he was true to
our laws he was false to that oath that be had
taken. He could not serve God.and Mammon,
and he knew it when ho took the confederate
oath. No man can act as a judge under a rebel
government and swear allegiance to it without
committing an aet of hostility and treason
against his own Government. If he acted in
subordination to their laws he was false to
ours. If he was true to ours he was false to
that to which he had sworn allegiance.
Sir, to pronounce a high eulogy upon a man
who is a judge, a man of good capacity, a gen-
tleman of character and learning, who volun-
tarily places himself in this position, and to
say that he did so for the good of somebody,
is a strange idea of a man's duty, I think. He
places himself where he has to betray one side
or the other. If he is true to the confederacy
he is a traitor to our Government. If he is
true to our Government ho is false to that
to which he has voluntarily sworn. You pro-
nounce a eulogy over him for putting himself
in this predicament, and say he did so because
his object was to do good to the loyal men
down there! In Heaven's name, what good
could he do that would be for their benefit as
a judge? For every loyal act that they per-
formed there was a penalty that he would be
bound to enforce in his court. How eould he
protect them? If he did protect them, he was
a false judge; and when he took an oath to
support their government, he was a false judge
to do so to shield anybody.
Sir, I do not wish to judge him harshly, but
ne placed himself in that predicament; and
when a man places himself in hostility to his
Government and deliberately takes an oath to
a government hostile to his allegiance, I think
lie is very well dealt by if you leave him in a
private station. Let him be honored there, if
you please; but for Heaven's sake do not pro-
nounce any of your judicial eulogies upon him
because he has got into that predicament, and
say that he is entitled to a seat in the Senate
of the United States, and that right over the
law that you yourselves have passed, and that
stands like a lion in your path. Sir, law-mak-
ers should not bo law-breakers. Can you per-
mit him, with that law standing in full force, to
come in and swear? You cannot repeal that
law. The Senate cannot repeal it. There it
stands. How can a man of moral rectitude
say that he will permit anybody to come and
trample that law under foot before his eyes?
How are you going to get him in here? You
will endeavor to repeal that law of course.
Everybody saw that it was necessary in order
to clear his path into this Senate that you
should overcome that law. It could not be
done in any other way. Failing in that, you
now propose to let him in, law or no law. The
law stands in full force, and yet the resolution
is that he is entitled to take a seat here, not-
withstanding the law to the contrary that you
cannot repeal. Sir, there never was a propo-
sition on earth more plain and palpable than
that this man cannot come in here and take
the oalli without trampling the law under foot,
with the approbation and consent of the Sen-
ate of the United States. I do not see how
anybody can suppose that it can be done.
Mr. SPitA-GUE. Did he take the pay?
Mr. WADE. I do not know whether he took
the pay or not. It is immaterial whether he
did or not. I have no doubt he did take rebel
pay. He was entitled to it, for he was a judge
on the bench sworn to maintain that govern-
ment, sworn to defend its laws, sworn to enforce
them against all loyal men. If loyal men did
their duty, and he was a true judge to the con-
federacy, he would have to hang them. If they
committed treason, and it would have been
treason under their law for a man to do any-
thing to levy war against that confederacy, he
would be bound to hang them. _
Mr. HOWE. He had not jurisdiction ot
such crimes as treason against the confederacy,
Mr. WADS. Well, other crimes ; I do not
care what you call them; assault and battery.
If you had gone down there and violated any
law of the confederacy in any way, he would
have enforced the penalty against you, although
