3284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
collection districts, respectively, "within tendaysafter
the time of hearing appeals concerning taxes returned
in the annual list, and from time to time thereafter
£ts required, & certified copy of sucli list or lists for
their propercollcction districts. And in case itshall
be ascertained that the annual list or any other list,
■which may have been, or which shall hereafter be,
delivered to any collector, is imperfect or incomplete
in consequence of the omission of the names of any
persons or parlies liable to tax or duty, or in conse-
quenceof any omission,or understatement,or under-
valuation, or false or fraudulent statement contained
in any return or returns made by any persons or par-
ties liable to tax or duty , the said assessor may, from
time to time, or at any time within ono year from the
time of the passagoof this act or from thetimeof the
delivery of the list to the collector as aforesaid, enter
on any monthly or special list the names of such per-
sons or parties so omitted, together with the amount
of tax for which they may have been or shall become
liable, and also the names of the persons or parties
in respcct to whose returns, as aforesaid, there has
been orshallbe any omission, undervaluation, under-
statement, or false or fraudulent statement, together
with the amounts for which such persons'or parties
may be liable over and above the amount for which
they may have been, or shall be, assessed upon any
return or returns made as aforesaid, and shall certify
or return saidlistto the collector as required by law.
And all or any proceedings authorized by law for tho
ascertainment of liability to any tax or duty, or the
assessment or collection thereof, shall be held to ap-
Sly, as far as may be necessary, to the proceeding
erein authorized and directed.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend in line two hundred and thirteen by
striking out "said" before "assessor," and
in line two hundred and fourteen by striking
out "respectively."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to strike out,
in line two hundred and sixteen, the words
"duties or" before "taxes; " and in line two
hundred and twenty-three, line two hundred
and forty-eight, and line two hundred and fifty-
two, to strike out the words "or duty" after
"tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to strike out in line
two hundred and fifty-three, after the word
"within," the words "one year" and to insert
"two years."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to strike out after
the word "all," in line two hundred and sixty-
six, the words "or any proceedings author-
ized by," and to insert "provisions of;" and
in line two hundred and sixty-eight to strike
out after '' tax '' the words "or duty ;" so as
to read:
And all provisions of law^for tho ascertainment of
liability to any tax, or the* assessment or collection
thereof, shall bo held to apply, as far as may be ne-
cessary, to the proceedings herein authorized and
directed.
Mr. jFESSENDEN. I have an amendment
to propose to a part of the bill which has been
passed over on page 11. It is to insert be-
tween lines twenty-five and twenty-six of the
ninth section this clause:
That section eight bo amended by striking out of
said section all after the words "until an appoint-
ment filling the vacancy shall be made."
The words that I propose to strike out of the
law are the form of the oath to be taken by
assessors and assistant assessors. The general
act of July 2, 1802, provides for the same oath
substantially and more too. The result is that
the Commissioner is obliged to send to each
officer two oaths, and he must take two, one
under the act which we propose to amend, and
one under the general act of July 2. 1862, which
covers the same ground precisely and is even
more stringent. I propose to amend by strik-
ing out the oath required by the internal reve-
nue act, leaving all these officers to stand under
the general law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire now to propose
another amendment to carry out that idea, to
come in where the reading last stopped, on
page 21, after line two hundred and seventy of
section nine of this bill:
That section twenty-one be amended by striking
out the words "without having taken the oath or
affirmation required by this act" and inserting in lieu
thereof "without having taken tho oath or affirma-
tion required by law."
The amendment was agreed to. '
The Secretary read the next clause, as fol-
lows:
That section twenty-two be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that there shall be allowed
and paid to the several assessors asalary of $1,500 per
annum, payable quarterly; and, in addition thereto,
where the receipts of the collection district shall ex-
ceed the sum of $100,000, and shall not exceed the
sum of $400,000 annually, one half of one per cent,
upon the excess of receipts over $100,000. Where the
receipts of a collection district shall exceed $400,000,
and shall not exceed $000,000, one fifth of one per cent,
upon the excess of receipts over $400,001). Where the
receipts shall exceed $600,000, one tenth of one per
cent, upon such excess: but the salary of no assessor
shall in any case exceed tho sum of $4,000. And tho
several assessors shall be allowed and paid tho sums
actually and necessarily expended, with the approval
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, for office
rent; but no account for such rent shall be allowed
or paid until it shall have been verified in such man-
ner as the Commissioner shall require, and shall have
been audited and approved by the proper officer of
the Treasury Department. And the several assessors
shall be paid, after the account thereof shall have
been rendered to and approved by the proper offi-
cers of the Treasury, their necessary and reasonable
charges for clerk hire; but no such account shall be
approved unless it shall state the name or names of
the clerk or clerks omploycd and the precise periods
of time for which they were respectively employed,
and the rate of compensation agreed upon, and shall
be accompanied by an affidavit of the assessor stating
that such service was actually required by tho neces-
sities of his office, and was actually rendered, and
also by the affidavit of each clerk, stating that ho has
rendered the service charged in such account on his
behalf, the compensation agreed upon, and that he
has not paid, deposited, or assigned, or contracted to
pay, deposit, or assign, any part ol such compensa-
tion to the use of any other person, or in any way,
directly or indirectly, paid or given, or contracted to
payor give, any reward or compensation for his officc
or employment, or the emoluments thereof; and the
chicf clerk of any such assessor is hereby authorized
to administer, in the absence of the assessor, such
oaths 01- affirmations as are required by this act. And
there shall be allowed and paid to each assistant as-
sessor four dollars for every day actually employed
in collecting lists and making valuations, the num-
ber of days necessary lor that purpose to be certi-
fied by the assessor, and three dollars for every
hundred persons assesssed contained in the tax list,
as completed and delivered by him to the assessor,
and twenty-iive cents l'or each permit granted to any
tobacco, snuff, oreigarmanufacturer; and theseveral
assistant assessois shall be allowed, in the settlement
of their accounts, such sum as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall approve, not exceeding $300
per annum, for office rent; but no account for sueh
rent shall be allowed or paid until it shall have been
verified in such manner as the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue shall require, and shall have been
audited and approved by the proper officer of the
Treasury Department; and other assistant assessors,
when employed outside of the town in which they
reside, in addition to tho compensation now allowed
by law. shall, during such time so employed, receive
onedollar per day; and thesaid assessors and assist-
ant assessors, respectively, shall be paid, after the
account thereof shall have been rendered to and ap-
proved by tho proper officers of the Treasury, their
necehsaiy and reasonable charges for stationery and
blank books used m the discharge ot' the duties, and
for postage actually paid on letters and documents
received and sent, and relating exclusively to official
business, and for money actually paid for publishing
notices required bv this act: Provided, That no sueh
account shall be approved unless it shall state tho date
and the particular item of every such expenditure,
and shall beveiificd by tho oath or affirmation of such
assessor or assistant assessor; and the compensation
herein specified shall be in full for all expenses not
otherwise particularly authorized: Provided further,
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may,
under such regulations as may be established by tho
Secretary of the Treasury, after duo public notice,
receive bids and contracts for supplying stationery,
blank books, and blanks to tho assessors, assistant
assessors, and collectors in the several collection dis-
•tricts: provided farther, That the Secretary of tho
Treasury shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to fix
such additional rates of compensation to be made to
assessors and assistant assessors in cases where a
collection district embraces moro than a single con-
gressional district, and to assessors and assistant as-
scsbors, revenue agents, and inspectors in Louisiana,
Georgia, South Carolina, Alabama, Ploiida, Texas,
Arkansas, North Carolina, Mississippi, Tennessee,
California, Nevada, and Oregon, and the Territories,
as may appear tolnm to bo just and equitable in con-
sequence ot tho greater cost of living and traveling
in those States ami Territories, and as may. in his
judgment, be necessary tosecure theservices of com-
petent officers; but the rates of compensation thus
allowed shall not exccedtho sum of $5,000per annum.
Collectors of internal revenue acting as disbursing
officers shall be allowed all bills of assistant assessors
heretofore paid by them in pursuance of the direc-
tions of the Commissioner oflnternal Revenue, not-
withstanding the assistant assessor did not certify
to hours therein, or that two dollars per diem was
deducted from his salary or compensation before
computation of the tax thereon.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by striking out in lines three
hundred and twenty-one and three hundred
and twenty-two the words "and twenty-five
cents for each permit granted to any tobacco,
snuff, or cigar manufacturer."
Mr. HOWE. Before the amendment is acted
on, I wish to ask the chairman of the commit-
tee whether these words, in the two hundred
and eighty-ninth line, " with the approval of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue," are
thought to be necessary. Are they not a little
inconsistent with other provisions?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. That is the
law as it stands, I think. Those allowances
must be approved by the Commissioner, and
they must go through the auditing officers as
now provided.
Mr. HOWE. I thought similar words were
left out of the last act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You refer to matters
of clerk hire, I think, not office rent.
Mr. HOWE. My recollection was that we
did leave those words out to prevent the offi-
cers from making allowances either for clcrk
hire or for office rent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It did not apply to
officc rent. I think we ought to make further
provision for office rent, and the committee
are now considering that point. Some of the
officers have to keep their offices in their houses.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator does not under-
stand my objection. It i^jnot an objection to
allowing office rent, but 1 wish to leave the
officer to secure the rent of his office as he does
his clerk hire, employing only so much office
room as is necessary, just as he is allowed to
employ so much clerical labor as is necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The matter of office
rent did not come into the amendment of the
previous law to which the Senator refers.
Mr. HOWE. This is not the time for me
to offer an amendment on the subject.
The amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the two hundred
and ninety-third line the word "officer" should
be "officers," so as to read, "audited and
approved by the proper officers of the Treasury
Department."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made-
Mr. CONNESS. It seems to me that this
is continuing one of the greatest difficulties that
our revenue officers labor under on the Pacific
coast. They have, to secure the approval of
their vouchers first by the Commissioner and
then by the proper officers of the Department,
which consumes many months of time, and
they are not allowed, in the mean time, to
make payment, so that they have got to make
the payment out of their own pockets before
they can obtain the vouchers and send them
here for approval. Then many months tran-
spire before they can get this approval. It has
been one of the practical difficulties that these
officers have been subjected to, which have
impoverished them very much and hindered the
operation of the law. We have presented many
complaints at different times about it, and I do
not see but that this continues the difficulty in
place of making some provision to relieve it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know of any
way to remedy it. There are complaints on
both sides. My friend from Wisconsin thinks
the law is not stringent enough in regard to it.
Mr. CONNESS. The complaint that I
make, if it can be called a complaint at all,
comes from the inevitable distance, which we
cannot shorten, and the length of time con-
sumed in correspondence.  From Wisconsin
to Washington, as distant as Wisconsin is from
Washington, vouchers may be sent in two or
three days. From California to here they con-
sume a month, and then it takes a month for
an answer, and if there is a misunderstanding
another month is consumed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tho Senator misappre-
hends it. These vouchers are only required
with the statement of accounts. They get
leave from the Commissioner, I suppose, to
pay a certain amount of rent in advance; that
is the way they should do, certifying to hint
what they need; and then when they come to
settle their accounts they must have the proper
