4244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
./ uty 27,
you were in the employment of the United
States, obeying our laws, and performing your
duty as a peaceable and just citizen. That was
the predicament the man occupied ; and then
the Senate of the United States are to disre-
gard the law that they themselves have made
and permit him to come here and swear him-
self into this Senate right over your laws. It
can be done; but, sir, it cannot be done by my
vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Although it is an un-
comfortable hour to speak, [four o'clock a.
m.,] and somewhat hazardous to follow so im-
pressive a discourse as that to which we have
just listened, I shall submit a few observations
in vindication of the vote I shall give upon the
pending proposition. There is an old saying
which comes to us- from high authority, the
very highest authority that we acknowledge,
which declares that "the letter killeth, bat the
spirit maketh alive."
Mr. WADE. Let the letter kill is all I ask.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator from Ohio
is for a "killing" construction, for a construc-
tion of the law which defeats the purpose for
which the law was enacted, for a construction
which every man of sense and understanding
knows in his soul was never the contemplation
of the men who framed the statute; and he says
" let it kill." Well, s>ir, his whole spcech was
of that temper. It was all toned to the obser-
vation which ho has made in response to me.
His agument is false and his position untenable
for the very reason that his construction kilH
and destroys the life of the statute.
Mr. President, we are told that there was
once a law that 110 man should draw blood
within the limits of the palace or within the.
limits of" the court. Blackstone will tell you
that that law was construed not to apply to a
physician who drew blood from a pet-son in
order to save his life, in order to restore linn
to health, in order to preserve his existence.
The statute was made against men of criminal
intention who drew blood in violation of the
laws of the country; and therefore, although
under the strict letter of the law the physician
who came with benevolence in his heart to
rescue a victim from impending death and drew
blood, came within the express letter and lan-
guage of the statute, he was not held to be
included in the enactment.
" Hold office under a government hostile to
the United States." What does that mean
when it comes to be applied to an individual,
as in the present ease, who has exorcised the
duties of a judicial position, or rather continued
the exercise of them after his State had at-
tempted, but attempted in vain, to sever her
bond of connection with the Union? What
does this holding of office under a hostile gov-
ernment mean? It, means that the individual
shall assist that government; that he shall give
it the assistance of his influence, of his power,
of his efforts, and shall exercise authority un-
der it in aid of the hostile purpose. That is
what that statute means; and although men
may be entangled in the meshes of a technical
argument, embarrassed by a strict construc-
tion of the language, instinctively nearly tliQ
whole of usemaueinato ourselves from all these
cobwebs of the brain, from all this folly of con-
struction, when we come practically to act upon
this question. Every one of us instinctively
feels that this man was not a criminal, was not
guilty, was not included within the intention
of the legislative power when it hurled this
statute against our enemies. Every one in-
stinctively feels that it was not intended to
embrace and to crash our friends, and espe-
cially those who in the enemy's country were
true to us, who, under circumstances of ex-
treme difficulty and embarrassment, saw the
road of duty and trod it with faithfulness and
with courage.
'•Holding office under a government hostile
to the United Stales" means holding it with
an allegiance to that government. That is
implied—holding it with the intention to assist
that government in the hostile purpose against
ds, to assist in destroying our jurisdiction and
preventing its restoration within the hostile
region. Why, are gentlemen to shut their eyes
to all the merits of a question of this sort, to
all those considerations which pertain to it,
and, I may add, to settled rules of interpreta-
tion in such cases, and stand, as the Senator
from Ohio stands, upon a "killing" expres-
sion of the law? •
Mr. President, in connection with this point,
which I shall not further elaborate, there is
another which I will mention. The oath act
of July, 1862, has been several times debated
in this Senate. I enjoyed the advantage of
hearing it discussed very thoroughly at the first
session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress. I con-
fess that my mind was never convinced upon
the question of power involved, by which I
mean that I never heard an argument in vindi-
cation of the power of imposing this oath of
1802 upon members of Congfess which satis-
fied and convinced my judgment; but the
nearest approach to it was produced by the
speech of the late Judge Oollamer, delivered
in the debate to which I have alluded. He
was too clear-headed a man to put the argu-
ment upon the ground upon which it has been
ordinarily put. He was not willing to take
upon himself the burden of insisting that we
had the power of adding a qualification of
office for Senators to those enumerated in the
Constitution, which are, age, residence, and so
on. His argument proceeded upon different
premises, and from a different point of view.
It was the only occasion on which I ever list-
ened to that distinguished Senator, when he
cast his whole power into a debate, where my
mind did not follow him all the way to his con-
clusions.
Now, sir, what did he stale? You will find
Ins argument in the Globe. It is preserved to
us; it can be referred to ; and whether wo agree
to it, or dissent from it, wo must say of that as
of all other arguments from him, that it is in-
structive. He said that under the general
power to pass criminal laws, this Government
might provide that men engaged in the rebel-
lion should never hold office under this Gov-
ernment, and might extend that prohibition to
members of Congress; and then it might fur-
ther provide an oath which would ascertain
this guilt and indict that deprivation of office,
or apply the principle of exclusion, as has
been attempted by the existing statute and rule
of the Senate. He did not treat it as a ques-
tion of a specific qualification for office to be
added in enumeration to those mentioned in
the Constitution, but simply as a penal result
flowing from the statute which should declare
the offense and provide the mode by which
guilt should be ascertained. He argued also
that trial by jury was not necessary before ex-
clusion was enforced. But I need not go into
that.
Now, sir, view this oath act of 1862 from the
same point from which it was viewed by the
ablest man who ever opened mouth in its vin-
dication, and what is it? Simply and purely
a criminal statute, and not one of official quali-
fication. It is in this view a criminal statute
and provides a mode by which guilt shall be
ascertained, and ascertained out of the mouth
of the offender himself, lie is to pronounce
his own condemnation. If he do not condemn
himself by declining the oath when he is actu-
ally guilty there is another provision for the
case. He is to be held guilty of perjury, and not
only may he be ignominiously expelled by this
body by its expulsive two-thirds power, but he
may be sent into a criminal court and punished
along with the vilest and most abandoned felons
of the land.
Now, sir, considering this statute as a penal
one, as was the one against drawing blood
within the limits of the palace or court, men-
tioned by Blackstone, how much clearer and
more necessary it becomes that the construc:
tion to be given to it shall be such as I have
contended for; that when the claimant to a
seat is obliged to condemn himself, if within
the law, to cxclude himself from a seat in this
high place of power, and to go forth with the
brand of Cain upon him, that we construe this
statute to apply oijly to men truly and really
guilty and criminal, and withhold its applica-
tion from those who are innocent, from those
who have committed no crime and have in-
tended the commission of no crime, whose
souls are pure and spotless from the offense of
treason; who, instead of assisting our enemies,
have assisted us; who, instead of holding office
under a hostile government in the true mean-
ing and genuine sense of that expression in
this penal law, have held office at the instance
of our friends, for their protection and for the
maintenance of our cause ; and who, because
they have done so, have been persecuted by
our enemies, and have only been enabled to
maintain their rights of person, of property,
of reputation, of social enjoyment, and of all
the comforts of which this life is capable, be-
cause we triumphed in the war and not our
enemies. Had they triumphed, such individual
would have been branded for life; nay, more,
might have lost his dearest rights or sacrificed
life itself.
What I ask, then, is that men shall con-
strue this statute according to the laws of hu-
manity and of sound reason, and according
to accepted principles of interpretation; that
they shall not construe it according to the
rigid, technical, killing letter which has such
charms for the Senator from Ohio, giving to
his voice such emphasis and to his manner
such warmth and earnestness. Perhaps it was
more the Senator's tone than what he said that
induced me to stand up to protest in the name
of logic and of law against this perversion of
logic and of law by which innocence, merit,
patriotism, and patriotic service are to be pun-
ished instead of treason, crime, infamy, and
guilt.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have some difficulty
about this question, and T wish to make one
or two suggestions in regard to it; T shall not
tax the patience of the Senate. It has been
assumed in argument here that there is a law
that disqualifies a man from taking a seat in
the Senate of the United States who has held
an office under the confederate government.
If there is any such law I have never seen it.
There is a law, as I understand, that requires
a man to take a certain oath in order to qualify
himself to become a member of this body. But
if he is prepared and willing to take the oath,
the question arises in my mind as to whether
or not the Senate can question the truthfulness
of that oath. When a person who has creden-
tials appears here, presents those credentials,
and says he is prepared to take the oath which
thelaw requires, can the Senate then determine
that he shall not take the oath upon the as-
sumption that it would be false if taken by the
person applying for the seat ?
It is evident that this case is very important
as a precedent. One of two things must fol-
low: *if a person who comes here as a Sena-
tor from the rebel States is allowed, upon tak-
ing this oath, to take his seat, then, of course,
any man, no matter what may have been his
history or his connection with this rebellion,
if he is willing to take the oath, is entitled, if
otherwise qualified, to take his seat in the Sen-
ate. We must assume that position or we
must assume the other, that whenever a per-
son comes here with his credentials, prepared
to take the oath, the Senate may go back and
investigate his antecedent history and deter-
mine from that history whether he has or has
not been a rebel, and if he has been a rebel,
then, notwithstanding he is willing to take the
oath, the Senate must determine that he shall
not take his seat.
Now, wliieh precedent ought we to establish ?
If there is a law that authorizes the Senate to
say that if a man has been a rebel he shall not
be qualified to lake his seat in this body, then,
of course, that course is to be pursued, and
whenever A. B, or C comes here from, the
southern States as a Senator-elect, his creden-
tials are to bo referred and a committee is to
investigate the question as to whether he has
or has not been a rebel. But if there is no law
