2324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
I ask attention to one fact which I "will state
and which will show the interest which our
people have in this ship-canal. There are five
routes by water and by rail from Chicago to the
sea-board, and yet the demand for transpor-
tation last fall was so great, such vast quanti-
ties of agricultural products were waiting to go
forward, more than all the lines could transport,
that the price of transportation from Chicago
to the sea-board was fixed by the dearest route
of all, and flour or pork or beef could be as
cheaply transported by Fort "Wayne and Pitts-
burg and over the mountains of Pennsylvania,
as by the great water route. The price of our
agricultural staples is almost wholly consumed
in getting to a market. I know that men
answer this appeal by saying, establish manu-
factures among yourselves and consume your
agricultural products at home. This is easy to
say, and I trust may one day be accomplished,
but it is not presently practicable. Our soil,
the cheapest and most productive in the world,
invites to agriculture. We have not the capital
at command to establish manufactures on so
large a scale. "We appeal, therefore, to the
men of New England to aid us in transporting
to them the food which they require, and which
we are anxious to exchange for the products of
their manufactories, and thus confer a real and
lasting benefit upon both sections.
It is a fact that the employment of a farmer
at the West is less remunerative than almost
any other. There is now more real reason for
complaint. I ask gentlemen to consider that,
however carefully and skillfully and honestly
you may arrange the various systems of direct
and indirect taxation, tariffs, and internal rev-
enue laws, the burden of the tax must to a
great extent fall upon the consumer. "We are
consumers of the manufactures of the country.
Our interests are not directly protected in your
tariff' laws, but wc could bear all public bur-
dens easily and cheerfully if it were not for the
difficulty of reaching the markets of the world
with the bulky products of our farms. If this
canal is constructed, by opening a new route
by water to the eastern markets and to the
markets of the world, it will not only reduce the
price of freight by affording now facilities for
transportation, but will create a competition
by which freights on established lines will be
reduced to reasonable limits. When a vessel
of one thousand or twelve hundred tons can be
loaded in Chicago, and can reach the ocean
without breaking bulk, the day of the pros-
Derity of our great agricultural interest will
lave dawned. I believe that very rarely have
we the opportunity offered us to accomplish so
great a good at so small an expense as by the
passage of this bill.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (S. II. No. 80)
extending the time for the completion of the
Union Pacific railway, eastern branch ; and a
bill (S. No. 20:"!) to enable the New York and
Montana Iron Mining and Manufacturing Com-
pany to purchase a certain amount of the pub-
lie lauds not now in market; in both of which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL AGAIN.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I propose
to submit the question to the House whether
they will order the main question to-night and
close this discussion, or let the bill go over
until to-morrow for another hour's discussion.
Mr. DAWES. _ Before the gentleman calls
the previousquestion I desire to offer an amend-
ment to his substitute.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I yield
for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment to the substitute:
In section ten, line seventeen, after theword "Mas-
Sftclius-otis," insert "thualbrt'i'aid subscription books
shall bo kept opon at the places designated under
aibrc^id liotioc lor ux least three days." And insert
alter the word "and," in the nineteenth line, the
E
words ''after the aforesaid three days;" so that the
section will read: „
Sec. 10. And be U farther enacted, That John U.
Bore, of Illinois; Philo Chamberlin, of Ohio; El-
bridge G. Merrick, of Michigan; David Dows, Abra-
ham P. Grant, James D. Cooper, of New York;
James Little, of Massachusetts? and Edward H.
Brodhead, of Wisconsin, shall be commissioners to
open books for subscription to the stock of said cor-
poration, on which shall be paid at the time of sub-
scription ten per cent, thereof, and they shall open
such books on or before the 1st day of August next,
at such places as they may appoint, havmgfirst given
notice of the time and place of meeting for that pur-
pose by publishing the same once at least m each
week for four weeks successively in-a public news-
paper printed and published in the city of New
York; Chicago, in the State of Illinois; Detroit, in
the State of Michigan; Milwaukee, in the State of
Wisconsin; Cleveland, in the State of Ohio; and
Boston, in the State of Massachusetts. The afore-
said subscription books shall be kept open at the
places designated for at least three days. A majority
of said commissioners shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business, and they may adjourn
from time to time, and after the aforesaid three days,
to such places as they may think fit, until the requi-
site number of shares shall be subscribed for; and in
case a surplus of shares shall be subscribed for they
may apportion them among the subscribers in such
manner as they shall think for the interest of the
said corporation.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I accept
that amendment. I have no disposition to
prolong this debate, and unless some gentle-
men desire otherwise, I will now move the
previous question.
Several Members. Close it now.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. For the
purpose of testing the sense of the House, I
demand the previous question.
Mr. "WARD. I ask my colleague to allow
me to offer an amendment.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I willhear
what the amendment is.
Mr. WARD. I desire to move to strike out
the nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty-first sec-
tions. They are the sections which appropri-
ate the money of the Government to defraythe
expenses of this work.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I cannot
yield for that purpose.
Mr. WARD. If that is not done I cannot
vote for the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Cannot a separate vote
be required on the appropriation, under the
rules, on the demand of one fifth of the mem
bers present?
The SPEAKER. That rule applies to cases
where there are various appropriations in the
bill, as was the case with the liver and harbor
bill passed yesterday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does it not apply to
" appropriations of money for works of inter-
nal improvement of any kind or description?"
The SPEAKER. The gentleman refers to
rule 121, which is to be found on page 189 of
Barclay's Digest. The Clerk will read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"121. Upon the engrossment of any bill making ap-
propriations of money for works of internal improve-
ment of any kind or description, it shall be in the
power of any member to call for a division of tbe
question, so as to take a separate vote of the House
upon each item of improvement or appropriation
contained in said bill, or upon such items separately,
and others collectively, as the members making the
call may specify; and if one fifth of the members
present second said call, it shall be the duty of the
Speaker to make such divisions of the question, and
put.them to vote accordingly."
The SPEAKER. That rule has always been
held to refer to cases like the river and harbor
bill which passed yesterday. Where there are
various appropriations in a bill for a variety of
improvements, there can be a separate vote on
each apj>ropriation on the demand of one fifth
of the members present. Rut the Chair rules
that this being an appropriation for a single
object, a separate vote cannot be called for on
the separate sections of the bill.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Mr.
Speaker, I have not taken up much of the
time of the House this session, but having re-
ported this bill, and feeling great interest in it,
I desire to occupy a portion of the time allot-
ted to me by the rules, and then I will yield a
portion of my time to some other gentlemen
who desire to be heard briefly upon the subject.
Mr. Speaker, in presenting this measure to
the House and the country, I do it with the
greatest confidence that the appeal in its behalf
will meet with a warm and generous response.
It is not a new measure, aud perhaps every
member of the House is familiar with its object,
its plans, and details. For very many years it
has attracted more or less attention from the
Government and the people, and been received
with more or less favor. Amid the general
indisposition to do nothing" for public improve-
ments by the party in power for many years
prior to the war, this great project shared
the fate of others of like nature and import-
ance, and was not undertaken. Both branches
of our national Legislature, however, "have
acted upon it in various ways, by favorable
reports, by ordering surveys, and in the last
Congress by passing a bill providing for the
construction of this work. Upon the files of
Congress are petitions, memorials, and resolu-
tions from the people, Boards of Trade, and •
Legislatures urging the construction of the
work this bill proposes to provide for, and
instructing Senators and Representatives to
endeavor to secure it if possible. Full reports
upon the whole question, covering the surveys
and estimates, and showing the great impor-
tance of the works are on file, one of which I
had the honor to present in the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, to all of which I direct the attention
of the House.
This bill provides for the appointment of
proper engineers by the President, who shall
make the necessary surveys and reports, upon
which the route of said canal shall be deter-
mined upon its merits, taking into the account
the twofold purpose of military and commer-
cial advantage. The President is directed to
procure the right of way by negotiation if pos-
sible ; if not, by application to the court for
the appointment of commissioners to appraise
damages, and determine all cases of difference
that may arise.
It further provides that the Government shall
loan $6,000,000 to this company, of twenty-
year bonds, in consideration for which the Uni-
ted States is to have forever the practical own-
ership of the canal for all military and naval
purposes whatever, and ten per cent, of all the
tolls of said canal are to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States on the 1st of
January of each year, to be applied toward
the payment of the mOney so loaned for the
construction of the work.
It is further provided that the United State3
may at any time enter upon and purchase said
canal by paying ten per cent, in addition to its
actual cost. All the necessary provisions and
safeguards for the protection of trade and
commerce against exorbitant tolls and neg-
lect in keeping it up and in perfect repair and
order are inserted, and believed to be ample
and just to all.
The grounds of the opposition made to this
bill by my colleague [Mr. J. M. Humphrey]
are not new by any means. While he argues
that it is inexpedient and unjust to open up thia
communication, for the reason that it might
interfere somewhat with the rights and interests
of New York, he takes the old ground that the
General Government has no right to take such,
care upon its hands and aid in the construc-
tion of such works.
Sir, this policy has vetoed all the great
measures of improvement and internal devel-
opment that have been pressed and desired in
the past, and put a check upon the enterprise
and industry of our people. The country
owes to the great national party of the present
and the past few years a debt of gratitude it
can never pay for arresting this narrow-minded
and weak policy of opposition to public im-
provement and fostering of great national
enterprises like this, and introducing our peo-
ple to a broader, more comprehensive, and
eminently national system of aiding such en-
terprises, as a means of developing national
life and national prosperity and wealth. As
