1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the bill open to amend-
ments still?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is open
to amendment now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the vote is taken
on the engrossment it will not be.
_ The. PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is, Shall the bill be ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading? It is open to
amendment until it shall be ordered to be
engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President  
Mr. RAMSEY. Just let the vote be taken.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have a vote fair and
square.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the question of engrossment.
Several Senators. Oil, no; on the passage.
Mr. SUMNER. I want the yeas and nays
to be taken on one of the stages.
Mr. GRIMES. On the passage.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I think it better to call
them on this vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I ask for the
yeas and nays on this vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. W1LLEY, (when his name was called.)
The Senator from Delaware [Air. Saulsbury]
having occasion to leave the Senate, I have
paired off with him. If he had been here he
would vote "nay," and I should vote "yea."
Mr. HENDERSON, (who had voted in the
affirmative.) Before the vote is announced I
desire to state that I agreed with the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] to pair off with
him on this subject, and I voted without think-
ing of it at the time. I ask unanimous conscnt
that I may withdraw my vote. I do not wish
to violate the understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri asks unanimous consent to
have his vote withdrawn under the circum-
stances stated. Is it the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to grant that permission? It can only be
done by unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection.
The result was announced—yeas 14, nays
21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler. Cra-rin. Kiri; wood, Lnno
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDuusall, Ne-mitb,
is orton, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, >: r-\v;irt,Truni-
but!, and Williams—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conness, Creswell. T)a-
vi1', Doohttie, iV^endi-n, Foster, Urimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Hendricks, Morgan, Mornll, Poland, Pviddle,
Spracjue, Stockton, Sunnier,Van Winkle, Wade, and
Wilson—
.A 15SENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark,Cowan,
Dixon, "Foot, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Johnson,
Nye, Smikbnry, Willey, Wright, and Yates—15.
So the bill was rejected.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiEP.-soXjits Clerk, announced
that the blouse of Representatives had passed
the following bills of the Senate, with amend-
ments to each, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 54') to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate a national military and
naval asylum for the relief of the totally disabled
officers and men of the volunteer forces of the
United States;" and
A bill (S. No. Gl) to protect all persons in
their civil rights and furnish the means of their
vindication.
CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the bill
(S. No. Gl) to protect all persons in their civil
rights and furnish the means of their vindica-
tion, just returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives with amendments, be printed with
the amendments, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
house bill referred.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(H. R. No. (12) directing a district oourt to be
held at the city of Eric, m the Stan- of Penn-
sylvania. was read twice by its title, and referred
to tho Committee on the Judiciary.
a;
1365
military establishment.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
take up the Army bill, (S. No. 138.)
Mr. RAMSEY". I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to take up Senate bill No. 138, to
increase and fix (he military peace establish-
ment of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN the Senate
adjourned. v
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 13, 180G.
Tho House met at twelve o'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bgyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
appointment op committee.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the following as tin; select committee !
ordered yesterday on the civil service of tho '
United States: Messrs. Tiiomar A. jexckes,of
Rhode Island; SamuelSiiellarahcer, of Ohio;
/John Hogax, of Missouri; Jehu Baker, of
Illinois; Leonard Myers, of Pennsylvania;
Samuel McKee, of Kentucky, and James M.
Humphrey, of New York.
vacancy on a committee.
The SPEAKER also announced that he had
appointed Mr. Benjamin E. Harris, of Mary-
land, to fill a vacancy on the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
retention of illinois volunteers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War transmuting, in compliance
with resolution of the House of the S>th instant,
a repoitot'tlie Adjutant General respecting the
retention in the service of Illinois volunteers;
which was laid upon the table and ordered to
be printed.
commutation of draft.
Mr. COI'TEOTII, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
I'renhrd, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be and are heieby imtrneted to inquire into the ex-
pedient of reportinsc, by lull or otherwise, lor the
relief of such persons as were drafted and paid the
commutation money oi put m substitutes, and who
were subsei;neatly dialled a seeoud tune, paid com-
mutation money, put ma substitute, or went into the
service.
duty on savings basks deposits.
Mr. PHELPS, bv unanimous consent, sub-
muted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llcinh-.r-d. That the Committee of Ways and Means
be mstiueted to inrjuire into the expcdiencv ot so
amending the internal ie\emie l.tw a« to remit the
monthly duty upon the avetaje deposits ot savings
banks, and to report by bill or otherwise.
military an!) nayat, asylum.
Mr. SCETENCK. It will be some time yet
before the Committee on Military Affairs can
possibly be called, and I therefore ask the
House to consider, this morning, bill of the
Senate No. 5-1, to amend an act entitled "An
act to incorporate a national miiilaiy and naval
asylum for the relief of the totally disabled
officers and men of the volunteer forces of the
United States."
I will state, in making this request, that there
is a very considerable amount of properly in i
the shape of donations lo the Government for ;
the use of disabled soldiers, those who have )
been wounded in the service, awaiting the pas-
sage of this bill. The Senate has already
passed the bill. It has been before the Mili-
tary Committee of the House, and they have
prepared a substitute with very great care,
making some amendments. That substitute
was reported and recommitted some time since,
and has been printed. I ask the consent of
the House to report back the bill with the sub-
stitute now.
No objection was made, and the report was
received.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask that the substitute be
read for information.
Mr. SCHENCK, With the permission of
the House, before the substitute is read, I think
I can, by a little explanation, make this matter
comprehensible to the members of this House.
I he bill that passed the last Congress pro-
vided for one hundred corporators, including
Governor Andrew of Massachusetts, General
U. S. Grant of the Army, General W. T. Sher-
man of the Army, and others, scattered from
the extreme north to the extreme south of the
country. The consequence of that was that
two or three ineffectual attempts were mado
to get a meeting of the corporators. 1 believe
on one occasion eleven corporators were got
together here in Washington ; on another occa-
sion thirteen, and there never was an organi-
zation in consequence of the inability to get
together a sufficient number of corporators
for that, purpose.
In this state of facts the matter came up in
the Senate, and they passed a bill to remedy
the difficulty; but unfortunately they again
adopted the system of one hundred corpora-
tors, varying the names somewhat, but still
preserving that feature. The Senate bill came
to this House, and was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. And the only ma-
terial change recommended by the committee,
as set forth in. the substitute, is to provide for
twelve managers at once, of whom the Presi-
dent of the United States, the Secretary of
War, and the Chief Justice of the Supremo
Court of the United Slates shall be three, and
nine others lo be selected by Congress to serve
six years, three of them to be elected every
two years.
Mr. BROOKS. ^ Elected how?
Mr. SCllENCK. By joint resolution of
Congress ; assimilating the organization some-
what to tho organization of the Smithsonian
Institute. If this plan be adopted, we can set
the corporation at work immediately, as soon
as the Senate and House shall agree upon the
nine managers who arc to serve with the three
who are to be managers ex officio, and they can
take charge of the asylum and all the property
boston ed upon it. Tho bill contains no appro-
priation. The nine managers are to be selected
by Congress, t hree every two years, to serve six
years, and with the President of tho United
States, the Secretary of War, and the Chief
JusticQ of the Supreme Court of tho United
States, they will constitute a board'of mana-
gers, and this corporation will be enabled to
go on without the intervention of one hundred
corporators, who arc placed nominally in the
bill, bul who, as lias been found by experience,
can never be got together for tho purpose of
organization.
The substitute was then read at length. The
first section provides that the President of tho
United States. Secretary of War, Chief Justice
of the United States, and such other persons
as from time lo time may be associated with
them, according to tho provisions of this act,
are constituted and established a board of man-
agers of an establishment for the care and
relief of the disabled volunteers of the United
States Army, to be known by the name and
style of "The National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers," and have perpetual suc-
cession, with powers to take, hold, and convey
real and personal property, establish a common
seal, and to sue and be sued in courts of law
and equity; to make by-laws, rules, and regu-
lations for carrying on the business and govern-
ment of the asylum, and affix penalties thereto;
provided that ouch by-laws, rules, and regu-
lations are not inconsistent with the laws of the
United States. .
Section two provides that the business ot said
asylum shall he managed by a board of twelve
managers, who shall elect from their own num-
ber a president, who shall be the chief execu-
tive officer of the board, two vice presidents,
