1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3285
vouchers. It is the same difficulty that exists
in regard to the settlement of all accounts at
the Treasury Department. It takes a good
while to send them here, and then they must
go through the regular form. It is an incon-
venience that cannot be remedied.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware that this has
been a very special inconvenience, and I think
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is quite
aware of it. Whether this continues it or cures
it I do not know and eaunot say.
The Secretary read the next amendment of
the Committee on Finance, which was in liue
three hundred and twenty-eight to strike out
"shall" and insert "may.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move, in line three
hundred and twenty-three, before "assistant,"
to strike out "the severalso as to let the
provision read:
And assistant assessors shall he allowed, in the
settlement of their aeeonnts, sneli -inn as the Com-
missioner of Internal ltevenue shall approve, not
exceeding §t>00 per annum, lor ottiee rent, iVe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GIUMES. I desire to inquire whether
that is not a new provision. Have we been in
the habit of allowing assistant assessors §i>00
for ofhee rent?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is " not exceeding
$300."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is not this for the dis-
trict assessor?
Mr. GIUMES. No; for the assistant as-
sessor, the county assessor. We have hereto-
fore allowed the assessor for the congressional
district odiee rent, but it is now proposed to
allow oflico rent to each one of the assistant
assessors.
Mr. CONNESS. Must they not have an
office ?
Mr. C! RIMES. They may in California,
where (hey collect so much money, as 1 under-
stand they do.
Mr. COXXESS. More than in Iowa.
Mr. (UUMES. But there is no necessity
for any such oflicc in the State which I have
the honor to represent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a necessity
for it, in large cities, and that is the reason the
pro\ ision is put in.
Mr. GIUMES. Then why is it inserted in
the way it is if it is to apply simply to those
cases? 1 have no motion to make. If the
Committee on Finance proposed to permit, the
Commissioner of internal Revenue to allow
office rent, in certain places where there is a
large population it might be very well ; but as
it stands here, every deputy assessor will claim
.this allowance1 of $•!<)<).
Mr. FESSKNDKN. It is absolutely neces-
sary that, Mich an allowance should be made in
many eases. Yon cannot make distinctions in
the law and say where it, shall be allowed and
where not. That must be left to the discretion
of the Commissioner. There is no other way
to settle it. There are eases where the allow-
ance ought to be made. I have one in my mind
where the assistant assessor came before the
committee and represented his case. He keeps
his office in his house, and it occupies a large
portion of his house. He is a man of intelli-
gence and a very excellent officer, and ho told
the committee—and I have no doubt he told
the truth—that the result was what I shall
state. He told us how much rent he gave for
his house.
Mr. GIUMES. Where is his office?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In Baltimore. He can-
not afford to keep a servant, and his wife has
to do the whole work of the house. Ho was
allowed nothing for the partof the house which
he used as an ofHee, and for the whole of which
he paid rent, and at the end of the year, living
very economically, his wife doing the entire
work ofthe family, he brought himselfabout one
hundred or two hundred dollars in debt. Cer-
tainly, if a man hires a house and lives in it, and
gives up part of it to the use of the Government
as an office day and evening—for the assistant
assessor is at work day and evening—he ought
to be allowed something by way of office rent.
He is obliged to keep an office. I do not know
how we can provide a system by which we can
tell exactly where such an allowance will be
necessary. Each case must be left to the discre-
tion of the officer at the head of the bureau, or
somebody else. There must be discretion left
somewhere.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the chairman if
he cannot limit it to cities. This provision
would impose a very disagreeable duty on the
Commissioner, and unless he is a very firm
man he would fall before it. Applications will
comc up from every county asking this allow-
ance. Why not limit it, to cities of a certain
population?
Mr. WILLIAMS. According to the infor-
mation which 1 have, these assistant assessors
are very poorly compensated for their services,
even if this $300 should be allowed. I have
in my ha ml two letters that 1 received this
morning from assistant assessors, complaining
that their salaries are wholly inadequate. 1
know that assistant assessors generally through-
out the country consider that their compensa-
tion is not so much as it ought to be, and there
is a general complaint from these officers on
that subject, and if the Commissioner should
happen to allow $:>00 to every assistant as-
sessor, I am satisfied that tliey would not re-
ceive more than they ought to have for their
services.
Mr. KIEKWOOD. T am very strongly im-
pressed with the idea that, we ought to pay the
assistant assessors more liberally than we do.
Really the working of our whole revenue sys-
tem depends on thorn, and I think we should
do belter to pay them more liberally. 1 was
in hopes that tho committee would have re-
ported a regular salary instead of a per diem
for them; and when tiie proper time comes I
may move to amend the bill in that particular.
The business of an assistant assessor, if prop-
erly performed, prevents the performance of
any other business. A man cannot carry oil
any other business at the same time that lie is
doing the, business of an assistant assessor, if
he attends to his public duties properly. Even
in the State that I represent it breaks up any
other business. We must, either by indirec-
tion in this way, or directly by giving a salary,
I think, secure them some leasonable compen-
sation, if we want, our work well done.
Mr. CONNESS. A suggestion which I made
a short time since was replied to by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. CiiiMns,] who said that
perhaps office rent for deputy assessors was
necessary in California where they collect so
much money. The peculiar kind of logic that
radiates from that Senator at times is hardly
intended to meet the case, but intended to
silence whoever makes suggestions. 1 doubt
very much whether it either meets the case or
has the other effect in this instance. I know
of a great many instances where deputy assess-
ors may not, require, office rent, and 1 am en-
tirely willing to trust the Department to make
the application of the law in those eases; but
I also know a great many cases where an office,
and rent to pay for it, must, bo given and used
by them. You must either give them a suffi-
cient per diem to enable them to pay the rent
themselves, or else pay the tent foi them under
the present per diein that is allowed. I am
very glad to say that theie is a very large in-
ternal revenue collected in the State that I in
patt represent here, and I am very glad of it.
I think the law is being pretty well adminis-
tered there, and 1 am exceedingly anxious to
do anything that will secure its being adminis-
tered still better there and increase the public
revenue. I cannot conceive any better way to
incrca.se the public revenue than to satisfy,
properly of course, the deputy assessors. The
whole revenue depends on the faithfulness with
which they do their work. It is by their effort
that we get money.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out "other" before " assistant assess-
ors," in line three hundred and thirty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move, on consulta-
tion, in line three hundred and twenty-three, to
strike out the word "shall" and to insert
" may;" so as to read:
Assistant assessors may bo allowed, in the settle-
ment of their accounts, such sum as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Kevenno shall approve, not, ex-
ceeding $o()0 per annum, l'or ollieo rent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert the word "make" before the words
" contracts for supplying stationery," in line
three hundred and fifty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed, in line three hun-
dred and sixty-six, to strike out " rates of"
before " compensation," and in line three hun-
dred and sixty-seven to strike out "sum" and
insert "rate," so as to read, "but the com-
pensation thus allowed shall not exceed the
rate of $5,000 per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of the
ninth section, as follows:
That section twenty-four bo amended by striking
out the proviso thereto: Provided flit the), That in
calculating the commissions ol assessors and collect-
ors of internal revenue in districts whence cotton
or distilled spirits arc shipped in bond to bo sold in
another dintiict, one half the amount of tax received
on the quantity of cotton or spirits so shipped, shall
be added to the amount on which the commissions
of such assessor.-, and collectors are calculated; and
a eorrespomlinfr amount, shall bo deducted from tile
amount on which the commissions of the assessors
ami collectors ol tho districts to which such cotton
or .-pints are shipped are calculated.
The committee proposed to amend this clause,
in line three hundred and seventy-six, after
"thereto," by inserting the words "and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following," and ill
line three hundred and seventy-seven, after the
word " provided," by striking out "further;"
so as to read:
That section twenty-four be amended by striking
out the proviso t hereto, and inserting ill lieu thereof
the following: Provided, That, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of the
bill, as follows:
That section twentv-six be amended by striliinf:
out at! after the enact in i; clause and in-ertinK ill lieu
thereof the followiiiK. that in the adjustment of the
accounts of tho a^essois and collectors ol internal
revenue ivhif h >h.ill accrue after thcoOth ot June,
18(11, and in the pavmentof their compensation for
seiviees after that date, the fiscal year of the Treas-
ury sliait boobserved; and whole such compensation,
or any part of it, shall be by < onnnissions upon as-
sessments or collections, and shall during any year,
in consequence ol-a new appointment,beduetomoro
1 ban one a.-.-essor or collector in the same distiiet,
such commissions shall ho apportioned between such
assessors or collector-*; hut in no ease shall a frrcater
amount of the commissions be allowed to two or more
assessors or collectors in the same di-ttict than is or
may be authorized by law to be allowed to one assessor
or collector. And the sa.ljiry and commissions of as~
><--ssor^ and collectors heretofore earned and accrued
shall he ndiusted, nllowed, and paid in coniorniity to
the provisions ol this section, and not otherwise; but
no payment shall be made lo avc^ois or collectors
on acount of sabuies or commie-ions -without tho
eertilicate of tlie Commissioner ol Intel nal Revenue,
that ail repmts required bv law or regulation have
btM'u m-civcd, or that a nal factory ox piano! ion h:H
been rendeied to him of the cause ot the delay.
No amendment was reported to this clause
by 1 lie Committoe on Finance.
The Soe^ctary read the next clause, as follows:
That section twenty-eight be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and insertingm lieu
thereof the following: that each of said collectors
shall, within twenty days after receiving his annual
collection list from the assessors, give notice,, by ad-
vertisement published in each county in hiscolicpmm
di>trict,in the news paper oHargest circulation printed
in .such county, if there be an}', and if not, then m
the newspaper of largest circulation m the nearest,
adjoining county, and by notification*3 to bo posted
up m at lea«t tour public place-* in each county m his
collection district, that the said duties have become
due and payable, and state the time and place within
said county at which no or his deputy will attend to
receive the same, which time shall not bo less tnan
ton day-5 after the date of such notification, andslmll
send acopy ofsuch notice by mail tocikJipostmaster
in the county, to be posted up in his othce. And it
any person shall neglectto pay, as aforesaid, ioi more
than ten days, it shall be the duty of the collector or
his deputy to U ue to Mich person a notice, to be left
at his dwelling or u.^ual place of business or be sent
by mail, demanding the payment of said duties or
taxes, stating tho amount thereof, with a fee^ of
twenty cents lor the i^suin? and servieeof such notice,
and with four cents for each mile actually andnoces-
sarily traveled in serving the same. And if such per-
