THE CONGRESSIOHAL GLOBE.
January 18,
- The previous question was secondedf and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof lie amendment submitted by Mr.
Dawes was adopted.
The question then recurring on agreeing to
the resolution as amended, there were, on a
division—ayes 76, noes 30.
-So the resolution as amended was agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. JENCKES, from the select committee
on the bankrupt law, reported back, with amend-
ments, the bill (H. R. No. 7) to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the Uni-
ted States; and moved that the bill with the
amendments be printed and made the special
order for Tuesday, the, 30th instant, after the
morning hour, and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES also, from the same commit-
tee, submitted the following resolution :
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the bill to
establish a-uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States, reported by tho committee on that
subject, be printed for the use of this House.
The SPEAKER. This resolution will be
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
message from the-senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill and a joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act~(S. No. 83) to extend the time for
completing certain land-grant railroads in the
States therein named j and
Joint resolution (S. No. 17) directing the dis-
tribution of the writings of James Madison.
FREEDMEDf'S BUREAU.
Mr. ELIOT. From the select committee on
freedmen I report back, with amendments, the
bill (H. R. No. 87) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a Bureau for the relief of
Freedmen and Refugees."
I move that the bill and amendments be post-
Eoned until Tuesday next after the morning
ourf and made the special order for that day
and until disposed of, and that they be ordered
to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
DAMAGES TN REBEL STATES.
Mr. DELANO,from the Committee of Claims,
submitted a report, which was read, as follows:
The Committee of Claims ask Icavo to make the
following report:
The attention of the House is called to the large
number of claims from citizens of States lately in re-
bellion, growing out of the destruction of, or damage
to, property by the Aimy or Navy while engaged in
suppressing the insurrection.
The committee are impressed with the necessity of
establishing a rule, by the JJousc, which shall guide
them in deliberating upon this class of claims. The
number of cases from this source is so great as to
render it hardly possible for the committee to exam-
ine the particulars of each one with the care and scru-
tiny necessary to prevent fraud and imposition against
the Government, provided there be sufficient grounds
to demand the favorable attention of Congress. The
dimensions and duration of tho war, and the persist-
ence with which the rebellion was maintained, ren-
dered it necessary for the Army of the loyal Govern-
mentto make large destructions of property, and also
to make use of considerable property iri States m re-
bellion for necessary supplies and subsistence. This
destruction and appropriation was a military neces-
sity, imposed upon the Government, in order to put
down rebellion and to save the life of the nation.
The committee are unable to give the House any
definite information as to the quantity or value of the
property thus destroyed or appropriated; but it is
suggested that an attempt to indemnify and compen-
sate this numerous class of claimants will require an
amount of appropriations much greater than the rev-
enues of the nation.at this time can possibly satisfy.
It seems to the committee, therefore, that the Ho.use
should determine, by its action, whether these claims
should be assumed, whereby the national debt must
be increased to an indefinite extent.
The previous aetion of Congress and of the various
committees, who, from time to time, have had this
subject under consideration, does not, in our opinion,
establish such principles nor furnish such precedents
as are accessary for the government of the committee
in making recommendations under the new and im-
Sortanteircumstances now surrounding the question,
heretofore the amount of claims at any time resting
upon the Government for such losses has been limited
so as not to exceed the resources of the Government
under reasonable and permissible taxation, and hence
a disposition has often been exhibited by both Con-
gress and the various Committees of Claims to equal-
ize burdens and losses by paying such demands. But
this disposition has not uniformly existed, and many
instances of the rejection of such claims is found in
the history of the legislation of the Government. The
persistence, however, with which claimants have re-
newed their applications when rejected has frequently
enabled them to finally succeed, and often under cir-
cumstances which render their success of doubtful
propriety. Appeals to our sympathy, humanity, and
benevolencc arc not easily resisted, and it is a credit
to human nature that we are so constituted as to be
accessible to such appeals. It is to be remembered,
however, that such appeals ought not to induce and
cannot authorize us to levy extraordinary taxation
upon our constituents in order to gratify our chari-
table impulses. We are not almoners, merely, for the
nation, and hare no just right to impose increased
taxation in order to gratify our feelings of benevo-
lence, nor to establish principles of abstract justice and
equity when there is no rule or law requiring it, and
particularly when the attempt is to be attended with
great uncertainty and be subjected to innumerable
impositions and frauds.
Neither does the committee find any very well set-
tled principles, in regard to a nation's liability to pay
for this class of losses, laid down by the commentators
on national law. Where the claimants are of un-
doubted loyalty and the damage has resulted from the
appropriation of private property for the use of the
Government, or by way of precaution, in order to repel
the enemy, it is the opinion of Yattel that the damages
should be paid. But for other damages caused by in-
evitable necessity that writer says:
"They are misfortunes which chance deals out to the
proprietors on whom they happen to fall. The sov-
ereign. indeed, ought to show an equitable regard for
the sufferers, if the situation of his affairs will admit it,
but no action lies against the State for misfortunes of
this naturefor losses which sh e has occasioned notwill-
fully but through necessity and by mere accidcnt. The
same may be said of damages caused by the enemy.
All the subjects are exposed to such damages, and woe
to him on whom they fall. The members of a society
may well encounter such risks of property since they
encounter a similar lisk of life itself. Were the State
strictly to indemnify all those whoso property is in-
jured in this manner, the public finances would soon
be exhausted, and every individual in the State would
be obliged to contribute his share in due proportion;
a thing utterly impracticable. Besides, these indemni-
fications would be liable to a thousand abuses, and
there would be no end of tho paiticulars. It is, there-
fore, to be presumed that no such thing was ever in-
tended by those who united to form a society."
These remarks are quoted because of their apparent
applicability to the question presented. It seems to
the committee that the magnitude of the public debt
created to suppress therebellionrendersitimpossible
for the Government to attempt to compensate all those
who have sustained individual losses by the action of
our Army in the field. The attempt would impair the
national credit abroad, destroy confidence in the pub-
lic securities everywhere, impose such additional bur-
dens of taxation as to give cause for discontent and
complaint, and thereby lead to the possible encour-
agement of such evil-minded poisons as may be led
to favor the policy of repudiation.
The committee are therefore of the opinion that, in
view of the magnitude of these losses, as well as the
magnitude of the public debt, and the thousand abuses
necessarily resulting from an attempt to satisty these
claims, in the words of Yattel, "the thing is utterly
impracticable," and ought not to be encouraged.
It may be suggested that a distinction should be
made between losses arising out ot tho destruction of
property incident to the ravages of war and damages
growing out of the appropriation of property for the
uses of the Army. Without controverting the pro-
priety of this distinction, so far as citizens of the loyal
States are concerned, it is suggested that it will be dan-
gerous and inexpedient to apply it to claims coming
from States lately in rebellion. It will bediilicult to de-
termine, with asutti cient degree ot certainty, the ques-
tion of individual loyalty; and if it be established, as
a rule, that property taken from loyal citizcns, in re-
bellious States, for military supplies, shall be paid
ior, it may be conceded that every claimant will find
some proof to present of his devotion and suffering
in tho cause of the Government. The examinations
before a committee are necessarily exparte, consisting
mostly of tho affidavits of persons as to whose char-
acter for truth and honesty little can be known.
The committee calls the attention of the House to
an act of Congress, approved July 4,1864, entitled " An
act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
&e. " which deprived that court of any jurisdiction of
claims against the United States growing out of the
destruction or appropriation of, or damage to, prop-
erty by the Army or Navy engaged in the suppression
of the rebellion. It was scarcely the policy of this law
to transfer the adjudication of this elass of elaims
from the court to Congress, for the second and third
sections of the act provide that the elaims of loyal cit-
izens, in States not in rebellion, for supplies and sub-
sistence actually furnished the Army, and receipted
for, or taken by officers without giving receipts, may be
adjusted and allowed by the Quartermaster and Com-
missary Generals respectively. In thelight of this act,
it seems to have been the policy of the authors that
the claims of loyal citizens in loyal States for supplies
to the Army should be paid, and that the Government
should not be held liable for any such claim coming
from citizens of States in rebellion, nor liable for any
claim, coming from any portion of the country, which
resulted merely from the ravages of war, at least with-
out an act of Congress for tho payment of it.
The committee think that the policy of this act. as
they understand it, should be strictly adhered to. That
the necessities of the nation demand that we attempt
to pay no claim growing out of the destruction of, or
damage to, property by the necessities ot the war; nor
any ejaim for property furnished to, or taken by, mili-
tary officers, except as the same is now provided for by
the act referred to.
The committee therefore recommend the adoption
of the following resolution: #
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered, the Com-
mittee of Claims be instructed to reject all claims, re-
ferred to them for examination, by citizens of any of
the States lately in rebellion, growing out of the de-
struction or appropriation of, or damageto, property,
by the Army orKavy while engaged in suppressing the
rebellion.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
had expired.
Mr. JDELANO moved that the report be
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
registry of vessels.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution j which was read,
considered, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
Whereas many American ship-owners, while bel-
ligerent rights were accorded by foreign nations to
rebel cruisers, in order to protect their vessels from
destruction or capture by our enemies, placed them
under foreign flags, thereby securing all the advan-
tages incident to such protection in competing with
American commerce for the carrying trade of the •
world; having derived all these advantages by aban-
doning the flag of their country during a period of
war, and identifying their interests with the destroy-
ers of its commcrce, they should not be permitted,
after the restoration of peace, to reregister their ves-
sels in American ports, as many have done and are
now doing, in violation or evasion of the spirit of our
navigation laws: Therefore,
Resolved, That all vessels oncc American, whose
national character has been changed, or which have
been placed under a foreign flag or a foreign register,
should be treated as foreign-built vessels, and should
never again be allowed an American register.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, also
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be di-
rected to communicate to this House how many and
what vessels previously under a foreign register have
been allowed to take out American registers sincc the
31st of December, 1884, with the respective dates of
such American registers; and also the authority of
law under which such changes of registry have been
allowed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. GrRlSWOLD. I ask th.e gentleman to
yield to me to submit a resolution which will
give rise to no debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I must dccline to
yield. I see other gentlemen who will ask for
the same thing.
The SPEAKER stated that if objection had
not been made by calling for the regular order
of business he would have laid before the House
a report from the Secretary of the Treasury in
regard to decrease of our mercantile marine,
and suggesting such remedial legislation as he
may deem expedient, in response to a resolu-
tion of the House of February 23, 1865; but as
the House would perhaps desire to have the
paper read, he would withhold it for the pres-
ent.
suffrage in the district of columbia.
The morning hour having expired, the House
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1) extending the right of suffrage in the
District of Columbia; on which Mr. Clarke,
of Kansas, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I _
have no apologies to offer for addressing the
House on this subject. As the only Repre-
sentative upon this floor of* a State whose whole
history has been a continual protest against po-
litical injustice and wrong, it is my duty, as it is
my pleasure, to express by voice and vote my
approval of the principles involved in the bill
now before the House. No attentive listener
to this debate can have failed to perceive the
absolute paucity of reasoning which has thus far
characterized the speeches which have been
made in opposition to this measure. I find it
