1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
and a secretary; and seven of the board, of
whom the president or one of the vice presi-
dents shall be one, shall form a quorum for the
transaction of business at any meeting of the
board.
Section three provides? that the board of
managers shall be composed of the President
and Secretary of War and Chief Justice of the
United Slates, ex officio, during their terms of
office, together with nine other citizens of the
United States, not members of Congress, no
two of whom shall be residents of the same
State, but who shall all be residents of States
which furnished organized bodies of soldiers
to aid in the late war for the suppression of the
rebellion, (no person being ever eligible who
gave aid or countenance to the rebellion.) to
be selected by joint resolution of the Senate
and House of Representatives immediately
after the passage of this act; the term of office
to be for six years, and until others are ap-
pointed ill their places, after the first election,
which shall be of three for six years, throe for
four years, ami three for two years, to be de-
termined by the order in which they shall be
named in the resolution; new elections to be
made by joint resolution of Congress, and
vacancies by death, resignation, or otherwise,
to be filled in like manner; no member of the
board of managers shall receive any compen-
sation as such member; but his traveling and
other actual expenses while upon the business
of the asylum may be paid; but any member
of the board having other duties connected
with the asylum may receive a reasonable com-
pensation therefor, to be determined by the
board.
Section four provides that the board of man-
agers shall have authority to procure for early
use, at. suitable places, sites Cor military asy-
lums for all persons serving in the Army of the
United States at any time in the war of the
rebellion not provided for by existing laws,
who have been or may hereafter be disqualified
for procuring their own maintenance and sup-
port by reason of' wounds received or sickness
contracted while in the line of their duty dur-
ing the present rebellion, and to have the
necessary buildings creeled, having due regard
to the health of location, facility of access,
and capacity to accommodate the persons pro-
vided for in this act.
Section five provides that for the establish-
ment and support of this asylum there shall be
appi'Dpiialed all stoppages or tines adjudged
against such ollicers anil soldiers by sentence
of court-martial or military commission, over
and above tile amounts necessary for the re-
imbursement of the (io\eminent or of individ-
uals ; all t'oifeilures on account, of desertion
from such sen.ee; and all moneys due such
deceased officers and soldiers, which now are
or may l,c unclaimed for three years after the
death of such otlicers and soldiers, to be repaid
upon the demand of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of such deceased officers or sol-
diers; and the said board of managers are
hereby authorized to recede all donations of
money or property made by any person or
persons lor the benefit of the asylum, and to
hold or dispose of the same for its sole and
exclusive use.
Section six provides that the officers of the
asjlum shall consist of a governor, a deputy
governor, a secretary, and a treasurer, and such
other ollicers as the board of managers may
deem necessary, to be appointed from disabled
officers sening as before mentioned, and they
may be appointed and removed from time to
time, as the interests of the institution may
require,, by the board of managers.
Section seven provides that the following per-
sons only shall be entitled to the benefits of the
asylum, and may be admitted thereto, upon the
recommendation of three of the board of man-
agers, namely: all officers and soldiers who
served in the late war for the suppression of
the rebellion, and not provided for by exist-
ing huvs, who have been or maybe disabled by
wounds received or sickness contracted in the
line of their duty; and such of these as have
neither wife, child, nor parent dependent upon
them, on becoming inmates of this asylum, or
receiving relief therefrom, shall assign thereto
their pensions when required by the board of
managers, during the lime they shall remain
therein or receive its benefits.
Section eight provides that the board of man-
agers shall make an annual report of the con-
dition of the asylum to Congress on the first
Monday of every January after the passage of
this act; and it shall be the duty of the said
board to examine and audit the accounts of the
treasurer and visit the asylum quarterly.
Section nine provides that all inmates of the
asylum shall be subject to the Rules and Articles
of War, and be governed thereby in the same
manner as if they were in the Army of the
United States.
Section ten provides that the managers of the
asylum shall have power and authority to aid
persons who are entitled to its benefits by out-
door relief in such manner and to such extent
as they may deem proper, provided such relief
shall not exceed the average cost of maintain-
ing an inmate of the asylum.
Section eleven provides that so much of the
act to which this is an amendment as provides
for the establishment of "a naval in connection
with a military asylum, and so much of said act
as provides that all stoppages or fines adjudged
against naval officers and seamen by sentence
of courts-martial or military commission, all
forfeitures on account of desertions from the
naval service, and all moneys due to deceased
naval officers and seamen which are or may be
unclaimed for three years after the death of
such officers or seamen, shall be appropriated
for the establishment of the asylums contem-
plated and pro\ ided for by this act and the act
of which it is amendatory, be, and the same is
hereby repealed.
Section twelve provides that all the property
of the United States now at Point Lookout, St.
Mary's county, Maryland, shall bcandbecome
the property of the asylum so soon as a title to
the satisfaction of the board of managers shall be
made to the asylum of at least three hundred
acres of'land, including that 011 which said prop-
erty of the United States is now built and main-
tained or held.
Section thirteen provides that Congress may
at any time hereafter alter, amend, or repeal
this act.
Certain verbal amendments were made in the
subst ilute, and the substitute was then agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SCIlliX CK moved to reconsider the vote
by -which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSE SERAFIX KAMTRKZ.
__On motion of Mr. BAKER,_ Senate bill No.
173, to confirm the title of Jos'6 Serafin Rami-
rez to certain lands in New Mexico,was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. WA.S1I B (JUNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
"WITHDRAWAL Off BONDED GOODS.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported back House bill
No. 135, to extend the time for the withdrawal
of goods for consumption from public store or
bonded warehouse, and for other purposes, and
Senate amendments thereto, with a recommen-
dation that the same be concurred in by the
House.
The amendments of the Senate were to strike
out the word "April" in line one, line thirteen,
and line sixteen of section one, and insert the
word " May" in lieu thereof.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour of this day is the call
of committees for reports, beginning with the
Committee on the Judiciary, where the call
last rested.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, reported back from
the Committee on the Judiciary, with amend-
ments, the bill (S. No. 01) entitled "Ail act
to protect all persons in the United States in
their civil rights and furnish the means of their
vindication."
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was read, as follows :
Strike out, in lines six, seven, eight, and nine of
section one, the following words:
Without distinction of color, and there shall bo
no discrimination in civil rights or immunities among
citizens of tlic United States in any State or Territory
of the United States on account of'race, color, or pre-
vious condition of slavery.
So that the section will read as follows:
That all persons born in the United States and
not subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indian3
not taxed, arc hereby declared to be citizens of the
United States; and such citizens of every race and
color, without regard to any previous condition of
slavery or involuntaryservitudc, except a5! a punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall have the same right to make
and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, and give
evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and
convey real and personal pioperty, and to full and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for the se-
curity of person and property as is enjoyed by white
citizens, and shall be subject to like punishment,
pains, and penalties, and to none other, any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to make one
inquiry as to the effect of the recommitment
of the bill on- the amendments adopted when
the bill was pending before the House a few
days since. I desire to know whether those
amendments remain as part of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The amendments which
were adopted .remain of course in the bill.
Those that were pending were recommitted
with the bill for the action of the committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
amendment which has just been read proposes
to strike out the general terms relating to civil
rights. I do not think it materially changes
the bill; but some gentlemen were apprehen-
sive that the words we propose to strike out
might give warrant for a latitudinarian con-
struction not intended.
I demand the previous question on the
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was read, as follows:
^fLcr1tl10 w-orcl '.'"Sht," in the thirteenth line of
i m section, insert the words '"in every State
and Territory ot the United States."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This is rendered
necessary by the adoption of the other amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was read, as follows:
In line seventeen of section three, insert after the
word "thereof," the following: "or for refusing to
do any act upon the ground that it would be ineon*
sistent with this act.
