3286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
sons shall not pay the duties or taxes, and the fee of
twenty cents and mileage as aforesaid, within ten
days after the service or the sending by mail of such
notice, it shall be the duty of the collector or his
deputy to collect the said duties or taxes, and fee of
twenty cents and mileage, with a penalty of ten per
cent, additional upon the amount of duties or taxes.
And with respect to all such duties or taxes as are
not included in the annual lists aforesaid, and all
taxes and duties the collection of which is not other-
wise provided for in this act, it shall be the duty of
each eollcotor, in person or by deputy, to give notice
and demand payment thereof, in the manner last
mentioned, within ten days from and after receiving
the list thereof from the assessor, or within twenty
da^s from and afterthe expiration of thetimewithin
which such duty or tax should have been paid; and if
the annual or other dutiesshall not be paid within ten
days from and after such notice and demand, it shall
be lawful for such collector, or his deputies, to pro-
ceed to collect the said duties or taxes, with ten per
cent, additional thereto, as aforesaid, by distraint
and sale of the goods, chattels, or effects, including
stocks, securities, and evidences of debt, of the per-
aonsdelinquentasaforesaid. And in ease of distraint,
it shall be the duty of the officer charged with the
collection to make, or cause to be made, an account
of the goods or effects distrained, a copy of which,
signed, by the officer making such distraint, shall be
left with the owner or possessor of such goods or
effects, or at his or her dwelling or usual place of
business, with some person of suitable age and dis-
cretion, if any such cau be found, with a note of the
sum demanded, and the time and placc of sale ; and
the saidoliicer shall forthwith cause a notification to
be published in some newspaper within the county
wherein said distraint is made, if there is a news-
paper published in said county, or to be publicly
posted up at the post office, if there be one within fivo
miles, nearest to the residence of the person whose
property shall be distrained, and in not less than two
other public places, which notice shall specify the
articles distrained, and thetimea.ndplaceforthesale
thereof, which time shall not be less than ten nor
more than twenty days from the date of such notifi-
cation to the owner or possessor of the property and
the publication or posting of such notice as herein
provided, and the place proposed for sale not more
than live miles, distant from the place of making such
distraint. And saidsalc may bo adjourned from time
to time by said officer, if he shall think it advisable
to do so, but not tor a tinio to exceed in all thirty
days. And in any case in which any person, bank,
association, company, or corporation, required by
law to make return to the Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue, shall lcfuse or ncglcct to make suchrcturn
within the time specified, the amount of tax or duty
shall be estimated by the proper assessor or assistant
assessor, and shall be certified by him to the Com-
missioner. .And in all eases ia which the person,
bank, association, company, or corporation, required
by law to make payment of taxes to the Commissioner,
shall neglect or refuse to make such payment within
tho tirno roquircd.thc Commissioner shall certify the
amount of tax due by such person, bank, association,
or corporation, with all tho penalties, additions,
and expenses accruing to the collector ot the proper
district, who shall collect the same by distraint
and sale, as in other cases. And the same proceed-
ings may be had to enforce tho collection of taxes
which have already accrued and which still remain
unpaid. And if any person, bank, association, com-
pany, or corporation, liable to pay any tax or
duty, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same after
demand, the amount shall be a lien in favor of the
United States from the tune it was due until paid,
with the interest, penalties, and costs that may accrue
in addition thereto, upon all piopeity and rights to
property belonging to such person, bank, associa-
tion, company, or corporation; and tho collector,
after demand, may levy, or by warrant may author-
ize a deputy collector to levy, upon all property and
rights to propeity belonging to such person, bank,
association, company, or corporation, or on which
the said lien exists, for the payment of the sum due
as aforesaid, with interest and penalty for non-pay-
ment,and also of such further sum as shall be suffi-
cient for the fees, costs, and expenses of such levy.
And in all cases of sale, as aforesaid, the certificate
of such sale shall transfer to the purchaser all right,
title, and interest of such delinquent in and to the
property sold; and where such property shall consist
of stocks, said certificate shall bo notice, when re-
ceived, to any corporation, company, or association
of said transfer, and shall be authority to such cor-
poration, company, or association to record the same
on their books and records, in the same manner as if
transferred or assigned by tho person or party hold-
ing the same, in lieu of any original or prior certifi-
cates, which shall be void, whether canceled or not.
And said certificates, where the subject of sale shall
be securities or other evidencesof debt, shall be good
and,valid receipts to the person holding tho same, as
against any person holding, or claiming to hold, pos-
session of such securities or other evidences of debt.
And all persons, and officeis of companies or corpo-
rations, are required, on demand of a collector or
deputy collector about to distrain, or having dis-
trained on any property and rights of property, to
exhibit all books containing evidence or statements
relating to the subject orsubjects of distraint, or the
property or rights of property liable to distraint for
the tax so due as aforesaid; Provided, That in any
case of distraint for the payment of the duties or
taxes aforesaid, the goods, chattels, or effects so dis-
trained shall and may be restored to the owner or
possessor, if prior to the sale payment of the amount
due shall be made to the proper officer charged with
the collection, together with the fees and other
charges; but in case of non-payment as aforesaid,
the said officers shall proceed to sell the said goods,
chattels, or effects at public auction, and shall retain
from the proceeds of such sale the amount demand-
able for the use of the United States, with the fees
and charges for distraint and sale, and a commission
ot five per cent, thereon for his own use, rendering
the overplus, if any there be, to the person who may
be entitled to receive the same; Provided further,
That there shall be exempt from distraint and sale,
if belonging to the head of a family, the school-books
and wearing apparel necessary for such family • also
arms for personal use, one cow, two hogs, five sheep
and the wool thereof, provided the aggregate mar-
ket value of said sheep shall not exceed fifty dol-
lars; the necessary food for such cow, hogs, and sheep
for a period not exceeding thirty days; fuel to an
amount not greater in value than twenty-five dol-
lars ; provisions to an amount not greater than fifty
dollars; household furniture kept for use, to an
amount not greater than $300; and books, tools, or
implements of a trade or profession to an amount
not greater than $100; and the officer making the
distraint shall call upon the assessor of the district
to summon three disinterested householders of the
vicinity, who shall appraise and set apart to the
owner the amount of property herein declared to be
exempt.
The committee proposed to amend this clause
by inserting after 1' advertisement,'' in line four
hundred and seventeen, the words1 i in one news-
paper," and in line four hundred and eighteen
after " district" by striking out " in the news-
paper of largest circulation printed in such
county;" so as to read:
That each of said collectors shall, within twenty
days after receiving his annual collection list from
the assessors, give notice, by advertisement in one
newspaper published in each county in his collection
district, if there be any, and if not then in the news-
paper, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and twenty to strike out " the" and insert
"a" before "newspaper," and after " news-
paper" to strike out "of largest circulation"
and insert "published ;" in line four hundred
and twenty-one after "in" to strike out "the
nearest" and insert "an;" in line four hun-
dred and twenty-two to strike out "up" after
'i posted;" and in line four hundred and twenty-
three after "said" to strike out " duties" and
insert "taxes;" so that, as amended, the clause
will read:
That each of said collectors shall, within twenty
days after receiving his annual collection list from
the assessors, give notice, by advertisement in one
newspaper published in each county in his collection
district, if there be any, and if not then in a news-
paper published m an adjoining county, and by noti-
fications to be posted in at least four public places in
each county in his collcction district, that the said
taxes have become duo and payable, and state the
time and place within said county at which he or his
deputy will attend to receive the same, which time
shall not be less than ten days after the date of such
notification, and shall send a copy of such notice by
mail to each postmaster in the county, to be posted
up in his office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and twenty-two, after the word "posted,"
to strike out the word "up."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and twenty-three to strike out the word
"duties" and to insert "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and thirty-three to strike out the words
"duties or" before the word "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and thirty-seven to strike out the words
"duties or" before "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and forty-one to strike out the words
"duties or" before the word "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and forty-three to strike out the words
"'duties or" before the word "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and forty-four to strike out the words
"duties or" before the word "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and forty-five, after the word "taxes," to
strike out the words "and duties."
The amendment was agreed to.
The^ next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and fifty-one to strike out the words
"duty or" before the word " tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and fifty-two to strike out the words
"duties" and to insert "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and fifty-five to strike out the words
"duties or" before the word "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and seventy, after the word "posted," to
strike out the word "up."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and seventy-nine to insert the word
"shall" before the word "not," and after it
to insert the word "be;" so that the clause
will read:
And the place proposed for sale shall not be more
than five miles distant from the place of making such
distraint.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"days," in line four hundred and eighty-three,
to strike out the following clause:
And in any case in which arty person, bank, asso-
ciation, company, or corporation, required by law to
make return to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, shall refuse or neglect to make such return
within the time specified, the amount of tax or duty
shall be estimated by the proper assessor or assistant
assessor, and shall be certified by him to the Com-
missioner. Andin all casesin which the person, bank,
association, company, or corporation, required by
law to make payment of taxes to the Commissioner,
shall neglect or refuse to make such paymentwithin
the time required, the Commissioner shall certify the
amount of tax due by such person, bank, association,
or corporation, with all the penalties, additions, and
expenses accruing, to the collector of the proper dis-
trict, who shall collect the same by distraint and sale,
as in other cases. And the same proceedings may bo
had to enforce the collection of taxes which have
already accrued and which still remain unpaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and one, after the word "tax," to strike
out the words "or duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and thirty-two to strike out the word
"and" and to insert "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and thirty-seven to strike out the words
"duties or" before the word " taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 32, line five
hundred and forty-seven of section nine, the
words "with the fees and charges for distraint,
and sale" should be transposed to come in
after the word "use" in line five hundred and
forty-nine ; so that the clause will read:
The amount demandable for the use of the United
States, and a commission of five per cent, thereon
for his own use, with the fees and charges for dis-
traint and sale, rendering the overplus, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line five hundred and sixty-one to insert
the word " the" before "books ;" and in line
five hundred and sixty-three, after the word
"dollars," to insert "shall also be exempt;"
so that the clause will read :
And tho books, tools, or implements of a trade or
profession to an amount not greater than $100 shall
also be exempt.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows :
That section twenty-nine be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in
lieu thereof the following: that in all cases where
the property liable to distraint for duties or taxes
under this act may not be divisible, so as to enable
the collector by a sale of part thereof to raise the
whol& amount of the tax, with all costs, charges, and
commissions, the whole of such property shall be
sold, and the surplus of the proceeds of the sale, after
satisfying the duty of tax, costs, and charges, shall
be paid to the owner of the property, or his legal
representatives; or if ho cannot be found, or refuse
to receive the same, then such surplus shall be de-
posited in the Treasury of the United States, to be
