4246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
ing to the consideration of that resolution, but
the Chair did not hear me. I do not think it
is a measure that we should pass at this stage
of the session.
Mr. SUMNEB. It was considered in com-
mittee carefully.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I know it was consid-
ered in committee about five minutes perhaps;
but it was not investigated. I am inclined to
the opinion that the principle of paying inter-
est which it recognizes is one which has not
been followed by the Government, and is a
departure from our uniform practice. It seems
that some bill passed at some stage in our his-
tory in relation to a claim of Maryland; and
that is seized upon and pressed into the ser-
vice obviously upon the face of this resolution,
because it requires some support other than
that derived from general principles.
Mr. SUMNER. Simply to apply the rule
here; that is all. This resolution is merely to
have these claims audited ; that is all.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The claims date back
to 1812 or 1815. How much they are, what
is their nature, what equities are connected
with them, we know nothing about, and we
have not time now to investigate. I have
never seen any papers in the case.
Mr. SUMNER. There were ample papers
before the committee of which the Senator is
a member; it was considered on three several
days in that committee, and finally the com-
mittee came to the conclusion which is ex-
pressed in the resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I presume the com-
mittee had about the information the Senate
have; and that is the fact that the Senator
from Massachusetts has convinced himself
that this amount ought to be paid.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. I took com-
paratively little interest in it; others on the
committee took more interest in it that I did.
The Senator from Maine, who is now absent,
[Mr. Mockili,,] took a deep interest in it. -
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is against the prac-
tice of the Government to pay interest upon
unascertained demands.
Mr. PO.MUUOY. In my State we cannot
get the Government to pay us the principal of
what it owes us. The Government owes us
for organizing troops and wo cannot get the
principal.
Mr. 1SUCKALKW. Unascertained, unset-
tled obligations of a Government, as a general
rule, bear no interest. Jt seems to me like a
profcty "smart" proceeding to hunt up some
precedent, which may have been accidental or
the result of peculiar circumstances, and to
use that to pile upon the Government a quan-
tity of interest on these old claims.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator perseveres
iu his objection of cotrse I shall not press the
resolution now.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think it my duty to
object.
UXKCUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDBN, the Sen-
ate (at fifteen minutes past four o'clock a. m.)
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and remained in executive session
till half past four a. m., when the doors were
reopened.
-MESSAGE FliOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MePunitsoK, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
li. No. 02) directing a district court to be held
at the city of Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the second committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No. l^S) to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (H. R.' No. 02) directing a district
court to be held at the city of Erie, in the
State of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 468) to provide for the
suits, judgments, and business of the United
States provisional court for the State of Lou-
isiana ;
A bill (H. R. No. 596) to authorize the use
of the metric system of weights and measures ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 197) authoriz-
ing a contract with Vinnie Ream for a statue
of Abraham Lincoln; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 207) to pay
Colonel Lewis F. Fix.
MILITARY PEACE ESTABLISHMENT.
. Mr. WILSON, from the second committee
of conference on Senate bill No. 138, sub-
mitted the following report:
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses of Congress upon the amend-
ment of the Senate to the substitute of the House to
the bill (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the military
peace establishment of the United States, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
House&as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendments, namely:
Section one, line three, strike out "twelve" and
insert "ten,"
Section three, line three, strike out " six" and
"three" and insert "four" and "two;" line seven-
teen striko out "four of the companies from each
regiment" and insert "any portion of the cavalry
force."
Section four, line seven, strike out "five" and in-
sert "four;" lino eight, after the word "men," insert
"and four regiments, of ten companies each, to be
raised and ofliecrcd a-s hereinafterprovided for, to be
called the Veteran Reserve corps." At the end of
scetion four insert: "the Veteran Reserve corps
shall be officered by appointment, from any officers
and soldiers of volunteers, or of tho regular Army,
who have been woundedin the line of their duty while
serving in tho Army of tho United States in the late
war, and who may yet be competent for garrison or
other duty, to which that corps has heretofore been
assigned."
Section six, lino three, strike out " two" and insert
"ono;" lines four and five striko out "one regi-
mental company."
Insert at tile end of section eight: "it shall be com-
petent to enlist men for the service who have been
wounded in tho line of their duty while serving in
tho Army of the United States, provided it shall be
found on medical inspection that by such wounds
tbeyarenot unfitted forgarrisou or other light duly;
and such men when enlisted shall be assigned to ser-
vice exclusively in the regiments of the Veteran Re-
serve corps." In the samo section, after the word
"years," in lino three, insert " for cavalry, a,nd three
years for artillery and infantry."
Section seven, strike out all to the word " academy,"
inclusive, in lino four, and in lieu thereof insert:
"that fiiteen bands, including the band at the Mili-
tary Academy, may be retained or enlisted in the
Army, with such organization as is now provided by
law, to ho assigned to brigades in time of war, and in
time of peace to assembled brigades or to torts or
posts n.t which the largest number of troops shall be
ordinarily stationed: and the band at tho Military
Academysliall be placed on tho same footing as other
bands."
Section fourteen,line five, strikeout "cavalry" and
insert "infantry."
At tho end of section thirteen insert: "but after
tlio first appointments made under the provisions of
this soction, as vacancies may occur in the grades of
major and captain in this department, no appoint-
ments to fill the samo shall bo madeuntil tho number
of majors shall bo reduced to twelve and tho number
of captains to thirty: and thereafter the number of
officers in each of said grades shall continue to con-
form to said reduced numbers."
Section seventeen, strike out all to the word " cav-
alry," in line sixteen, and in lieu thereof insert:
"that the medical department of the Army shall
hereafter consist of one surgeon general, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier general;
one assistant surgeon general, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a colonel of cavalry; one chief
medienl purveyor and four assistant medical purvey-
ors, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieuten-
ant colonels of cavalry, who shall give the same
bonds which are or may be required of assistant pay-
masters general oflike grade, and shall, when not act-
ing as purveyors, be assignable to duty as surgeons
by the President; sixty surgeons, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of majors of cavalry; ono hundred
and fifty assistant surgeons, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of first lieutenants of cavalry, tor the-
first three years' service, and with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of captains of cavalry after tlireo
years' service; and five medical store-keepers, with
the same compensation as is now provided bylaw;
and all tho original va'caneies in tho grade of assist-
ant surgeon shall be filled by selection by examina-
lion from among thepersons who have served as staff
or regimental surgeons or assistant surgeons of vol-
unteers in the Army of the United States two years
during tl^o late war; and persons who have served as
assistant surgeons three years in the volunteer ser-
vice shall be eligible for promotion to the grade of
captain."
Section twenty-one, line nine, strike out "sixteen"
and insert "thirteen."
Section twenty-four, strike out all after the word
"act," in line sixteen, and insert, "shall be entitled
in case of passing the examination, and being ap-
pointed or commissioned, to receive mileage from the
place of his residence to the place of examination,
or such portion of that distance as he may actually
•travel, the samo as is paid to officers traveling under
orders, but there shall be paid no other compensa-
tion."
Section twenty-seven, line seven, strike out "and
directed" and "non-;" line eight, strike out "other."
Section twenty-eight, after the word "States," in
line six, insert "or of either of the States ip insur-
rection."
At the end of section twenty-nine insert, "and
officers of tho regular Army who hare also held com-
missions as officers of volunteers, or commanded vol-
unteers, shall not on that account be held to be vol-
unteers under the provisions of this act."
At the end of section thirty-five insert, "Provided,
That no officer who is furnished with quarters in kind
shall be entitled to receive the increased commuta-
tion of rations hereby authorized."
Section thirty-six, strike out all after the word
"that," in the first, line, to the word "and," inclu-
sive, in the sixth line. In linenine, striko out "are"
and insert "is."
Insert as a new section, No. 37: "That tho Secre- s
tary of War be, and he is hereby, directed to have
prepared, and to report to Congress at its next ses-
sion, a code of regulations for the government of tho
Army and of the militia in actual service, which shall
embrace all necessary orders and forms of a general
character for the performance of all duties incumbent
upon officers and men in the military service, includ-
ing rules for the government of courts-martial; the
existing regulations to remain in force until Congress
shall have acted on said report."
HENRY WILSON,
IRA HARRIS, •
Managers on thepart of the Senate.
J. F. FARNSWORTH,
NELSON TAYLOR,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear some
explanation of the report of this committee of
conference.
Mr. WILSON. The'Senate bill as passed
by us, with very few modifications, is the bill
as it now stands, the amendments being of very
little account, excepting one on which we had
the main controversy. The bill as passed by
the Senate provided for six additional regi-
ments of cavalry, making twelve regiments al-
together. That is altered to four additional
regiments; we give up two. We have the same
number of artillery regiments and infantry regi-
ments as the Senate bill provided. The forty-
five infantry regiments are made up in this way:
thirty-seven white regiments, composed of the
ten old regiments and the twenty-seven battal-
ions with ten companies added ; then four regi-
ments of colored troops, and four regiments
of Yetcran Reserves. This is our bill with a
few slight amendments.
Tho report was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, and after fifteen minutes
spent therein the doors were reopened at ten
minutes before five o'clock a. m.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERM AN, from the second committee
on conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 737) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending 80th June,
1807, and for other purposes, reported that^
after full and free conference, the committee
were unable to agree.
Several Senators. What shall be done?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is but one point
of difficulty. The Senate conferees proposed
to recede from the amendment in regard to the
pay of members, but found that that was not at
all in the way ; that could be laid out of view ;
the only difficulty is in regard to the question
of bounties. The House insist upon some
legislation being had in regard to the bounties,
and their conferees submitted a proposition
which we did not feel at liberty to accept. I
will say that the proposition submitted is much
more moderate and much more reasonable
then any I have yet seen ; but we considered
that the action of the Senate did not leave us
at liberty to accept it.
