1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2327
nection and allow trade in our largest vessels
to reach as near tide-water as possible. I have
no fear as to the balance of the work. The
people, States, and the General Government
are always ready'to provide means to meet the
demand upon trade. Private capital as well
as public aid is always ready to secure every
benefit that can be obtained. To save this
Vast trade of the West, New York will enlarge
the locks of her canals when and where ne-
cessity calls, and if need be, her canals also.
This will have to be done, for it is a narrow
view that limits the business of the great fu-
ture to the very limited capacity of our present
thoroughfares.
Cheap transportation results in a correspond-
ing benefit both to the producer and consumer,
and this is one way in which transportation can
.be furnished cheaper than at present with a gen-
eral benefit and no serious detriment. Facts
will demonstrate this to be true. Hon. W. J.
McAlpine, late State engineer of the State oi
New York, in his report to the Legislature on
railroads in 1855, presented data from which
he deduced the following results:
Costof transportation per ton per mile is: Mills.
On the Ocean, long voyage H
" " " short voyage 2£ to 6
" " Lakes, long "  2
" " " short '  3 to 4
" " Hudson river 2}
*' " Mississippi and St. Lawrence 3
" " Erie canal (enlarged) 4
" " Ordinary canals 5 -
" " Baiiroads (ordinary grades) 12} to 13 *
Now, the distance by tho lake from Chicago to
Buffalo is one thousand miles; and the actual cost
of transporting a ton of freight, according to the esti-
mate of Mr. McAlpine, is two mills per toil per mile,
or—
For a ton of freight from Chicago to Buffalo...$2 00
The distance from Buffalo to Xroy is 315 miles,
which, at four mills per ton permile, makes
the cost of transporting a ton from Buffalo
to Troy  1 38
Add canal tolls, at throe mills per one thou-
sand pounds per mile  2 07
Cost of transportation per ton on tho Hudson,
at two and a half mills per mile  37.5
Making tho whole eost, including canal tolls,
of transporting a ton of wheat or flour from
Chicago to New York, via Buffalo and the
Erie canal $5 82.5
Cost via the Niagarasbip-eanal and LakeOntario:
The distance from Chicago to Oswego, via the pro-
posed ship-canal, would be eleven hundred and
eighty miles, which, at two mills per ton per mile,
would be $2 36
The distance from Oswego to Troy, by canal, is
one hundred and eighty-seven miles, which,
at four mills per ton per mile, for transpor-
tation, would be  74.5
Add canal tolls, at three mills per one thou-
sand pounds per mile, on wheat or flour  1 12.2
Freight on Hudson river at two and a half mills
perton per mile  37.5
Add Niagara ship-canal expenses, per ton  20
Making the cost of transporting a ton of wheat
or flour from Chicago to New York, via the
proposed ship-canal and Lake Ontario.........J&4 80.
The above statement, which is official and
doubtless entirely correct, shows a difference
in favor of the Niagara ship-canal route of
$1 02 on a ton of wheat or flour from Chicago
to New York.
Again this difference would be increased bv
the competition which always springs up be-
tween rival routes of trade, so that low freight
would not be confined to this route, but all
competing routes between the East and West
would be obliged to reduce prices on through
freight at least so as to conform to the cheaper
channels, thus savingto the West annually mil-
lions of dollars, and to the East in the same
ratio. As to the objection that trade through
this canal would not stop at our ports, but move
on to Montreal and be taken from our Atlantic
cities, I would say that such has not been the
fact thus far with reference to what has passed
through the Welland canal to any considerable
extent, for more than three quarters of it has
fou nd our sea-board through American channels
and been consumed by our people or exported
from our ports. Besides it would be more
likely to go from us now than it would if we
could furnish the facilities now furnished by
Canada, and thus control to a greater extent
than wo now can the direction of our trade.
Again, it is objected that such a canal would
deprive the State of New York of a large amount
of tolls, which she would realize if the trade
was forced through the whole length of her
canals. It is impossible to force the trade
against its interests; and it will go where the
greatest inducements are held out to it. Be-
sides, it would make no difference whatever,
as I can sec, for all the trade that an Ameri-
can ship-canal would get, if constructed, will
be received by the Welland canal if ours be
not constructed; and no condition of things
could prevent it, as I can discover. It is sim-
ply a question whether we or Canada have the
benefits of such a work and of such trade. The
case must be met, and cannot be avoided. The
issue is made up, and the result is an inevitable
necessity.
I would be the last man to unnecessarily put
myself in the way of the interests and pros-
perity of my State. I have stood by her inter-
ests always as best I was able. During three
years in her Legislature, when her canal inter-
ests were on trial, and needed steadfast friends,
and when, too, they were bitterly opposed, as
they always were, by the party with which my
colleague [Mr. J. M. Humphrey] has always
acted, I had the honor to do all in my power
toward permanently establishing them, and
making them the pride and glory of our people.
And when they have been paid for by the
business the great West has furnished, so that
no part of the expense of their original con-
struction and enlargement remains as a debt
against the State, as tho report of the canal
board shows, especially so far as the main line
is concerned, and when they arc to-day worth
all they ever cost, is it very generous in New
York to say that no other channels shall be
opened by which transportation will be cheap-
ened unless tribute is paid to her'? The West
has done for New York all that New York has
ever done for the West. The benefits are
mutual.
But, sir, while I am jealous of the rights of
my State, my duty now is here. I am to look
over a larger field of operations, to take into
my view our broad expanse of country, and in
my action upon this as upon other great ques-
tions, consult the interests of all our people
and all sections. It is a narrow policy, indeed,
that would ask me to confine my action to the
interests of my own State to the exclusion of
all others, were it in my power to effect any-
thing by it, which would not be possible in a
body like this, representing such a variety of
public interests, and all entitled to and able to
command duo consideration. I am in favor
of developing all sections and interests of our
broad country. Improvements of this nature
should be aided by the Government, for they
open communications with our people, bring
them into a closer relationship, and tend to
unite and bind together different sections of
the country in a common interest. What vast
wealth lies locked up in the earth, which indus-
try and enterprise are fast developing, and
when brought out to enrich and fill our land
with plenty ; what avenues of trade and com-
merce will be demanded to meet the neces-
sities of the case! Railroads must be con-
structed to pierce our mountains and stretch
across our boundless prairies : canals must con-
nect our great rivers and lakes, those inland
seas that make our continent a wonder and a
marvel; and then, when the vast resources of
the whole land shall be developed, and end-
less streams of wealth fill it with the fruits
of such developments, we shall be able to fully
realize our greatness and the magnitude of our
resources.
All enterprises and projects that look to such
results should receive the fostering care and
aid of the Government. Every dollar and every
acre of land given to such purposes is a rich
investment for us, for they will bring back ten-
fold in due time to the whole people in the
increased wealth and resources that will suiely
result from them. For New York or any of
her Representatives to oppose this measure or
throw any obstacles in the way of the completion
of this grand work of improvement it is unwise,
and such opposition is suicidal. Buffalo, so
ably represented by my colleague on this floor,
[Mr. J. M. Humphrey, ] has been the seatof all
or nearly all the opposition that has been made
to this measure from the State of New York.
Now, sir, considered by itself alone, I would
do nothing to strike at the interests of that great
city, so filled with enterprise and worthy of the
protection and admiration of all. I know of
nothing upon which she is really unsound aside
from this question of ship-canal, save it be at
times her politics, but in this regard she gives
occasionally some encouragement, for we see
now and then signs of restored life and health,
and it is to be hoped and believed that ere long
she will stand upright, clothed, in her right
mind, fully redeemed from all her past unfor-
tunate errings and political degeneracy.
What onhances the interests and wealth of
Buffalo and her people is gratifying to all our
people, and especially to me and my constit-
uents, for she sits like a queen upon the lake
on the very border of my district, the most of
which pays her constant tribute. She has no
right, however, to hazard the best interests of
the great whole for the purpose of aggrandiz-
ing herself, or to occupy such a selfish posi-
tion as to advocate a policy that will cripple
the vast interests of commerce generally so as
to secure to herself a local benefit; and this
applies equally to the whole State of New York.
Such a course will in the end meet with a severe
rebuke, for it cannot long withstand the broad
and comprehensive policy of general advantage
and public welfare which the great mass'of our
people will insist shall be adopted. Should
the State of New York, or any portion of it,
succeed in their opposition to this measure
and the policy it is intended to secufe, there
will be brought about what in the end will be
regretted. You will force the West and its
trade through the Canadas by the present routes
of communication and that to be completed,
to wit, the Ottawa ship-canal, by which so
many miles of transportation will be saved
to reach New York, should the trade takethat
direction, and by .which, without our own ship-
canal, trade will inevitably be conducted by the
St. Lawrence and out to the ocean without
reaching our ports.
I call the attention of Representatives from
New York, especially the city, from New Eng-
land, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey,to this
fact, for it will be too late to consider it after
such a condition of things takes place. The
great West and Northwest must and will have
ample outlets for her trade and articles of com-
merce. Not one acre in ten of the vast pro-
ductive region of that mighty empire is yet
under cultivation. Ten years hence she will
raise one thousand million bushels of grain for
market over her own consumption. Emigra-
tion is being quickened since the war, and all
this vast country is to be filled up with indus-
trious, producing classes that will develop its
immense resources, now unknown, and pour
into the channels of trade a constantly increas-
ing amount of production. What is New 1 ork
doing to meet this great demand? Where is
this outlet to be found? While we are fool-
ishly resisting one of the great measures to
remedy the defect and meet the demands upon
us, our Canadian neighbors, wiser than wc,
will present the facilities needed, and carry off
the untold benefits of their skill and enter-
prise.
Surely the East is directly interested in this
question. Herbusiness men, her cities, her com-
merce, her consumers are all identified closely
\V5th this measure in their best and highest in-
terests. The West, too, have a deep interest
in this work. By carefully prepared estimates,
which are entirely correct and official, which 1
have presented, it will be seen that by the ship-
canal route, over one hundred and twenty miles
of canal navigation will be saved from Chicago
to New York, which, by taking into the account
the difference between the eost of transporta-
tion on the lake and canal, and the further fact
that the freight will be but a trifle if any more
