1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state that this
amendment is intended to enable State officers,
shall retuse to enforce State laws discrim-
inating in reference to these rights on account
of race or color, to remove their cases to the
United States courts when prosecuted for re-
fusing to enforce those laws. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question orderedj andunclerthc operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa , moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was road, as follows:
Insert after "]S0:V' insection throe the words "and
all acts amendatory thereof."
Mr. A\ILSON, of Iowa. This amendment
is offered for the purpose of extending the oper-
ation of this section to any future act amenda-
tory of the habeas corpus act of 1803.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am instructed by
the same committee to move to add the follow-
ing as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That upon .ill questions
ot law arising in any case under the provisions of this
act a final appeal may be taken to the Supreme Court
of the United States.
Mr BINGHAM. 'What is the number of
that, section?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is an additional
section.
Mr. BINGHAM. What will be the number ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Section eleven. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now demand the
previous question, on the engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope not. Let the bill
be ordered to be printed, and let us have an
opportunity to look at it. I hope the gentle-
man from Iowa will consent to let it go over
for a few days.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask at least that the
bill may be read. I believe we ought to have
the bill printed and postponed.
Mr. FAltXSWOKTII. I also hope the gen-
tleman will allow the bill to be postponed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No amendment has
been offered by the committee, except the last
one, that has not been fully discussed while
the bill was pending before the House on a
former occasion.
Mr. HILL. What has become of the amend-
ment the gentleman promised me to move, that
nothing in this bill contained should be con-
strued to affect or interfere with the right of
suffrage in the several States?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. When the bill was
up before I did offer such an amendment, that
nothing in the bill contained should be con-
strued to affect the rights of suffrage in the
several States. I will explain. Some members
of the House thought, in the general words of
the first section in relation to civil rights, it
might be held by the courts that the right of
suffrage was included in those rights. To ob-
viate that difficulty and the difficulty growing
out of any other construction beyond the spe-
cific rights named iu the section, our amend-
ment strikes out all of those general terms and
lea\es the bill with the rights specified in the
section. Therefore the amendment referred
to by the gentleman is unnecessary.
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman will indulge
me a moment. From the difficulty of obtain-
ing copies of this bill I have been unable to
know how it now stands. This is an important
measure, and we should have an opportunity
to understand its precise terms.
The bill was then read as amended.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. W 1LSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HA HIlIS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the aflirmative—yeas 111, nays 38, not voting
3-1; as follows:
Broomall. Buckland, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, t'obb,
Conklint!, Cook. Cullorn, Darling, Davis, Dawes, De-
l;mo. Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Brings, Dumont,
Ehot, Farnsworfh. Farauhar, Ferry, Garfield, (irin-
nell, Abner C. Harding, Ilart, Hayes, Iligby, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. llubbard, Ilul-
burd. James Humphrey, Ingorsoll, Jenckcs, Julian,
Kelley, Kelso, Ketoham, Kuvkendall, Laflin, George
V. Lawrence, \V111 i.iin Lmvience, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Jlarston, Marvin, McOlurg, Mcltuer, Mereur,
■Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
i\reweli, O Neill, Ortb, Paine,Perham, Pike, Plants,
Price, Alexander II. Rico, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield,
8 ii ell aba rger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbiidce, Up-
son, Y;>1J Acrn.am, But t V.m Hoin, Ward, Warner,
X A Y'S— Messrs. Aueona, liorgen, Bingham, Boyer,
Brooks, OollYoth, Dawson. Denison, (tlossbrenner,
Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan,
Kdwin jSr. tlubbell. Jones, Keir, Latham, Le Biotid,
Marshall, jMcCullough, Xiebolson, Phelps, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, William II.Randall,Hitter,Rog-
ers, Boss, Rouleau,Shanklm, Sitgreaves, Smith, Ta-
ber, Taylor,Thornton,Trimble, and Winfield—38.
NOT YOT1 Xfi—Messrs I)c!os K. Ashley, Barker,
Benjamin, Biandegee, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Culver, Defrces, ICekley, Kggleston, Kldridge, Finck,
Criisvvold, Halo, Hendei>on, llotelikiss, James R.
Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Kasson,
Melndoe, Melvee, Niblaek, Noel!, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Raymond, Jolm H. Rice, Rollins, Stihvell,
Strouse, Robert T.Vnn Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
and Wright—31.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BROOMALL stated that Mr. Patterson
had paired with Mr. J. M. Hpmi'Huey.
Mr. THAYER stated that Mr. Eckley was
absent by leave of the House.
Mr. LE BLOND stated that Mr. Finck was
absent, and lie was authorized to say that if he
was present he would have voted against the
bill on its passage.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved the previous
question on the adoption of the title.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to move to amend
the title of the bill by making it- read, l'A bill
to abrogate the lights and break down the judi-
cial system of the States.''
[Cries of " Order '■ Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been moved.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the title was adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
to lay that motion on the table. ■'
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLDIElls' CLAIMS.
Onmotion ofMr. WOODBUIDGE, by unani-
mous consent, tho Committee on the Judiciary
were discharged from the further consideration
of Senate bill No. 88, to restrict the expenses
of collecting soldiers' claims against the Gov-
ernment : and the same was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I now enter a motion
to reconsider.
HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back House bill No. 130, to amend
the act relating to habeas corpus and regulate
judicial proceedings in certain cases, approved
March 3, 1803; and the same was laid on the
table.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, stated that the
place of this bill was supplied by another bill
already reported.
PAYMENT FOR EMANCIPATED SLAVES.
_Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which was referred
House joint resolution No. 143, reported the
same back, accompanied by a written report
and with sundry amendments.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio,
it was ordered that the report be printed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. 1 ask that the
first and second amendments may bo agreed -
to, and then I will make a motion as to the dis-
position of the bill.
Tho joint resolution was read. It provides
that neither Congress nor any State shall ever
authorize or provide for the payment of eman-
cipated slaves.
The first amendment was to strike out tha
words "United States;" which was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out, in
section two, the words " and be it further en-
acted, that;" which was agreed to.
The last amendment was to add at the end
of section one the following:
Except as provided by statute in force prior to tho
1st day of January, 1863.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I now move
that the joint resolution as amended be printed
and recommitted to tho Committee on the Ju-
diciary, with the last pending amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I now desire to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the joint resolution and pending amendment
were recommitted.
The motion was entered accordingly.
district coujtt at erij5.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back House bill No. 02, directing a district
court to be held at tho city of Erie, in the State
of Pennsylvania, with an amendment.
The bill was read.
The amendment reported by the committee
was as follows:
Strike out the words, "and that in addition to tho
compensation allowed by Jaw to the said judge, ho
shall be paid tho sum oi $500 for his additional ex-
penses and services."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to put the bill
upon its passage, and upon it I demand the
previous question.
Mr. SCOEIELD. Will my colleague allow
me a moment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw the previous
question temporarily, and yield to my col-
league.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend the
clause which the committee propose to strike
out by striking out "$o00" and inserting
" $300 " in lieu thereof.
I think that will be. entirely satisfactory to
the committee, and it is following the precedent
which was set in the case of the judge from
Maine. It is absolutely necessary that we
shall have this court there since the passage
of our internal revenue law, and considering
the low salary that we are now paying to the
judge, it is no more than fair that the small
amount of .$300 should be allowed him, as was
done in the case of the Maine judge, for his
additional compensation.
Mr. WrILLIAMS. I now renew the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Scofiei.d's amendment was agreed to.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary was disagreed to.
