1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3287
there held for the use of the owner, or his legal rep-
resentatives, until ho shall make application there-
for to the Secretary of the Treasury, who, upon such
application, and satisfactory proofs in support thereof,
shall, by warrant on the Treasury, cause the same to j
ho paid to the applicant. And if any of the property
advertised for sale as aforesaid is of a kind subject to
tax or duty under the provisions of thi* act, and such
tax or duty has not been paid, and the amount bid
for such property is not equal to the amount of such
tax or duty, the collector may purchase the same in
behalf of the United States for an amount not ex-
ceeding the said tax or duty. And in all cases aris-
ing under this act where property subject to tax, but
upon which the tax has not been paid, shall be seized
upon distraint, or otherwise, and sold, the amount of
such tax shall, after deducting the expenses of such
sale, be first appropriated, out of the proceeds thereof,
to the payment, of said tax. And if no assessment
of tax or duty has been made upon such property,
the same shall be made in like manner as elscwhorc
provided for the assessment of taxes upon property
of liko nature. And all property so purchased may
be sold by said collcctor, under such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Rcvenuo. And the collector shall render a distinct
account of all charges incurred in tho sale of such
property to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
who shall, by regulation, determine the fees and
charges to bo allowed in all cases of distraint and
other seizures; or where necessary expenses lor mak-
ing such distiaint or seizure have been incurred, and
in ease of sale, tho said collector shall pay into the
Treasury the surplus, if any there be, after defraying
such fees and charges.
The Committee on Finance proposed several
amendments to the clause. The first was in
line five hundred and seventy to strike out the
word "the" before "property."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and seventy-one to strike out the words
"duties or" before the word "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and seventy-six to strike out the words
"duty or" before the word "tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and seventy-seven to strike out the words
"owner of the property, or his legal repre-
sentatives," and to insert" persons legally enti-
tled to receive the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines five hun-
dred and eighty-one and five hundred and
eighty-two to strike out the words " owner, or
his legal representatives," and to insert " per-
sons legally entitled to receive the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and eighty-eight, after the word " tax," to
strike out the words "or duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and eighty-nine, after the word " tax," to
strike out the words "or duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino five hun-
dred and ninety-one, after the word "tax," to
strike out the words "or duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and ninety-three,after the word "tax," to
strike out the words "or duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and ninety-nine, after the word " tax," to
strike out the words "or duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred, after the word "property," to strike out
the words—
The same shall be made in like manner as else-
where provided for the assessment of taxes upon
property of liko nature—
And to insert:
The collector shall make a return thereof in the
form required by law, and the a-ssessor shall assess tho
tax thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of sec-
tion nine, as follows :
That section thirty bo amended by striking out all
aftcrthe enactmgclauseandinsertingin lieu thereof
the following: that in any case where sufficient goods
or effects belonging to the party owing tho tax and
duties imposed bythisactcannotbe found by thesaid
collector or deputy collector to satisfy the same, such
collector or deputy collector is hereby authorized and
required to collect the amount thereof from tho real ;
estate belonging to the party delinquent, bypeiauro
and sale thereof as hereinafter provided, and for that
purpose the said collector or deputy collcctor shall
summon theparty whoso real estate is proposed to be
sold, that on the first dayof the next ensuing term of
tho United States distriotorcircuitcourt,held m and
for tho district in which the real estate proposed to
be sold or the greater part thereof is situate, that he
be and appear before said court, and show cause, if
any he have, why judgment for the amount ot said
tax and duties should not bo rendered against him,
and tho real estate therein named sold to pay the
same, together with tho fees and costs growing out
of the said proceedings. The said summons shall re-
cite the amount of tho tax and duties, at what time
the samo became due and payable, together with a
description of tho real estate seized and proposed to
be sold, and where situate, and shall be served by
leaving a copy thereof with the delinquent, or at his
usual place of abode with somo member of his or her
family over the age of liltcen years. If tho said dc-
lincuicnteannot bo foundnor have any plaeeof abode
within tho proper collection district, then the said
collector or deputy collector shall causo publication
thereof to be made by at least four insertions in a
newspaper published nearest the said real estate.
The said collector or deputy collector shall, within
five days alter the service of tho summons, or the
completion of tho publication thereof as aforesaid,
transmit the same, with the time and manner of the
service thereof properly ccrtilicd thereon, to the
elerk of the said district or circuit court, and upon
the receipt thereof the said court shall be possessed
of the case, and, unless eausc to the contrary be
shown by said delinquent, shall render judgment
against the said delinquent for the amount of tho
tax and duties found duo by him and unpaid, and
decreo the sale of said real estate for the payment
thereof at tho first term of said court, provided tho
same shall commenco not less than twenty days from
the service of tho summons or the completion of tho
publication thereof; otherwise, at tho second term,
unlesslonger continued for good cause shown. Upon
the rendition of a judgment as aforesaid, the clerk of
the said court shall issue execution thereon, which
shall be a special tieri facum against the veal estate
therein mentioned in all eases when the delinquent
shall havo been summoned by publication as afore-
said. and has not appealed in person 01 by attorney;
in all other cases, if the real citato mentioned therein
he not sullicicnt to satisfy the judgment, and expense
thereon, the same may be levied on other propeity,
real and personal, of said delinquent. Tho execution
so issued tho clerk shall transmit to thesaid collector
or deputy collcctor, who shall thereupon procced to
sell the said real estate, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay tho said judgment, fees, and costs, to
tho highest bidder, for cash, at the court-houseof tho
county in which the said real estate is situate, unless
another and different place shall be specially desig-
nated by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, first
giving twenty days' public notice of the time and
place of sale and the property to be sold, and where
situate, by advertisement in a newspaper, it there be
one, published in said county, and if not, by at least
six handbills put up m public places in said county ;
and upon such sale and tho payment of the purchase
money shall give to the purchaser a certificate of
purchase, which shall set forth tho real estate pur-
chased, lor whose taxi,s and duties the same was sold,
the name of the purchaser, and the price paid there-
for; and if the said real estate be not redeemed in
the manner and within the t line hereinafter piovided,
then the said collcctor or deputy collector shall exe-
cute to the said purchaser, upon his surrender of said
certificate, a deed to the real estate purchased by him
as afoic>aid, and in accordance with the l.iwa of the
State in which such real estate is situate upon the
subieet of sales of real estate under execution, which
said deed shall be prima Jaci<>, evidence; of the facts
therein st ated, and shall lie considered and operate
as a. conveyance of all the right, lit lc, and interest
tho delinquent had ill and to the real estate thussold
at the time the h'-n ot the United States attached
theieto. Any delinquent, whose estate may be pro-
ceeded acrain-t as aforesaid, shall have the right to
pay the amount due, together with the co-is and
charges thereon, to the collcctor or deputy collector
at any time prior to the sale thereof, and all farther
proceedings shall cea^-c from tho time of such pay-
ment. The owncis of any real estate sold as afore-
said, their heirs, executors, or administrators, or anv
person having any interest therein, or a lien thereon,
or any person in their behalf, shall bo permitted to
redeem the land sold as aforesaid, or any particular
tract thereof, at*any time within one year after the
sale thereof, upon payment to the purchaser, or, in
ease he cannot be found in the county in which the
land sought to be redeemed is situate, then to the
collector for tho use of the purchaser, his heirs or
assigns, the amount paid by the said purchaser and
interest thereon at the rate of twenty per cent, per
annum. It shall bo the duty of cveiy collector to
keep a record of all proceedings and sales of land
made by virtue of this act, whether by himself or his
deputies, in which he shall enter the tax for which
any such sale was made, the date of the service of
the summons, the name of the party a^se^scd, and
tho date thereof, the date and amount of the judg-
ment, and all costs and fees attending the same, the
advertisement and sale, the name of the purchaser,
the amount paid, and for what real estate, and all
material facts connected therewith, which record
shall be certified to by the officer making the sale.
It shall be the duty of every deputy making sale as
aforesaid to return a true statement thereof to the
collector within ten days from the day of sale and to
certify the record thereof, and the record required
heroin to he kept shall ho received m any court as
jjrima facic evidence of the facts therein stated, and
shall beby tho said collcctor handed over to his suc-
cessor in office. When any landsthussoldsballbe re-
deemed as hereinbefore provided, if tho redemption
money be paid to the purchaser thereof, thesaid pur-
chaser shall deliver to tho person redeeming tho samo
the certificate of purchase aforesaid, upon which he
shall acknowledge the receipt of the redemption mon-
ey, from whomreccived, and the date thereof. Upon
the return ot thesaid certificate receipted as aforesaid
to the collector, or upon the receipt of tho redemp-
tion money by the collector as aforesaid, tho said
collector shall enter upon said record the facts at-
tending tho redemption thereof, and shall within
ten days thereafter make out and certify a full copy
of tho record of such ease, and transmit the same,
together with tho execution aforesaid, to the clerk
of the court from which such execution issued, to
be thero preserved with the papers of the case. Any
collector or deputy collector is hereby authorized to
procced as herein specified against tho real estate of
any delinquent in his district, situate in any other
collection district within tho Stato of which his dis-
trict forms a part, and his proceedings in relation
thereto shall bo conducted in like manner and with
like effect as if tho same were had in his proper col-
lection district. Whenever at any sale as aforesaid
no sum is bid for the real estato so offered for sale,
or an amount insuthcie.nt to satisfy the judgment,
costs, and fees, the collcctor or deputy collcctor is
authorized to purchase the same for tho United
States, subject to redemption as herein provided;
and if not redeemed, shall execute a deed as afore-
said, and deposit the same with tho district attorney
of tho United States for the district in which the
proceedings in the caso wero had. The sale herein
authorized may bo adjourned by tho officer making
tho samo for a period not oxcceding five days, if ho
shall think it advisable to do so. The officer making
the sale as aforesaid shall be allowed a fee often dol-
lars, which, together with tho costs of court and all
other costs and charges attending the sale, shall bo
paid from the proceeds of such sale; and the surplus,
if any, after satisfying the judgment, shall bo dis-
posed of as is provided in this act for like cases aris-
ing from the sale of personal property. In case the
real estate authorized to be sold as aforesaid shall
consist of several distinct tracts or parcels, tho offi-
cer making sale thereof shall oiler each tract or par-
cel for halo separately, and shall give to the pur-
chaser a certificate of pure-base for each of such tracts
01 parcels bought b.v him as aforesaid. If the amount
bid for any tract authorized to be sold shall not then
and there bo paid by the person to whom the samo
is sold, the officer shall forthwith sell the samoagain,
in tho same manner, and until the amount for which
the same may be sold is paid. And the claim of the
United fcltatca to lands sold under and by virtue of
this section shall be held to have accrued at the time
of the seizure thereof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee pro-
pose to strike out all that is proposed to be
inserted in lieu of section thirty of the act
of lM'j, by that paragraph, and to insert a
substitute which 1 will send to the Chair. It
was omitted, by mistake, in the printed copy
of the bill.
The Secretary read the matter proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That in any ease where goods, chattels, or effects
sufficient to satisfy the taxes imposed by this act upon
any person liable to pay the same, shall not be found
by the collector or deputy collector whose duty it may
be to collect the same, he is hoi eby authorized to col-
lect the same byseizure and sale of real estate; and
tho officer making such seizure and sale shall give
notice to the person whoso estate is proposed to be
sold, by giving him in hand, or leaving at his last or
usual place of abode, if he lias any such within tho
collection distru t where said estate is situated, a no-
tice, in writing, stating *\hat, pai tieular estate is pro-
PomM to be sold, describing the same with reasonable
certainty, and the tunc when and place where said
officer proposes to sell the same; which time shall
not be le*-* than twenty nor more than forty days from
the tunc of giving said notice. And the said officer
shall al>o cause a notification to the same effect to
bo published in some newspaper within the county
wh'u-0 sueh seizure is made, if any such there be, and
shall also cause a like notice to be posted at the post
office nearest to tho estate to be seized, and m two
other public places within the county; and the place
of said sale shall not be more than five miles distant
from the estate seized, except hy special order of tho
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. At tho time and
place appointed, the officer makingsuoh seizure shall
proceed to sell the said estate at public auction, offer-
ing the same at a minimum price, including the ex-
pense of making such levy, and ad chaigesioradvcr-
tiMng and an officcr'sfec of ten dollars. And m caso
the real estate so seized, as aforesaid, shall consist of
several distinct tiacts or parcels, tho officer making
sale thereof shall offer each tract or parcel for salo
separately, and shall, if he deem it advisable, appor-
tion the expenses, charges, and fees, aforesaid, to such
several tracts or parcels, or to any of them, in esti-
mating the minimum price aforesaid. And if no
person offers for said estate the amount of said mini-
mum price, the officer shall declare the same to bo
purchased by him for tho United States, and shall
deposit with the district attorney of the United
States a deed thereof, as hereinafter specified and
provided; othoiwise, the «amo shall be declared to
be sold to the highest bidder. And said sale may he
adjourned lrom time to time by said officer for not
exceeding thirty days in all, if ho shall think it ad-
