2328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
to Oswego than to Buffalo, we find that this
route will cheapen the transportation on every
bushel of wheat nearly four cents, which of
•itself is no small item for western men to ex-
amine in connection with this question. The
same thing is true with reference to all arti-
cles of western production seeking our eastern
markets.
Now, I submit whether this is not a measure
that demands-the serious attention of all sec-
tions, and claims an unqualified approval from
Representatives of all portions of the country,
for all are deeply intorested in the general ben-
efits to flow from its- success. There are sev-
eral outlets for the trade that reaches Lake
Ontario : the Oswego and Erie canal, to Troy,
and the Hudson river, besides two railroads at
Syracuse, and another in contemplation; the
Cape Vincent, the Rome and Watertown rail-
road, which now receives large consignments
of lake produce, and delivers the same in New
York by Central railroad, or Erie canal at
Rome. The projected road from the Hudson
to Lake Ontario, by the way of Saratoga, is
being rapidly pushed forward, and will form
another important avenue for western produce.
The road from Ogdensburg to Boston is in suc-
cessful operation, and supporting large lines
of steamers in trade with the western States.
By this route largo amounts of produce are also
sent, to New York by way of Lake Champlain
and canal. Other routes to the East are sug-
gested and doubtless will be constructed, for
the commercial energy of our people is unlim-
ited, and will constantly increase as the demands
for outlet increase. One of the most promi-
nent is a water communication with the lakes,
by way of a canal from Montreal, through Lake
Champlain, and canal to the navigable waters
of the Hudson, a distance of only sixty miles.
But the success of all or any of these routes
of communication, which are bound to be com-
pleted before very long, in which 1 insist the
whole country is interested, depends entirely
upon an opening between Lake Ontario and
our western lakes by way of a ship-canal.
There is no other as cheap, as proper, and as
feasible. Shall we have it on the Ameri-
can side, or shall we continue to pay tribute
to Canadian skill and enterprise? More than
three quarters of all the commerce of the upper
lakes is American, and hence it will be seen
that we are keeping up the Welland canal by
our enterprise and capital. We have paid for
it and continually support it, and unless we
move in the construction of a canal ourselves
we shall furnish the means for its speedy
enlargement and its continued support and
prosperity.
But if the East and middle States will per-
sist in their opposition to this measure, the
West and Northwest will be compelled, and be
justifiable, too, in making such arrangements
as will meet their interests and take their im-
mense surplus of productions by way of the
Ottawa canal, to be constructed, to the St.
Lawresce, and use that river as an easement
to the ocean. I am glad that the West is so
unanimously in favor of this measure, and hope
that any unwise and selfish policy of any sec-
tion may not lessen their devotion to the grand
idea of developing our own resources by means
of improvements like this within our own terri-
tory and under the control of our own people.
Open up this connection between the lakes,
and it will not be long before the New York
c.inal, in her locks at least, will be enlarged
to^ meet the demands upon them. Whether
tli'" canal bo made or not, such an increase
will be accomplished, but this is no reason why
this work should not be done, as I hare clearly
shown, as all the additional facilities will be
indispensable, and furnished from some quar-
ter if not by us.
But, Sir. Speaker, I have detained the House
much longer than T had intended to do in this
debate ; but the question opens up such inter-
esting fields of contemplation in connection
with the future of our country, and the vast
trun-'aclions of its future commercial, ngricul-
tuial. and manuiaetmiog prosperity and devel-
opment, that I have been drawn further into
the debate than perhaps prudence dictated.
Now, sir, when I look forward twenty and
fifty years, which is but a span in the life of a
nation like ours, and contemplate what our1
country is to be, in the light of' the remarks
made the other day by my friend, the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
B\ntks,] I confess I am filled with pride and
satisfaction.
All our broad expanse of country from ocean
to ocean will be filled with free, intelligent, and
enterprising people, living in and controlling
States with institutions calculated to lift them1
up to the highest point of civilization, and' fill
our whole land with blessings and happiness.
Railroads and canals, fostered and aided by the
Government when and where necessary, reach-
ing out their long lines across the continent,
and interlocking with each other, ramifying in
every direction, through every mountain pass,
or piercing the mountain's side, along the riv-
ers, over the prairies, upon the very thresh-
olds of all our towns and cities, bringing ocean
near to ocean and. making near neighbors of
the most remote sections of our united and
happy land ; all pouring into our Treasury
untold wealth, and making us complete mas-
ters of the whole earth in every material point
of vie w. What a sublime field for contemplation
and thought! It remains to be seen whether
we shall be worthy of such a destiny, whether
we fully comprehend the duties of the hour,
and whether we are ready to grasp the occasion
and secure these great advantages.
Every such work as this bill proposes to au-
thorize tends to bind our people together in
a common interest, and adds one more link to
the bond of union, and increases each man's
capital stock in his country's good name and
honor.
When our great and unequaled lines of com-
munication are all opened between the Pacific
and the Atlantic, Asia will be compelled to pay
us tribute and send her products across our
continent, through the Atlantic cities to their
destination. It has been well said that "we
are yet to dictate laws in the arts, sciences,
and finance to the whole world, as Well as be
acknowledged the commercial, agricultural,
and manufacturing center of the whole earth."
Among the means used to secure this grand
result is the work proposed by this bill. Itasks
but a small favor compared with what has been
granted and will yet be granted to other pro-
jects equally meritorious and worthy of consid-
eration. The millions of money given to the
Pacific railroad, for which I had the privilege
of voting in the Thirty-Seventh Congress was
a wise investment; and others of the same
nature will do as much toward bringing about
the condition of things to which I have referred.
They develop, quicken, and push forward enter-
prise, labor, intelligence, and skill, all of which
in their turn enrich and cover over our land
with wealth and prosperity.
This work is entirely national in its charac-
ter. We owe it to ourselves to aid in its con-
struction, and thus secure it speedily. We owe
it to the bold, enterprising men who have in-
vested their property in commerce, and who
are among the bravest of our people and the
most patriotic of our citizens, that we open up
this way of trade, and no longer compel them
to pay tribute to those who have for us but
little sympathy and respect, as the last few
years of our trial have clearly shown. Our
brave and loyal citizens engaged in service on
our lakes ought not, any longer than it will
take to construct our own ship-canal, be com-
pelled to use theirs in the prosecution of their
legitimate business; and Congressandthe Gov-
ernment ought to give their early attention to
the construction of the work that is now pro-
posed. Like many other works of the past few
years and present, it would stand as a monu-
ment to the intelligence, patriotism, and energy
of the men and the Government who nobly
came i;p to and met the struggles of the present !
day amid the da-kest storms and greatest obsta- !
cles. It would be an honor to the age which i
witnesses its execution and a blessing to our
whole people.
Mr. Speaker, I now yield ten minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. ROSS. Sir. Speaker, from the cursory
examination I have been able to give this
measure, I am inclined to look upon it favor-
ably. I have not examined the minutios of
the provisions of the bill, but the general
objects which it contemplates are so different
from those which ordinarily are presented for
the consideration of this House that they cer-
tainly commend themselves to my judgment.
I regard this as a measure in the interest of
peace, a measure in the interest of commerce,
a measure in the interest of the prosperity of
the whole country. It is not like many meas-
ures which' have been pressed upon the con-
sideration of this House during the last few .
months. It is not a measure to appropriate
eleven or twelve million dollars for the pur-
pose of feeding, clothing, and building school-
houses for lazy, indolent negroes who will not
work. It is nothing of the kind. It is not a
measure for the purpose of raising the com-
pensation of the heads of some of the bureaus-
who are hanging about at the skirt tail of
members and of employes about this House,
who beg.to get into a public position, and who
spend all the time afterward in trying to get
their compensation increased.
I am aware at the threshold that the dis-
tinguished gentleman from New York [Mr. J.
M. Humphrey] enunciates the grave doctrine
to this House that this is an unconstitutional
measure. My friend behind me says that that
is a played-out question. I do not so regard
it. I claim to be a strict constructionist of the
Constitution. Still I do not believe in the
doctrine that you can put your arms into the
public Treasury and take millions of money
trom the people of the great West to expend
upon the sea-board of the East, and that there
is no constitutional right to make appropria-
tions for the purpose of improving the great
inland seas of the West.
The gentleman tells us that we are infringing
upon the rights of New York, thatwe are going
to take her precious soil without her consent.
Why, sir, I suppose we would have to make a
little hole in the rocks around the falls of
Niagara. But that is not the Secret of the gen-
tleman's opposition to this bill. He tells us
about the large expenditures that have been
made at Buffalo in the way of warehouses for
the purpose of taking charge of the products
of the western country that are sent to the east-
ern market. He knows full well that thou-
sands of his constituents live upon this busi-
ness of transporting products from the West,
reshipping them at. Buffalo. That is the secret
of his opposition to this bill.
It so happens, Mr. Speaker, that this is a
measure that is in favor with the people. It
is a measure in behalf of the toiling million!;
scattered throughout the length and breadth
of our country, who do not throng the lobbies
and ask for the passage of measures for their
particular benefit. And now I want to see how
the Representatives of the people will respond
to this call that is made by their constituency
at home with reference to this measure of great
and paramount interest-
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. ROSS. For a question ?
Mr. DELANO. It is not a question.
Mr. ROSS. I cannot yield; I have but a
few minutes left. This is a measure in which
the whole country is interested, unless it is the
constituents of the gentleman from Buffalo,
[Mr. J. M. Humphrey,] who want to have a
portion of the products of our farms stick to
their hands in transit through the city of Buf-
falo. Why, sir, it reduces the price of the
commodity to the consumer and it enhances
it to the producer. It is mutual in its benefit.
The distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr, Eliot] yesterday gave us some
valuable statistics in relation to the products
of the  reat Northwest, especially of the State
which 1 have the honor in part to represent on
