1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; andbeing engrossed, it
■was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table. * ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now yield the
floor to my colleague on the committee from
Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
habeas corpus.
Mr. COOK, from the Committeo on the
Judiciary, reported back bill of the House
No. 2'JS, to amend an act entitled '' An act' rel-
ative to the habeas corpus and regulating ju-
dicial proceedings in certain cases,'' approved
March 3, 1800, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
The Clerk proceeded to read the substitute,
but during the reading the morning hour ex-
pired, and the bill went over.
printing 01' testimony.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee ou Printing to offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That twenty-five thousand extra copies
of each of t he reports of testimony taken by the joint
eeleet, committeo on reconstruction, together with tho
accompanying documents, bo printed without covers
for tile use of the House.
It is due to my colleague on the Committee
on Printing, tho gentleman from West Virginia,
[Mr. Latham,] that I should state that while
lie consents to tho offering of this report he
dissents from the principle. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Does this relate to the
testimony taken before the reconstruction com-
mittee.?
Mr. LAFLTN. It docs.
Mr. CONKL1MG. Will my colleagno yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. LA KLIN. I withdraw tho previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. COM KLI \'G. I wish to make a state-
ment in connection with this subject. I have
seen il stated in newspapers that there is on the
part of the joint committeo of iifteen, or of some
of its subdivisions, an intention to suppress or
withhold evidence in its possession. This charge
is utterly groundless. No evidence has been
selected for publication, nor has any been se-
lected to be suppressed or even to bo postponed
in its publication. Nothing of the sort has
happened. One sub-committee has not as yet
brought in any evidence whatever, and the delay
arises in this way.
Senator Howard, who is at tho head of the
sub-coimniltce referred to, has been absent for
some time on account of a domestic berea\e-
ment.and liccause of his absence the testimony
taken by that sub-eommittce lias not been pre-
sented, although in substance it is ready. It
was thought by his colleagues upon the com-
mittee that he being chairman, and being absent
for such a reason, if would be no more than
respectful to him not to move in his absence.
I repeat, therefore, for myself and for the
whole of the joint committee, that there is no
truth whatever in the allegation that any evi-
dent lias been suppressed, or even in any
manner withheld, except as I have stated.
.Mr. GRIDKK. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Coxku.xu,] one
question.
.Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. GJUDEIL Tho gentleman from New
York speaks of sub-committees. I would ask
him whether or not he knows that any sub-
committee has reported to the general commit-
tee, except the sub-committee that took tho
testimony in relation to 'Tennessee?
Mr. CONKLTNG. I know—and perhaps
that _ is a sufficient answer, as I would keep
within tho parliamentary rule rendering doings
in committee inviolate—that the committee
ordered all evidence taken to be brought for-
ward as rapidly as might be, to be printed. If
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G rider]
wants to know whether the technical process,
or the manual act, has been to expose the tes-
timony first to the whole committee, and then
to bring it from the whole committee to the
House, I will answer him that' I believe the
exact mode has been for each sub-committee
to bring in its testimony directly to the House
and hand it over to be printed, to the end that
Congress and the country may have it all at an
early period.
Mr. GBIDER. Did not tho general com-
mittee dccide not to publish any testimony
except such as was reported by the sub-com-
mittees to tho general committee?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 must object to this de-
bate.
Mr. CONKLING. I will continue it so far
as to say to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
GniDBii] that ho is mistaken as to the action of
the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like to hear this
colloquy about what has taken place in the
committee; it is all out of order.
Mr. GRIDER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxkling] gave me leave to ask
the question.
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House
do not recognize debate in regard to what has
occurred in a committee, except so far as the
committee may have reported their action.
Mr. LE BLOND. What is tho particular
object of publishing this testimony? It does
not seem to come m now in connection with
any proposition upon which the House is called
to act.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will answer the gentleman
from Oiiio [Mr. Lb Blond] by saying that this
is intended for the information of the public and
of the Ilou.se. The importance of the subject,
the interest that is felt in it, the high character
of the testimony that has been presented, are
sufficient reasons for this publication. I now
call the previous question.
'fhe previous question was seconded, and
the main question was ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 32, not vot-
ing 4-1; as follows:
YEAR —Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter,
Beama l, Bin'-'hum, Blame, Blow, Boutwell, Brom-
wolt, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Colliding, Cook, Cullom, Darling. Dawes, Del-
ano, Doming, Dtxon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont,
Eliot, Farusworth, Farquhar. Ferry, (Airfield, Grin-
neil, Abner 0. Harding, Hurt, Hayes, lligby, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, Asahot W. Ilubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard. Hul-
bunl, James Humphrey, lngorsoll, Jcnckes, ICelley,
Kelso, Keleham, Kuykendall, Lallin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
Mai.^ton, .Marvin, McClnrg, Meltucr, Meicur, jMillcr,
jHoorhead, Moriitl, Morris, Myers. O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, f'erham, 1'ike, l'lants.Price, WilliamH.Ran-
dall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, Sawyer,Schcnek,
Seotield, Sheilabargcr, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Ste-
vens, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aer-
niun, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, ElihuB. "Wash-
burne, William B.Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
AVhaley, Williams, James F. Wilson, StephenF. Wil-
son, Wiudom, and Woodbridge—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
CollVotb, Dawson, Demson, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Glider, Aaron Harding, Harris. Ilocrari, Edwin N.
Hubhcll, Jones, Kerr, Latham, Lc Blond, Marshall,
McCultough Nicholson, Noel], Samuel J. Randall,
Ritter. Rogers, Ross, ltousseau, Shanklin.Taber, Tay-
lor, Trimble, and Winfiekl—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Detos R. Ashley, Barker,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Brandegcc, Cbanler, Header W.
Clarke, Culver, Davis, Pcfrces, Eekley, Egglestou,
Uldridce, Finek, Griswold, llale, Henderson, Hotch-
kiss, James R. Hubbell, JamesM.Humphrey, -John-
son,-.Julian, Kasson, Mclndoe, MeKee, Moulton,
Newell, Niblick, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stil-
well, Strouse, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ilenry D. Washburn, and
Wright—i±.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Honse agreed to the resolution;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rolls of honor.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, sub-
i
mittedthe followingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Ketolved, That the Committee on Printing inquire
nto the expediency of printing for the use of the
House five thousand copies of the rolls of honor alld
other lists of soldiers buried in the national ceme-
teries and on battle-fields, now being published un-
der the direction of the Quartermaster Goneial.
district reform school.
Mr. BALDWIN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee for the District of
Columbia a bill to establish in the District of
Columbia a reform school for boys; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the committee.
metropolitan gas company.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Metropolitan
Gas Company; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to tho Committee for the
District of Columbia.
ann burnet.
Mr. NICHOLSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Ann Burnet,
widow of James Burnet, of Kent county, in
the State of Delaware; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
fortification bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in tho chair.) and resumed
the consideration of the special order, being
House bill No. 225, making appropriations for
the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1867.
Tho pending question was upon the follow-
ing amendment, offered by Mr. Farnsworth:
On page 1,line eight, strike out "fifty" and in-
sert "twenty-five," so that the paragraph will read:
For Fort Wayne, near Detroit, Michigan, $25,000.
The CHAIRMAN. _ The Committee of the
Whole, at its last sitting, found itself without
a quorum, whereupon it rose and reported the
fact to the House. The tellers—the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] and the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]—will please
resume their places.
Mr. BEAMAN. I hope that before the vote
is taken unanimous consent will be given for
the reading of a communication from General
Delafield, which I hold in my hand.
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be done at
the present time; the committee is dividing.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 21, noes 74.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read the following clause:
For Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York, $50,000.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I know that
it is a melancholy task, and one which I am
very reluctant to undertake, to suggest a reduc-
tion of these large appropriations, but still I
must express my conviction that an appropria-
tion of §50,000 at Oswego, or at tbe outlet of
Lake Champlain, as provided in the next item,
cannot be justified by any national necessity.
These are appropriations for fortifications on
the lakes. Now, sir, is anybody living in the
lake country in the least afraid of invasion from
Canada or elsewhere? Or if there be any such
fear, are fortresses at these particular places
good for anything except barracks for soldiers
and for storage of artillery and arms? What
is the defensive value of a few forts on that
vast line of frontier, where men can at any time
be marched around any particular point which
it may be desirable to avoid ? The chief de-
fense of this country consists in its brave men,
its trained and veteran soldiers, who can be
called forth at a moment's warning.
Hence, to my judgment, all these appropria-
tions, except for mere repairs, seem to be so
