1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3289
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The" amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eight hundred
and fifty-four, after the word "collected," I
move to insert "all penalties collected without
authority so as to read:
To remit, refund, and pay back all taxes errone-
ously or illegally assessed or collected, all penalties
collected without authority, and all taxes, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the nextclause of section
nine, as follows:
That section forty-eightbe amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inserting the follow-
ing: that all goods, wares, merchandise, articles, or
objects on which taxes arc imposed by the provisions
of law, which shall be found in the possession or cus-
tody or within the control of any person or persons,
lor the^urposo of beingsoldor removed by such per-
son or persons in fraud of the internal revenue laws,
or with design to avoid payment of said taxes, may
be seized by any collector or deputy collector, and tho
sswne shall bo forfeited to tho United States; and also
all raw materials found iu tho possession of any per-
son or persons intending to manufacture the samo
into articles of a kind subject to tax or duty under
this act, for the purpose of sellingsuch manufactured
articles in fraud of said laws, or with design to evado
the payment of said tax or duty; and also all tools,
implements, _ instruments, and personal property
whatsoever, in tho place or huiiding or within any
yard or inelosure where such articles or such raw
materials shall bo found, may also bo seized by any
collector or deputy collector, as aforesaid, and the
same shall bo forfeited as aforesaid; and the proceed-
ings to enforce said forfeiture shall bo in the nature
of a proceeding in rem in tho circuit or district court
of the United States for tho district whero such seiz-
ure is made, or in any other court of compotont ju-
risdiction. And any person who shall have-in his
custody or possession any such goods, wares, mer-
chandise, articles,or objects subject to tax as aforesaid,
for the purpose of selling the samo with the design
of Avoiding payment of tho tuxes imposed thereon,
shall bo liable to a penalty of $500, or not less than
double tho amount of taxes fraudulently attempted
to be evaded, to be recovered m any court of com-
petent jurisdiction; and tho goods, wares merchan-
dise, articles, or objects which shall bo so seized by
any collector or deputy collector may, at tho option
of the collector, be delivered to the marshal of said
district-, and remain in tho care and custody of said
marshal, and under his control until he shall obtain
possession by process of law, and tho cost of seizure
inado before process issues shall bo taxable by the
court: Provided, That when the property so seized
may be liable to perish or become greatly reduced in
price or value by keeping, or when it cannot be kept
without great expense, tho owner thereof, the col-
lector, or tho marshal of the district, may apply to
the assessor of tho district to examine said property;
and if, in the opinion of said assessor, it shall be
accessary that the said property should be sold to
prevent such waste or expense, he shall appraise the
same; and the owner thereupon shall have said prop-
erty returned to him upon giving bond m such form
as may be prescribed by the Commissioner ol Inter-
nal Revenue, and in an amount equal to tho appraised
value, with suehsurotiesas the said assessor shall deem
good and sufficient, to abido the final order, decree,
or judgment of the court having cognizance of tho
case, and to pay the amount of said appraised value
to the collector, marshal, or otherwise, as he may be
ordered and directed by tho court, which bond shall
be filed by said assessor with tho United .States dis-
trict attorney for the district in which said proceed-
ings in rem may be commenced: Provided further,
That m case said bond shall have been executed ami
the property returned boforc seizure thereof, by vir-
tue of the process aforesaid, tho marshal shall give
notice of the pendency of proceedings in court to the
parties executing said bond, by personal service or
publication, and in manner and form as the court
may direct, nnd the courtshall thereupon havojuris-
diction of said matter and parties in the same man-
ner as if such property had been seized by virtue of
thoprocess aforesaid. Iiut if said owncrshall neglect
or refuse to give said bond, the assessor shall issue to
tho collector or maishal afoic^aid an order to sell the
samo; and the said collector or marshal shall there-
upon advertise and sell the said property at public
auction in the same manner as goods may be sold on
final execution in said district; and the proceeds of
the sale, after deducting tho reasonable costs of the
seizure and sale,shall be paid to the court aforesaid,
to abide its final order, decree, or judgment.
^The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance to this clause was in line eight hun-
dred and eighty-seven to strike out the word
iL any" and insert the word "the'1 before
" collector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the words
" deputy collector," in line eight hundred and
eighty-eight, to insert "of the proper district
or by such other collector or deputy collector
as may be specially authorized by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue for that purpose."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and ninety-four, and also in line eight
hundred and ninety-six, to strike out the words
" or duty " after the word " tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line nine hundred
and nineteen- tho word "cost" should be
"costs."'
The-amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
< That sections fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-
six, fifty-seven, fifty-nino, sixty-two, sixty-three,
sixty-four, sixty-live, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-
eight, sixty-nine, and seventy, be, and tho samo aro
hereby, repealed, to tako offoct on tho 1st day of Sep-
tember, 18(36.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendments to this clause.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
That section scvonty-ono bo amended by striking
out all after tho enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof tho folio wing: that no person, firm, company,
or corporation shall bo engaged in, prosecute, or carry
on any tiade, business, or profession, hereinafter men-
tioned and described, until hoorthey shall havopaid
a special tax therefor in tho manner hereinafter pro-
vided.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this clause.
_ The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
That section seventy-two be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof tho following: that every person, firm, com-
pany, or corporation engaged in any trade, business,
or profession, on which a special tax is imposed by
law, shall register with tho assistant assessor of the
assessment district, first, his or their name or stylo,
and in case of a firm or company, the names of tho
several persons constituting such firm or company,
and their places of residence,; second, the trade, busi-
ness, or profession, and the placo whero such trade,
business, or profession is to bo carried on; third, if
a rectifier, the nuinbei of barrels he designs to rec-
tify; if a peddler, whether ho designs to travel on
foot or with one, two, or more horses or mules; if an
inn-keeper, the ycarlyiental value of the house and
property to be occupied for&aid purpose. All of which
fads shall ho returned duly certified by such assistant
assessor, both to iho assessor and collector of tho dis-
trict ; and the special tax j^hallbe paid to the collector
or deputy collector of tho district as hereinafter pro-
vided for such trade, business, or profession.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to add to the end of the clause Hie
words, "who shall give a receipt therefor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line nine hundred
and eighty-four the words "both to" should
be transposed, it should read, 44 to both the
assessor and collector of the district."
The amendment was agreed to.'
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
That section twenty-three be amended by striking
out ail aftei tho enacting clauso and inserting inliou
thereof tho following: that any one who shall exer-
cise or carry on any trade, business, or profession, or
do any act hereinafter mentioned, for 1 lie exorcising,
carrying on, or doing of which a special tax is imposed
by this act, without payment thereof as in that be-
half required, shall, ior every such oflense, besides
being liable to the payment of the tax, bo subject to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding two year?, or
a lino not oxeeeding $.">00, or both, and such lino shall
bo distributed between the United States and the
informer, if there be any, as provided by law.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this clause.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
Tiiat section scvenfy-four be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in
lieu thereof the following; that the receipt for the
payment of any "Special tax shall contain and set
forth the purpose, trade, business, or profession for
which such tax is paid, and the name and place of
abode ot the pcison or persons paving the same; if
by a rectifier, the quantity of spirits intended to be
rectified; if by a peddler, whether for traveling on
foot, or with one, or two, oi mom horses or mules,
the time forwhieh payment is made, the date or time
of payment, and (except in the case of auctioneers,
produce biokers, commercial brokers, patent-right
dealers, photographers, builders, insuranco agents
insurance brokers, and peddlers,) the place at which
the trade, business or piofe^ion for which the taxis
paid shall be carried on: Provided, That the payment
of the special tax herein imposed shall not exempt
from an additional special tax the person or per-
sons, (except lawyers, physicians, surgeons, dentists,
cattle brokers horse d< alois peddlers, produce bro-
kers^ommercial brokers, patent-right dealers, pho-
tographers, builders, insurance agents, insurance
brokers, and auctioneers.) or firm, company, or cor-
poration doing business in any other placo than that
stated; but nothing heroin contained shall require a
spccial tax for tho storage of goods, wares, or mer-
chandise in othor places than the placo of busiuess,
nor for tho sale by manufacturers or producers of
their own goods, wares, and merchandise at the place
of production or manufacture, and at their principal
office or place of business, provided no goods, wares,
or merchandise shall be kept for sale at said offico-
And overy person exercising or carrying on any trade,
business, or profession, or doing any act for which a
special tax is imposed, shall, on demand of any offi-
cer of internal revenue, produce and exhibit the re-
ceipt for payment of the tax, and unless he shall do
so may be taken and deemed not to have paid such
tax. And incase any peddler shall refuse to exhibit
his or her receipt, as aforesaid, when demanded by
any officer of internal revenue, said officer may seize
tho horse or mule, wagon and contents, orpack, bun-
dle, or basket of any person so refusing, and tho as-
sessor of tho district in which tho seizure has occurred
may,on ten days'notice, published in any newspaper
in tho district, or served personally on tho peddler,
orat his dwelling-house, require such peddler to show
cause, if any ho has, why tho horses or mules, wagon
aud contents, pack, bundle, or basket so seized shall
not bo forfeited; and in case no sufficient cause is
shown, tho assessor may direct a forfeiture, and issue
an order to the collector or to auy deputy collector
of tho district for tho sale of tho property ho for-
feited; and the same, after payment of the expenses
of tho proceedings, shall bo paid to tho collector for
tho uso of tho United States. And all such spccial
taxes shall beeomo due on tho 1st day of May in each
year, or on commencing any trade, business, or pro-
fession upon which such tax is by law imposed. In
the former ease tho tax shall bo reckoned for ono
year, and in tho latter ease proportionally for that
part of the year from tho 1st day of the month in
which the liability to a special tax commenced, to
tho lat day of May following.
The committee proposed to amend this clause
in line ten hundred and thirty, by striking out
after the word "kept" the words "for sale,"
and in the same line, after the word " office,"
inserting " or place of business."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the nextclause of section
nine, as follows;
That section scvonty-fivo be amended by striking
out all alter the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof tho following : tnat upon the doath of any
person having paid the special tax for any trade,
business, or profession, it may and shall be lawful for
the executors or administrators, or tho wife or child,
or tho legal representatives of such deceased person,
to occupy tho house or premises, and in like manner
to exercise or carry on, for the residue ot the term
for which tho tax shall havo been paid, the samo
trade, business, or profession, in or upon tho samo
house or premises as tho deceased before exorcised
or carried on, without payment of any additional tax.
And in caso of tho removal of any person or persons
Irom the house or premises tor which any trade, busi-
ness, or profession was taxed, it shall be lawful for
the person or persons so removing to any other placo,
to carry on the trade, business, or profession speci-
fied in the tax receipt at the place to which such per-
son or poisons may remove without payment of any
additional tax: Provided, That all cases of death,
change, or removal, as aforesaid, shall bo registered
with the assistant assessor, together with the name
or names of the person or persons making such change
or removal, or successor to any person deceased, un-
der regulations to be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance to this clause was in line ten hundred
and sixty-eight, after the word "profession,"
to strike out the words " in or upon the same
house or promises," and in line ten hundred
and sixty-nine, after the words " carried on,"
to insert the words "in or upon the same
houses or premises."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hundred
and seventy-nine, after the words "assistant
assessor," to insert "and with the collector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
That section seventy-six be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting m lieu
thercofthe following, that in evcryeasewhere moro
than one of the pursuits, employments, or occupa-
tions, hereinafter described,shall be puisued or car-
ried on m the samo place by the same poison at the.
same time, except as hereinafter provided, the fax
must be paid for each according to the rates severally
prescribed: Provided, That in citics and towns having
a less population than six thousand persons accord-
ing to the last preceding census, ono spccial tax shall
be held to embrace tho business of land-warrant
brokers, claim agents, and real estate agents, upon
payment of tho highest rate of tax applicable to either
one of said pursuits.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to this clause, in line ten hundred
and ninety to strike out the word "must"
and insert "shall."
The amendment was agreed to.
