1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to
say that this bill does not increase salaries.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It does
not increase the salary at Boston.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If a point of order
will carry this bill to the Committee of the
Whole I make that point of order.
The SPEAKER. It is too late now to make
the point of order. The bill has been debated.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say, in reply to the remarks of my colleague,
[Mr. Eliot,] in reference to the port of Corpus
Christi, that the Treasury Department have
come to an entirely different conclusion from
that to which he lias arrived. The port of Corpus
Christi has a very large and constantly increas-
ing trade. Business there has been very much
incommoded from the fact that there is no cus-
tom-house or port, of entry within, I believe,
one hundred and fifty miles, the nearest port
of entry being, I think, at the mouth of the
Rio Grande river. The merchandise entered
at Corpus Christi is principally for the supply
of the interior provinces of Mexico. A con-
siderable portion of the river, forming a bend
around, is within one hundred miles, or per-
haps less, of Corpus Christi ; so that the in-
ternal provinces of Mexico are much more
xeadity reached from Corpus Christi than from
the port of entry near the mouth of the Rio
Grande.
The Senate committee have examined this
subject carefully and have adopted the recom-
mendation of the Treasury Department in favor
of a port of entry at Corpus Christi. Accord-
ing to the information of the committee, one
single house at that place does a business of
over two million dollars annually'in supplying
the interior provinces of Mexico.
Mr. ELIOT. If my colleague will permit
me, I desire to say that the same considera-
tions which he has urged have been taken into
account by the Committee on Commerce of this
House. A careful examination hasbeen given
to the subject, and it has been found to be the
fact that, whereas it may by and by be impor-
tant for the public interests that there should
be a port of entry at Corpus Christi, it is now
important mainly on private account. There
are, undoubtedly, strong private interests in-
volved in the creation of a port of entry there
at, this time ; and if the House is disposed to
legislate for the benefit of those private inter-
ests it may be well enough to pass the bill in
its present form. If my colleague will con-
-sent, I move that the provision with reference
to a port of entry at Corpus Christi be stricken
out.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to suggest that in the fourth section, in the pro-
vision with reference to deputy naval officers,
there is an omission, doubtless unintentional,
of Philadelphia.
Mr. MOOllHEAD. I wish to ask my col-
league [Mr. Randall] whether in this sugges-
tion he is taking carc of a -constituent of mine,
recently appointed to the collector's office in
Philadelphia.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
nothing to do with the gentleman's constitu-
ents. I am seeking to legislate for the coun-
try, not for any party or district.
'Mr. FARNSWORTH. As this bill appears
to bo a private affair among a few gentlemen,
I will move, if it be in order, that it be laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooter] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
(hat the amendments bo read, and after that I
shall demand the previous question.
The amendments were read, as follows:
After the words " San Francisco " insert the words
" and of the appr.iiscis at the ports of Boston, Phila-
delphia, and Baltimore."
After the words "per annum" insert the words
" and the custom-house weighers at the ports of Bos-
ton. Philadelphia, and Baltimore, S2.000 perannum."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. By a bill
reported from the Committee on Commerce
the pay of the appraisers and weighers at New
York has been increased, the salary of the-
latter being raised to $2,500. We propose by
this bill to give the weighers at these principal
ports $2,000. I call the previous question.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
upon the table; and it was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments of the Committee of "Ways
and Means were then adopted.
On ordering the bill as amended to a third
reading the House divided; and there were—
ayes 38, noes 86; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Eldiudge were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 59, noes 34.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative to
make a quorum.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
The bill was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
The previous questiou was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
eleven, not one fifth of those present.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded tellers
on the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-three, more than one fifth of
those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 51, nays 49, not vot-
ing 86; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Anderson, Banks,
Barker, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Conkling, Dawes,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Glossbrcnncr, Higby,
Holmes, Hooper, Chester D.Hubbard, John H.Hub-
bard, Jcnckes, Johnson, Kolley, Kerr, Kuykendall,
Latlin, Latham, Maynard, McCullough, Meiluer,
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, Niblack, Nichol-
son, O'Neill, lta.dford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,
Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, and Win-
field—51. ^ ,,
NAYS — Messrs. Baker, Ben.iamin, Bromwell,
Broomall, Cobb,.Cullom, Defreos, Bgglcston.Eldridge,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck, Aaron
Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hayes, .Tames It. Hub-
bell, Julian, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Lynch, McClurg, Mcrcur,
Perham, Phelps, Plants, Price, John H. Itice, Hitter
son, Windom, and Wright—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Delos L.
Ashley, J"amcs M. Ashley, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boycr, Brandegoe, Buckland,
Bundy, (Jtnmler, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Cooper, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Del-
ano, Doming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Duinont, Gar-
field, Goodyear, Grider, Grmnell. Griswokl, TIalo,
Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
boll, Ilutburd, Humphrey, Ingcrsoll, Jones, Kajson,
Kelso, Ketcbam, Leftwicli, I.ongyear, Marshall, Mar-
ston, Marvin, Mclndoc, McK.ee, Morns, Moulton,
Newell, Noell, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Pike, Pomcroy,
William II.Randall, Ross, Schenck, Sitgreavcs, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Up-
son, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Wasnburne,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Whalcy,
Stephen F.Wilson, and Woodbridee—86.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, withdrew
his motion.
house reporters.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution in behalf of those who work
the hardest of all the persons who work in
this House, the Congressional Globe reporters,
and to serve them as we have_served all others:
Resolved, That there bo paid out of the contingent
fund to each of the reporters employed in reporting
the proceedings of the House the present session foif
the Congressional Globs an amount equal tcf the aM-
nual increase of compensation allowed during the
present session to the assistant disbursing clerk.
There was no objection.
Theresolution was then unanimously adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider"the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table. -
The latter motion was agreed to.
pensions.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to grant pensions to
certain persons in East Tennessee ; which was
read a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
clerk to sergeant-at-arms.
Mr. ANDERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Accounts:
Jleiolved, That the temporary clerk in the office of
the Scrgeant-at-Arms be placed on the roll as a reg-
ular clerk in that oilico at the compensation he now
receives.
american citizens in europe.
Mr. STROUSE. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be instructed
to issuo such orders and instructions to our ministers,
charges d'affaires, and consuls, as may be necessary
for the protection of American citizens and Ameri-
can interests on the continent of Europo during the
progress of the existing war between the empire of
Austria, the kingdom of Italy, the kingdom ol' Prus-
sia, and the States of tho German Zollverein.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
message i'rom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed House bill No. 791, to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending June 30, 186(3, and for other
purposes, with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendment of the House to Senate joint reso-
lution No. 131, for the temporary relief of the
sufferers by the late fire in Portland, in the
State of Maine.
On motion of Mr. KASSON, the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
enrolled bills.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 795) to authorize the
entry and clearance of vessels at the port of
Calais, Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 701) authorizing the re-
imbursement to the Territory of Nebraska of
certain expenses incurred in repelling Indian
hostilities;
An act (II. R. No. 422) for the relief of
Mrs. Ann E. Smoot, widow of Captain Joseph
Smoot; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 164) for the
relief of Fontaine T. Fox., jr.
enkokcembnt ol" tiie rules.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I rise to a question
of privilege. I give notice that from and after
one o' clock I shall call for the enforcement of
the rule about outside persons occupying mem-
bers' seats, and also the enforcement of all the
rules of the House.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War in reply
to a resolution of the House of the 2ith instant,
requesting information in regard to the dis-
charge of' certain California volunteers sta-
tioned in the Territories; which was laid on
tho table and ordered to be printed.
Also a communication from the Sccrctary of
War in reply to a resolution of the Housa of
