1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
ment this debate hinges, Mr. Jefferson said,
more than half a century since:
" "Whatever bo their degree of talent, it i.-: no meas-
ure of their rights."
I beg the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Sir.
Boyer, ] who painted so darkly the poverty and
ignorance of the colored men of this District,
to consider this pregnant sentence from the pen
of him who is justly reverenced as the great
apostle of popular Democracy.
This cry of poverty and ignorance is not new.
I remember that those who first followed the
Son of man, the Saviour of the -world, were not
the learned rabbis, not the enlightened scholar,
not the rich man or the pious Pharisee. They
were the poor and needy, the peasant and the
fisherman. I remember, also, that the more
learned the slaveholder the greater "the rebel.
I remember that no black skin covered so false
a heart or misdirected brain, that when the ra-
dian! banner of our nationality wasnearorbofore
him, he did not understand its meaning and re-
main loyal to its demands. The man capable
of taking care of himself, of wife and children,
and in addiliou by his unrequited toil to hold
up his oppressor, must have intelligence enough
in the long run to wield the highest means of
protection we can give.
But, sir, it is for our benefit, as well as for
the benefit of the proscribed class, that I vote
for and support impartial manhood suffrage in
this District. We cannot afford as a mil ion to
keep any class ignorant, or oppress the weak.
AVc must establish here republican government.
That which wrongs one man in the end recoils
on the many. Sir. if we accept, as the Repub-
lican party of the Union, our true position and
our duty, we shall nobly win. If we are false
and recreant, we shall miserably fail. Let us
have faith in the people and the grand logic
of a mighty revolution, und dare to do right.
Class legislation will be the inevitable result of
class power; and what would follow, so far as
the colored race are concerned, let the recent
tragedy of Jamaica answer.
Sir, it is the foundation of my political faith,
as it was the faith of Washington and Jefferson
and Madison, and of (hose who fought with
them for the republican idea, that the sovereign
power of this Government belongs to all, and
not a part, of the American people. The right
of all men who come within the province of the
national authority to a voice in public aflairs is
as sacred as the rights of human nature them-
selves, or the laws of God. If the atrocious sen-
timents daily enunciated on the other side of
this House by the representatives of modern
Democracy are to prevail, then I see but little
hope for the perpetuity and welfare of repub-
lican institutions in America. The maxim of
our fathers, thatl' Governments derive their just
powers from the consent of the governed,'' had
belter be stricken from the immortal Declaration
of Independence if this nation is to assent in any
way to the monstrous fallacy of the Dred Seolt
decision, and the corresponding assaults upon
the rights of humanity so boldly enunciated by
the gentleman from New Jersey early in this
debate, and so readily received and indorsed
by the party he represents.
Mr. Speaker, I arraign the arguments and
the policy of the Democratic Representatives
upon this lloor as a despotic and malignant as-
sault upon the masses of the American peo-
ple, upon their liberties and their rights. This
Dred Scott policy ought to have died with irs
author, and been consigned to that "eveilastiug
infiii!! v'' with which posterity will surely receive
so foul a stain upon the records of American
jurisprudence. It may be fitting, however, that
in its passage to the tomb it should be nursed
and eulogized bv a political party which but
recently declared the late war for the Union a
failure, invited an armistice with the assassins of
the national life, resisted the filling up of our
armies, incited riots in our great cities, and gave
all the weight of party influence to the enemies
of the country in the hours of national peril and
disaster, l^ay, sir, it may be fitting that this
dictum of a pro-slavery judge, this judicial-po-
litical outrage, should be reiterated and defended
by such a party as now seeks to make lawgivers
of rebels, establish an oligarchy in the place of
republicanism, andplacethe control oftlie Gov-
ernment of the nation in the hands of the few
at the expense of the many.
But I do not stop here. The principles in-
volved in the arguments put forth on the other
side of the House are not alone destructive to
the rights of the defenseless, intelligent, and
patriotic colored men of this District, bu-t they
militate with a double effect and stronger pur-
pose against the poor whites of the North and
of the South, against the German, the Irishman,
and the poor and oppressed of every race, who
come to our shores to escape the oppression of
despotic Governments, and to seek the protec-
tion of a Go\ernmcrit the true theory of which
reposesin every citizen a portion of its sovereign
power. Against this attempt to den) or abridge
m any way the rights of the weak, the poor, and
the defenseless, and to transfer the governing
power of the nation to the favored classes, to
the rich and the powerful, and thus change the
very purpose and principles of our republican
system, I protest, in the name of constitutional
freedom, and in behalf of'equal rights and equal
laws.
I protest against this stealthy innovation upon
popular rights, in the name of the toiling mil-
lions of the land; and I warn the House and
the country of the untold mischief and disaster
which must come to distract and divide the Re-
public in the future, if we follow f he pernicious
and destructive doctrines founded upon either
the prejudices of ela.ss, caste, wealth, or power.
1 protest in the name of a constituency whose
early history was a sublime und persistent strug-
gle against the prejudices of pampered and
arrogant ruffianism at home, and the worse
than ruffian spirit of the Administrations of
Picrec and Buchanan, and the Democratic trai-
tors who at thai time constituted a majority of
this House, and were engaged in preparingthc
nation for its harvest of blood. We must go
back to the spirit and purposes of the founders
of our Government,. We must accept the grand
logic of the mighty revolution from which we
are now emerging. We must, repudiate, now
and forever, these assaults upon the masses of
the people, and upon the fundamental princi-
ples of popular rights. I accept in their full
force and effect, the principles of the Decla-
ration of Independence, and by constitutional
amendment and law of Congress I would
stamp them with irrevocable power upon the
political escutcheon of the new and regenerated
Ucpublie. I would avoid the mistakes of the
past, audi would spurn that cringing timidity
by which, through all history, liberty lias been
sacrificed and humanity betrayed.
Sir, I he.iitafe not to sav that if we do not
gatherup, in the proecs 5 of national reconstruc-
tion, the enduring safeguards of future peace,
we shall bo false to our history and unniind
ful of the grand responsibilities now devolv-
ing upon us. The establishment of impartial
suffrage in this District will be a titling com-
mencement of the work. It will be hailed by
the friends of freedom everywhere as a return
to a policy of national justice too long delajed.
In behalf of the State I have the honor to rep- j
t'fsenl, and upon wdiosc soil this contest for a
larger liberty and a nobler nationality was first,
submitted to the arbitrament, of arms, 1 hail
this measure with feelings of satisfaction and
pride. It is the legitimate result of the courage
and fidelity oftlie hardy pioneers of Kansas in
who dared to face the blandishment of
power and the arrogance and brutality of sla-
very when compromisers trembled, and north-
ern sycophants of an oligarchic despotism, then,
as now, scowled and fretted at the progress of
free principles.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I had not
intended to participate in the discussion of the
propositions embraced in this bill. It had not
occurred fo me there was saeh a diversity of
opinion on the question of suffrage in this eonn-
; try. I had supposed the American svstem of
j popular Government was hO well..settled and
i so clearly defined that the debate on this bill ,
would range itself on either side of the ques-
tion whether the elective franchise is a natural
or acquired right; that those who hold the doc-
trinc that this is a natural and inalienable right
which belongs to all men who inhabit a country
controlled by one Government, would be found
advocating this measure on that principle, while
those who hold the other doctrine would be found
contending that the elective franchise is an ele-
ment of popular government, to be controlled
only bythose to whom such Government belongs;
and then T expected, out of so large, respectable,
and intelligent a body of men, there would bo one
or two at least who would refer to the free and
equal clause of the Declaration of Independ-
ence, while the great mass of debate would be
directed to the question of expediency involved
in the proposition, now for the first time in the
history of the Federal Government seriously
entertained, of extending it by Federal author-
ity to a race of men who, whatever may be
their claim to the protection of life, liberty,
property, and the pursuit of happiness under
this Government, have no claim whatever fo
the ordering, management, direction, control,
and administration of tlic Government itself.
L expected that those who contend that all men
who inhabit a country controlled by a popular
Government have an inalienable right to con-
trol, direct, and administer that Government,
would favor this bill, and I amwillingto accord
to that class of its advocates the entire consist-
ency of their course.
1 have neither the time nor the inclination
now to take up the various arguments and rea-
sons that gcntlemenhave assigned for the course
they propose to lake, and attempt to expose
t heir fallacy or answer them in detail. I prefer
to meet the question squarely, and leave others
to elaborate it-
Some portions, of this country seemed a little
shocked when my distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Ktkvoxx,] a few weeks ago, opened his bat-
teries with sueh terrible fury against the doc-
trine that this is a white man's Government.
Many advocates of negro sulliage affected to
treat, his doctrines as absurd, and he him-
self, with very becoming modesty, disclaimed
any intent ion of leading the Republican party,
or it being responsible for what he said; but
they little knew what lie knows so well, that
unless that doctrine is utterly and entirely de-
molished, the claim of the negro race in this
country to have the elective franchise conferred
upon it by Federal authority is without any
foundation in right and justice.
Ours is a popular Government, a representa-
tive democracy. It is republican in form. Our
fathers made it what it is so far as its form is
concerned. They framed the States together
into one common Union, and whatever theories
may have prevailed before the war, that tribu-
nal has given its irreversible decision that from
this Union no State can either secede or be ex-
pelled.
This country is now under one Government.
It, was not so before the Union under the Con-
stitution, or at furthest, before the Confedera-
tion. In the. days of the colonies there were
several Governments in this country. Alhvere
founded by white men, men of the European
race. White men discovered the country, or-
ganized and established these Governments, and
the Governments so established by them were
their own as much as the country they inhab-
ited or the soil they tilled. In the course of
time they changed the form, but never parted
with their right to control and administer the
Governmenfas against all other races of man-
kind.
So far from being a discoverer of this country,
the negro is not even an immigrant. He is not
here of his own free will and accord. Hon ever
wrong it may have been to thus force him from
his own country and make him a stranger in a
strange land, it was nevertheless done, and all
the rights that he by bis presence here eonlij
acquire are those which have been graciously
extended to hiin. Ir. Im eiy they were vt ry
few as esaii.st the v. hoe man. audio his freedom
ihev are, uo more than have been granted,
39tet CoNtt. 1st
--No. 50
