1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2329
this floor. But strange enough, after he had
gone through with the advantages of naviga-
tion and pointed out the fact that we had to
give three bushels of our corn to get one to
market, he had nothing in his river andliar-
bor bill for the improvement of _the_ Illinois
river, one of the great arteries which is neces-
sary to .complete this line of communication
around the Niagara falls, so that the people
of New England who have been fed on cod-
fish and herring may be furnished with the
corn, pork, and beef of the western States.
[Laughter.]
Sir, in my judgment this is a measure that
should commend itself to the House. It is said
to be a war measure. "Well, it may be neces-
sary as a precautionary measure. It may be
proper in view of the contingency of a war, but
I do not regard it in that aspect. I am not in
favor of the proposition now pending before
the House to create a large standing array at
enormous expense to the pepple. This is a
very different measure. Gentlemen could vote
this morning eleven or twelve millions for the
Freedmen's Bureau easily enough, but when
youask foraloan of $0,000,000 tomakeagreat
national work in which the whole people, con-
sumers and producers, are equally interested,
constitutional objections spring up at once,
My worthy friend from New York [Mr. Wakd]
wanted to strike out this appropriation of
$6,000,000 for this great national work, but he
had no objection to eleven or twelve millions
for the Freedmen's Bureau.
If my friend from New York [Mr. Van
Horn] who has this bill in charge will only
infuse a little vigor in it there will bo no diffi-
culty in its passing the House. But because
it is a measure in behalf of the farmers, the
producers and consumers of the country, _ I
fear that it may receive the cold shoulder in
this Congress. I trust that the time has come
when those who represent the great Northwest,
which has been talked so much about here,
will come to the rescue of her interest, and
show by their votes that they are in truth in
favor of a measure of this character.
In my judgment, this will never be any bur-
den upon the Treasury of the United States.
If I understood the amendment which was
offered this morning, it proposes that the Gov-
ernment shall receive ten per cent, of the gross
earnings of this canal. If such is the case
most unquestionably every one who. is con-
versant with the vast amount of business which
will necessarily be done upon a canal of this
character will know that the Government will
be amply remunerated for every dollar that it
shall expend in aid of this work.
I know there are interests adverse to meas-
ures of this character. But they come from
Buffalo; they come, perhaps, from interested
individuals in the State of New York who de-
sire to impede the commerce and trammel the
prosperity of the country.
Mr. DRIGGS. I am disposed to favor this
bill, for I regard this as a great national meas-
ure. I recollect that last year when the Gov-
ernment built one of the cutters ordered for
the lakes, after it had been completed at Os-
wego, they were not allowed to take it through
the Welland canal. I have only to say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] that while he
opposed the Northern Pacific railroad the other
day because it passed through certain locali-
ties, he favors this one because he considers
it may promote the interests of his own par-
ticular locality. I favor it, as I believe all the
members from Michigan will do, because I
consider it a great national measure.
Air. HARDING, of Illinois. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Van Horn,] I will say that I am decidedly in
favor of improving the great natioifal high-
ways of the country; and I deem the proposed
canal by which it is proposed to avoid the
obstructions of Niagara falls to be one of that
character. I had at first intended to oppose
this bill, because I am opposed to appropria-
tion of moneys by Congress to the use and ben-
efit of corporations, But a provision has been
inserted in the bill by which Congress is em-
powered to regulate the rates of tolls and
charges upon this proposed canal, to the end
that to the extent of the contribution of the
General Government this canal shall be free
to the people, of the United States. I shall
therefore vote for the bill, and forego the op-
position which I had intended to make to it.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. _ I now
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. I merely want to say that
I regard this bill as constitutional, not un-
der the war power particularly, but under the
power in the Constitution to regulate com-
merce between the States. Although the pro-
posed canal is entirely within the limits of one
State, the commerce which it is to convey is
between a great number of separate States;
therefore I have no difficulty in _ overcoming
any difficulty or scruple about internal im-
provements ; especially when I find the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] overriding
his old prejudices and his old constitutional
objections against works of internal improve-
ment by the General Government.
I shall go for this measure, as I did for one
the other day which was intended to bring to
the East the products of the great West. It
will take some time to build this canal; and
before it is built this great Northern Pacific
railroad will have settled and brought under
cultivation millions of acres of our land_, which
will send its produce down Lake Superior and
the other groat lakes, and there must be some
outlet provided for it; for the canals now made
cannot carry the present commerce of the coun-
try. And that railroad bill will pass before many
days.
Now, I beseech the gentlemen from Illinois,
who had such strong constitutional objections
to the Pacific railroad bill, to give up _ their
objections and go for this bill. And if we
could persuade the members from Illinois and
the members from Wisconsin and my friend
who lives in Cleveland, that beautiful city upon
the lakes, [Mr. Spalding,] to give up their
scruples, we might carry the bill through the
House. I dopraythattheywilllayasidethose
prejudices or that they will no longer exist.
I am glad my friend from Illinois [Mr. Hard-
ing] who has just spoken has yielded his preju-
dices for a moment to the convincing argument
of (he gentleman upon the other side, [Mr.
Ross,] who seems to have forgotten his prin-
ciples of yesterday. And I am glad that he
has, and I only hope he will never remember
them again. And I should be glad if my friend
from the Pittsburg district [Sir. Moomiead]
and others in his neighborhood would forego
their prejudices and vote for this bill.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I will.
Mr. STEVENS. He says he will. I tell
you the millennium day is coming, [laughter;]
blind eyes are opened, and deaf ears are un-
stopped, [renewed laughter,] and Idonotknow
where this blaze of glory will end.
I know the gentleman from the Galena dis-
trict [Mr. Washburn*:] would like to see this
bill pass if it is likely to do any good. But
his record is such that it is impossible for him
to do anything but make a short speech against
it. And if he should speak against it, it would
be in a voice of thunder, denouncing the terri-
ble extravagance of those who thus vote away
the public money merely to improve the conn-
try for the present generation and for future
ages.
I trust, sir, that this bill may pass. I sup-
port it with sincerity. I believe it contemplates
a great and a good work. If it were defeated
I should grieve, if it were only on account of
the noble man who has it in charge and who
never fails to act liberally.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I yield
the remainder of my time to my colleague, [Mr.
Raymond.]
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, m view of
what has just been said, it is perhaps proper
that I should congratulate myself, m common
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens]—and' I believe we are the only two
members of the House of whom, this can be
said—that we have not, upon this or any other
subject, any prejudice whatever that we can be
called upon to surrender. [A laugh.J _ There-
fore we shall vote together on this bill.
He is situated somewhat differently from
myself in this regard. I come from the city
of New York, where,in common with the great
portion of the northern Atlantic sea-boararour
interest is to procure cheap food; and that will
as time rolls on become more and more the
great interest of all the northeastern States.
On the contrary the interest of the great West,
which is becoming more and more the'grain-
producing portion of this continent, is to
obtain access to those who wish to purchase
the food which the western States have to
sell. This project is part of a grand scheme
of works upon which this Congress must at
some day or other enter, to facilitate com-
munication between the grain-producing and
the grain-consuming portions ot this country.
As a measure looking toward this great object
I favor the bill now before us.
I beg leave to say, furthermore, that I shall,
to the extent of my ability, favor every meas-
ure that may be brought before the House pro-
posing to facilitate communication between the
great West and the Atlantic sea-board, and fall-
ing within what I may deem the scope of the
constitutional provisions on the subject. In
my judgment the facilitating of all such com-
munications, the cheapening of food for the
East by opening communications with the mar-
kets of the great West, is hereafter to be one
of the great works to which this Government is
to give its attention.
The eastern portion of the country is drifting
rapidly into the condition in which England,
found herself before the repe'al of the corn laws.
At the time of the adoption of the repealing
act, her protective policy which she had pursued
for centuries was abandoned under the pressure
of the great and paramount necessity of obtain-
ing cheap food for her people. That necessity
broke down her prejudices, reversed her settled
policy, and inaugurated an entire change in the
whole course of her legislation. A similar
occurrence must sooner or later take place with
respect to the eastern portion of this continent.
Whatever, therefore, tends to facilitate com-
munication between these two great sections
of the country, tends to consolidate—not to
reconstruct, for it is not needed in that regard,
but to consolidate—the Union of the States,
and make that Union perpetual, because it
tends to make it one in interest, as it will be
one in destiny.
1 have not examined this bill, so far as its
details are concerned, with any care: but I
have the greatest confidence in the committee
which has had it in charge, and in my col-
league, [Mr. Van Horn,] who has taken it
under his particular supervision.
Mr. DELANO. As the gentleman says he
has not examined the bill in its details, will he
permit me to call liis attention to one of its
features?
Mr. RAYMOND. Yes, sir.
Mr. DELANO. Does the gentleman know
how much money the bill proposes to take out
of the Treasury?
Mr. RAYMOND. If I am correctly in-
formed, it proposes to take no money out of
the Treasury; but it proposes to lend the credit
of the Government to the extent of $6,000,000;
and I beg to say that I consider it in that re-
gard the best appropriation of §6,000,000 upon
which this Congress will be able to congratu-
late itself.
Mr. DELANO. Is the gentleman aware that
one of the sections of the bill looks directly to
the Government assuming the whole thing after
the company has been permitted to go on bor-
rowing at the rate of ten per cent, interest i
Has the gentleman looked at the details ot
this monstrous measure at all? I do not be-
lie'\ e he has ; nor do I believe that ths House
understands what it is about to do tn .ke pas-
sage of the bill.
