3290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
The next clause was read, as follows:
That section seventy-seven be amended by strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause and inserting in
lieu thereof the following: that no auctioneer shall,
by virtue of having paid the special tax as an auc-
tioneer, sell any goods or other property at private
sale, nor shall he employ any other person to act as
auctioneer in his behalf, except in his own store or
warehouse or in his presence; and any auctioneer
who shall sell goods or commodities otherwise than
by auction, without having paid the special tax im-
posed upon such business, shall be subject and liable
to the penalty^ imposed upon persons dealing in or
retailing, trading, or selling goods or commodities
without payment of the special tax for exercising or
carrying on such trade or business; and where goods
or commodities are the property of any person or per-
sons taxed to deal in or retail, or trade in or sell
the same, it shall and may be lawful for any person
exercising or carrying on the trade or business of
an auctioneer to sell such goods or commodities for
and on behalf of such person or persons in said house
or premises.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this clause.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
That section seventy-eight be amended by striking
out all after the cn acting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that any number of persons,
except lawyers, conveyancers, claim agents, patent
agents, physicians, surgeons, dentists, cattle brokers,
horse dealers, and peddlers, doing business in copart-
nership at any one place, shall be required to pay
but one special tax for such copartnership.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this clause.
The Secretary read the first item of the next
clause of section nine, as follows:
That section seventy-nine be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that a special tax shall be,
and hereby is, imposed as follows, that is to say:
1. Banks chartered or organized under a general
law with a capital not exceeding S50,000, and bankers
using or employing a capital not exceeding the sum
of §50,000, shall pay $100; when exceeding $50,000,
for every additional $1,000 in excess of $50,000, two
dollars. Every incorporated or other bank, and
every person, firm, or company having a place of
business where credits are opened by the deposit or
collection of money or currency, subject to be paid
or remitted upon draft, check, or order, or where
money is advanced or loaned on stocks, bonds, bul-
lion, bills of exchange, or promissory notes, or whero
stocks, bonds, bullion, bills of exchange, or promis-
sory notes are received for discount or for sale, shall
be regarded as a bank or as a banker under this act:
Provided,, That any savings bank having no capital
stock, ana whose business is confined to receiving
deposits and loaning or investing the same for the
benefit of its depositors, and which does no other
business of banking, shall not be subject to this tax.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The next item was read, as follows:
2. Wholesale dealers, whose annual sales do not
exceed $50,000, shall pay fifty dollars; and if their
annual sales exceed $50,000, for every additional
SI,000 m cxcess of $50,000, they shall pay one dollar;
and the amount of all sales within tne year beyond
650,000 shall be returned monthly to the assistant as-
sessor, and the tax on sales in excess of $50,000 shall
be assessed bythcassessors and paid monthly as other
monthly taxes arc assessed and paid. Every person
shall be regarded as a wholesaledcalerunder thisact
whose business it is, for himself or on commission, to
sell or offer to sell any goods, wares, or merchandise
of foreign _ or domestic production, not including
wines, spirits, or malt liquors, whose annual sales ex-
ceed $25,000. And the payment of the special tax as
a wholesale dealer shall not exempt any such person
acting as a commercial broker from the payment of
the special tax imposed upon commercial brokers:
Provided, That no person paying the special tax as a
wholesale dealer in liquors shall be required to pay an
additional special tax on account of the sale of other
goods, wares, or merchandise on the same premises:
And provided further, That, in estimating the amount
of sales for the purposes of this section, any sales
made by or through another wholesale dealer on
commission shall not be again estimated and in-
cluded as sold by the party for whom the sale vras
made.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The next item was as follows:
3. Retail dealers shall pay ten dollars. Every per-
son whose business or occupation it is to sell or offer
for sale any goods, wares, or merchandise of foreign
or domestic production, not including spirits, wines,
ale, beer, or other malt liquors, and wnose annual
sales exceed $1,000 and do not exceed $25,000, shall
be regarded as a retail dealer under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The next item was as follows:
4. Wholesale dealers in liquors whose annual sales
do not exceed $50,000 shall pay $100, and if exceeding
$50,00o, for every additional SI,000 in excess of $50,000,
they shall pay one dollar, and such excess shall be
assessed and paid in the same manner as required of
wholesale dealers. Every person who shall sell or
offer for sale any distilled spirits, fermented liquors,
or wines of any kind in quantities of more than three
gallons at one time to tne same purchaser, or whose
annual sales, including sales of other merchandise,
shall exceed $25,000, shall be regarded as a wholesale
dealer in liquors.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The next item was:
5. Retail dealers in liquors shall pay twenty-five
dollars. Every person who shall sell or offer for sale
foreign or domestic spirits, wines, ale, beer, or other
malt liquors in quantities of three gallons or less, and
whose annual sales, including all sales of other mer-
chandise, do not exceed $25,000. shall be regarded as
a retail dealer in liquors under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The next item was as follows:
6. Lottery ticket dealers shall pay 0100. Every per-
son, association,firm,orcorporation who shall make,
sell, or offer to sell lottery tickets or fractional parts
thereof, or any token, certificate, or device represent-
ing or intending to represent a lottery ticket or any
fractional part thereof, or any policy of numbers in
any lottery, or shall manage any lottery, or prepare
schcmes of lotteries, or superintend the drawing of
any lottery, shall be deemed a lottery ticket dealer
under this act: Provided. That every person doing
the business of lottery ticket dealers shall give bond,
in the sum of $1,000, with sureties, to be approved by
the collector of the district, conditioned that he will
not sell any ticket or policy of numbers or supple-
mentary ticket of such lottery which has not been
duly stamped according to law.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by striking out after the word
"provided," inline twelve hundred and seven,
the following words—
That" every person doing the business of lottery
ticket dealers shall give bond, in the sum of $1,000,
with sureties^to be approved by the collector of the
district, conditioned that ho will not sell any ticket
or policy of numbers or supplementary ticket of such
lottery which hasnotbeen duly stamped according to
law—
And inserting in lieu thereof:
That the managers of any lottery shall give bond
in the sum of $1,000 that the person paying such tax
shall not sell any tickets or supplementary ticket of
such lottery which has not been duly stamped ac-
cording to law, and that he will pay the tax imposed
by law upon the gross receipts of his sales.
The amendment wasagreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows :
7. Horse dealers shall pay ten dollars. Anyperson
whose business it is to buy and sell horses or mules
shall bo regarded a horse dealer under this act: Pro-
vided, That one special tax having been paid, no
additional tax# shall be imposed upon any horse
dcalerforkecping a livery stable, norupon any livery
stable keeper for dealing in horses.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
8. Livery stable keepers shall pay ten dollars. Any
person whose business it is to keep horses for hire,
or to let, or to keep, feed, or board horses for others,
shall be regarded asa livery stable keeper under this
act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this section.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
9. Brokers shall pay fifty dollars. Every person,
firm, or company whose business it is to negotiate
purchases or sales ofstocks, bonds, exchange, bullion,
coined money, bank notes, promissory notes, or other
securities, for themselves or others, shall beregarded
as a broker under this act: Provided, That any per-
son having paid the special tax as a bankershallnot
be required to pay the spccial tax as a broker.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
10. Pawnbrokers using or employing a capital of
not exceeding $50,0(10 shall pay fifty dollars; and
when using or employing a capital exceeding $50,000,
for every additional $1,000 in cxcess ot §50,000, shall
pay two dollars; and such excess shall be assessed
and paid in the same manner as required of whole-
sale dealers. Every person whose business or occu-
pation it is to take or receive, by way of pledge, pawn,
or exchange, any goods, wares, or merchandise, or
any kind of personal property whatever, as security
for the repayment of any money lent thereon, shall
be deemed a pawnbroker under this act.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by striking out in lines twelve
hundred and forty-three and twelve hundred
and forty-four the following words:
And such excess shall be assessed and paid in the
same manner as required of wholesale dealers.
The amendment was agreed to. ^
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
11. Land-warrant brokers shall pay twenty-five
dollars. Any person shall bo regarded as a land-
warrant broker within the meaning of this act who
makes abusiness ofbuyingandsellingland-warrants,
or of furnishing them to settlers or other persons.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
12. Cattle brokers, whose annual sales do not exceed
$10,000, shall pay ten dollars; and if exceeding the
sum of $10,000 one dollar for each additional thou-
sand dollars. Any person whose business it is to buy
or sell or deal in cattle, hogs, or shoep, shall be con-
sidered as a cattle broker.
The Committee on FinancS proposed to
amend this item in line twelve hundred and
one by inserting after the word " annual" the
words "purchases or," so as to read "cattle
brokers whose annual purchases or sales," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve
hundred and fifty-eight, after the words " each
additional thousand dollars," to insert." and
such excess shall be assessed and paid in the
same manner as required of wholesale dealers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
13. Produce brokers, whose annual sales do not
exceed the sum of $10,000, shall pay ten dollars.
Every person other than one having paid the special
tax as a commercial broker or cattle broker, or
wholesale or retail dealer or peddler, whose occu-
pation it is to buy or sell agricultural or farm pro-
ducts, and whose annual sales do not exceed $10,000,
shall be regarded as a produce broker under this act.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item in lines twelve hundred and
sixty-four and twelve hundred and sixty-nine
by inserting thewords "purchases or*" before
the word " sales."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
14. Commercial brokers shall pay twenty dollars.
Any person or firm whose business it is, as a broker,
to negotiate sales or purchases of goods, wares, or
merchandise, or to negotiate freights and other busi-
ness for the owners of vessels, or for the shippers, or
consignors, or consignees of freightcarried by vessels,
shall be regarded a commercial broker under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
15. Custom-house brokers shall pay ten dollars.
Every person whose occupation it is, as the agent of
others, to arrange entries and other custom-house
papers, or transact business at any port of entry
relating to the importation or exportation of goods,
wares, or merchandise, shall be regarded a custom-
house broker under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows •
16. Distillers shall pay $100. Every person, firm,
or corporation, who distills or manufactures spirits,
shall be deemed a distiller under this act: Provided,
That distillers of apples, grapes, or peaches, distill-
ing or manufacturing fifty and less than one hun-
dred and filty barrels per year from the same, shall
pay fifty dollars; and those distilling less than fifty
barrels per year from the same shall pay twenty dol-
lars: And provided further, That no tax shall be im-
posed for any still, stills, or other apparatus used by
druggists and chemists for the recovery of alcohol for
pharmaceutical and chemical or scientific purposes
which has been used in those processes.
The Committee on Finance proposed three
amendments to this item. The first amend-
ment was in line twelve hundred and eighty-
eight, after the words "manufactures spirits,"
to insert " or who brews or makes mash, wort,
or wash for distillation or the production of
spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve hun-
dred and ninety-one, after the word "peaches,"
to strike out the words "distilling or manufac-
turing fifty and less than one hundred and fifty
barrels per year from the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve hun-
dred and ninety-three, after the words "fifty
dollars," to strike out the words "and those
distilling or manufacturing less than fifty bar-
rels per year from the same, shall pay twenty
dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows.
17. Brewers shall pay $100. Every person, firm, or
corporation who manufactures fermented liquors of
