2330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman's skepti-
cism in regard to the extent of my knowledge
may or may not be well founded. I say again,
as 1 said before, that I have not considered the
details of the bill; but my impression is that I
am quite as well informed as the gentleman
seems to bo in regard to its general scope and
bearing upon the present „nd future prosperity
of the country. On this general conviction I
am quite willing to act. I am responsible for
no o^e's vote but my own, and that will be
given most cheerfully for the passage of the bill.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Howmuch
time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Two minutes.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I yield
them to my colleague, [Mr. Dodge.]
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Speaker, I simply wish
to say in regard to this as a new work, that not-
withstanding the fears of the canal commis-
sioners of the State of New York, 1 shall vote
cheerfully for the bill, because I believe the
prosperity of the city and State of New York
is identified with the prosperity of the West. I
believe just in proportion as Illinois and the
other western States are able to produce and
get profits on their products, not to dispose of
them merely at cost, but as they can make a
profit on their productions, will they traffic
with the city of New York, and use our canals
and railroads so as to make them permanently
prosperous. I shall vote for this bill under the
firm conviction that the prosperity of the coun-
try is the prosperity of the city of New York.
On motion of Mr. VAN HORN, of New
York, Mr. Miller was granted leave to pub-
lish as part of the debates some remarks he
had prepared on the pending measure. [The
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. DELANO. I move that the House do
now adjourn. We have too thin a House to
consider so important a measure.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
Tho question recurred on the substitute of Mr.
Va v Horn, of New Y ork, and it was agreed to.
Ike bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DELANO moved that the bill belaid
upon the table, and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 32, nays 85, not voting
66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Benin inin, Bergen, Boyer,
Buckland, Chanler, Dawson, Delano, Doming, Den-
ison, Eldridge, Finclt, Glossbrenuer, Grider, Aaron
Harding, Chester D. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
James M. Humphrey, Latham, Marvin, Niblack,
Orth, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall. Itit-
tor,-Sba,nklm,Strouse, Taylor,Francis Thomas, Ward,
Williams, and Stephen F. Wilson—3l>.
J\rAYS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashloy, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Bcaman, Bidwoll,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegoe, Bromwell,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling. Culloin, Darling,
Dawes, Defrees, Dodge, Donnelly,"Driggs.Eliot.Farns-
worth, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Qrihwold, Abner C.
Hardin?, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Hotcbkiss, Asa-
helW. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingcr-
soll, Jenokcs, Julian, Ka.sson, Kelley, Kelso, Kuy-
kendall, Laflin, William Lawrence, Loan, Loneyear,
Lynch, Marshall, McClurg, McKcc, Mclluer, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, O'Neill, Paine, Pat-
terson, Periiam, Raymond, Alexander!!. Rice. John
II. Rice, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Sholla'oar^er. Smith,
Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Aernatn, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Elihu
B Wasliburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, James F. Wilson, Wmdom, and Wood-
bridge—8'j.
, K9,T,y°.TI£GrM^?ra- Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley. Baldwin., Barker, Blow Broomoil, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke Ooflroth, Cook, Culver, Davis, Dixon,
Dumont, Bckley, Ifegleston, Farquhar, Goodyear,
Hale Hams, Hart, Hayes Hill, Hogan, Hooper, De-
mas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell. James Humphrey,
Jolmson, Jones Kerr. Ketcham, George V. Lawrence,
LeBiond, Marston, McCullougli, Mclndoe, Mercur,
Miller, Aiyers.Newell,ISlelio son,Noell,Phelps,Pike,
Plants, Pomeioy, Pricc, Radford, Rogers, Rousseau,
Schenck, Seofield, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Starr, Taber,
Thayer. John L. Thomas. Trimble, Robert T. Van
Horn, Wolker, Wentwortli, Whaley, Winfield, and
Wright—68.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. COOK stated that lie was paired with
Mr. Blow, and that the latter would vote
againsl the bill while he would vote for it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, stated
that he was paired with his colleague, Mr.
Miller, and that the latter would vote for the
bill while he would vote against it.
Mr. GRINNELL stated that Mr. Price, who
was absent by leave of the 'House, would, if
present, have voted for the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that Mr. Thayer, who
would have voted against the bill, was paired
with Mr. Wentworth, who would have voted
for it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE stated he understood from
Mr. Rogers thathe was paired with Mr. Hul-
burd.
Mr. HULBURD stated thathe had reserved
the right to vote on this hill.
Mr. CHANLER stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hubbell, was paired with Mr. Baldwin,
of Massachusetts.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, demanded
the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. VAN HORN, of New
York, the title was amended so as to read, "A
bill to incorporate the Niagara Ship-Canal
Company.''
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. PoKNGY-, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had adopted the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 238,
to amend an act entitled "An act relating to
the habeas corpus and regulating judicial pro-
ceedings in certain eases," approved March 3,
18G3.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled House bill
No. 197, to provide for the better organization
of the pay department of the Navy ; when the
Speaker signed the same.
MAVIS OF ABSENCE.
Mr. NIBLACK asked and obtained further
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Kerr,
for one week.
Mr. GRINNELL asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Price for one week.
BAItRY AND 1JIUGINS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, introduced a joint resolution for the
relief of Barry & Higgins ; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
american registers.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to grant
American registers to certain vessels; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
a. sherwood.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund money
paid by A. Sherwood, and others, for duties
improperly collected; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
post-route bridges.
On motion of Mr. HARDING, of Illinois,
Senate bill No. 230, to authorize the construc-
tion of certain bridges and their establishment
as post routes, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and ordered to be printed.
pay department of the navy.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by_ unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution to carry
into immediate effect the bill to provide for
the better organization of the pay department
of tho Navy, and asked its consideration at the
present time.
The bill was read a first and secon# time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. FARNS-
WORTH, (at four o'clock and forty-five min-
utes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rale and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: The petition of Allen Pierse,
for amendment of the Constitution so as to provide
that thoPresidentandVice President shall bold their
offices twenty years, &c.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of Hon. L
W. Lawrence, and others, citizens of Boone county,
Illinois, for increased duties upon wool.
By Mr. GARFIFL1): The memorial of several
New York and Connecticut manufacturers of sheet-
brass, brass and copperwire, and German silver, ask-
ing for increased protection.
Also, the petition of 75 citizens of Portage county,
Ohio, asking for increased protection to American
wool.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: A memoiial for
survey of'a canal to connect Rock river and Lake
Michigan.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Henry Ten
Eyck, and others, citizens of Madison county, New
York, for increase of tariff on wool.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 73 citizens of
Randolph county, Indiana, praying an amendment
of the Federat Constitution prohibiting any distinc-
tion among citizens of the United States on account
of race, coior, or descent.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of J. J. Gicrs, and
others, citizens of Alabama, praying Congress for
immediate relief for the destitute and suffering poor
of the mountain district of that State.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of S. R. Batcli-
ellor, and others, .citizens of West Braintree, Ver-
mont, praying for increased protection on wool.
By Mr. RAYMOND: Joint resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, in favor of the passage of
a bill to equalize bounties paid to soldiers.
By Mr, WARD: The petition of citizens of Wirt,
Alleghany county, New York, in favor of increasing
the tariff on wool.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 2, 1s66.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Grat.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask leave to present the
petition of William Johnson. It appears that
this petitioner, who is described in his military
papers as a man of dark complexion, with black
hair and eyes, enlisted as a private in the four-
teenth regiment of New York heavy artillery,
and served as a private until his regiment was
mustered out. He was mustered out with the
regiment, but he was paid only seven dollars
a month, being treated by the officers of the
Government as a colored man. He now asks
that an act of Congress may be passed giving
him the same pay as other privates of his regi-
ment. I move that the petition be referred to
the _ Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia. 1
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN" presented the petition of
Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of the customs of
the district of Portland and Falmouth, praying
to^ be allowed a balance due him on account
of certain moneys expended for x-f pairs to the
custom house, the vouchers for which were
