4250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
June 4, transmitting the report of the Quarter-
master General respecting railroad property in
the possession of the Government on May 1,
1865; which was laid on the table and ordered
to bo printed.
AIR-LINE ItAILIlOAl) TO NEW YORK.
Mr. STEVENS. I call up the motion made
on the 30th of May last to reconsider the vote
by which House bill No. 632, to authorize the
building of a military and postal railroad from
Washington, District of Columbia, to the city
of New York was recommitted to the select
committee on air-line railroads to New York.
I demand the previous question on the motion.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Will the gentleman
allow a statement for one minute?
Mr. STEVENS. I will after the previous
question is seconded.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Then I move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
On laying the motion on the table there were
—ayes 34, noes 40.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider, it was decided in the
negative—yeas 48, nays 56, not voting 82; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Bergen, Boyer, Broomall,
Dawes, Defrees, Eldridge, Eliot, Finck, Aaron Hard-
ing, Harris, Hayes, Hogan,Chester D. Hubbard, J ames
R. Ilubbell, Johnson, Kasson.Kelley, Kerr, Latham,
Lo Blond, Maynard, McCulloch, McRuer, Myers,
Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Phelps,
Kadford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander II. Rico,
John II. Rice, Iiitter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Shanl;-
lin; Strouso, Tabor, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Whalcy, Winfield, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Baker, Barker,
Baxtor, Benjamin, Bidwcll, Bingham, Bromwell,
Cobb, Colliding, Culiom, Donnelly, Driggs, I'lggle-
ston, Furnsworth, Farmihar, Ferry, Garfield, Abner
C. Harding, Jligby, Ilotchkiss, John II. Hubbard,
Ingcrsoll, Jalian, Keteham, Koontz, Kuykendall,
(jreorgo V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Lyjicli, McClurg, Mcrcur, Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill,
Perhiun,Plants, Price,Sawyer, Scoflcld, Shcllaharger,
Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Nelson Taylor, Van Aer-
nara, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Welkcr, Wentwortli, Williams, James F. Wilson,
and Stephen F. Wilson—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Aneona, Dclos 11.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Bca-
man, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegce, Buckland,
liundy, Chanlcr, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Cooper, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Del-
ano, Doming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Dumont,
frekloy, (*lo-?shronner, (ioodyear, Glider, (jlrinncll,
unswold, Hale, Hart, Henderson, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, Ed-
win N. Ilubbell, Ilulburd, Humphrey, Jenekes, Jones,
Kelso, Lallin, Leftwich, Longyear, Marshall, Mar-
ston, Marvin, Melndoe, McICee, Morris, Moulton,
Notll, Paine, Patterson, Pike. Pomcroy, William II.
Randall, Raymond, Schcnck, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
bimth, Starr, Stilwell, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Warner, Elihu
Washburne, Honry D. Washburn, William 15.
Washburn, Windom, and Woodbridgo—82.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to reconsider was agreed to—
ayes 50, noes 41.
. Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I want
to make a, motion to postpone the bill until the
next session. I hope, therefore} the previous
question will be voted down.
Mr. LATHAM. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield for an amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear it read.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 move to amend by adding
at the end of section two the following:
Provideil, That the consent of the Legislatures of
the several States through which said road may pass
shall be obtained before this act shall go into effect.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me; I do not hold to that doctrine at all.
Mr. JOHNSON". I suggest that the bill be
amended so as to grant twenty miles on either
side of the road. [Laughter.]
Mr.STEVENS. That would be a very good
idea, if we could give it.
Mr. O'NEILL. I suggest an amendment by
inserting a provision that the company be re- 1
quired to run a train of cars at eleven o'clock
at night, so that we can have a night mail.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no kind of objec-
tion to that. Amend by providing that they
shall run a train from Washington as late as
eleven-o'clock at night.
Mr. JOHNSON. How far?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. For Bladensburg.
[Laughter.]
Mr. O'NEILL. A through train.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. On or-
dering the main question I desire the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment by striking out the words ''or lines."
Mr. STEVENS. I will agree that that amend-
ment may be offered.
The main question was ordered on the bill
and pending amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. J. L. Thomas] de-
sires to say a word on this subject: I do not
mean to speak more than ten minutes myself,
and I presume the gentleman from Maryland
will not desire more than that.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I do not expect to
discuss this bill at this late hour of the session.
I understand that my colleague from the fourth
district [Mr. F. Thomas] made an agreement
with the chairman of the committee that this
bill was to bo postponed during his absence.
I am in receipt of a letter from my colleague
this^morning in which he states that his health
is still so poor that it will bo utterly impossible
for him to return here during the present ses-
sion of Congress. And I merely desired to
make that statement to the House before the
previous question was seconded so that the
House might agree to postpone this matter
until the next session of Congress.
My State, in connection with other States,
has a great interest in this bill. But I am not
well enough acquainted with either the provis-
ions of the bill or the questions growing out
of them to be able to discuss them intelli-
gently. My colleague [Mr. F. Thomas] who is a
member of this air-line railroad committee, is
well acquainted with this subject, and he was
put upon that committee, as i understand, for
the purpose of watching the interests of the
State of Maryland in connection with this
proposed road. As is well understood, my
State is directly interested in the defeat of this
bill. It is not so much because we do not
desire any more railroads through our State,
for that is not so. I believe the Legislature of
Maryland would bo willing to grant a charter
to any road to go through our State and com-
pete with the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. But
we do not believe that Congress has the power
to grant a charter to a railroad to pass over
the soil of Maryland without first obtaining
the consent of Maryland. And we believe,
also, that by the passage of a bill of this kind,
it would be the direct means of taking over
sixty-thousand dollars a year from the State
treasury of Maryland.
Mr. WENTWORTH. How much ?
Mi'. J. L. THOMAS. Over sixty thousand
dollars a year.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Have you a right to
tax Illinois for that?
Mr. _,T. L. THOMAS. We have a right to
tax freight or passengers coming over our soil;
and I believe Illinois has the same ri«ht.
Mr. WENTWORTH. No, sir.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. She may not exercise
the right, but I believe she has it. That, how-
ever, is a constitutional question which can be
determined in the courts, whether this bill is
passed or not. I have said all that I desire
to say. I merely wished to make this appeal
to the House to postpone this bill until the
next session. I will say to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wekworth] that Illinois can
well afford to collect no commutation tax off
passengers who may go over her road, for she
obtained what neither Maryland nor Pennsyl-
vania ever got, land enough to build her roads.
We built our own roads, with our own money,
and have never asked the Government-for any
assistance.
Mr. WENTWORTH. This is not so much
a matter of dollars and cents with us; we only
object to the fashion they have adopted of get-
ting it. If they are poor there in Maryland
and want to put their hands into our pockets,
they may do so and take out whatever they
please. But we have not a long time to live;
this is but a transitory state of existence; at the
best our lives are but short.
Mr. ROSS. I suppose the gentleman means
political lives. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object to my col-
league [Mr. Ross] making sport at my expense
in my time. [Laughter.]
Now, they claim the right in Maryland not
only to regulate the price but the speed of their
railroads. That is what we complain of. Now,
I would ask the States between here and New
York to state what they will take, how much
they want to rob us of annually, and let us
regulate the speed of these roads. I do not
object to the price they charge, as some people
do. But we claim the right to regulate the
speed, and not,have the cars stop at every little
town along the road that they may see proper
to build up for the benefit of their State. As,
to the right of Maryland to regulate the rate
of speed and price of the roads in their State,
it is very doubtful what Maryland has not un-
dertaken to regulate within the last two or three
years. She had the right, I believe, to take
the State out of the Union; but she did not
do it, and why ? Because the men of my State
would not allow her to do it.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Maryland did not go
out because she did not want to go out.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Wait until the next
election and see how that goes.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS.^ If we are beaten then
it will be by rebels.
Mr. STEVENS. I have delayed this bill
over two months to accommodate the distin-
guished gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F.
Thomas.] When he went away the other day
I told him that I would wait until the last
moment before I called it up. Indeed I have
waited so long that those who placed me in
charge of this bill have reproached me with
some collusion with those on the other side.
I have delayed calling up the bill until the last
moment, with the hope that the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] might be able
to be here. I learned last night that he would-
not be here, and the time had come when I
must either call the bill up or allow it to be
lost. As to this States' rights notion, I have
no respect for it. It has got us into mischief
enough already. If the Constitution means
anything it expressly declares that Congress
shall have power to regulate commerce among
the States. Now, we have monopolies enough
between this city and New York. And one of
the monopolies chartered by Maryland adds
thirty cents to each fare for the benefit of the
State. There is a monopoly beyond it. There
is a monopoly in the Camden and Amboy rail-
road which makes every one bend to its will.
Now, sir, not only do they charge double
what this bill provides, but a great deal ■more.
And this bill provides for running in seven
hours. It must be enforced or it will be for-
feited. The bill provides they shall charge six
dollars, and the cost now is eleven and twelve
dollars.
Mr. WRIGHT. Ibeg-pardon. It costs only
$8 25 for a through ticket on a train which goes
in less than eleven hours.
Mr. STEVENS. They refuse to allow any
connection between the Northern Central and
the road between here and Baltimore. They
refuse to allow them to check freight. They
reftise to allow them to run a road from one
end to the other of the city although the com-
pany built a road from Bolton station across
to the other station. The city of Baltimore
has refused to allow them to run their cars
through on that line. Thus we are met in
every way in reference to freight and passen-
