1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
tions from $100,000 to $50,000, and from
$50,000 to $25,000, I have but this remark to
make: gentlemen, as I said last night, when
this bill was before under consideration, are
going it blind and without information; they
are unwilling to rely upon the information given
by the responsible officers of the Government
who have these works in charge and have made
these estimates as engineers. ] f $200,000 had
been asked, being twice as much as is neces-
sary, it would have been thought a capital
thing to cut it down to $100,000; or if it had
been $100,000, to cut it down to $50,000; and
there can be no more reason given by gentle-
men why $50,000 should be required rather than
$100,000. The truth is that, practically, gen-
tlemen, like myself, know nothing about it,
and have to rely on the persons in charge^ of
these works. But inasmuch as it looks like
economy to cut down one half now, it would
look just as much like economy to cut it down
one half if twice the amount had been asked.
We are either fo grope in the dark or to be
fnided by the light we have on the subject. I
avc, however, submitted to the House all the
information I possess on the subject from the
engineers, and it must commend itself to the
general knowledge of every member of the
House who knows anything on the subject
when he remembers that this Tortugas key is
the vulnerable part of the approaches to our
country.
The question was taken on Mr. Schenck's
amendment, and it was agieed to.
Mr. DEMING. On line /ifly-onc, page 3,
I move to strike out "seventy-live" and insert
in lieu thereof ''twenty-live," so that the
clause will read:
For fort on Ship Island, coast of Mississippi,
$25,000.
Ship Island is a mere sand strip in the Gulf
of Mexico some seven miles long by one mile
broad. It is twelve miles from the coast. It
covers no approach to the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi and 1 cannoteonceiveof an emergency
in the future when there will be any necessity
for a fort on Ship Island, unless we are en-
gaged in another war with the insurgent States
of the Gulf, and even in that case a fort upon
Ship Island will not be necessary so long as
we hold the forts in Pcnsacola harbor. Hie fort
in the Narrows, which connects the Gulf with
Lake Pontchartriiin, or the forts in the Mis-
sissippi, to wit, Fort Jackson and Fort Philip.
In the last war with the rebellious States,
when all the foils 1 have enumerated were in
the possession ol the enemy, it became neces-
sary to adopt Ship Island as'a depot of sup-
plies and a rendezvous for (he troops that,
were to operale against New Orleans. But it
is the worst place in the world for a depot of
supplies. As a rendezvous for troops it is ex-
posed 1o three, disadvantages, two of which are
certainly most extraordinary; and it ought
never to be used cither as a depot of supplies
or as a rendezvous of troops if any other dry
land could be found in that neighborhood out
of the reach of the enemy's cannon.
In the first, place, in heavy storms in the Gulf
of Mexico the waves of the Gulf of Mexico
sweep entirely over the island, and the troops
are liable at any time to be washed away. In
the next, place, they are liable to be starved if
any ti anspoi ts bringing provisions from New
York to Ship Island should be wrecked. And
in the third place, the troops are liable to be
driven olf at any time by a gunboat of the
enemy, and the fort at the extreme western
extremity of the island would afford no possible
protection.
Cnder these circumstances I do think that
an appropriation is only necessary for the pur-
pose of protecting the works already erected
there. It is certainly not necessary to extend
the works there any further, and f tiud that
$7:>,000was appropriated in the appropriation
bill ot last year for the repair of this fort on
Ship Island. I hope, therefore, that my amend-
ment will be agreed to, and the appropriation
cut down from $75,000 to $25,000.
Mr. GRLNNELL. I would ask the gentle-
man if the mosquitoes there are not sufficient
and ample to keep off any foreign enemy. I
believe lie has had some experience there.
Mr. DEMING. The mosquitoes there were
of very large size, and I should think the troops
there would require armor to protect them from
the mosquitoes.
Mr. GillNNELL. Then I am in favor of
the $25,000.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment. I do so for the pur-
pose of asking the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Demin'g] whether he knows of any rea-
son for retaining in this bill even the appro-
priation of $25,000.
Mr. DEMING. I certainly know of no rea-
son whatever, unless it be for the purpose of
keeping in repair the works already erected
there.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to know from the gen-
tleman whether he has any information respect-
ing the works now on that island which would
warrant us in making this appropriation for
their preservation and repairs.
Mr. DEMING. I have only such general
information as I obtained from Ship Island
itself in my connection with that expedition.
That information consists in this: that at the
time the expedition first went to Ship Island,
the fort on the western extremity was a mere
briclc-work entirely useless for purposes of de-
fense or protection. I have been since informed
that an engineer has been sent, to Ship Island,
and more substantial works have been in pro-
cess of erection for the last two or three years.
Therefore it was that I deemed that some ap-
propriation was necessary for the purpose of
protecting the works now in the process of
being built.
Mr. PAINE. I will modify my amendment
to the amendment so as to make the appropri-
ation $10,000 instead of $25,000.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed
to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I wish to offer another
amendment at the request of the War Depart-
ment. _ I move to insert after line fifty-two the
following:
For Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Florida, $50,000.
This is another of these sentinels along our
coast, this fort upon Amelia Island. Although
it was estimated for, the committee have for
some reason thought proper not to report the
appropriation. It is now occupied, although
in an unfinished condition : the work, however,
is going forward. 11 will be a formidable work
when finished, and one which it is thought will
be very much needed in the line of defense
along our coast.
But I will take up no further time of the
committee except by asking the Clerk to road
a passage 1 have marked in the communication
I had read from a short time ago.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" For Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Florida, an ap-
propriation of $50,000 was included in your annual
report. This work is in an advanced state of comple-
tion. Preparations arc now in progress for mount-
in;? tho heavy armament of recent construction, and
part of the armament for defense of the ditches is
already in position. This work commands one of the
few harbors along- our southern Atlantic coast in
which enemy's cruisers could find shelter and refuge,
lo leave it in its present unfinished condition, nearly
ready to receive an armament of fifteen-inch and
other guns to protect this roadstead, the Department
could notjnstitv itself. It has remained in our pos-
session during the rebellion, and is of such present
importance as to have induced the Lieutenant Gen-
eral to garrison it in its unfinished condition. i
present these facts to be communicated to the com-
mittee, should you concur in my recommendation
that the original estimated sum of $50,000 be included
in the estimate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I have one other amend-
ment, and it is the last which I have been re-
quested by the Department to offer. It is for
one fort in California, and in the letter from
the Department will be found all the explana-
tion I deem it necessary to make. I move to
amend by inserting after the amendment just
adopted, the following:
For fort at Lirno Point, California, $75,000.
I now ask that the communication to which
I have referred be read.
The Clerk read, as follows :
" For Lime Point, California, an appropriation of
$75,000 was asked in the estimates included in your
annual report. It is omitted altogether in the bill
reported by the committee. Lime Point is situated
on the north side of the main channel leading into
the harbor of San Francisco directly opposite to the
works now in progress at Fort Point, adjoining the
city of San Francisco. Under recent negotiations
conducted by your Department we have made the
purchase of this site and are now about coming into
possession of over seventeen hundred acres at a cost,
in legal tenders, very far below any previous de-
mands therefor. Our operations on the San Fran-
cisco side of the channel are limited in their com-
mand of the channel and defense of San Francisco,
the navy-yard, and entire goldrcgion, without occu-
pying Lime Point. Its importance is unquestioned,
and I invite your attention to the omission of an ap-
propriation therefor on the supposition that its rela-
tive position and existing purchase of the property
may not, have been brought to the notieeof the com-
mittee."
Mr. SPALDING. There is a mistake there
in some respect. That estimate was never sent
to the committee at all.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I win explain. In the
estimates, it is called "additional defenses for
San Francisco." It covers the entrance to the
harbor.
Mr. SPALDING. That may be.
Mr. SCHEN CK. That has misled tho com-
mittee, I presume.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee could not
understand this matter. They had never seen
any such fort named; and those additional
estimates we did not consider sufficiently spe-
cific, as they left everything to the discretion
of the Department, contrary lo our system.
Mr. IIIGBY. In order that I may say a
word, I move to amend so as to make the
amount $100,000.
In the original estimate that cftme before the
committee this third amount was to be appro-
priated at Simnis's Point. I had no knowledge
of any such place; and the committee omitted
that item because no explanation was given.
Of Lime Point I very well understood the loca-
tion. It is on the north side of the entrance of
the bay of San Francisco. Fort Point is upon
the south side; and this is nearly opposite. It
is desirable that the two forts should be able to
operate together when necessary. There has
long been an anxiety and nervousness among
the people of the State of California at the
delay on the part of the Government to erect
some defensive structure upon the north side
of the entrance of that harbor.
Mr. STEVENS. Isthereanyforttherenow?
Mr. IIIGBY. There is no fort there now
unless -there be an earth battery. Ibelieveitis
not contemplated to build a fort of the usual ex-
pensive character. Having said what I desired
to say in explanation of this matter, I withdraw
my amendment in favor of the amendment made
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
On'agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 56, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. In line fifty-eight I move
to strike out the words "one hundred and,"
so that the clause will read :
For survey of northern and northwestern lakes,
including Lake Superior, $50,000.
There has been a mistake in copying or print-
ing the bill. The amendment which I propose
is in accordance with the estimates.
Mr. DRIGGS. Has the gentleman positive
information that $50,000 is all that is required?
Mr. STEVENS. Here are the estimates:
$50,000 is all,that is asked for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by striking
out the word "of" where it occurs the second
time in the sixty-second line, and inserting in
lieu thereof the word " by," so that the clause
will read "the approval of its expediency by
the Secretary of War."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw that motion and
