1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
allow me to move that this bill be laid aside,
and the next bill taken up. It is an appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. STEVEN'S. If there be no objection,
I am willing to do so.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
decidedly.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
So the committee rose.; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson*, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union having had under con-
sideration the special order, being bill of the
House No. 2->>, making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense
for the 3 cut ending the 30th of June, 1807, had
directed him to lcport back the same with sun-
dry amendments.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles ;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. II. No. 61) to establish certain
post roads ; and
An aet (II. It. No. 135) to extend the time
for the withdrawal of goods for consumption
from public store and bonded warehouse, and
lor other purposes.
FOllTIFICATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question on the fortification appropriation bill
and the amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments of the Committee of the
■Whole on the state of the Union were voted
on in gross and adopted.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the bill be laid upon
the table. I should like to have my vote re-
corded against this bill.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PARIS EXPOSITION.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the. rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself' into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to ; and tnc House
accordingly re>olved itseli into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilsox, of Iowa, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of House joint resolution
No. 52, to provide for the expenses attending
the exhibition of the products of industry of
the United States at the Exposition at Paris in
1807.
Mr. WASIIBUItNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay that aside and take up an appropriation bill.
'Mr. BANKS. I hope not. It is necessary
this question should be settled.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. PANKS moved that, by unanimous con-
sent, the first reading of the joint resolution for
information be dispensed with.
Mr. "WASIIBUKKE, of Illinois, objected.
The joint resolution was then read a first
time for information.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the first
section by the following, which was omitted by
accident:
After line seven, scction one. insert: „
First, to provide necessary iurmtuie nnu li\turt.s
for l-hfi proper exhibition of thoarticles and products
of the industry of the United States, according to tho
plan of tho imperial commissioners, in that part of tho
building exclusively assigned to tho use of tho United
States, §-18,000.
Mr. Chairman, I suppose this amendment
opens the whole su'mect for discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate has not
been closed.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, the amend-
ment I have offered embraces the material part
of the sum appropriated in the first resolution,
and is the point which controlled tho judgment
of tho Committee on Foreign Affairs, to which
this subject was referred, in asking the House
to make an appropriation for this purpose.
It is proper to say, Mr. Chairman, that the
Government of the United States has never
made an appropriation for an object of this
character ; and until the Exhibition of 1807 was
proposed, no Government has taken the initia-
tive and assumed the responsibility of expenses
incurred in exhibitions of this description. In-
dustrial exhibitions in all ages have been popu-
lar, and not governmental, enterprises. When-
ever the people have had wrongs to redress or
rights to assert, their only means of appealing
to public opinion and sympathy, except by
violence, have been through the exhibition
of the fruits of their industry. Thus it has
ever been in Poland, Hungary, France, or Eng-
land; wherever the people sought to influence
tho Government or stamp their ideas upon the
public mind, they have, in exhibiting the fruits
of their industry, given evidence of their claims
upon the Government. This was true of our
own Revolution as of other States. It was not
until 1851 that industrial exhibitions engaged
(he universal attention of nations. The Exhi-
bition of 1851 itself was only established upon
the guarantee made by individual citizens who
engaged that the Government should not be
maderCfcponsiblein any encouragement which it
might afford. 'The Exhibitions at Paris in 1855,
at London ill 1802, and at Hamburg in 18(53, pro-
ceeded on the same idea, that the enterprise
was one of individual character, in which Gov-
ernments participated, but! for which they were
not responsible, and which they did not as-
sume to control. But at length, as with edu-
cation, railways, and other popular organiza-
tions for the improvement of the condition of
the people, industrial expositioiis now enjoy for
the fii st time the reluctant but essential patron-
age and favor of Governments.
The Emperor of France has for the first time
in the history of the world assumed the re-
sponsibility of collecting, classifying, and ex-
hibiting its industry, and invites all nations to
present evidences of their prosperity, progress,
and power in industrial pursuits. His Govern-
ment has appropriated 20,000,00*0 francs for its
expenses, lie paj s 12,000,000 francs from the
treasury of the empire, and trusts that the
balance of eight millions maybe obtained from
admission foes and in other forms of contribu-
tion.
Belgium has appropriated 000,000 francs, or
$120,000, for the same purpose. Every nation
on the European continent will make its appro-
priations. Individuals, societies, corporations,
cities, and departments of France will also be
called upon for voluntary contributions. It is
therefore an enterprise in which Governments
and not individuals are to act, and if the
United States desires to be represented m
this exhibition of the world's wealth, it must
be through their Government, and not, as lieie-
tofore, by individuals. It is for that reason,
among others, that the Committee on Foreign
Affaire has asked this appropriation of the
House. Unless the Government takes the ini-
tiative and is represented there as a Govern-
ment, the people of the United States interested
in the repoi t of our progress in industry will be
without rights or privileges. It is important
that we should consider the subject in view of
this fact.
On the 15th of January last a resolution was
approved by tho President, which had passed
both Houses of Congress, accepting the invita-
tion of the Emperor of France to take part in
tho Exposition of 1867; and it now becomes our
privilege and duty to say whether, by fit appro-
priations for this purpose, we will enable the
people we represent to avail themselves of the
advantages offered us in common with otheir
nations. There can be no impropriety in say-
ing that if we are to be represented at all we
should be well represented, and that makes it
necessary we should conform to the plan of thfe
imperial commission. This plan has probably
attracted the attention of gentlemen of the
House, as it has been printed at length-in No.
12 of the Executive Documents. Each Gov-
ernment is to be represented through its indus-
trial agents. A part of the palace constructed
for the proper exhibition of the varied products
of human industry is assigned to each nation.
The structure covers thirty-six acres of the
Champ de Mars. It is elliptical in form. Each
of the ten groups in which all branches are
classified occupies one of the ten divisions run-
ning with the elliptical form of the structure into
which it is divided, and each nation is assigned
a section of the ground floor, running from the
outside, to the center; so that a spectator in
moving round the building inspects all articles
of any one class that the world produces; and
in moving from the outside to the center by the
transverse passage he will see everything that
each nation produces. The industry of the
world is thus so classified and arranged that a
view of the whole, or of the part of each nation,
is easily obtained. The United States ranks the
eighth in the list of assignments of space. It
has six times the space heretofore assigned in
other exhibitions where it was the fourth in the
rank of nations.
It is necessary that the portion assigned to
us should be furnished for the proper exhibi-
tion of the fruits of our industry, according
to the plan provided for all nations. The
expenditure required for this purpose, accord-
ing to the estimate of the American minister
at Paris, for furniture and fixtures, w'ill be
$-18,000. It is to provide for this sum that
the amendment is offered which I have sent to
the Chair, and which was omitted in the printed
form by accident. I am authorized to say by
the committee that it is their unanimous opin-
ion that the acceptancc of the invitation on the
part of the Government makes it incumbent
upon us to make this appropriation at least. I
believe they were all united in that opinion.
The committee hesitated long and carefully con-
sidered the subject in question in every point of
view before they agreed to make the recom-
mendation for the appropriation of $100,000.
The part of the building assigned for us con-
tains thirty thousand square feet. It gives us
twenty thousand feet for passage-ways and ten
thousand feet net for exhibition. Every State
in the Union has already made application for a
portion of this space. The State of Illinois has
applied for a very large share, and altogether
the room already (1 emanded will more than cover
the space assigned to us. It is probable that
a larger part of the building would have been
assigned bad the representative of the Govern-
ment at Paris or the executive officers here
been authorized to accept the invitations or
specify what space would be required or how
much would be used if assigned. But neither
there nor here was any one able to specify what
space would bo wanted. The opinion was ex-
pressed that the American people would desire
to be represented and that the largest^ spaeo
allowed would bo wanted. It is to furnish ap-
propriate furniture and fixtures for this space
that the appropriation of $18,000 is Prorp^e?-
I will turn to the next section of the bill m
order to explain other expenditures wh'ch are
embraced in the $100,000 asked for. I he next
provision is—
For tho compensation of four clerks in New York
 r>r] four clerks in Paris, wfioso salaries shall be as
follows: one at $1,000, one afc $1,400, and t"\vo bl,JJ0
each.
These clerks are provided for at Hew York
in the resolution which passed Congress and
was approved by the President. This bill cuts
down the salaries specified in the joint reso-
lution passed, which was approved J anuary 15,
