1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
urged the employment of the negro in the Army I
did so for the express purpose of giving rise to j
some such claim as this. The negro, however, j
did render some military service, and now it is !
contended that in gratitude for those services we j
ought to extend to him and graciously confer J
upon him this participation ipt our Government.
All that was promised the negro has been given
him for the services he has rendered, and more,
too. He was never promised the emancipation
of his race in this country, yet that has been given
. him. Ho was not invited to take part in the con-
test by any proclamation or act of Congress. He
was treated simply as one liable to serve, and
allowed pay, bounty, and pensions. No formal
call was ever made upon the negroes as a race to
enter the service in our late straggle. No prom-
ise was held out to them that if they did enter the
service their race should be benefited in any way
whatsoever. They were treated as liable to ser-
vice, liable to draft, and granted pay, bounty,
and pensions.
Gentlemen know that fact very well. I remem-
ber perfectly the first recruiting of negroes that
took place in Pennsylvania. Some one or two
negroes from Massachusetts made their appear-
ance in our town and commenced gobbling up
our negroes. They offered very high bounties to
fill quotas in Massachusetts, and then, when the
conscription law came the negroes were in great
demand; and they were drafted and forced into
the service of the Government. As an organ-
ized body of men in the United States tliey look-
no action at all. They had 110 representatives
of their race here, to whom they could express
their desire to enter the military service, or by
whom thejr could negotiate an) terms willi 1hc
Government of the United States by which they
shouldgain any privileges of citizenship as white
men of this country. I am very well reminded
by the gentleman from New York [ M i\ Cm.yv-
leii] near me that they were refused officers of
their own race. So subordinate were they to
the white men in this war that they were re-
fused to have officers of their own race to com-
mand them.
Well, sir, I was speaking of the manner in
which they were drafted. I will give you an
instance which I remember, a scene that took
place in my own town. Some bounty brokers
from Philadelphia brought up a negro to put
him in the service as a substitute. The brokers
about Easton got around the negro, and finally
stole him away. One of them told mo himself
that be kept that negro hid in a garret for three
days and three nights, until the Philadelphia
brokeis had gone off. I3ut not venturing to
produce him then, he sent him out into the
country in the middle of the night, over the
Blue Mountain, into the Poeona region, and
there kept him ten days and ten nights longer,
until he was satisfied the Philadelphia brokers
were all gone, and then he brought him down ;
and, said he, "'I made $000 on that nigger.''
Ought thai, man to vote? That he went into
the service and fought, F have no doubt: that
he obeyed the orders of his commanders 1 have
no doubt; and if he was down at the big mine
in front of Petersburg 1 have no doubt he ran as
well as any other negro there; because any one
who would consent to be locked in a garret for
three days and three nights, then to be trans-
ported forty miles over the mountains and kept
there for ten days, then brought back and put
in as a substitute in that way, would certainly
obey the orders of his superiors, and when told
to charge he would charge. But ought that man
to \ote? Does his service in the Army under
those circumstances give him a right to the
elective franchise? IIow many thousands of
the men who were in the service of the United
States, and rendered good military service in
the war, are of the same class with that negro?
Let me mention another incident as an illus-
tration on this subject. I was standing one day
at the junctiou of New York avenue and Fif-
teenth street in this city, in conversation with
two gentlemen who had* been appointed by the
city authorities here to fill up their quota.
While I was standing there, five negroes, who.
from their appearance, were undoubtedly fugi-
tive slaves, came up and handed to one of those
gentlemen a paper. Ho looked at it, and
pointed them to the pass office just above,
where they could get passes to go over to the
Freedmcn's Village on the other side of the
Potomac. The negroes passed on, and the gen-
tleman remarked to me, •' That is the way the
negroes are put into the service here." They
had been down to Colonel Green to get direc-
tions to the Froedmen's Village. He had given
them a slip of paper, with the direction, to which
he had added, ''Can't you recruit these fel-'
lows?" The agent refused to undertake it.
The objcct was to get them in by hook or by
crook, to take advantage of their ignorance,
get them to sign the muster-roll, and then send
them to the front. Hundreds and thousands
of negro recruits were got in that way by agents
who followed the Ai my, and gathered up slaves
who had just run away from their masters, and
who, ignorant of their rights as men could be,
were easily induced to go into the ranks of the
Army. Yet gentlemen toll us that men of this
class, because they fought in the service of the
country, are certainly entitled to the elective
franchise as a reward 1'or the service which
they rendered.
Gentlemen tell us, too, that, during the rev-
olutionary struggle there was, here and there, a
negro soldier in our Army. Well, sir, it is not
worth while for us to go back to the history of
that struggle, and show how those persons were
induced to enter that service. Liberty at that
time had its guardians, who were sufficient for
that day. The men who made the Constitution
ofthe United States knew what service had been
rendered by the negroes during the war ofthe
Revolution ; and if that sendee had been suffi-
cient to entitle them to be made citizens under
our Government the founders of the Govern-
ment would have guarantied them that position
under the Constitution. But three quarters of
a ccutury have rolled round, and now it is just
discovered that the services rendered by the
ncgroos in the Revolution should be rewarded
by allowing the negroes of this day to vote in
the District of Columbia.
Another class of arguments is adduced here
in favor of the negro voting. We arc told that
in this District, negroes have acquired some
property—houses, lands, churches, &c.—and
that therefore they ought to vote. Mr. Speaker,
the elective franchise is not to be sold out upon
such considerations as these. If the negroes
of this District have acquired property mider the
administration ofthe city by tho white people,
are they not content to hold ii? If they com-
plain that they are not properly governed, that
their propei ty is not adequately piotected here,
then it is the duty of Congress to sec that such
laws arc passed as will protect them in the full
enjoyment of the fruits of their iabor. Do they
complain that they are obliged to pay taxes to
the Government for protecting their property,
their liberties, and their live,;? V, e!l, sir, if
they can anywhere else obtain more cheaply
the protection of their property, their liberties,
and their lives, thev have our leave to go there.
!t does not Hi- in the mouth of any man in this
country to complain that he has to pay a slight
tax for the protection which the Government
affords to his property, his liberty, and his file.
I repeat, that any man who is unwilling to
pay the Government tax imposed upon his
property for protection let him put it in a store-
house and pay the storage. [Laughter.]
I am opposed, sir, to all of these qualifica-
tions of voters of my own race, resting upon
the payment of taxes, iegistration, and every-
thing in the nature of restriction. 'The pay-
ment of tax, the requirement of residence, and
tests of that character, are neees.-ary to protect
the ballot-box against fraudulent voting, but
they confer no right upon people entitled to
vote as citizens. A man who votes without law-
ful authority deprives a lawful voter of the ef-
fect, of his vote. The payment of tax under our
system, therefore, gives no man the right to vote,
it is not a franchise to bo bought and sold in
that way.
Then, sir, comes another class of arguments.
We are told that the negro is intelligent and
capable of voting; that there are some negroes
who are more intelligent, better educated, have
betterreasoningpowers than certain white men.
and that these intelligent negroes do not vote
while ccrtain ignorant white men do vote.
There is nothing in that at all. Elective fran-
chise is not based upon a man's intelligence.
Hence the tests that a man should he able to
read the Constitution and write his name be-
fore he should vote are all idle. Suppose when
a negro comcs up to vote in the District of Co-
lumbia he is asked how ho spells his name.
The judge of the election says to the negro,
"Can you spell your name?" "Yes." "Spell
it,." "B-o-b-b." [Laughter.] Thejudgeof
the elcetion would, as the negro spells it with
three B'sinstead of two, be compelled to decide
that he should not be allowed to vote. I know
there are gentlemen in this House who, if the
clerks-at the desk were the judges of election,
would, under these tests, deny them the right to
vote, because they could not write their names.
[Laughter.]
These tests are all idle. The elective fran-,
ehise belongs to the man who is a citizen of the
Government. It belongs in this Government
to the white man, who from his race is a citi-
zen of his Government. I do not deny that the
Government may confer the privilege of citi-
zenship upon negroes, but the white man is a
citizen without that.
Gentlemen agree that tho negro race is
inferior to the white or European race, yet
there seems to be something that induces
them to do something lor the negro. Some,
upon the free and equal clause of the Decla-
ration of Independence, say that this race of
men belongs to the Government, and that there-
fore all people under it have the right to par-
ticipate in its administration. Some go half
way, and arc willing that tho negro should have
some part in the Government: and some arc
exceedingly jealous lest, if tho negro bo allowed
to vote, he may become a controlling power.
They only want a little sprinkling of the negro,
just, enough to spice it, with the property qual-
ification, payment of tax, intelligence, or some-
thing of that kind. They arc willing he should
vote, provided he would always agree to vote
in a minority. They are willing he shall vote
provided they can limit him so that there will
be no danger of his controlling the election.
What kind of privilege is that? It is like
tho voting privilege conferred upon onr soldiers
i n the Army. They were to get the tiekcts as best
they could. They were allowed to vote, pro-
vided they voted right, in the opinion of their
superiors. Some who did not \ote right had
the satisfaction to know that their ballots were
changed, and they were made to count contrary
to theirwishes by those gentlemen who claim to
be the exclusive friends of ihe soldiers' voting.
Philadelphia hasbec n Uiegreat stamping-ground
\ for that sort of thing. At, tho last election we
1 had a commissioner elected by some seven or
eight, hundred majority. He was a Democrat,
, and had been a major in the Arrnv.^ By and
i by election returns came in from New York
{ and-every other direction, and he was beaten .
by several hundred votes. An investigation of
I those returns shows that there were no such
I persons as those who were claimed to have voted
I in the Army; that the companies returned as
j voting unanimously never voted. The poll lists
returned proved to be made up of the names
! of men who had deserted or died years before,
j Out of this whole return every vote thus far has
been proven a fabrication and a fraud.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman, I presume,
does not wish the House to infer from his state-
ment that the colored votes, to which he has
just alluded in the case of Given, to which I
suppose he refers, were given by negro soldiers.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know what the
color was.
Mr. THAYER. From the manner in which
the gentleman speaks, it might seem as if the
colored votes would count in Pennsylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON. But colored soldiers'votes
were of course just as good as white ones if
