1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
same price, wnereby the average price shall be re-
duced more than ten per cent, below the value ofthe
bale of the best quality, the value of the "whole shall
be appraised according to the value of the bale of
the best quality; and no bale, bag, or package shall
be liable to a less rate of duty in consequence of be-
ing invoiced with wool of lower value: And provided
further. That the duty upon wool of the Jirst class
which shall be imported washed shall be twice the
amount of duty to which it would be subjected if im-
ported unwashed-, and that the duty upon wool of all
classes which shall be imported seoured shall bo three
times the amount of the duty to which it would be
subjected if imported unwashed. On sheepskins and
Angora goat skins, raw or unmanufactured, imported
with the wool on, washed or unwashed, the duty shall
bo thirty per cent, ad valorem; and on woolen rags,
shoddy, mungo, waste, and flocks, the duty shall be
twelve cents per pound.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in lieuof the
duties heretofore imposed by law on thearticleshere-
inatter mentioned, and on such as may now be ex-
empt from duty, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on the goods, wares, and merchandise herein
enumerated and provided for, imported from foreign
countries, the following duties and rates of duties,
that is to say:
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all manu-
factures of wool of every description made wholly or
in part of wool, not herein otherwise provided for,
fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
On flannels, blankets, hats of wool, knit goods,bal-
morals, woolen and worsted yarns, and all manufac-
tures of every description, composed wholly or in
part of worsted, the hair of the alpaca, goat, or other
like animals, except such as are composed in part of
wool, not otherwise provided for, valued at not ex-
ceeding forty cents per pound, twenty cents per
pound; valued at above forty cents per pound and
not exceeding sixty cents per pound, thirty cents per
pound; valued at above sixty cents per pound and
not exceeding eighty cents per pound, forty cents per
pound; valued at above eighty cents per pound,fifty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, upon all
the above-named articles, thirty-live per cent, ad
valorem.
On endless belts or felts for paper or printing ma-
chines, twenty cents per pound and thirty-live per
cent, advalorem.
On bunting, twenty cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On women's and children's dress goods and real or
imitation Italian cloths, composed wholly or in part
of wool, worsted, the hair of the alpaea, goat, or
other like animals, valued at not exceeding twenty
cents the square yard, six cents per square yard, and,
in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem ;
valued at above twenty cents the square yard, eight
cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto, forty
per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That on all goods
weighing four ounces and over per square yard, the
duty shall be fifty cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On clothing ready made, and wearing apparel of
every description, and baltnorai skirts and skirting,
and goods of similar description, or used for like pur-
poses, composed wholly or in part of wool, worsted,
the hair of the alpaca, goat, or other like animals,
made up or manufactured wholly or in part by tho
tailor, seamstress, or manufacturer, exceptknit goods,
fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, forty
per cent, ad valorem.
On wcltings, beltings, bindings, braids, galloons,
fringes, gimps, cords, cords and tassels, dress trim-
mings, head nets, buttons or barrel buttons, or but-
ton* of other forms for tassels or ornaments, wrought
by hand or braided by machinery, made of wool,
worsted, or mohair, or of which wool, worsted, or
mohair is a component material, unmixed with silk,
fiity cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, fifty
per cent, ad valorem.
On Aubusson and Axminster carpets, and carpets
woven whole for rooms, fifty per cent, ad valorem;
on Saxony, Wilton, and Tourney velvet carpcts,
wrought by tho Jacquard machine, seventy cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-live
per cent, ad valorem; on Brussels carpets wrought
by the Jacquard machine, forty-lour cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem; on patent velvet and tapestry velvet
carpets, printed 011 the warp or otherwise, forty cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-fi\ e
per cent, ad valorem; on tapestry Brussels carpets,
printed on the warp or otherwise, twenty-eight cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-live
p^r cent, ad valorem; on treble ingrain, three-ply,
and worsted chain Venetian oarpets, seventeen cents
per tquareyard, and,in addition thereto, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem; on yarn Venetian and two-ply
ingrain carpets, twelve cents per square yard, and,
in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem;
on druegets and bookings, printed, colored, or other-
wise. twenty-five cents per square yard, and, in ad-
dition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; on
hemp or jute carpeting, eight cents per square yard;
on c irpets and carpctings oi wool, flax, or cotton, or
parts of either, or other material not otherwise herein
specified, forty per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That
mats, rugs, screens, covers, hassocks, bedsides, and
other portions of carpets or carpeting shall be bub-
jectcd to the rate of duty herein imposed on carpets
or carpeting of like character or description, and that
the duty 011 all other mats, (not exclusively oi vege-
table material,) screens, hassocks, and rugs, shall bo
forty-five per ccnt. ad valorem..
On oil-cloths for floors, stamped, painted,or printed,
valued at fifty cents or less per square yard, thirty-
five per cent, ad vJorom; valued at pver fifty cents
per square yard, and on all other oil-cloth, (exccpt
silk oil-cloth,) and on water-proof cloth, not other-
wise provided for. forty-five per cent, ad valorem; on
oil silk cloth, sixty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was or-
dered. I want to have an opportunity to strike
out the third section in reference to the lower
grades of wool..
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HARDING, ofKentucky, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
58, noes 25 j no quorum voting.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bixgham,
and Mr. Hardixg of Kentucky, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tollers reported
—ayes seventy-four, noes not counted.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the*
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORTLAND SUFFERERS.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for the relief of the sufferers by
the fire at Portland, Maine.
The first section of the bill provides that all
goods, wares, and merchandise which may be
sent from places without the limits of the Uni-
ted States as gratuitous contributions to the
relief of sufferers by the fire which occurred
at Portland, Maine, July 4 and 5, 1866, shall,
when imported at the port of Portland and con-
signed to the proper authorities for distribution,
be admitted duty free.
The second section provides that there shall
be allowed and paid, under such regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe,
on all materials actually used in buildings
erected on theground where said fire occurred,
a drawback of the import duties paid on the
same ; provided, that said materials shall have
been imported at the port of Portland during
the term of one year from and after the 5th
day of July, 186G.
Mr, ALLISON. I object to the bill unless
the second section be stricken out.
Mr. LYNCH moved to suspend the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. LYNCH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lynch, and
Mr. Taylor of Tennessee, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended.
The bill was received and read a first and
second time.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man from Maine to let me move to strike out
the second section.
Mr. LYNCH. The whole amount will be
very small. The amount of goods imported
will be of small consequence.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What about the
second section?
Mr. LYNCH. It provides for drawback on
lumber. Up to March last there was no duty
on lumber. I demand the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Upon that motion
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the bill on the table: and upon a division
there were—ayes 30, noes GO.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
26 noes 4^.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilson, of
Iowa, and Mr. Lynch, were appointed.
The House was again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes fifty-four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
'The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time. ■
_ Mr. LYNCH demanded the previous ques-
tion on thepassage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 737, making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1867, and
for other purposes, recommending concurrence
in some and non-concurrence in others.
First amendment:
Strike oat the following:
J'or facilitating communication between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph, $10,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
After " onehumlred" insert" fifty;"soitwill read:
I'or expenses in detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons engaged in counterfeiting Treas-
ury notes, bonds, and other securities of the United
States, as well as the coins of the United States,
6150,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Insert "grading and fencing grounds, &<>.;" so it
will read:
For completion of north wing of Treasury exten-
sion, grading and fencing grounds, &c„ £300,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Tho amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Add to the foregoing paragraph:
Provided, That tho building shall ho constructed
in accordance with the plan prescribed by the joint
committeo of Congress as exemplified in the. con-
struction of tho south wing.
Mr. KASSON. That plan was changed in its
application to the south wing. By inadvert-
ence in the Senate the plan was perpetuated as
to the new wing. The Senate is convinced that
it made a mistake. The committee recommend
non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
In line twelve, after the word "dollais," insert:
For expenses of detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons engaged in perpetrating frauds
on tho United States, to be disbursed under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of tho Treasury, 810,000.
The committee recommended concurrence.
Tho amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
On page 3, line two, after the word "dollars, "insert:
For the purpose uf pi eparing for publication under
the direction ofthe Secretary of War. and of print-
ing at the Government Printing Otfiee five thousand
copies of tho iivst volume of tho Medical and Surgi-
cal History of the Rebellion, compiled by the Surgeon
General; and for tho purpose of preparing for pub-
lication, undertho direction of the Secretary ot War,
and ot printing at the Government Printing OHice
five thousand copies of the Medical Statistics ot tne
Provost Marshal General's Bureau, to be completed
by Surgeon J. II. Baxter, fQO.OOO: Provided, IhoUhe
editions of both publications thus ordered siialJ be
disposed of as Congress may hereafter uireet: Ana
provided farther, That the necessary engraving and
lithographing for these publications may bo exe-
cuted under the direction of the Secretary oi war
without advertisement.
The committee recommended non-concur-
rence. , .
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The seventh amendment of the ben&te \vas
on page 3, to strike out lines three, four, fivSj
