2334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
of the President's policy, comprehending th e mstant
admission into Congress of loyal representatives from
the States lately in rebellion.
" Secretary Ilarlan was rather reticent, and ex-
pressed no opinion.
"Postmaster General I>ennison was in favor of car-
rying out the restoration policy of the President, but
expressed some doubts as to the precise time at which
loyal representatives from the southern States should
be admitted to seats in Congress.
"Attorney General Speed was not present at the
meeting, being on a visit to his home in Kentucky.
"The President was earnest in his opposition to the
report of thecommittee, and declared himself against
til conditions-precedent to the admission of loyal
representatives from the southern States in tile shape
of amendments to the Constitution or the passage of
laws. He insisted that under the Constitution no
State could he deprived of its equal suffrage in the
Senate, and that SenatorsandRcpresentativcsought
to be at once admitted into the respective Houses, as
prescribed by law and the Constitution. He was for
a rigid adherence to the Constitution as it is, and
remarked that, having sustained ourselves under it
during a terrible rebellion, he thought that the Gov-
ernment could bo restored without a resort to amend-
ments. He remarked in general terms that if the
organic law is to bo ehangod at ali, it should bo at a
time when all the States and all the people can par-
ticipate in the alteration."
Now, Mr. President, if I understand the force
of language, that is not the position that the
President of the United States has hitherto
occupied. If J understand it—and perhaps the
Senator from Connecticut can set me right if I
am in error—the President of the United States
now insists that these States shall be imme-
diately represented; that they are entitled,
under the Constitution of the United States, to
immediate representation in the Senate and
House of Representatives without any ante-
cedent conditions, and the most of his Cabinet
concur in that opinion. I supposg that this is
the antagonist proposition that is put forth from
the White House in opposition to the report of
the committee of fifteen, commonly called the
committee on reconstruction—the immediate
unconditional admission, without any terms,
without, any conditions, of the representatives
of those Stales and of the people of those
Stales.
Mr. SUMNER obtained the floor.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senator to yield to
me for a moment to reply to the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Iowa inti-
mated in his opening remarks that I had some
peculiar knowledge or means of knowledge of
the President's views. He spoke of the ''pe-
culiar relations" in which I stand to the Presi-
dent. The Senator is entirely mistaken in regard
to that. My relations to the President are pre-
cisely similar to those of the Senator himself.
I have seen the President but once within the
space of two mouths, and then for not overlive
minutes. I take his views from his written,
published statements,
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will excuse
me, the fact that the Senator's resolution was
identical 111 spirit and almost in terms with
tlie language attributed in the National Intcl-
ligeneer of this morning to the President led
me to infer 
Mr. DIXON. Jf it is identical in spirit, then
the Senator is mistaken in another point when
he says that the President has now taken new
views and new grounds. Ho says that the
language attributed to the President in the
paper from which he has read, is identical in
spirit with the resolution that I have offered.
My resolution is taken from the President's
veto message of the Freedinen's Bureau bill
more than two months ago; so that the Sen-
ator will see that he is mistaken in sup-
posing that there lias been any change in the
President's views, if mine are identical with |
his; and I do not suppose there has been any
change. I do not suppose that the President
has changed from the views contained in that
resolution. I copied the resolution from the
words of the President contained in that veto
message because 1 thought they were extremely
well expressed and because they were my
views.
Now. I desire to say with regard to this reso-
lution of mine, that I have not offered itin con-
sequence of any consultation with any human
being. I have not seen the President or any
member of the Cabinet or any human being
with regard to it. I read the article in the Even-
ing Post, and it struck me as being true and as
coming from a source entitling it to great weight
and authority. I knew it would be respected by
this body from the character of the writer. I
thought it correct, and it was exactly in accord-'
ance with my sentiments.
I say this because it might possibly be sup-
posed from what the Senator said that this res-
olution of mine has been olfered in consequence
of some consultation. Sir, I am in consultation
•with nobody. I attempt to act here as a Sen-
ator in accordance with my own views of right.
I may be wrong; but I am under the lead of
no master and no man. I care not what the
President or anybody else thinks. If what he
docs and says is right, I support him; if they
are wrong, I denounce him. That, I take it,
is the position of every Senator. No man is
worthy of being a Senator unless that is his
position. I repeat that I have offered this res-
olution without consultation with anybody.
Now, a single word as to the President's
views. I do not see that there is any very
great contradiction. It cannot be supposed
that the President will in every statement which
be makes of his views express every single
shade of idea that he may have heretofore
expressed. He thinks that the southern States
should be represented, flow and by whom ?
Take all his language together, and it is by loyal
men when they come here in an attitude of
harmony and loyalty to the Government and
are represented by loyal men. That is what
my resolution says; that is what the President
says, and 1 believe that is his view.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not intend to convey
the idea that the Senator from Connecticut has
a master; but I submit, after all he has said,
that I was perfectly justified in saying that
peculiar relations subsisted between him and
the President, when he himself admits that he
went, not only for the spirit, but for the identi-
cal language of his resolution, to the celebrated
veto message of the President of the United
States on the Frecdmen's Bureau bill.
Mr. DIXON. It is no uncommon thing for
a resolution to be offered in language taken
from a massage of the President of the United
States. It is frequently done, and it is very
proper, as it strikes me. In some remarks
that I had the honor of making about two
months ago in the Senate, I embodied that
extract from the message of the President as
the expression of my own views. I then said
that I thought it was right, and I have now
offered it in the form of a resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. When I rose a moment ago
I intended to make a remark in reply to the
Senator from Connecticut, but the question
seems to have drifted out of sight. I will ob-
serve, however, that the question involved in
his proposition is so important that I never
regret 
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know if
the unfinished business does not come up at
this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was about to remark that the morning hour has
expired, and it is the duty of the Chair to call
up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
allowing the special order to pass over inform-
ally for a few moments to afford Senators an op-
portunity to make explanations on this subject.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The order
of the day can only be laid aside by unanimous
consent. No objection being made, it is laid
aside informally.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to say that the
proposition involved in the resolution of the
Senator from Connecticut is so important that
it may be considered as perhaps always in order
to discuss it. I do not know that we ought to
pass a day without discussing it in some way.
I certainly do not deprecate this discussion:
but while I say that, I am very positive on
another point: I should deprecate any effort
now to precipitate a decision on that question;
and I most sincerely hope that the Senator from
Maine, the chairman of the committee on recon-
struction, who has this matter in charge, will
bear that in mind. I do not believe that Con-
gress at this moment is in a condition to give
the country the best proposition on this impor-
tant subject. I am afraid that that excellent
committee 1ms listened too much to voices from
without, insisting that there must be an issue
presented to the country. For myself, I have
always thought that that call was premature.
There is no occasion now for an issue to be pre-
sented to the country. There are no elections
in any States. The election in Connecticut
is over. The election in New Hampshire is
over. There are to be no elections before next
autumn. What is the occasion, then, for an
issue to be presented to the country? I see
none, unless Congress, after a most careful and
mature discussion of the whole subject, is able
to present an issue on which we can all honestly
and as one phalanx go forward to battle.
I do not intend to be drawn into a prema-
ture discussion of the issue presented by the
report of the committee on reconstruction. I
merely speak now to the question of time. I
am sure that that report could not have been
made in the last week of March. I am equally
sure that if the committee had postponed their
report until the last week of May they would
have made a better one than they have made
in the last week of April. I hope, therefore,
following out that idea, that all decision of this
question will be postponed as long as possible,
to the end that all just influences may come to
Congress from the country, and that Congress
itself may be inspired by the fullest andamplest
consideration of the whole question.
Why, sir, there is the evidence which has
been laid before this committee. Wehavenot
yet seen it together. That evidence ought to
be together; it ought to be laid before the
whole country ; and we ought to have return-
ing to us from the country the just influence
which the circulation of that evidence is calcu-
lated to cause. I am sure that wherever that
evidence is read the people will say Congress
is justified in insisting upon security for the
future. To that end, I take it, the evidence
was taken, and 1 hope that Congress will not
act until we get the natural and legitimate
influences from that evidence.
But, sir, allow me to say, by way of comment
on the proposition of the Senator from Con-
necticut, that it seems to me my excellent
friend, when he brought forward his proposi-
tion, forgot two things.
, Mr. DIXON. Probably more than that.
Mr. SUMNEk. He says probably more
than that; but the two things lie forgot were
so great, so essential, that to forget them was
to forget everything. In the first place, he for-
got that we had been in a war; and in the sec-
ond place, he forgot that four million human
beings had been changed from a condition of
slavery to freedom. Those two great ruling
facts my excellent friend forgot, evidently,
when he drew up his proposition. He forgot
that we had been in a war, because he fails to
make any provision for that security which
common sense and common prudence, the law
of nations, and every instinct of the human
heart require should be made. He provides
no guarantee. Sir, the essential thing, at this
moment, is a guarantee. The Senator aban-
dons that; but it is because he forgets that we
have been in a war. If I, like the Senator from
Connecticut, could forget this terrible war,
with all the blood and treasure that it has cost
us, I, too, could forget the guarantees; but as
that war is always in my mind, the Senator will
pardon me if I insist that we shall have guar-
antees.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. SUMNER. In one moment I shall
have done. In the second place, I have said
that my excellent friend forgets that four mil-
lion human beings have been changed in their
condition. Four million slaves have been
declared to be freemen; and by whom, and
