4-254
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
July 27,
and six, in which the committee recommended
non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
On page 3, line twelve, after the word "dollars,"
For the repairs of the custom-house and post office
and the walks and fences adjoining the same, at
Middletown, Connecticut, $5,000, the same to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
For the erection of a chapel in the i^ayal Academy
grounds at Annapolis, Maryland, $25,000; and tho
existing appropriation for the enlargement of the
chapel is hereby repealed.  
For reconstructing and repairing the levels on the
Mississippi river, in the States of Mississippi, Louisi-
ana; and Arkansas, $1,500,000, to "wit: $595,000 in the
State of Louisiana; t655,000 in the State of Missis-
sippi, and $250,000 in the State of Arkansas, as near-
ly as may be with a proper regard to the efficiency
of the repairs; said money to bo expended underthe
direction of the Secretary of War, who shall at the
next session of Congress make an accurate and de-
tailedreport to each House therefor, of the amount
of money expended under this appropriation, tho
amount of work done, how and in what manner, where
and by whom, the particular levees repaired or re-
constructed, the rates paid for work and materials,
the condition of the levees, the areas protected by
such repairs or reconstruction, and what sum, if any,
remains unexpended.
The committee recommended concurrence in
the amendment with an amendment striking out
the last clause thereof.
Mr. STEVENS. Non-concurrence.
Mr. KASSON. This amendment embraces
three propositions. The first two the commit-
tee agreed to; the third, which is in regard
to the improvement of the levees, they dis-
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The amendment consists
of three propositions; first, the post office at
Middletown; second, the chapel at Annapolis,
and third, in regard to the levees. The com-
mittee recommend concurrence, with an amend-
ment striking out all in regard to the levees.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to state to the House
that I understand the action of the committee
a little differently. If the question was to_ con-
cur with the amendment the chairman will re-
member it must have failed. There is, I think,
an error in the report. But whether there is
an error or not, the question is presented to the
House, and I shall be glad to have its attention
for five minutes. In my opinion, the House
ought to concur in the amendment of tho Son-
ate, which was reported to the Senate by a
select committee, was fully debated and argued
in the Senate at great length, and only five
Senators in the whole body were found to oppose
theproposition for the improvement of the lower
Mississippi river.
The proposition is to appropriate $1,500,000
for the immediate neccssary repairs of the levees
of the Mississippi river in the States of Arkan-
sas, Louisiana; and Mississippi, and the rea-
sons for it I will briefly state. There are many
(about thirty-one) thousand square miles ol' the
best cotton and sugar lands in the United States
that have been formerly reclaimed from over-
flow and used for the cultivation of cotton. By
reason of the great inundations that have oc-
curred during and since the war, some of the
crevasses of the levees have been caused by the
rebel forces and others by the Union armies,
during the military occupation of the country,
these valuable lands of unequaled fertility are
rapidly comingunder the dominion ofthe cane-
brakes of the South. Unless somethingis speed-
ily done they will be rendered useless for years
to come. Not only will the farms be rendered
incapable of cultivation, but the laborers of the
South, the freedmen, to the number of hun-
dreds of thousands, will be without employment
there unless the improvement is made, and you
will have to continue to vote your millions for
their support. With this improvement you will
not. only cultivate the habit of labor, but you
will provide the means for paying them for the
service which they perform : and in addition to
that you can produce out of these lands, as the
report of the select committee indicates, at
least two million five hundred thousand bales
of cotton annually, which, with an internal
rerenue tax of three cents per pound will pay
some thirty millions of the internal revenue of
the United States annually._ _ .
The necessity for immediate action is this:
if the appropriation is not made at this time
you will not be able to employ your labor dur-
ing the coming winter to effect the repairs,
and you will lose the entire next year's crop.
With the addition of that next year's crop we
can make the balance of exchange between
this country and Europe decidedly in our fa-
vor. Without that crop our embarrassments
may still continue. _ With the cotton tax you
not only replace this money in the Treasury,
but you more than double, you treble or quad-
ruple, the amount expended out of the pro-
ceeds of the crop. I nave made a very brief
statement and I now desire to get a vote upon
it as soon as may be.
Mr. ICELLEY. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the decision of the
committee to non-concur in this amendment
will be sustained. Prior to the establishment
of what was called the confederate government
'the planters of the region in question main-
tained their own levees and took care of_ their
own lands, as we drain our marshes, maintain
our dikes and embankments, and fence and
work our farms in the North. Under the con-
federate government they imposed the duty of
maintaining the levees or dikes upon the pub-
lic treasury. The levees were destroyed while
the owners of the lands they protected were
waging war upon our Government, and now
the attempt is made by this amendment of the
Senate to saddle upon the people of the coun-
try the cost of repairing the damages of war
and neglect. I cannot consent to tax my con-
stituents in order to reward rebels whose lands
are broad baronies. Sir, the Union people of
the Gulf States do not wish us to do it, and in
order that there may be no question of this
assertion I ask the Clerk to read from the New
Orleans Tribune of the 20th an article entitled
"The Mississippi Levee Swindle."
The Clerk proceeded to read, as follows:
"Tub Mississippi Levee Swindle.—"Wesincerely
hopo Congress will not make an appropriation to re-
pair tho lcvccs along the Mississippiriver. No greater
attempt to swindle the loyal people of the country
has ever been witnessed than that now attempted by
a number of leading rebols at Washington to have
Uncle Sam to improve tlioir plantations and pro-
tect them from inundation.
"According to natural law and the provisions of
the Louisiana statutes, ditches, canals, levees, &c.,
nccessary ior the drainage or protection of planta-
tions are to be made by and at the expense of the
planters themselves. This has always been the case
until the coining into power of the late rebel Legis-
lature, when the taxes paid by the people of the
whole State were squandered on levees of planta-
tions in but a small portion of the State. The people
of New Orleans and other parishes pay heavily
enough for their own levees; and it was a gross out-
rage to take their moneys to build the levees of rebel
planters elsewhere. It was by such shameful means
that the State became bankrupt.
"Tho planters abandoned their homes, neglected
their levees, and went into the rebellion against their
Government. They pronounce Congress a rump.
They pass new slave codes. They oppress, imprison,
and murder Union men, and set themselves up in
defiance of the Government of the United States.
They are still waging a war against the Union. Yet
in the true character of a bogus "chivalry" they
petition Oongiess to build their levees. We hope
Congress will do no such thing. The breaking of the
levees is owing to the neglect of planters who went
into the rebellion/ These very planters were for-
merly very adverseto themakiag of internal improve-
ments by the General Government. They have not
yet recanted their State-right heresies. They de-
serve no aid from the loyal people.
" The truth is, the oligarchy is bankrupt and about
to sell out. This levee scheme is the last effort of the
rebel planters to hold their heads 'above water.'
"Let Congress give them an appropriation and the
oligarchy will again thrive. Let Congress refuse, and
these rebels who now declare that they will not sell
a foot of land to a Yankee or a negro, will be ruined,
as they deserve to be, and then their plantations will
be sold out. Union men, new men of energy and
patriotism, but of small mean:?, will then have some
chance. The large plantations will then be divided
into small farms, in the northern style, and every
poor loyal man will have an opportunity to purchase.
It is ofthe utmost importance to tho loyal millions
that Congress should refuse the unjust appropriation
demanded by the Gibsons, Claihornes, and other no-
torious rebels from this State. Not a loyal paper of
this State indorses their wicked demands. Nota loyal
manin Louisiana wishes them success. Let Congress
study this subject carefully. Let it stand by the poor
downtrodden Union people. Let it beware how it
gives aid and comfort to our enemies and new life to
tho expiring oligarchy. Congress owes it to its friends
in this State to refuse its sanction to this swindling
scheme, by which the money oi tho United States
Government is to be expended in enriching its ene-
mies and tightening the bonds which already hang
so heavily on the Union men. LetCongressdo nothing
and the oligarchy is dead."
Mr. KELLEY. I now ask the reading of a
brief paragraph from another Louisiana paper,
the organ of the owners of the levees, the peo-
ple who are now applying for this relief. It is
from the New Orleans Times of the 20th of the
present month, the date of the Tribune from
which the article has just been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Let the radicals, Stevens, Sumner, et id ontne
genua, repent of their misdeeds, and we will forgive
the past and shake hands with them. But let them
repent as speedily as possible for the day of their
salvation draws to a close. _ If they neglect the pres-
ent opportunity, and especially if they should resort
to their usual practice of endeavoring to thwart the
efforts of the friends of the Constitution, who desiru
to restore the Union to its integrity and to promote
a spirit of reconciliation among all parties, we can-
not answer for the consequences."
Mr. IvELLEY. I hope we shall not give
these people $1,500,000, with which to replen-
ish their caitridge-boxes. If they mean to have
another war let them wage it with their own
means, and not ours.
Mr. KASSON. In answer to what has been
read from the New Orleans Tribune, I wish to
have read what the New York Tribune says on
the subject. It is as follows:
"southebtf Levees.—The extraordinary floods of
this season have proved fearfully destructive in the
Southwest. Louisiana, west of the Mississippi and
south of tho Red river, has been mainly under water,
perhaps still is; while eastward of the Mississippi,
the rich valley of the Yazoo, withits tributaries, em-
bracing three million five hundred thousand acres of
the most pioductive cotton land in the world, is in
good partsoflooded asto bescarcelyhabitable. This
is partly owing to the floods; partly to the natural
wasting and caving in of the banks during the last
throe or four years of war, which rendeied proper
attention ro them impossible; and partly to their
being cut from time to time«in the prosecution of hos-
tilities. It is probable that not Jess than ten million
acres ofthe richest portions of the Southwest, capa-
ble ofproducingabale(four hundred pounds) of cot-
ton to the acre, have thus been so flooded that they
ior this year can at best barely subsist their scattered,
wasted inhabitants, instead of adding, as they might,
some fifty million dollars to the exportable produce
of the country.
"The inhabitants of the Yazoo valley have, there-
fore, appealed to Congress for aid. They are not
represented in either House; they are utterly with-
out capital, or the means of obtaining it; but they
want to go to work and enrich their country; and
they will, if they can be protected against the devas-
tating floods which they arc wholly unable to shut
oat.
"Congress having decided to put a duty of fiveeents
per pound on raw cotton, must, if only for tho Treas-
ure's sake, endeavor to stimulate and expand the
cotton culture. Had $5,000,000 been seasonably ex-
pended on the levees of the Mississippi. Yazoo, and
Jtted rivers, not less than double the amount would
have been added to the re venue from this year's prod-
uct of cotton alone; and the good thus effected would
have endured and borne fruit for years, much of it
forever. Assuming that the cotton tax will have to
be borne for five years, $5,000,000 expended on levees
this year, and $1,000,000 per annum for tho next four—
$9,000,000 m all—would return to tho Treasury not
les3 than $50,000,000, beside adding immensely to tho
development and expansion of ournational wealth.
" We beg Congress not to adjourn withoutconsider-
ing and acting on this subject. Grant that it is too
late to effect anything this year; if not acted on now
it will be too late to provide protection for the indus-
try of next year. But if Congress should now act
we may be certain of a very large extension of
planted surface next year, and at least double crops
on all the richest cotton and sugar lands of the pro-
lific Southwest."
This is the sentiment not only of the New
York Tribune. Almost all the New York pa-
pers, as well as the Chicago papers, the Cin-
cinnati papers, the Chronicle of this city—in
fact, all the radical leading organs in the conn-
try have urged this measure upon us as a duty
which we owe to the financial and agricultural
interests of the country. They point to the
fact, which must be obvious to every reflecting
mind, that this is not a measure for the benefit
of the rebels in the sense in which it is spoken
of. Where will these people get the implements
with which this work will be done? In Mas-
sachusetts or Pennsylvania. Where will they
get the skilled labor for the construction of
these levees ? Where they have always pro-
