1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
We want to see also the Navy of our country
represented, that Navy which ought to be will-
ing to assist us in the slight demand we make
uj>on it. We want the people of Europe to see
of what our Navy is composed, our iron-clads
and monitors, as novel in naval architecture
as was the yacht America. We want them
to see our twenty-inch guns and the thousand-
pound projectiles we have fabricated. The
naval authorities, of our country, I am told,
would not hesitate to challenge the navies of
the whole world to discharge their batteries
upon one of our unresisting and silent monitors
sleeping on their waters like a turtle, if they
will allow that monitor to return the fire of each
by a single shot. We want the people of the
world to see what our mechanics have done
and what they may do; and we want, too, to
impress upon the people of Europe and Asia
that if there is a chance to make friends with
the Americans it is better to do it than to make
us enemies. We want to show them that we
prefer peace, that the fruits of -peace are our
pride, but that if war be made by their rulers
they must not count on an unresisting war, but
on one that will carry havoc and devastation
into (heir country as it has been carried into
the country of our enemies. [Applause.] Wc
want, too, that thatmost simple, that mostpure,
that most spotless hero of this or any age, Ad-
miral Farragut, shall command in the waters
of Europe our iron-clads and our monitors,
and give (,hc people an evidence of the sim-
plicity of (he man whose naval exploits are
equal to the brilliant achievements of Duguay
Xrouin of France. of Van Tromp of Holland,
or Nelson of the English navy. And that lie
may not stand alone, wo want that our own
gallant soldiers shall be represented by their
leaders, Grant and Sherman and Sheridan,
that wi! may show the world of what stuff our
Army and Navy aie made.
In the way of peace and for the purpose of
averting ivar, there is and there can be no act
of the American Government so important as
this. I can scarcely doubt that the Emperor of
France desires war with this country. One who
sits upon a bayonet has a sharp seat and can-
not rest quiet long. But Napoleon and the
other rulers of Europe must satisfy the people
of their respective Governments that they have
an easy task and a sure end. While he has the
power to represent America as he chooses, and
France as he chooses), the people have no me-
dium of instruction except through his repre-
sentations. But in this industrial theater of
nations, the voice of rulers will not be more
potential Ihan thai of the people. The thin and
deceptive veil of diplomacy which has been
hanging between Governments and the people
for centuries, and which is responsible for the
injustice of nations, will be. lifted, and the peo-
ple of Europe will understand th.e people of
Ameiica.
God, in His providence, in this thegreatest of
all providences, now gives to the democracy of
America an opportunity to speak face to face
wilh the democracy of Europe. The products
of industry coiu'lituto the language of labor ; it
is a universal tongue; every man will com-
prehend it. And when they shall have seen for
themselves the results of our war and capacity
in peace they will make known to the rulers of
the European world that the people of this
country are to be preferred as friends rather
than as enemies. Thus, in the mere matter of
peace and war. in preserving our relations with
the Govcrnmentsof other nations upon a proper
basis, and in the means of defending our rights, .
a just representation is the best possible appeal
we can make.
But it is not in this view alone that such rep-
resentation is important. This great industrial
congress will constitute an era in our indus-
trial history, as it will in the civilization of the
world.
Let mo recall a few of the leading features
of our position and power almost unknown to
us, and never contemplated by the people of
other countries.
Our cereal products double in quantity every
ten years. They are now more than the grain
crops of France; and equal to the grain crops
of England, and in ten years they will be larger
than the crops of both empires. Lamkrtine,
in his letter justifying the French occupation
of Mexico, states distinctly that the North
American continent is to become the granary
of the world, and that' France must control a
portion of its territory or be subordinate to the
Government and people of the United States.
The cotton crop gives employment to forty
million Europeans. It has been cultivated in
eight States, really in but, five States. The
utmost extent of this product has been five
million bales a year. It can be successfully
and profitably cultivated in^jventy States, cer-
tainly iu more than half of the States of the
Union. And instead of being limited to five
million bales a year as the extent of the most
favorable crops, we will within a few years send
to the markets of the world twenty million
bales of cotton each year.
The grape is an indigenous product of this
country. In the Mexican border States, on
the Pacific coast, in the valley of the Missis-
sippi, on the Ohio, and in other States, there
is evidence abundant, plentiful, and undeni-
able, that in a few years we shall share at least
in the profits of the wine manufacture. We
already export wines, with other agricultural
products, from the Pacific coast to South
America, Australia, the Sandwich Islands,
Japan, and other Asiatic ports.
The mineral wealth of this country is fabu-
lous. N o man would be believed for a single
moment in the court of nations next year if
he stated upon his own responsibility what is
the possible, even the probable, development
of the mineral wealth of this country. It is
only when the Government shall make its state-
ment that the people of the Old World will
credit the relation. Our mineral legions ex-
tend over seventeen parallels of latitude and
nearly an equal number of longitude, embra-
cing two million square miles, the whole of
which is plethoric and bursting with iron, lead,
copper, asphaltum, quicksilver, silver, gold,
and many other minerals.
Several years since I was impressed with the
statement made to mo by our minister to Bel-
gium, Mr. Sanford, who said that Baron Von
Humboldt had told him that in his judgment, it
was impossible that the mountains of Virginia
should not yield diamonds ; that the configura-
tion and character of the country of Virginia
indicated to Humboldt, who knew the physical
world as other men know mankind, that the
mountains of Virginia would ultimately be
found a depository of this the richest and most'
rare of precious stones.
And in continuation of this philosophic sug-
gestion, made by a man who could read the
indications of the surface of the earth, as an
expert in natural science recognizes a fish by
its bones or its scales—as if in exemplification
and confirmation of this philosophic theory of
Humboldt, we see it announced iu the southern
portion of the continent that diamonds and other
precious stones have already been discovered.
We know comparatively nothing of the mineral
character, the mineral resources, the mineral
wealth of our country; and it is only when we
shall stand in the council of scientific men,
representing all parts of the world, and thor-
oughly conversant with all its wondrous devel-
opments, our own resources fully and justly
represented, that we shall be able to estimate
the value of that we have by that which we
have in our possession but do not yet compre-
hend and rightly value.
I need not speak of the petroleum discov-
eries in the view or with the spirit of specula-
tion. I have no eyes for speculation. I never
saw in my life a share of stock or scrip of any
sort; and I have no care for such things. I
have no doubt that, so far as petroleum is the
subject of speculation, it will be an injury as
all speculation is. But we must look at the
developments of nature in whatever aspect they
present themselves. Herein our own country,
in our n-iost jjopulous States, we discover that
Providence has given to us a form of wealth
necessary to all nations and in all pursuits, and
which is foundin almost exhaustless quantities.
It would seem as if precious oils flowed in the
veins of the earth as does its water; that when
it is exhausted in one place it appears in another,
and when exhausted in the second fountain it
reappears again in the first. So, making any-
ordinary and reasonable draft upon this most
bounteous and most miraculous development of
our wealth, we may well say that it is exhaust-
less. It extends from the Alleghanies to the
Pacific coast, and may befouiid anywhere with-
in an area of two million square miles, and no
man can put his foot down or fix his stake at
any point at which he may not penetrate the
earth and receive wealth in this form.
Let me look at another point in which we
have or ought to have some interest. It is the
railway system. The railway is a new element
of power. We have thirty-one thousand miles
of railroad—four times as much as England—
more than any other country. We can build
as much as we want, and as soon as we desire.
Other nations count the cost; but we have no
cost; for to invest in a railway is to give value
to that property which we possess in other
forms. The construction of our railways has
cost us $1,100,000,000; $800,000,000, as I
stated the other day, were expended between
1850 and 1800. And 1 have no doubt that be-
tween 1870 and 1880, $1,000,000,000 more will
bo invested, so that we shall have a railway to
every part of this country, connecting all the
points of domestic wealth, whether the coal of
Pennsylvania, the lead of Illinois, the copper
of Michigan, or the gold and silver of the Pa-
cific coast, with the commerce of the world.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that, by
unanimous consent, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts be allowed to conclude his remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. BANKS. Again, sir, consider the ques-
tion in another regard, which is moral and*
mental. Mr. Oliphant, a member of the Brit-
ish Parliament,, said in a public speech the
other day that in religious and secular educa-
tion the United States are ahead of the whole
world. It is well known that we appropriate
more money in public education than all other
States. Tn this Exhibition of 18(57 education
will be a material feature ; and it would be a
crime if the nations of the earth are to be rep-
resented in point of education, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States should not be
properly represented.
And the same is true of the public press of
the country—the American institution which
gave in I860 four thousand journals and a
thousand million copies jjer annum, and now
yields double the number of copies, or two a
week for every person in the United States.
Now, sir, in the court of nations, these facts
will make an impression iipon the world in two
respects in which we have much interest: first,
in regard to our finances, and second, in re-
gard to our population. Capital is proverb-
ially heartless, and will go wherever it finds
material for safe and profitable investment.
European nations are insecure in their polit-
ical relations. Wc are secure if we settle our
domestic affairs, as I have no doubt we shall.
We will show in our mineral development, in
our increased cotton products, in the exten-
sion of our cereals, such an absolute serenity
in reference to the payment of our public and
private debts, as to deprive the capitalists of
Europe of any, even the slightest, apprehension
in making investments in our country.
I say, and I think without exaggeration—I
know it is a strong statement that I am about
to make—if the Government of the country
should issue its scrip in small sums, paying
seven, eight, nine, or ten per cent, interest,
with a full and fair representation of our ma-
terial wealth and the character of our people
to the people, it would break every savings
bank in Europe if the Governments did not
interfere to stop subscriptions.
Look at our population, sir, and the great
