1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3295
any cigars, or tobacco for making cigars, which may be
found in possession of such person, and the same shall
bo forfeited to the United States and sold; and the
proceeds of such salo shall be distributed between the
United States and the informer, if tliero be any, as
provided by law.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by striking out the following
proviso in lines two thousand and forty-five,
two thousand and forty-six, and two thousand
and forty-seven:
Provided, That journeymen cigar-makers and ap-
prentices, who work for others, shall not be included
in this provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two thou-
sand and forty-nine to strike out "a book"
and insert " book-form."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two thou-
sand and fifty-eight after "person" to strike
out the words "furnished with such permit,"
and in line two thousand and sixty to strike
out "their" and insert "his."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two thou-
sand and sixty-six to strike out "duty" and in-
sert " tax;"' inline two thousand and seventy-
three to strike out "and;" and inline two
thousand and seventy-five to strike out "duties''
and insert "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two thou-
sand and seventy-nine to strike out "any" and
insert "if;" in line two thousand and eighty
to strike out " whoin line two thousand and
eighty-one to insert "to" before "pay;" in
line two thousand and eighty-one to strike out
"duties" and insert " taxes ;" after "act," in
line two thousand and eighty-two, to strike out
"or who shall purchase any cigars from any
person not holding such permit, the duties
thereon not having been paid, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and," and to insert
"he shall;" after "cigars," in line two thou-
sand and eighty-seven, to insert " may be seized
by the collector and;" after "forfeited," in
line two thousand and eighty-eight, to strike
out " and sold, one fourth for the benefit of the
informer, one fourth for the officer who seized
or had them condemned, and one half to the
Government," and insert "to the United
States so as to read:
And if such purchaser shall neglect for more than
fifteen days to pack and have such cigars duty in-
spected, and to pay the taxes thereon a-eeordim.' to this
act, ho shall bo fined not exceeding $0U0 and ho im-
prisoned not exceeding six months, at the diseiction
of the court, and the cigars may be seized !>v the col-
lector, and shall be forfeited to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have now arrived
at what seems to be a good place to stop, and
I think it would be very hard on the Clerk to
go any l'urtherto-day. I propose, therefore, to
stop here with this bill to-day if the Senate is
willing.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. IIENDRICKS. I think we might as
well adjourn. It is pretty hard work to attend
to this bill for so many hours, and I move an
adjournment.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire a short executive
session for a particular purpose which will only
occupy a few moments.
Mr. IIENDRICKS. Very well, T withdraw
my motion.
The motion of Mr. CONNESS was agreed
to; and after some time spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and the- Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 20, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
leave of a.bsenoe.
On motion of Mr. CULLOM, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. Fakusworth for two
weeks from Monday last.
iowa land (jrant.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on
Public Lands House bill No. 413, granting to
the State of Iowa land in alternate sections
to aid in the construction of the Iowa Central
railroad.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. I object.
safety of passendhhs.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Commerce, reported
back Senate amendments to House bill No. 477,
further to provide for the safety of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, to regulate the sala-
ries of steamboat inspectors, and for other pur-
poses, with the recommendation that they be
non-concurred in.
Tire amendments were non-coucurrcd in.
Mr. EGG LESTON then moved that a com-
mittee of conference be requested on the disa-
greeing votes between (ho two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
o. t. kay.
Mr. McRIJER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint1 resolution authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to settle the account
of C. T. Fay ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
punishment of chimes.
Mr. BOUT WELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend an act in addition to
the act for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United Slates, and to repeal the
acts therein mentioned, passed April 18, 1818;
which was read a lirst and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
new mexico and arizona.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, by unanimous eon-
sent, reported, from tho Committee on Public
Lands, House bill No. 315, for the relief of
the inhabitants of towns and villages in the
Territories of New Mexico and Arizona; which
was ordered to be printed and recommitted to
the Committee on Public Lands.
CONSl'L AT (JIMIHEO.
Mr. SCIIENCK, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution ; which was
read, cousideied, and agreed to :
llnsolvrd. That the Commiltce on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire into tlio expediency of mak-
ing the UniUid States consulate at Quebcc a salaried
officer, and report by bill or otherwise.
reconstruction.
Mr. WAS11BTJRNE, of Illinois. I ask
leave of the House to sign my name to the
report of the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion. 1 was absent when it was made.
No objection was made.
RICHMOND EXAMINER.
Mr. INGEIiSOLL asked unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
lh sule'-tl, That the Secretary of State and the Post-
master (lonerul aio hereby directed to mfojm this
Hou«ewhy it is that public printing for their respect-
ive Departments is given to theilichmond K<cam-
iner, a newspaper published at Richmond, Virginia.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
pensions.
Mr. PERU AM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, to which was referred a reso-
lution of the House in regard to an increase
of pensions, with leave to report at any time,
reported back the same with an accompany-
ing bill increasing the pensions of widows and
orphans, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second tune.
The bill was read in full. It extends the
provisions of the pension laws to provost niai-
shals, deputy provost mai.-hals, and enrolling
officers who have been killed or wounded in
the discharge of their duty ; and^ for the pur-
pose of determining the amount of pensions to
which such persons and their dependents shall
be entitled, provost marshals shall be ranked
as captains, deputy provost marshals as first
lieutenants, and enrolling officers as second
lieutenants. The bill also provides for an in-
crease of two dollars per month foi each child
of deceased soldiers orsailois under sixteen
years of age, and where there is more than one
child and no widow, the pension to such chil-
dren shall lie increased to the same amount that
would be allowed under the foregoing provisions
to the widow if living and entitled to a pension ;
provided that in no ease shall more than one
pension be allowed to the same person.
Mr. PERIIAM. In presenting this report I
am directed by the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions to make a brief statement to the House
of our legislation in reference to the subject of
granting pensions.
Early in tho last Congress and repeatedly
during the whole Congress propositions were
presented to the committee for an increase of
pensions, and the committee became satisfied
that the tax-payers of this country generally
desired that the pensions of the wounded sol-
diers and of the dependents of such as have
been killed in the service should be increased.
The committee fully recognized the propriety
of that, believing that the increase in the cost
of living would warrant to tho fullest extent
an increase of pension. Tho question arose
in the committee, how shall that increase be
made?
The committee found that there was a largo
class of persons who, in their opinion, were
entitled to pensions, lint who were excluded
by the prov isions of the law and the rules for
the administration of the law in that regard.
They therefore thought it proper to extend the
provisions of the law to that class of people.
They also found that a large number of persons
wdio were receiving eight dollars per month
were suffering under comparatively slight dis-
ability, to whom eight dollars a month is a very
fair compensation for their disability. Tliey
found, also, that a great many other persona
entitled to pensions weie entirely disabled, who
had lost both hands or both eyes or had been
shot almost to pieces, who were in such a con-
dition that absolutely required tho constant
attention of others to help them along through
life. We came to the conclusion that the best
way to increase pensions was to increase them
to these disabled pensioners in proportion to
their disabilities.
Previous to the act of .July 14,1802, privates
in the Marine corps were entitled to S3 50 and
sailors five dollars per month. Widows of the
Florida and Indian and Mexican wars, 50,
and of tho war of 1812 four dollars per month.
By this act the pensions to these classes of
persons engaged in the war then in progress,
as well as all the widows, were increased to
eight dollars; and extended to minor children
and dependent mothers, and sisters of deceased
ofliceis, soldieis, and sailors. By the act of
July -I, 18i; 1. the provisions of the pension laws
were extended to persons, not enlisted, who
volunteered to fight in any organized military
force.
It was found that in some instances persons
who hail been enlisted but not mustered into
the service were forced into battle at once and
were cither killed or disabled before they were
mustered in. This act allows pensions to such
soldiers the same as if they had been mustered
in. It also proposes to increase the pensions of
those who had lost two eyes or two hands to
twenty-five dollars a month, and those who have
lost two feet to twentv dollars per month.
-Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I would like to ask
the gentleman a question which was put to me
last Hi™ht by a soldier who has been wounded
and who would be entitled to a pension. I
am glad of this opportunity of asking the gen-
tleman if there is any law which denies to an
invalid pensioner his pension when he goes
into the civil service of the Government.
Mr. PERIIAM. The law which excluded
him has been repealed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I am very glad to
