1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Ml
Bromwcll, Brooks, Broomall.Bundy, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,^ Cook,^ Culiom,
Dawes, ~
Driggs,
Oarfiold,      v , -
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hayes, liisby,
Holmes, Hooper, Asahol W.IIu bbp-rd, Chest crD. Hub-
bard, Comas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin jn'.
Hubbeil, Hnlburd, James M. Humphrey v lngersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Juhan, K el ley, Kelso, Kerr,
WiiliamLawrenc'e, LeUlond, Loan,Lonsy ear, Lynch,
Marshall, Marston, MoCIurs, McCullouprh, MeKee,
Moorhead. Morrill, Morris, Houl^on, Myers, Niblaek,
"Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,Paine,Patterson,Porham,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Kiidi'qrd, Samuel J.
Randall, Alexander li. Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter,
Rogers, Rollins, Road, Sawyer, fc>chcnck, ^bcofielu,
nam, Burt Van Horn, Voovhees, Ward, Warner, El-
ihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, \V elker,
Wentworth, Williams, James Wilson, Stephen i.
Wilson, Windom, Winfieid, and Woodbridge—13o.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. BueldaiKl. Culver,Delano,
Dumont Harris, Ilotchkiss, James 11. Hubbeil, iilc-
Indoo, McRuer, Newell, Rousseau, Whaley, and
Wright—13.
So the motion to postpone was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now demand the
previous question on the motion to recommit
the bill with instructions.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would ask that those
instructions be read.
They were read, as follows :
Recommit with an instruction to the eommittoe to
amend the bill so as to extend the ri?ht of suffrage in
the District of Columbia to all persons comini? within
either of the following classcs, irrespective ot' caste or
color, but subicct only to existins provisions and qual-
ifications other than those founded on caste or color,
to wit: T .
1. Those who can read the Constitution of the uni-
ted States.
2. Those who are assessed for and pay taxes on real
or x>ersonal property within the District.
3. Those who have served 111 and been honorably,
discharged from the military or naval service of the
United States.
And to restrict such right of suffrage to the clashes
above named, and to ineludc proper provisions ex-
cluding from the right of fftiffrage those who have
borne arms against the United States during the late
rebellion, or given aid and comfort to said rebellion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilsox] allow mo to propose an j
amendment to those instructions? [
Mr. WILSON, of Jowa. J will hear the j
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
So'iiexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to strike out this
clause of the instructions:
2. Those who are assessed for and pay taxes on real
or personal piopeity \wiliin the District.
And then 1" shall move to insert the following
in its proper place:
Provided, hnicvvcr. That no loyal citizen of said Pis-
trict now having the right to vote theiein .-had be
disfranchised.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. I cannot agree to
thai. I will permit the gentleman to make the
motion to strike out.
Mr. STEVEN'S, f hope wo will not make
these instructions any better than they are : they
are bad enough at best.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will move to amend these
instructions by striking out the property quali-
fication.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now call the pre-
vious'question. I will say that I modified my
motion to recommit by accepting as a part of
it the amendment moved by the member from
New York [Mr. Hale] to recommit with cer-
tain instructions. I stated yesterday when I
agreed to accoptthat amendment that I should
myself oppose it and vote against it. But 1 ac-
cept it as a modification of my own motion, so
as to save the taking of one vote. And I have
also consented that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. schenck] should submit his motion to
amend the instructions.
Mr. CONKLINGr. 1 wish to inquire whether
my colleague [Mr. Hale] cannot accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] to his amendment, although his
amendment has been accepted by the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Wilsox. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Hale] would have
the right to accept the amendment moved by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Souexck.] The
gentleman front Iowa [Mr. Wilson] cannot pre-
clude him from the right of accepting a modifi-
cation, for it is a personal right of the gentle-
man from New York who moved these instruc-
tions, although the gentleman from Iowa, in
order to save time, has accepted them as a part
of his own motion.
Mr. HALE. I cannot accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Are not those various
propositions divisible?
The SPEAKER. They are not; a motion to
recommit with instructions is not divisible.
Theprevious question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered ; which was upon
the amendment of Mr. Schexok.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish lo state merely
that I have no disposition to prolong this discus-
sion, and I desire to have this bill brought, to a
vote. The objections to these instructions which
have occurred to my mind I will briefly state, in
the first place, the most material objection is the
one relating to the lust instruction proposed to
be sent to the committee, which reads as fol-
lows :
And to restrict the ri^ht of suffrage to the classes
above named—
that is, to "those who can read the Constitu-
tion of the United States/' ''those who arc
assessed for and pay taxes on real or personal
properly within the District,'' and "those who
have served i'n and bee i honorably discharged
from the military or naval service of the United
States." It will be observed by every member
of th * House that if these instructions are given
to the committee, it will be a vote on the part
of the House in favor of depriving oven loyal
white men of the right of voting in this District.,
if they do not come within one of these qual-
ifications.
Now, notwithstanding I accepted these.in-
structions as a part of my motion, I stated at
the time that 1 should oppose the motion, al- ;
though made by myself. This is now inasuape j
that I do not >ec how any man can justify Inm- :
self in voting to recommit with these instrue- ]
tions, when it would deprn e even hnal while \
men in the District of the right to vote, to say
nothing of its effects on the blacks.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to address an inquiry
to the chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, [Mr. Wilsox, of Iowa.]
,[Cries of l;Order! "'Order!"]
The SPE AKER. The previous question hav-
ing been seconded, and the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] who reported this bill,
having concluded his remarks in close ot ithe
debate, further debate is not now in order.
The qneslion being taken upon the amend-
ment, of Mr. Sen pack, it was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon recom-
mitting the bill with the instructions proposed
by Mr. Hale, as amended on motion of Mr.
Sciiexck.
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it wai decided
in the negative—yeas "j'i. nays 117, not voting
12 : as follows :
YT■ )'>. Anderson. Banks. Blow, Brandc^oe,
Bromwell. jlueHand Reader W. Clarke, Conklinjr,
iJarlinp. Davis Dawes, Detiees. Delano, Denim?, Dix-
on, l)rr-"-<s. Bokloy, P^slc^for, 1'c.iu. (driswold, Unle,
! 11 art, Have', lionder-on, lloooer. Hulburd. Jainos
Humphrey, Jenckes, Kas-on, Keteham, Kuvkendull,
Latlm, Latham, Geor/e V. Lawicnce, William Law-
rpnee, Ijonyvoa1*, Maivin, Miller, Moorhead, Morris,
Myers, O'Nei 11, Plant-. Raymond, Alexander H.Riee,
Seb Click. IStdhvell, Tro\\ bn<I (:e,BurfcYn_n Horn, 1 Rob-
ert T.Yan liom, Warner, William 11, W ashburn, and
W oodbmK'e—5:>. .
X 1YS—Jles.-'-s. Alley, Allison, A me, Ancona, De-
los 11. Ashley, J a mes M. Ashley. Baiter, Baldwin, Bar-
ker, Baxter, Beaman, Beniamm, Bergen. Bidm-11,
Bmsbam. Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall,
Buridy,
Dawson
wort"
year.t, *un m., i, nv......, - - ~ - - ------
ing, ltigby, Ilill, Ilusan, Ilulines, Asahel \V. lluhhard,
Chester 1). Hubbard, Bemas Hubbard, John Ii;liub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbeil, J aroes M. 11 uinphrey, inger-
soll, dohn.son. Jones, Julian, Kciley, Kelso, Kerr, Be
Blond. Loan, Bvncll. ^larsllail, Alarston, MeCinrtr,
MeOullou^h, MeKee, Mercui-, iMomll, Mouiton, -\ ib-
laek. Nicholson, Koeil, Ortb, Paine, Patterson, Per-
lunrt,Phelps,Pomeroy,Price, ltadford, Samuel J. Ban-
da!!. William H.KandaD.JohiiH.llice.lliUer, Rogers,
Rolling, tUe-. Sawyer, SeoQeld, Slianlslin, Shellabar-
pcr, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Spalding,Starr, Stevens,
Btrouse, Taber. Taylor,Thayer, Francis Thomas, John
Ij. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble,Upson, Van Aernam.
Voorhees.Ward, Elihu lJ.Washburne, Weiker.Went-
worth,Williams. James F."Wilson, Stephen P.Wilson,
Windom, and Winfieid—117.
NOT VOTIK U—Messrs. Culver, Humoiit, Harris,
Hotchkiss, James K. IXabJooll, Mclndoe, Meituer,
Newell, Pike, Itousseau, \VThaIey, and Wright—12.
So the House refused to recommit the bill
with the proposed instructions.
The hill was then ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed,It
was accordingly read the third time. .
The question being on the final passage of
the bill,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MYERS. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to yield to me for one moment that I may
offer an amendment. [SeveralMembers. "Oh,
no."] It is simply to provide that at least one
year's actual residence in the District of Colum-
bia shall be necessary to entitle a person to vote.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to amend
the bill at this stage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FINCtL I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 54, not voting
]2; as follows:
Yi' Vi-' -Mc-si-. Al'ev, Allison. Ames, Ja.mcsM.Ash-
ley. Baker. Baldwin, H,i nks. Tuirker.Baxter, Beaman,
Bidwell. Bingham, Blaine, blow. Boulwe!!, Brande-
P'Bnimweil, Broomal!, Buckiand, Binnly, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkhng, Cook, Cul-
iom, Pariins;, Davis, -Dawes, Defreos, Heiano. !>m-
dDixon, Bonneily, Dris'.^.s, Kckley, E^lcston, El-
iot, i';u'iiswortb, Peny, (i.iilicld. (Jiinneli, Giiswold,
Hale, AbnerO. Hardin!-', Uarr, Haves. Hia-by, Holmes.
Hooper, Asalie! tt\ Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John
H.Hubbaid, Iiulbm-d, Jame-' liunnihrey, Inscrsoll,
Jeiirkes, Juli:ui, Kassen, KeSIev, !\elst>, Ketcham,
]iallin.(iooi'?e V. Lawrenee. Wdliamli 'wrence.Loan,
Loturyear, Pencil. A1.'i l1;, iM.irvin. i\lc(J!uru, jYier-
rui, A: illor, J!o<uberd, Aloi l ill, Aloi ri.-, Mouiton, My-
ers, O'Nedt, Orth, I'.une, Patter.-,on, Perhani, Pike,
i'lants, Pomeroy,Piu-e. Haymord,Alexander [I. Rice,
i John it. lticc, Rollins. Saw\ei, ^cbenek, S^-otield,
! Shellabareer. 81oon. Si'.ildin'-'. Starr, Stevens, Thayer,
i Prancis Tboi'ias, Trowbudsie, Upson, Van Aernam,
I Burt Vanilom, Waul, Winner, Elihu li. Wasiiburno,
! William B. Washburn, Welkcr. Went worth, Wil-
; i liains, James P. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Windom,
and Woorfhvata—-116.
XAi'S .Mcs.-rr. Ancona. Anderson, Pclos K. Ash-
Icy. Benjamin, Bergen, lloyer. Brooks Olianler, Daw-
son, Henison, Eldridge, Parquhar, Finck, Mossnren-
ner, t-ioodvear, Gridcr, Aaron Hardin?. Henderson,
Hill, llosnn, Chester 1). Hubbard, Pdwm N. Hubbeil,
James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Kuyken-
d.i-U, Latham, Lo Blond, Jlarshall, McCullouah, Me-
Kee, NiWack, Kieholson, Jioclt, Phelps, ltadford,
Samuel J. Itandall. William 11. Randall. Ritter,
Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitsreaves, bonth. Stillwell,
SI iou-e, Taber, Taylor, Thorm011. rTliniblc, Robert .1.
Van Horn, Voorbees, and \\'intield—ot.
.NOT YOTHnU—Messrs. Culver, Diimont, Tlarns,
Hotehkiss. James It. Hubbeil. Mciudoe, Ab li-iior.
Yewell, Rousseau, John L. Thoma^, V1, buley, anu
Wiis!it-V2.
So the bill was passed.
The announcement of the result was greeted
in the galleries and on the floor with loud dem-
onstrations of applause, which the Speaker was
for some time unable to cheek.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will slate to
gentlemen of the House that it is useless for him
to attempt to enforce order in the galleries if
members will not observe their own rules.
; Mr. KPALDLXO. 1 move lo reconsider the.
j vote just taken; and also move that the motion
: to reconsider be laid on the table.
| The latter motion was agreed ta.
! LEAVE 01' ABSENCE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask leave of absence in-
v definitely for my colleague, Mr. Delaxo, who
j lias been called to his home by a death in his
I; family.
Leave was granted.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 ask leave of absence for
myself until Tuesday next.
Leave was granted.
Mr. THAYER. 1 move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and lifty minutes) the House
adjourned.
