1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1375
area \to occupy, as elements of wealth. The
territory is equal to that of Europe. It is suf-
ficient lo support a thousand million people.
The valley of the Mississippi alone, with its
tributaries between the mountains, will support
a thousand million people populated as ling-
land is, three hundred,and thirty-three to a
square miie. It will yield all the products of
Europe and Asia. Tea and coffee will grow
in the Southwest, and with grain grown in the
Northwest, in ten or twenty years the whole
world will look to America for food. Our pop-
ulation is keeping progress with our advance
in material wealth. We had thirty millions of
population in 1SG0.
Every thirty years we double our population
as is very well known. France has increased
thirty-seven per cent, in sixty years; Russia has
grown one hundred and fifteen per cent., and
England one hundred and thirty-one per cent,
in the same time; while the increase of our
population has been live hundred and ninety-
three per cent. With freedom recognized as
the condition of all, in 187G, a century from
the Declaration of Independence, we shall have
fifty millions of people, and at the close of the
century a hundred millions. In 1950, not long
distant, the population of the present territory
of the United States will equal two liuudied
and hft}r milHons, neaily equal to the entire
population of Europe. In the hands of such a
people the wealth that appears now will be as
nothing. They will have penetrated the earth
in every direction, and brought to profitable
investment and useful purposes many now hid-
den sources of future wealth.
We have, as the first element, emigration ;
and secondly, financial security. Emigration
thus far in this country, though a prolific source
of our strength, has not been altogether what
it should be. The Secretary of State, as the
Speaker of the House knows, sent to us a com-
munication the other day, showing that crim-
inals were liberated from imprisonment in the
Old World on condition that they should come
to the United States. It is a well-known fact
that early emigration was of a character which
would not be said, at the first blush, to be desi-
rable : but in the providence of God it has been
of the iir.-t advantage. We have never yet
reached largely the middle class of Eurojie.
The German States alone, with a population of
fifty million, and an annual increase of six hun-
dred thousand souls, can send us five hundred
thousand people eveiy jear, mainly from the
middle clashes ; men to occupy our land, men
who are skilled in all human pursuits, in wine
culture, in the mechanical arts, in the myster-
ies of mining. Skilled labor is the want of our
country, and will furnish, if it can be obtained,
an inappreciable increase of industrial power
and product. We paid the revolutionary debt
in forty-five years. We can pay the present
debt in less lime. Whether if be three or five
or even ten thousand millions with such aid and
increase of productive power our debt will be
paid, every dollar of it, at the day it is due.
Mr. Chairman, a fact like that stated to the
people of Europe opens the door for the emi-
gration of the middle classes of people, who
can neither buy land nor open the heavily
closed ranks of privileged classes that exhaust
the resources of the people and monopolize
the wealth and honors of the country.
With such accessions to our numbers we
shall be able to discharge our duty to our Gov-
ernment, relieve our people from their taxes,
and make known to the world the value of the
services of ihe illusliious men who have died
in the defence of the country. It is in such a
contest as this that men and nations win hon-
ors that give them immortality. War is but a triv-
ial thing compared with the developments of
peace, and if showing what we are capable of
in war, we forbear to show to the world what
we are capable of in peace, we shall bring upon
us dishonor rather than an enduring famev
Thepo&itioiiof America i-i marvelous. When
we group these facts that are known to every
man they seem incredible. But the other day
tlie Emperor of France stated to tlie Lrench
Chamber of Deputies, to recommend his Gov-
ernment to his people, that the constitution of
Eranee was not unlike that of the United States.
In t he university at Cambridge a professorship
has been proposed for instruction in the prin-
ciples and history of the American Govern-
ment. It is a duty we owe to other nations,
as well as to ourselves, to show them what we
are. Why, sir, there is many a man among
the educated classes of England and France
who does not know that we speak the English
language.
In the elementary text-books, the United
States is given an unimportant position, such as
we accord to the South American republics, or
other distant and comparatively unimportant
parts of the American continent. It is only
where the people are able to speak for them-
selves, that the Governments of Europe will
understand what we arc, and their people be
able to comprehend our institutions and assert
their rights.
I am sorry, Mr. Chairman, that I have tres-
passed so long upon your attention. But for
the very earnest opposition, apparently, of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne,] to
this simple, harmless resolution, reported by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I should not
have ventured upon these remarks at all. It
was not my intention when I rose to trespass
long, and I conclude my remarks by one single
suggestion: that whatever power we have in
the field or in the workshop, the true power of
the American Government and the American
people is in ideas ; that the lesson which the
Old World has to learn of us, and the lesson
which we have to learn ourselves, in order
justly to appreciate our own importance and
character, is, that in the economy of this world
ideas are better than blows, and brains better
than blows.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
floor, but yielded to
Mr. SLOAN, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly House bill No. 52, to provide for the
expenses attending the exhibition of the prod-
ucts of industry of the United States at the
Exposition at Paris in 1807, had come to no
resolution thereon.
tiia.nks to oexubal tv. s. hancock.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution expressive of the thanks
of Congress to Major General W. S. Hancock;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
BASIS OF REPRESENTATION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, concerning the basis of representa-
tion ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to 1 lie joint committee on reconstruc-
tion, and ordered to be printed.
okder or business.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 121 for reference to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the loan bill, upon which the
gentleman from New ork [Mr. IIut/burd] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope my colleague
[Mr. Hulbuud] will not be compelled to go
on this afternoon at this late hour.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Is it in order
to move that when the House adjourns this
afternoon it be to twelve o'clock to-morrow?
The SPEAKER, The House has ordered a
recess to be taken eacB day,, except Saturday,
from four and a half p. m. to seven and a half
p. m., until it shall be otherwise Ordered. A
motion to adjourn, before the hour for taking
a recess, wiil be in order, and if a majority ,
shall vote in favor of it, the House will adjourn
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move that
the House now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
ayes 69, noes 39.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 47, not voting
01 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Aneona, Anderson, Baker,
Beaman, BidwcH, Blow, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks.
Clianlcr, Cobb, Colliding, Cullom, Darling, Dawes,
Donnelly, Driggs, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding,
Abnor C. Harding, Harris, if ayes. Hill, Hogan,
Chester D. Ilubbard, John II. Hubbard, IngcrsoU,
Jones, Julian, ICclso, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykcndall,
George V. Lawreneo, Le Blond, Loan, Longyear,
Lvm'h, Marshall, Marston, McCullough, Mercur,
Myers, Newell, Nicholson, Nocll, Paine, Phelps, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, WilliamII. Randall, Ray-
mond, Hitter, Ross, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Starr, Tabcr, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Elihu
B. Wasliburne, Welker, Whaley, Williams, James 3?.
Wilson, Stephen 1'. Wilson, Windom, and Win-
flold—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Baxter, Bergen, Blaine, Boutwcll, Broom-
all, Sidney Clarice, Co (froth, Cook, Dawson, Defree3,
Dixon, Eliot,Farnswoith, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield,
Grinnell. Hart, lligby. Holmes, Hooper,* Asahel W.
Ilubbard, Jcnckos. Laflin, William Lawrence. Mar-
vin, McClurg, McRuer, Miller, Moorhead, O'Neill,
Orth, Perham, Price, Alexander II. Kiee, Sawyer,
Sloan, Stevens, Taylor, Trowbridge, Warner, William
B. Washburn, and Woodbridgc—17.
NOT YOXING — Messrs. Dclos R. Ashley, Banks,
Barker, Benjamin, Bingham. Brandescc, Buekland,
Ilundy, Header W. Clarke, Culver, Davis, Delano,
Dcming, Denison, Dumont, Bckley, Egftleston, Kl-
dridge, Finek, Goodyear, Gridcr, Griswold, Hale,
Henderson, llotehkiss, Demas Ilubburd, Edwin N.
Hubbell, James It. ilubbell, IIulburd, James Humph-
rey, James M, Humphrey, Johnson, Kafc.ion. KeNcy,
Latham, Melndoe, MeKeo. Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Niblack, Patterson, Pike, Points, Pomeroy, John II.
Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Roussoau, Schenck, Seoiield,
Shanklin, SitgreaMPs, Stilwell, Strouse, Francis
Thomas, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Henry D.
Washburn, Wentworth, and Wright—01.
So the motion lo adjourn was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HOLMES said: My colleague, Mr.
Davis, has been compelled to leave the Hall
on account of sickness.
The hour of half past four p. m. having ar-
rived before the reading of the list of yeas and
nays had been completed,
Mr. EARNS WORTH said: The hour of
half past four having arrived, must not the
House, in pursuance of its order, take a recess
until half past seven o'clock this evening?
The SPEAKER. As that question is one of
some interest, the Chair will state that during
the last session of Congress, when the House
was acting under a resolution of the same kind,
providing for a daily recess, the same point was
raised while the yeas and nays were being
taken. The Chair examined all the precedents
upon the subject, and found the rulings of the
Speaker to be uniform, that where a motion
was made to adjourn before the hour for taking
the recess had arrived and the yeas and nays
wore ordered to be taken upon the motion, the
roll-call had to be completed and the result of
the vote must be announced by the Chair, even
though the roll-call was not completed until
after the liuur for taking the recess had expired;
and if the question was decided in the affirma-
tive, the House stood adjourned until the mor-
row. The constitutional expiration of Con-
gress is the only thing'that ean arrest the call
of the roll after it has been begun.
The result was announced as above.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and thirty-
two minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule and referred to appropriate committees:
BviVXr. BAXTEli: Thcpctition of H, R. Snyder, and
others, of New Yoi k; of B. A. Smalboy, and others, of
Burlington, Vermont, asking an appropriation for
breakwater at Burlington, V ermont.
