im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
By Mr. BUNDY: The petition of John W. Nichols,
and 35) others, for a stage and mail route from Mid-
dloport. in iloigd county, to Harnden, in Vinton
^ByCj&r. CLARKE, of Kansas: The petition of John
"W.Spouabie, K.Davis, and 40othcrs, citizens of J pbn-
' son county, Kansas, praying Congress to take meas-
ures to provide provisional civil governments for the
Into rebellious districts, and to exact irreversible
guarantees for the security of the future.
By Mr.CONKLTNG: The petition of L. E% Elmer,
and other?, assistant assessors of the twenty-first dis-
trict ot New York, asking an increase of compensa-
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of John I. Blair,and
others, praying for an actdcclaring a bridge over the
Mississippi river a highway and postal route of the
United States.
By Mr. 33AWES: The memorial of Ilolyoko Sav-
ings Bank. Shelburne Falls Savings Bank, and West-
field {Savings Bank, each praying exemption from in-
ternal revenue tax upon deposits.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of South Adams,
Massachusetts, against the passage of a bill author-
izing the Government to sell stamped envelopes at
the price of tli est amps. ,
By Mr. FERRY": The memorial of citizens of Mack-
inac, Michigan, respecting lands for railroad PUr-
POSe*}. . . „ -rr « i
Bv Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of J. II. God-
dard, and 70 others of Portago county, Ohio, praying
for equalizing of bounties.
Also, the petition of Walter Chittenden, and 5o
others, of Portage county, Ohio, praying lor equaliz-
ing of bounties. .
By Mr. HAHT: The memorial of Merrill Colvm,
and others, in favor of granting suitable recompense
to the female nurses who have served in military
hospitals.
Also, tho petition of plow-makers and manufactu-
rers of other agricultural implements, asking for a
reduction of tuxes upon agricultural implements.
Al^o, the petition of assistant assessors of twenty-
eighth collection district, New York, for increased
pay.
Also, the petition of citizens of Rochester, New
York, for pensions to surviving soldiers of the war of
IS 12.
Bv Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The petition
of Hie savm-rs bank in Onmbridgeport, Massachu-
setts for relief i'rom taxation ontbeir deposits.
By Mr. M15HUUR: The petition of 3t> citizens of
. Montour county, Ponnsylvnnia, praying for such re-
vision of tho tauff laws as will protect domestic labor,
and invite the investment, of capital in homo manu-
factures.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The petition of Ann Burnet,
widow of .James Burnet, of Kent county, State of Del-
aware, proving for n pension.
By Mr. PKltllAM: The petition of Mrs. J. Clem-
en Is for portion.
By Mr. PIKJ3: The rcmonstr/lnco of K. H. Wads-
woith Co., and 10 other*, against the proposition to
st'll sitampi'd envelopes nt the «:imo price as stamps.
Also, tho i cmonstrancoof N. T. Ifriil, and 150others,
agaur-d tho renewal of the reciprocity treaty.
Al^o, the petition of K. 15. Shod, of liasttord, Maine,
for bonds in place of bonds burned.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: The petition of
IT. tl. "Wilson, Lhhu Taj no, TUfoid Messer, John D.
Martin, lliiani Me«*ser, Mid Blakeiy Logan, citizens
of Knox county, Kentucky, praying for tho confisca-
tion <d the pioportv ot t -udtng rebels >md the applica-
tion of the proeoods thoicof toward mdeniui^yingpeti-
tioners and others, non-combatnnts, for outrages and
Fullering^ inilicted on tllcm in their arrest and long
com'iuoineni in robel pi isons, foi no cuuhe except loy-
alty fo tho (iovornmoni.
^Also, the petition of James Scrier, of Clay county,
• Kentucky, tor remuneration forseiviecs rendered in
dotoub© of tho (*ovenunout.
IK SENATE.
Wmwiisday, March 14, 181S6.
Prayer by tbo Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
tlio Senate a message from the ['resident of tho
United States transmitting a copy of two eom-
munications from the minister of the United
States at Paris in regard to a proposed exhibi-
tion of fishery and water culture to be hold at
Arehaeon. near Bordeaux, in France, in July
next: which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and. -memorials.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of ihe State of Oregon,
in which they represent Unit, in their opinion,
the passage of any law by Congress imposing
a tax upon mining claims, or the right of min-
ing upon the public lands of the United States,
other than upon gold bars, and tho general in-
come tax already in forec, would be greatly
detrimental to the interests of that portion of
our countrymen who are engaged in developing
the rich mineral resources of our country with-
out resulting in any benefit, to the General Gov-
ernment, and at the same time would work a
manifest injustice to those hardy and enterpris-
ing prospectors and miners who deserve the
encouragement and protection of the Govern-
ment. They further represent that all the prod-
ucts of mining are already made to pay trib-
ute to the income tax, and it would be con-
trary to the principles of justice to tax the ore
both before and after it is separated from the
earth in which it is found imbedded. They
further represent that they do not think it right
or expedient to tax. the muscle of the hardy
laborer for the simple right of working to better
his own condition in this branch of industry,
which so often rewards his long years of honest
toil with dross, (instead of gold,) and rags, and
poverty. I move that it be referred to tho Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NESM1TII presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Oregon, in favor of the annexa-
tion of the county of Walla Walla, in the Ter-
ritory of Washington, to the State of Oregon ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and ordered to bo printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, in favor of tlie establish-
ment of a mail route between Dalle City, Ore-
gon, and Boise City, in the Territory of Idaho ;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Ho also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, in favor of including the city of
Portland, in that State, in the port of entry at
the mouth of the Columbia river, and in favor
of the establishment of bonded warehouses at
that place; which were referred to the Com-
mitteeon Commerce; and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of the
Adams Express Company, praying for the
passage of an act authorizing the issuing of
United States legal-tender notes in place of
like notes destroyed by fire; which was re-
feried to the Committee 011 Claims.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask leave to present the
petition of Professor A. L. Fleury, of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania. This petition refers to a
substitute for iron and wood. Circulars have
heretofore been laid 011 tho tables of Sena-
tors 011 the subject. Tho petitioner has an
idea that it may be used successfully by tho
Navy Department. T ask that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
the Board of Trade of Detroit, Michigan, pray-
ing for an appropriation to defray expenses of
transportation of articles from this country in-
tended for exhibition at the Paris Exposition ;
which was referred to the Committee 011 Fi-
nance.
reports op committees.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 177) to incorporate the Rational
Safe Deposit Company, of Washington, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
174) to establish a hydrographie office in the
Navy Department, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom tho subject was re-
ferred, reported a joint resolution (S. No. 44)
authorizing Commodore William Radford to
accept the decoration of tho equestrian order
of St. Maurizes and Lazzaro irom the King
of Italy, with accompanying papers." The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading, and
the papers were ordered to be printed.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 217) for the relief of Robert Henne, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
, was referred the petition of Jane Harris, pray-
li ing for a pension, reported a bill (S, No. 200)
for the relief of Jane Harris; which was read^
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 86) tpaking additional appropriations, and
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending tho 30th of June, 1866, and
for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
SUFFERERS BT ARSENAL EXPLOSION.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to. whom was referred a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 84) for the relief
of the sufferers by the late explosion at tho
United States arsenal in the District of Colum-
bia, have had it under consideration and have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment. I ask for its present consideration.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
on the day it is reported.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
tho joint resolution. By the late explosion at
the United States arsenal in the District of
Columbia, ten persons were killed, wlio were
not enlisted men, but were employes of the
Government in the arsenal; and as those who
were so killed left wives and children dependent
upon them for support, most of whom are now
in a destitute condition, the resolution there-
fore appropriates the sum of §2,500 to be placed
by the Secretary of the Treasury in the hands
of Colonel Benton, commandant of the arsenal,
to be distributed by him among the sufferers by
the explosion, according to the equity and ne-
cessities of their several cases ; and the com-
mandant is to report tho details of the distribu-
tion to Congress, with the vouchers therefor.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
protection of civil rights.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to "whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 01) to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights, and furnish the means
of their vindication, as returned from the House
of Representatives with amendments, have in-
structed me to report it back to the Senate with
a recommendation that the Senate concur in
the amendments made by the House to the bill.
I move, if there be no objection, that wo pro-
ceed to the consideration of those amendments
at this time. I will state that the report of the
committee is unanimous on that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks unanimous consent to
consider the bill now reported by him from the
Committee on the Judiciary. Is there any
objection?
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that that bill will not
be considered now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at this time.
Mr. DAVIS. I want a reasonable time to
consider it. I object to its present consider-
ation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore: Objection
being made, it lies over.
bills introduced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 198) to extend the time for the reversion
to tho United States of the lands granted by
Congress to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Amboy, by Hillsdale, and Lansing, to
some point on or near Traverse bay and for the
completion of said road; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 199)
to establish a collection district at Port Huron,
and to extend the district of Paget sound;
which was read twice by its title, and inferred
to the Committee on Commerce.
