4256
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
i drowning them, I will say this, that I
am against giving them the power to control and
destroy this Government. And we are asked
to appropriate for the benefit of these men,
not merely $1,500,000, but at least $25,000,000,
for if we begin this work we must go on with
it. Arid if w'e appropriate $1,500,000 for the
management and control of the waters of the
Mississippi, we will be giving tha! amount to
the enemies of this country, to be expended not
SO much for controlling_ the river as for con-
trolling the opinions of that section of the
country. I am against it.
But when the time shall have come that they
have formed a government in harmony with the
spirit and principles .of the Government and
people of the United States, I will be tlie first
and the most urgent to advocate aiding them
from the Treasury and by the power of the
Government. They have an opportunity to do
so now. There are organizations yet remain-
ing in that State by which it can be imme-
diately put into harmonious connection with
the Government of the country, and instead of
seeking here for an expenditure of the mon«y
of the Treasury for their lands, they would be
working to make their government what it
should be, and then I know that every member
of this House would be willing to give to them
all that will be necessary for their prosperity.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was first upon
agreeing to the amendment recommended by
the Committee on Appropriations to the amend-
ment of the Senate, namely, strike out from
the amendment of the Senate the following:
For reconstructing and repairing tho levees on the
Mississippi river, in the States of Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, and Arkansas, $1,500,000, to wit: $595,000 in
tho Stato of Louisiana, S055.000 in the Stato of Mis-
sissippi, and $2JJ,000 in tho Stato of Arkansas, as
noarly as may be with a proper regard to tho effi-
ciency of tho repair; said money to be expended
under tho direction of the Secretary of War, who
shall, at the next session of Congress, makft an aceu-
rato and detailed report to each House thereof of
tho amount of money expended under this appro-
priation, tho amount of work done, how and in what
manner, whoro and by whom, tho particular levees
repaired or reconstructed, the rates paid for work
and material, tho condition of tho lovees, tho aroas
protected by such repairs or reconstruction, and what
sums, if any, remain unexpended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the re-
mainder of the amendments of the Senate be
considered, as in Committee of the Whole,
under the five-minute rule.
The motion was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Insert the following:
To provide fortho survey of thelstlimusofDarien,
under tho direction of the War Department, with a
view to tho construction of a ship-eanal, in accord-
ance with tho report of the Superintendent of the
Naval Observatory to the Navy Department, #40,000.
To enable the Scerotary of the Treasury to collect
roliablo statistical information conccrnine the gold
and silver mines of the western States and Territo-
ries, which shall include the labor and capital em-
ployed, the product and tho modes of working tho
samo, and which information shall be reported to
Congress at its next session, 615,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment, to
strike out the words "at its next session
$15,000," and insert "$10,000."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Insert the following:
For compensation to the consul at Quebec, in Can-
ada, SI,500.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Insert the following:
i'or the ereetion of a light-house at Beaver Bay, on
Lake Superior, $15,000: Provided, The Lisht-JIouse
Board of the Treasury Department, after duo exami-
nation, shall deem that a light-house at that point is
necessary.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Insert the following:
For light-house at South Haven, in the State of
Michigan, $6,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Strike out lines twenty-five, twenty-six, and twenty-
seven.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
On page 11, to strike out lines one and two.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
for pavement in part in front of the war and
Navy Departments, to be replaced with stone flag-
ging, $13,000. . . ,
For improvements m the senate wing of the Capi-
tol, inoposed in the report of the joint selcetcommit-
tee of the two Houses upon the improvement of the
Halls of Congress, made at the last session, and ap-
proved and recommended at the present session by
the select committee upon the ventilation and sani-
tary condition of tho Senate wing of the Capitol, tho
sum of $117,685 25. And the said improvement shall
be made and executed under tire management and
direction of Charles F. Anderson, as architect and
superintendent, upon plans with specifications and
details, to be submitted and to be approved by Dr.
Thomas AntiselJ. And all necessary contracts for
work and materials shall be made by tho Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings with the concurrence of
the architect; and all accounts and expenditures for
said improvements shall be examined and ceitilied
to the Secretary of the Treasury for payment by said
Commissioner. The compensation of said architect
and superintendent shall be at the rate heretofore
paid to the superintending architect of the Capitol
extension, payablo quarterly out of the foregoing ap-
propriation, commencing from and after the passage
of this act.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
On page 12 strike out lines sixteen, seventeen, and
eighteen.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
On page 13 strike outlines nine and ten.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
On page 13 strike out all after the word "avenue,"
in line eleven, to the end of lino twelve, and insert
"five."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
On page 13 strike out lines nineteen and twenty.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
On page 13, strike out line twenty-three.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
On pago 14, strike out line thirteen.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
On page 14, after line seventeen, insert the follow-
ing:
For watchman for Franklin square, $600.
For the compensation of eight extra clerks in the
office of India* Affairs, under the act3 of August 5,.
1854, March 3/1855, and March 3, 1865, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1867, $11,200.
For the continuation of the work upon the north
portico of the Patent Office building, $50,000.
For additional contingent expenses of the North-
east Executive building, or the building occupied by
the Secretary, of State, including extra watchmen
and laborers, §6,000.
For salaries of commissioners under an act to pro-
vide for the revision and consolidation of the statute
laws of the United States, approved Juno27,1866, and
for clerical services, and other incidental expenses,
the printing to he done by the Government Printing
Office, $25,000. „ . „
To enable the superintendent of Indian affairs for
California to eollcet information and testimony in
regard to the claim of George McDougal for beef fur-
nished Indians in the lower part of California in the
year 1852, $500, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
For the purchase of a site and the ereetion of a
building at St. Paul, Minnesota, for a custom-house,
post office, the accommodation of the Federal courts,
and other necessary Government purposes, the same
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, $100,000.
For the payment of temporary clerks of the first
class in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1807, 625,000. _
To enable the Secretary of the Interior, at his dis-
cretion, to rent such rooms in the vicinity of the De-
partment for the use of the Pension Office as may be
deemed necessary for the transaction of the business
of that office, $3,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment strik-
ing out the following paragraphs :
For the continuation of the work upon the north
portico of the Patent Office building, $50,000.
To enable the superintendent of Indiai* affairs for
California to collect information and testimony in
regard to the claim of George McDougal for beef fur-
nished Indians in the lower part of California in tho
year 1852, SoOO, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
For the purchaso of a site and the erection of a
buildingat St. Paul, Minnesota, for a oustom-house,
post office, tho accommodation of the Federal courts,
and other necessary Government purposes, the samo
to be expended under the direction of tho Secretary
of the Treasury, $100,000.
The amendment recommended by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
On page 114, line twenty, insert:
For payment in part for the purchase of sites and
the erection of school-houses in the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, payable to tiio
board of commissioners of primary schools of said
county, the sum of $10,000.
For support of the Columbia Hospital for Women
and Lying-in Association, 810,000.
To enable tho Secretary of the Treasury to pay tho
persons employed by the Committees for the District
of Columbia of the two Houses of Congress under the
provisions of joint resolution approved JunelS, 1864,
entitled "A resolution to provide for the revision of
the laws of the District of Columbia/' the compensa-
tion provided in said resolution, $2,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary for that purpose.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
On page 17, line twenty-five, after the word "dol-
lars' ' insert the following:
That no poition of said sum shall be expended
until the alteration of said building is submitted to
the architect of the Capitol extension, and he shall
certify itis well adapted to the purpose contemplated,
and that its cost will not exceed $60,000; and thesaid
sum of $30,000 shall only be paidin installments as an
equal amount derived from other sources shall be
expended on said building, and if thesaid hospital
company accept this appropriation it shall bc-held
as an agreement on their part that the building is
forever to be considered and held dedicated to tho
relief of sick and indigent persons without distinction
as to creed or color, and shall remain under tho care
of the Si.^tersof Charity as incorporated under the act
entitled "An act to incorporate Providence Hospital
of the city of Washington, District of Columbia,"
approved April 8, 1864: Provided, That if the said
property should ever be sold or diverted from the
uses expressed in the act of Congress entitled "An
act to incorporate Providence Hospital in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia," approved April
8, "3864, then the sum of $30,000 shall first he paid out
of the proceeds thereof into the United States Treas-
ury to reimburse the sum hereby appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
On page 17, line twenty-five, strike out all after tho
word "dollars" to the end of line six on pago 18.
