1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£297
to say that the bill does not pension all provost
marshals and their deputies indiscriminately.
There is 110 such provision as that in this bill-
Man}7 had difficult, delicate, and important
duties to perform in arresting deserters and in
making enrollment in places where it was ex-
ceedingly dangerous to do so, in the border
States especially. Some have been wounded
and some have been killed and the bill only
applies to that class of cases. So far as that
was concerned the committee were not agreed,
and one of the members was directed to offer a
resolution to test the sense of the House, and a
resolution was passed by a largo majority in-
structing the committee to report the bill which
1 have just presented. 1 hope it will pass.
Mr. STEVENS. As I sent a resolution to
this committee some time ago to double these
pensions, 1 desire to say a single word. No
doubt the committee did what they thought for
the best, but I am not satisfied with one part
of it. I think thepension for the lowest grade
of total disability, eight dollars, is too low. 1
do not think in these times any man who comes
in under the total disability provision can live
with a family at eight dollars per month.
Eight dollars was fixed when the pay was eight,
dollars, and now, when the pay is sixteen dol-
lars, 1 think the pension should be increased.
While 1 should dislike to embarrass the com-
mittee, still I should like to have the sense of
the House on a proviso that the lowest pen-
sion granted for total disability shall be twelve
dollars per month. Let me have a vote of the
House on it.
Mr. PERHAM. 1 cannot yield for that pur-
pose. 1 yield to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In reference to the sec-
ond section of the bill [ have nothing to say.
The iirst section, as 1 understand, proposes to
grant pensions to these provost marshals. 'J'o
that I am opposed. 1 think, from the manner
in which it has been discussed, gentlemen do
not understand fully the proposition of the first
section. The gentleman from Kentucky has
talked about a class of provost marshals not
affected by this bill. There was a large num-
ber of provost marshals who were detailed
from the Army. They are not, affected by this
bill. If they were wounded or killed they come
under the provisions of the general pension
law. The other class did not belong to the
Army.
Gentlemen know, under the conscription law,
as it was termed, a board of enrollment, to con-
sist of a provost marshal, an enrolling officer,
and a surgeon, was provided in each congres-
sional district. The duties were defined by the
law. 15y an order of the War Department or
the Provost Marshal General's department, the
provost marshal of each district was required
to appoint a deputy pro-, ost marshal for each
county of which his district was composed.
They were appointed fiom among the civilians
of tin; county. They were employes of the
Govei mnent, and were generally paid $100 a
month, but in only a few cases did they have
anything to do. 1 had the honor to discharge
the duty of provost marshal in the district in
which 1 lived, and was under the necessity of
appointing twelve of these deputies. The office
was a perfect sinecure. They were paid §100
a month for a year or two, and 1 venture to say
they were not employed more than live days in
the month. AH the duty they had to discharge
was merely to lie around and see that things were
going right. Now, there are instances in which
sonic of these officers were killed or wounded
in the discharge of their duties, and this bill
proposes to pension them. 1 see no difference
between that class of employes and other em-
ployes of the Government. Almost everybody
employed by the Government in connection
with the war ran some risk of his life. There
were a great many bridge-builders employed
and sent South to repair bridges. Many of
them lost their lives; some were killed and
others were wounded by the enemy. A great
many persons were employed in various capa-
cities, in connection with railroads and steam-
boats, and in a thousand other ways, at a salary
39th Cong. 1st Srss.—No. 207.
or a per diem. They sought the employment.
None of those have been pensioned. Now,
sir, these officers that are proposed to bo pen-
sioned by this bill are on the same looting as
those I have mentioned, and 1 see not why
we should take these out from among the
various civil employes of the Government and
place them on the pension-roll. If we are going
to pension civilians at all, let us include them
all. I am satisfied that this class of employes
are no more deserving than the various other
civilians employed by the Government. I hope,
therefore, that the chairman of the committee
will permit the sense of the House to be taken
on this distinct proposition in reference to pro-
vost marshals, and let us know whether they
are to bo specially favored.
Mr. PERHAM. I think there is a desire to
take the sense of the House on the first sec-
tion. I will therefore Yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. II.vrdixc] to make that,
motion.
Mr. IIARDTNG, of Kentucky. In connec-
tion with this matter it might be very well to
inquire to what, extent this granting of pen-
sions should go. There must be some limit to
it. Our present, pension law goes beyond any-
thing in the history of the world. It seems to
have become very popular in this House to ex-
tend the provisions of the pension laws further
and further. A few days ago this same com-
mittee were directed to bring in a general bill
to pension all the soldiers of the war of 1812
without regard to the wealth or poverty of those
soldiers, or anything else. And now, here is
a proposition to pension all the deputy provost
marshals and enrolling officers, giving them
the grades of lieutenant and second lieuten-
ant; a set of men who were not, as a general
iule, governed by patriotic impulses, who staid
at home and were tempted to seek those places
by the inducement of $100 a month and very
little duty to bo performed. Apart, from some
individual cases of peculiar hardship, there is
no sort of justice in extending the pension laws
to them.
Now, sir, I had a great mind to offer an
amendment in another form, to refer this case
back to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
with instructions to inquire into the propriety
of providing pensions lor all the tax-payers in
the United States who are worth only a certain
amount.
Mr. PEllHAM. Mr. Speaker, I do not yield
for any«uch proposition.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I do not
move that as an amendment.
Mr. PERHAM. J decline to yield farther.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out the first section of the hill.
Mr. PERHAM. I yield for that motion,
and I now demand the previous question upon
striking out the section.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being upon striking out
the first section of the bill.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 34, nays 73, not voting
75; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. aih-onn, Doles R. Ashley, Ben-
jamin, Boyer, Davis, Dawson, Dealing, Dcnisun, lilit-
ridge, Finek, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, G rider, Aaron
Harding. Hogan, Holmes, John 11. Hubbard, Humph-
rey, Le Blond, Loan, MeOullousfh, Nicholson, Samuel
,1. Randall, Rittcr, Ross, Schenck, Sitgroaves, Spald-
ing, Stroaso, Tabor, Thornton. Trimble, Warner, and
Wmfiekl—:S4. T
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Bank*, Baxter, Boaman, Bidwell, Bing-
hani, Boutwell, Cromwell, Brooma.ll, Conklintc, Cook,
(Jullom, Defrees, Dixon, Dodje, Donnelly, Dumorit,
Hggle.ston, Eliot, I'arquhnr, Uartie'd, Abner C. Hard-
in;;, Hart, Hayes, lteiideison, Jiigby. Hooper, Holch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Dumas Hubbard, .1 ulian,
Kasson, lielley, Ketuliam, Kaykundall, Latham,
Georgo V. Lawrence. Lon<;'yoar, Lynch, MeClarg,
Melluer, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neilt, Urth, Paine, Perham, Poaie-
roy, Price, William H. Randall, John II. Riee, Rol-
lins. Sawyer, Sheliabarger, Stevens, Stiliveil, Trow-
bridge,Van Aernaui, lllihu R. Washbarne, Henry D.
Washburn, William 1J. Wa^hSjurn, Welker, Went-
worth, James K. Wilson, Stephen J.'1, Wilson, and
Windom—73.
NOT "VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Barker, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Buckland,
iSundy, Chanlor, Xteader VV. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coffroth, Quiver, Darling, Dawes, Delano,
Drisgs, Eckley, Farnsworth, Ferry, tfrmnell. Grris-
wold, Hale, Harris, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin
N. IXubbetl, James R, Ilubbeli, Ilutburd, Ingersoll;
Jonckcs, Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Meln-
doc, MeKee, Miller, Morris, Niblack, Noell, Patter-
son, Phelps, Piko, Plants, Radford, Raymond. Alex-
ander II. itice, Rogers, Rousseau, Sen field, Shanklin,
Sloan, Smith, Starr,Taylor,Thayer,Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Upson, Burt, Van Horn, Robert. T.
Van Horn, Ward, Whaley, Williams, Woodbridge,
and Wright—75.
So the motion was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. liEA MAN said: My colleague, Mr. Up-
son, is detained from the House by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as aboye
recorded.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to ask a question of
the gentleman from Maine, and, if possible, to
Oder an amendment. In the early part of the
session 1 introduced a bill and had it referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and I hoped to
see favorable action taken upon it. One sec-
tion of that bill provides that death in the ser-
vice shall be considered death by the service
unless the cause, of death is brought about by
the party himself; and as it has not been re-
ported by the committee, I ask to offer it now
as a section to the bill under consideration.
There are in the country thousands of widows
and orphans of men who died of fever and lung
disease in hospitals and elsewhere who are de-
prived of pensions because the Pension Office
virtually requires proof to be made by the ap-
plicant that the person dying was a healthy and
sound man when he entered the service, instead
of placing the burden of proof to the contrary
on the Government. In ail cases of enlistment
a careful examination by a United States sur-
geon is required before the man is mustered
in, and if, for example, a man dies of lung dis-
ease or typhoid or other fever while in the ser-
vice, certainly such death should be considered
as brought about by the service, whether occur-
ring in camp or hospital or even on furlough.
The proviso to my bill protected the Govern-
ment, against paying any pension where death
was brought about by the act of the party; and
certainly in all other cases the heirs ol' a sol-
dier, sailor, or marine serving his country and
dying in such service should be entitled to a
pension.
Mr. PERHAM. This whole subject has
been fully considered by the committee, and I
must object to any amendment. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I have modified my amend-
ment so as to read r
Provided, That the lowest pension for total disa-
bility, where eight dollars are uow allowed, shall bo
twelve dollars.
H the gentleman does not choose t.o yield,
then I hope the previous question will not be
seconded.
PE l'lllAM. I cannot yield for that
amendment, I do not think that, under the
instructions of the committee, I should be enti-
tled to do so.
Mr. STEVENS. Then T hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question; and there
were—ayes 32, noes 2!); no quorum voting.
Mr. PERHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Stevexs
and Pkiuiam were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—aves 55, noes 45.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to bo
put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and parsed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
