1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
313
more northern latitudes. We know that they cannot
do it. They never did it for us as slaves, and the ex-
perience of the last six months shows that they will
ao no better as frecdmen. Our fathers of 1783 knew
that it tabes live black men to do the work of three
white ones, and consequently, in adjusting the appor-
tionment of taxes upon the basis of the labor and in-
dustry of the country, eleven of the thirteen States of
the old Confederation recommended that every five
blacks be counted as only three. The same rule was
afterward adopted in the Constitution of 1787 in re-
gard to representation. But I fear those who may
migrate hither from Europe or elsewhere will be un-
mindful of this fact. We ought not to forget it, and
between foreign and black labor we ought always to
give the preference to the latter when we can possibly
make it available. And if wq can offer sufficient in-
ducements, I am inclined to think that the black man,
as a field laborer in our climate, will prove more effi-
cient than the imported white.
" "We ought to encourage our colored people to vir-
tue and industry by all the means in our power. "We
ought to protect them in all their rights, both of per-
son and property, as fully as we do the whites.
"This is the view taken by our recent State conven-
tion. After recognizing the fact that they are free,
and declaring that slavery shallneverhereaffcer exist
in the State, they proceed to open to them all the
courts of justice, and admit them as witnesses 'in all
criminal proceedings founded upon an injury to a col-
ored person, and in all eases affecting the rights and
remedies of a colored person.'
" I trust, gentlemen, that this action meets your ap-
probation, and that you will take great care, not only
not to discriminateinyourlegislationagainstthecol-
ored race, but that you will so shapeyour enactments
as to promote their welfare and happiness to the fullest
possible extent."
Mr. President, as I said before, for myself,
knowing as well as I do the person who has
received this certificate of election, I would be
willing at once to move, and I think other Sen-
ators if they knew him as well as I do and his
course and bearing during the whole conduct
of this war, would be willing at once to vote,
for his being permitted to be sworn. But, sir,
as 'I have said, in deference to some of our
friends around me who desire still further time
to look into the question of the relation of these
States and their condition to choose represent-
atives in this body or to the other House, I will
not make this motion now. I therefore simply
move that this certificate do, for the present,
lie upon the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senator would
withdraw his motion for one moment that I
may have an opportunity to make a brief ex-
planation.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no desire to discuss
the question that arises on the presentation of
these credentials, and I may say that there are
many reasons for the expression of personal
respect toward the gentleman whonow appears
as a Senator from Florida. In many respects—
not in all respects, unhappily—he has done well
in the situation where he was placed. I say
unhappily not in all respects, for no person can
read his speeches and say that in all respects he
has done what a governor of one of those States
at this time should have done. But I have no
desire to discuss his particular case.
The Senator has alluded, however, to the
actual condition of things in Florida. I wish
to call attention to the actual condition of things
there, as it is represented to me by thoroughly
competent witnesses whose character is vouched
to me by the first citizens of that State. I read
passages from one letter dated in Florida, but
I decline to mention the town in the State, De-
cember 14, 1865, as follows:
" The election has been held, and, as you may ex-
pect, rebels elected. The Legislature arc tour fifths
rebel officers, from Brigadier General Joseph Finigan
down to a corporal. (General Barney has not yet ob-
tained his pardon." *******
** The people of Florida arc more hostile than they
ever have been. They were surrendered too soon.
"I have found out, and ascertained to a certaintv,
the programme of the southern States, should they be
fortunate enough to get into Congress. It is as fol-
lows :
"First. They are to repudiate the national debt in
toto.
"Second. They are to pay all the southern slave-
owners for all their negroes emancipated by the Presi-
dent's proclamation.
"Third. They arc to stop all pensions now given to
Union soldiers, their widows and orphans, unless a
like pension is given to theconiedcratesoldicrs, their
widows and orphans.
"Fourth. No officer or any leading rebel shall be
punished for his treason against the Government.
"This would be a nice state of things, and would
damn the country. Xtell you honestly! should shud-
der at the result."
The letter then goes on to make a commu-
nication to which on another occasion I felt
it my duty to call the attention of the Senate.
The writer says:
"I am advised that certain parties here intend to
make a business of importing negroes to Cuba. It is
said that there have gone two vessel-loads of them
already."
That is the testimony of one citizen of Flor-
ida written from that State with regard to what
is passing before his own eyes. Here is the
testimony of another citizen, written December
4, 1865:
"I suppose your good people think this accursed re-
bellion is now crushed, and that all is4 peace and quiet'
down South; but allow me to inform you that such is
not the case, and the only hope of the Union men now
is vested in the next Congress. Will they go in and
admit these States back and allow them their former
rights at once? If so, the whole country is ruined.
4 Can you not bring influence to bear on your dele-
gation to keep us under military surveillance for a few
years, and has not Congress the power to disfranchise
forever tb ese leading rebels ? President Johnson has
enfranchised them, which virtually disfranchises us.
As an instance, the vote of a loyal man (a deserter
from rcbeldom) was challenged a few days since at
the election in Lake City for State and county offi-
cers, also Representatives to Congress. Is that the
way that loyal men are to be treated and abandoned
by their Government? If so, I have no faith in the
Government. Some say that the President is just giv-
ing them rope to hang themselves with, but he is pay-
ing it out too long to suit us here. Let him withdraw
the troops from this State, and it would not be safe for
a Yankee or deserter to travel through the country."
There, sir, is testimony direct from Florida
with regard to the actual condition of things in
that State. Added to that, we have the consti-
tution itself which this recent pretended con-
vention has undertaken to put forward—a con-
stitution which, after recognizing the abolition
of slavery and therefore the citizenship of those
who were once slaves, jjroceeds actually to de-
cree their disfranchisement; and Senators arc
expected to recognize such an instrument as a
republican form of government—an instrument
which begins by the denial of equality to nearly
one-half of its citizens! The question is now
entirely changed since the abolition of slavery,
for all are now citizens, and I insist, and at a
proper time shall argue the question in this
body, that no State among these States where
the governments have lapsed can lie recognized
as republican in form which disfranchises any
considerable portion of the citizens.
1 am perfectly willing that these credentials
shall-lie upon the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One word in reply  
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDENT ^rofcmporc. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin will suspend his remarks,
and the Senator from Iowa will state his point
of order.
Mr. GRIMES. My point of order is, that
this whole debate is out of order from the com-
mencement of the speech of the Senator from
Wisconsin, which was unprecedented, at any
rate in this body, down to the last words that
were uttered by ihe Senator from Massachu-
setts. Tf upon the presentation of credentials
here, we are to have a debate upon all these
questions of reconstruction and eulogiumsupon
the gentlemen named in them, we shall take up"
the whole time of the Senate during the session.
As I understand it, there is no motion before
the Senate. The Senator from Wisconsin went
on and made a speech, stating that he was go-
ing to make a motion to lay the credentials upon
the table. He concluded his speech by making
that motion, and then withdrew it, and we stand
now exactly where we were when the Senator
first rose without making any motion at all. I
move that the credentials lie upon the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 believe it is not out of
order for me, in rising to make a motion, to
state my purpose in making the motion, if no
one objects, if I conclude with making the mo-
tion, as I did in this case. I withdrew the mo-
tion at the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, for the purpose of allow-
ing him to make his statement, so that I cer-
tainly was not out of order. I made the motion
before any objection was made by the Senator
from Iowa that I was out of order. It is true,
1 withdrew it to accommodate the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator went on and
made a speech without making any motion;
there was nothing at all before the Senate. He
told us he was going to make a motion, and just
before he sat down he did make a motion, and
then withdrew it. All the remarks, therefore,
that the Senator made were out of order, because
there was nothing pending before the Senate;
and that is the condition we are in at this mo-
ment ; there is nothing pending before the Sen-
ate. _ The Senator has sent to the table the-cre-
dentials of a gentleman claiming to represent
the State of Florida. We all agree with him,
I suppose, as to the qualifications and character
of this gentleman who comes here from Florida;
but I want to have this matter disposed of, for
one, precisely as we dispose of similar cases,
and not have the whole morning hour consumed,
in a discussion of this sort.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
/The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will give his views on the point of order. There
is no question before the Senate on which de-
bate can legitimately arise. The motion now
is that the document which has been introduced
be laid upon the table.
Mr. GRIMES. I make that motion.
Mr. CLARK. And that motion is not de-
batable.
The motion was agreed to. x
HOUSE BTXLS RF/FERItED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 1) extending the right of
suffrage in the District of Columbia—to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 45) to change
the name of the ship Art Union to the name
George M. Barnard—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (II. R. No. 143) for the relief of Charles
F. Anderson —to the Committee on Public
Buildings.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
Senate take up for consideration Senate bill
No. 00, to provide for the payment of pensions,
which was once before the Senate and delayed
until we could get the letter of the Secretary of
the Interior accompanying it printed. That
letter we now have, and I suppose the disposi-
tion of the bill will not consume five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that bill coming up if it is likely to be disposed
of before the morning hour expires, but at that
hour another bill is in order, which I hope we
may proceed with the consideration of.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no doubt
that this bill can be passed in five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the motion if the bill can be disposed of before
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 69) to provide for
the payment of pensions.
Sir. LANE, of Indiana. I ask that the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Interior accompany-
ing the bill, and showing its propriety and ne-
cessity, may be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
department of ihe J. xt trior.
Washington, D. 0., Dccemla■ 2(3, 1865.
Sin: I have the honor to return herewith the Senate
resolution of the 18th instant, instructing the Com-
mittee on Pensions to inquire as Jo the expediency of
providing by law for the appointment of pension
agents nv the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and to report by bill or other-
wise, which you referred to mo with a lequcst toi my
opinion on the subject, and for the form of a bill,
should I deem the introduction of one necessary.
In reply, I have the honor To state that, in my opin-
ion, the proposed change in the manner of establish-
ing: pension agencies and of appointing the agents is
both expedient and necessary. r This power was con-
ferred upon the Secretai;. of War by an act of Con-
gress passed in the yearls&i, andsmce thecreation of
this Department has continued to be exercised by the
Secretary of the Interior. At that time the pension
rolls were small, and tbeexpcndituresof thcGoyern-
ment on that account, compared with those at the
present time, were finite insignificant, until Quite
