1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2337
will of the President; that he was intended to
be the confidential friend and adviser of the
President, to be in his confidence; that he must
hare his confidence, and nobody imagined that
one ®ould hold that office who was not in every
way entirely satisfactory to 'che President. In
answer to that idea I have to remind the Senate
that the very first debate which arose in the
history of our Government upon this power
of removal arose in 1789, on the passage of an
act creating an Executive Department, to be
Known as the Department of Foreign Affairs.
Mr. J OHNSON. My friend will permit me
to interrupt him for a moment. That is true ;
but the objection to the particular bill to which
the honorable member refers was that in the
preamble it assumed that the general power
of removal was in the President, not that he
would not have the right to changehis Cabinet
officers. *
Mr. HOWE. I shall not reproduce the de-
bate. There was a bill pending before the
Congress of the United States to create the
Department of Foreign Affairs, now the De-
partment of State. That proposed to make
the head of the Department removable at the
pleasure of the President. That was supposed
to raise the question of the President's power to
remove officers, and it led to a lengthy debate
in the Administration of General Washing-
ton, the first President of the United States.
The decision was that the bill should pass, not-
withstanding those terms. The argument which
supported the bill did insist upon the right of
the President to remove officers generally, and
that the power of removal was in the President.
But, sir, after all, I think any one who reads
that debate, I think it has been the judgment
of American statesmen generally since—I am
not about to sum up their opinions, but [ think
it is the judgment of American statesmen who
have considered the subject since the date of
that debate—that the weight of the argument,
that the reason of the thing, was on the side
of those who denied this right of removal; and
we cannot fail to know that the mere circum-
stance that the executive office was then in the
hands of General Washington must have in-
fluenced the result of that debate very ma-
terially. I do not know that the first Presi-
dent laid claim to any such power: but we all
know that it was not the habit of the Ameri-
can people at that time to wait for him to lay
claim to" honors or to powers. They thrust
honors upon him; and if he had laid claim to
the shirt of every one of the men who voted
to concede him this power of removal, I do
not doubt that every one of them would have
stamped Washington's name on their garments
in a moment. They were not in a mood to
deny anything that he asked for himself, or
that was asked in his behalf. That was the
decision, though made at that time and upon
that bill to create the Department of State.
Since that the subject has been under debate.
In 1S20 an act was passed entitled "An act
to limit the term of office of certain officers
therein named, and for other purposes;" the
first section of which is in these words:
it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passing of this
act all district attorneys, collectors of the customs,
naval officers, and surveyors of the customs, naval
agents, receivers of public moneys for lands, regis-
ters of the land offices, paymasters in the Army, the
apothecary general, the assistant apothecaries gen-
eral, and the commissary general of purchases, to be
appointed under the laws of the United States, shall
be appointed for the term of four years, but shall be
removable from office at pleasure."
That is the first section of the act, and it is
all I care to read. Why did the Congress of
the United States attempt to fix the tenure of
these officers? Clearly because they thought
they had the power to do it. Why did they, in
the same act, confer upon the President the
right to remove these officers, any of them,
during this term ? Clearly because they thought
the President ought to have the right and had
it not. There can be no plainer declaration of
the opinion of Congress that the Constitution
39th Cong. 1st Sf^s.— No. 147.
does not confer this right upon the President
than this attempt of theirs to give it to him;
and here it is, in so many words. This act
passed, itseems, without attracting any debate,
without any controversy; but it was notacqui-
esced'in for a long time without controversy.
In 1835 an attempt was made to repeal the first-
section of the act, and the second section, which
I did not read; and a bill was introduced into
the Senate of the United States for that pur-
pose. It was'subjected to a debate, and a pretty
thorough debate, which I do not propose to read
even an extract from ; but I must call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the vote upon the passage
of that bill. It was a bill to repeal this section
of the act of 1820, which conferred upon the
President of the United States the right to
remove these officers during the continuance
of their term; and upon the passage of that
bill the yeas were—Messrs. Bell, Benton, Bibb,
Black, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Ewing, Freling-
huysen, Goldsborough, Ivent, King of Georgia,
Leigh, McKean, Mangtwn, Moore, Naudain,
Poindexter, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rob-
bins, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tomlin-
son, Tyler, Wagerman, Webster, and White—
31, including, is it too much to say, not merely
the ablest men of that time, but some who have
been raukedamongtheablestofanytime, either
in this country or elsewhere. In the negative
are recorded the names of Messrs. Brown,
Buchanan, Cuthbert, Hendricks, Hill, Kane,
King of Alabama, Knight, Linn, Morris, Rob-
inson, Ruggles, Shcpley, Tallmadge, Tipton,
and Wright—1G. The vote is almost two to one
in number, denying this right of removal to the
President, and in weight of character, force of
intellect, ability to comprehend—I was going
to say something strong, but I am admonished
by a look of my friend over the way, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] and I will simply say quite two to one.
Mr. President, in the face of such a vote as
that so recent as 183-3, had, with full review of
the debate in 1789, which it is asserted here
settled the whole question, I do not think it is
fair or safe to say that this right in the Presi-
dent is a matter of fixed and established con-
struction. Being firmly convinced myself that
the Constitution does not confer any such
powef upon the President, that it was never
meant to confer any such power upon the
President, that it is a power which he does
not need, which he ought not to have, and
which no one man can be intrusted with with
safety to the public service, I have watched
this debate and I shall look for the vote upon
the amendment with as much interest as 1 have
attended upon any debate which has taken
place and any vote which has been given in
this Chamber. I concede the right of the
Legislature to vest this power in the President
if they see fit, but I want the Legislature to
understand that if hereafter he exercises the
power it is not his fault; it is the fault of the
Legislature. He will exercise it if you permit
him. beyond all question. I would if I were
in his place. How he will employ it, to what
end ho will employ it, it is not for me to say,
not for us to anticipate. If you want the Pres-
ident to be clothed with this power, and to
have the disbursement of these millions, say
so; take the consequences; be manly about it;
but do not let us refuse to pay an officer that
we authorize him to appoint.
But we are asked, what good will it do us to
pass this amendment? What is the object?
What is the inducement? I will tell you one
good that will come of it, I think. I find in a
recent paper a dispatch like this sent out from
this city:
" Within a few days past a great change is notice-
able in the matter of executive appointments. The
President seema to have realized thatlongerforbear-
ance "with the enemies of his Administration and its
measures was working rank injustice to his friends,
and to have realized the potency of the old party
maxim, that' to the victors belong the spoils.' As a
consequence, the radicals who mustered effrontery
enough to call upon the President and solicit ap-
pointments for their friends, received little reward
lor their labors, and were treatiVj to a plain exposi-
tion of his intentions for the futto-e. They were told
in language decisive and unmistakable, that his
friends should have the preference, and that no
known enemy of the Administration policy should
receive the quasi indorsement of a Federal appoint-
ment. In addition to this, the ax has actually been
sot to work, and decapitations are now of daily -
occurrence. Its effects arc already visible in the
altered and respectful deportment of more than one
radical opponent inbdth branchesof Congress."
Thank God, I am no radical! It does not
refer to me.
" Heretofore, when the President's Private Secre-
tary was sent to the Capitol on official business, he
was received with a haughty frigidity that was abso-
lutely insulting. _ Within ai'ew days all havebecome
anxious to do him reverence. He is met with the
blandest- of smiles, and surrounded by crowds who
protest against any rupture of the friendly relations
that should exist, between the President and Con-
gress, and who vie with each other in bestowing
attentions, uttering pietty speeches, and deprecat-
ing the idea that they are or ever were in hostility
to tho Executive. But the work will go oil. No
one will be deceived by hollow pretenses, Thoso
office-holders who have abu-ed their positions to
vilify the President and disrupt the Republican
party will be made to give way to better men. Tho
bare manifestation of this resolve has already half
accomplished its purpose."
So it is written. What good will it do to
adopt this amendment? it is asked. Why, sir,
it will satisfy the country that this work is only
half done; at least that we are not more than
half subdued to what is called the President's
policy ; that something remains yet to bo done,
it will do something to convince the country
that there is a little of the spirit which should
imbue an American Congress left still here in
those Houses, which aro daily visited by the
messenger from the President; that although
polite,-as i am glad to learn we habitually are,
we are not entirely subservient and obsequious,
nor slavish. 11 will dosomethingto satisfy the
country that the revenues which the people are
yielding up with a most prodigal hand to meet
the demands, and the just demands, of the na-
tion, are appropriated in accoidauce with the
best interests ot the people, and to promote the
great ends which induced them to yield them.
Mr. President, there is a feature in this dis-
patch that 1 think demands especial notice.
We are informed in it that—
" The President seems to have realized that longor
forbearance with the enemies oi his Administration
and its measures was woikmgrank injustice to his
friends, and to have realized the potency of the old
party maxim, that' to the victors belong the spoils.'"
We are subsequently told that the ax is in
motion. The ax is in motion for what? To
hew down and appropriate the spoils to the
victors? Who are those victors that aro gath-
ering in the spoils, and when and where did
they achieve their victory? These questions
ought to be answer^. I cannot answer them.
I know of no victory that the President of the
United States has achieved since lSbl, when
the loyal hearts and the loyal hands of the Uni-
ted States elevated him to the second office in
the gift of the American people. If he has
achieved a victory since then 1 have omitted to
read of it in the papers, and 1 have not been
informed of it in any way. Who were those vic-
tors that achieved that victory? I had a slight
hand in it myself, and all my heart was in it.
I thought I was triumphant, and that the
nation was, when the choice fell on Andrew
Johnson instead of Mr. George II. Pendleton
of Ohio. When and how was this victory, which
t thought I could safely hug to myself, changed
into a defeat? I have not changed it, nor con-
sented to the change of it, nor have I appointed
the time when 1 shall consent to the change of
it. If spoils belong to the victors, I really sub-
mit that to the Union party , who have achieved
all the victories that have been achieved at all,
whether in the forum or on the field, since I860,
ought to have some share in these spoils.
I think, Mr. President, much good, great
good every way, will come of tho adoption of
this amendment. You will improve the char-
acter of the public service. The great, the
leading, the most delicate trusts which your
different statutes have created to be executed
by these officers will then be in honorable and
honest and brave hands, and they will feel that
they are secure in the possession of those
trusts. Refuse this and you will see every
