1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March: 14,
pose to accomplish ; but I believe this is a good
bill, well drawn, well amended, and should be
passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, road the third time, and passed.
CASCADE RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. -WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
105.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that another railroad bill ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeThe Sen-
ator from Oregon moves to take up the bill (S.
No. 105) to grant the right of way to the Cas-
cade Railroad Company through a military
reserve in Washington Territory.
Mr. WILSON. At one o'clock I shall have
to call up the Army bill.
Mr. CONNESS. This will not occupy any
time. It is merely to grant the right of way
through a reserve.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Cascade Railroad Company, a corpora-
tion duly created and organized under the laws
of Washington Territory, has constructed and
pat in operation a railroad on the Cascade
portage of the Columbia river, in that Terri-
tory, a portion of which road is constructed
through a military reserve of the United States;
and doubts have arisen as to the right to con-
struct Hie road through the reserve and the
validity of the charter of the company; the bill
therefore proposes lo grant to the Cascadc Rail-
road Company a right of way of sixty feet in
width along the lino of the road as at present
constructed, and along the changes of location
hereafter made to straighten and render the
road safe through the public lands of the Uni-
ted States, the military reserve, and the lands
of private persons agreeing thereto, including
all necessary grounds for stations, buildings,
workshops, depots, machine shops, switches,
side tracks, and wharves; and the charter of
the company is adopted and declared to be
valid.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MBSSAOB t'UOM TID! HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McI'iihrros', its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (II. li. No. 2.V>) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and^'epairs
of certain fociiliraiunis and other works of
defense for the year ending Jane tit), IStiT, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message farther announced that the
House of Representatives had passed, with an
amendment, the hill of the Senate (S. No. 33)
in relation to the Court of Claims, in which the
concurrence of tile Senate was requested.
Ml LI'I'A ICV 7MTABMSIIMKNT.
The PKKS1 DENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having nearly expired, the Chair will
call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is Senate bill NTo. 138.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
re-uinied the consideration of the bill (S. No.
7:!o) lo increase and lix the military peace
establishment of the Unite*! States.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire to make a very few
amendments to the bill, mostly of a verbal and
technical character. Jn the second section of
the liiil, in the seventh line, after the word
'"first" I move to insert the words "or sec-
ond,'' so that the proviso will read :
Provided, Thilt the regimental adjutants, qnarter-
a:i; 1 commissaries stiati hereafter bo extra
first or second lieuteuaiiU.
That will allow a first or sccond lieutenant
to be taken for that purpose.
1 he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In the sixteenth line of the
third section I desire to make the same amend-
ment: after the word/' first" to insert "or sec-
ond, so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That each cavalry regiment shall here-
after have but one hospital steward, and the regi-
mental adjutants, quartermasters, and commissaries
shall hereafter be extra first or second lieutenants.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In the eighth line of the
fourth section after the word "in" I move to
insert the words '' each of.'' Those words were
in the original bill, but they were omitted "in
the printing of the bill. The clause will then
read:
And two thirds of the vacancies in each of the
grades above that of first lieutenant shall be filled by
selection from among the officers and soldiers of vol-
unteer infantry or artillery, &c.
The PRESIDENT^jro tempore. Those words
will be added to correct the language as it is a
clerical mistake.
Mr. WILSON. In section six, I propose to
strike out the words'' an extra first lieutenant''
where they occur in lines four, five, and six;
and in the fifth line, before the word "one,"
to insert the word "and," and then to insert
after the word "quartermaster," in the same
line, the words "who shall be extra first or
second lieutenants," so that the section will
read:
That each regiment of infantry provided for by
this act shu.ll have one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,
two majors, one regimental commissary, one adjutant,
and one regimental quartermaster, who shall be extra
first or second lieutenants, ten captains, &c.
This will make the scction in harmony with
the other amendments that have been made. I
will simply say to the Senator from Iowa that
these arc stall' officers, and they may be taken
from the class of first lieutenants and second
lieutenants, according to the discretion of the
Department, for this purpose. The suggestion
comes from eminent Army officers, who think
it would be best that these officers might be
either first or second lieutcu ants.
Mr. KIRICWOOD. In the organization of
our infantry regiments in the volunteer service
wo had an adjutant and a quartermaster; we
had no commissary at all; and the adjutant
and quartermaster had to be taken from the
line officers of the regiment. My inquiry to
the chairman of the committee is, why in time
of peaco we need a regimental commissary,
when wo did not need it in the field? Why
should the regimental quartermaster be an extra
lieutenant in time of peace, when we know that
when the regiments were in the field that officer
was taken from the line? In other words, why
is it necessary to have more officers for the
organization of a regiment in time of peace
than in time of war?
Mr. WILSON". This is the organization now
in the regular Army. This is simply following
the regular Army organization: and it received
the sanction of very eminent officers who have
examined the subject.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That was not our vol-
unteer organization.
_ Mr. WILSON. No, but it is the organiza-
tion of the regular Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. On the seventh page, in sec-
tion fourteen, line two, 1 move to insert after the
word "storekeepers" the words "inthe quar-
termaster's department," so that the section
will read:
That the number of military storekeepers in the
quartermaster's department shall hereafter be as
muny as shall be required, not exceeding sixteen, &c.
That is the number now in service.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to a proposition that was
submitted to the Senate at the last session in
relation to those military storekeepers, and
which was reported upon by the committee, but
not acted upon. This scction as it now stands
provides "that the number of military store-
keepers shall not exceed sixteen, with the same
compensation as is now provided by law.'' The
suggestion I make is, that inasmuch as there
is. some doubt as to what the law is, that in
lieu of the words, "same compensation as is
now provided by law," we insert the words
"the rank, pay, and emoluments of a captain
of cavalry." That is what it is now. That
would not increase tlieir pay. This bill does
not state what their pay is, and there is some"
discrepancy in the law about it. Some seem
to have more, and some less.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator is very
mutjh mistaken in regard to that. These very
officers are now here and desire to have com-
missions in the service.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there any reason why
they should not have them?
Mr. WILSON. This only keeps them just
as they are; it does not increase them any.
The insertion of the words that I have moved
is simply to supply a real defect in the section,
because it was intended to apply solely to the
quartermaster's department. We have medi-
cal storekeepers also.
Mr. .POMEROY. My attention has been
called to a letter from General Meigs in which
he recommends the very thing which I have
proposed.
Mr. WILSON. We want to take up that
very seriously for consideration. I doubt very
much whether it is worth while to increase any
more than we can help now.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand it does not
increase the pay at all.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better let
the bill stand as it is and look into that matter
hereafter.
Mr. GRIMES. It makes this difference:
the officers that are to be appointed into the
Army proper are generally young men, healthy
men, men who can perform the duties of their
position. These storekeepers are generally
tolerably antiquated gentlemen ; those that I
have seen are, and in the course of two or three
years they will go on the retired list, if yon give
them a commission, and we shall have to sup-
port them in that condition on the retired list,
which we should not be compelled to do if they
were regarded as civil officers.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand that
they are regarded as civil officers now.
Mr. GRIMES. They are not military offi-
cers until they are commissioned as military
officers under the authority of law.
Mr. WILSON. ■ I hope the Senator from
Kansas will lot that proposition pass over for
the present, and we will look into the recom-
mendation of General Meigs in regard to that
subject. There have been petitions and one
thing and another sent here on the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I had supposed that it
was in the bill until this moment. I hope the
Senate will take the question up and settle it.
We had it up once or twice last year without
disposing of it, and I would like to have it set-
tled now in this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to insert the words
"in the quartermaster's department" after the
word "storekeepers," in the second lino of the
fourteenth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In section sixteen, line two,
after the word "department" I move to amend
by inserting the words "of the Army," so that
it will read:
The subsistence department of the Army shall
hereafter consist, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move, in section eigh-
teen, line fourteen, after the word u selection,"
to insert the words "upon competitive exami-
nation," so that it will read:
And two thirds of the vacancies hereby created in
the grades of surgeon and assistant surgeon shall be
selectecfupon competitive examination from among
the persons who have served as staff and regimental
surgeons, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. At the close of section eight-
een I move to add these words:
And the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint from the enlisted men of the
Army, or cause to be enlisted, as many competent
hospital stewards as the service may require, to be
permaaeatly attached to the medical department.
