3298
THE CONGRESSIONAL!-GLOBE.
June 20,
doubling pensions.
. The following resolution had also been re-
ported back by the Committee on Invalid
Pensions: * -
Hesolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill to double the pensions caused by the
casualties of the war with the so-called confederate
Mr. PERHAM. I move that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration
of this resolution, and that the same be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
message prom the senate.
_ i from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution and bill of
the House of the following titles :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 166) to pay the
State of Vermont the sum expended for the
protection of the frontier against the invasion
of Canada in 1864, without amendment; and
An act (H. R. No. 127) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending 30th of June, 1867, with amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 317) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes,' approved July 1, 1862;" and
An act (S. No. 336) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and tele-
fraph line from the Columbia river to Salt
iake City.
message from tiie president.
A message in writing from the President,
by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary, was re-
ceived by the House; and the House was
further informed that the President had ap-
proved and signed joint resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) to extend
to the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, of
West Virginia, the provisions of the act ap-
proved July4, 1804, entitled "An act to re-
strict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the payment of certain
demands for quartermaster's and subsistence
supplies furnished to the Army of the United
States;" and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 143) making an
appropriation for the repair of Potomac bridge.
california axi) oregon railroad.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced. The first business in ca-der
is the consideration of the bill of the Striate
No. 123, granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon.
An amendment was moved on yesterday by
Mr. julian, to strike out of the second section
the words "and contiguous thereto" and to
insert in lieu thereof the words "and within
twenty miles of the line of said railroad."
The pending questioil was upon an amend-
ment to the amendment, moved by Mr. Bid well,
to strike out the word "twenty" and insert the
word "thirty."
Mr. BID WELL. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] will withdraw the
amendment which he proposed on yesterday,
and I will offer one which I think will meet
with his views.
Mr. JULIAN. I decline to withdraw my
amendment, at least for the present,
Mr. BIDVVELL._ I wish to state to the gen-
tleman that if he wilt withdraw his amendment
I will move to insert what he proposes after the
word "railroad" in the second section of the
bill, so that it will read, '' to the amount of ten
sections on either side of said railroad, and
within twenty miles from the line thereof.''
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman from
California [Mr. Bidwell] yield me a few min-
utes' time, so that I may make a statement to
the House?
Mr. BIDWELL. Certainly.
Mr. JULIAN. I find that this bill does not
consult the States as to the rights given to the
companies, nor individuals as to the right of
way granted. For the distance of two hundred
miles it grants a margin of eighty miles within
which to select forty sections per mile, an un-
precedented provision in any land-grant bill
that Congress has ever passed.
It further provides that coal and iron lands
shall be granted, and that all the timber on
the gold and silver lands shall also be granted
to these companies. It provides no guarantees
for the Government as to any right of trans-
portation of troops or munitions of war, accord-
ing to the invariable practice in like cases.
Nor does it require any amount of work to be
done in a given time, on failure of which the
land shall be forfeited.
Now, if the gentleman from California will
allow this bill to go to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands we shall be called in two or three days
probably, and I say to him that we have no
unfriendly disposition toward this bill if we
can make it conform to the ordinary legislation
on this subject. I hope the gentleman will
allow the bill to go to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and be considered as other land-
grant bills. They will give the gentleman a fair
hearing, and i-eport soon after having inserted
such provisions as are required.
Mr. BIDWELL. A bill of a precisely sim-
ilar character was acted upou more than three
months ago and ordered to be reported favor-
ably from the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road. Now the only thing I fear, if this bill is
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, is
that the delay in this House, and then the delay
it will be sure to meet in the Senate, will defeat
the bill.
Now, in reference to the Pacific Railroad
Committee, I beg leave to say that on page
131 of the Rules 1 find the following:
"Thereshall "be appointed at the commencement
of each Congress a Committee on tliePacific Railroad,
to consist oi nine members: and it shall be tho duty
of tho said coramitteo to take into consideration all
such petitions and matters and things relative to
railroads and telegraph lines between the Mississippi
valley and tho Pacific coast as shall be presented, or
shall come in question and be referred to them by the
House, and to report their opinion, together with
such propositions rolativc thereto, as to them shall
seem expedient."
This bill therefore clearly comes within the
provision of that rule, and belongs to the juris-
diction of the Pacific Railroad Committee. Now,
if I believed there bad been any want of earnest
consideration on the part of that committee, I
certainly would be willing to have it go to the
Committee on Public Lands. If the Pacific
Railroad Committee have not fairly considered
this bill, have not fairly weighed the provis-
ions which are to guard the rights both of the
Government and of individuals, then I am
wholly at a loss to know what can be done in
order to throw still greater safeguards around
a measure of this kind. Besides, sir, this is
a Senate bill. It was most thoroughly consid-
ered by the Committee on Public Lands of the
Senate. All its provisions were thoroughly
weighed, some of the members of the commit-
tee being, I believe, adverse to making the
grant. The bill now comes iere, not only with
the sanction of the' Senate, but with the unani-
mous approval of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad of this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, without consuming fur-
ther time upon this point, I will move the
amendment which I first proposed, with the un-
derstanding that the gentleman from Indiana
will accept it. The amendment is to insert
after the word "railroad" at the end of the
eighth line of the second section the words
"within twenty miles from the line thereof."
, Mr. KASSON. I wish to call the gentle-
man's attention to the fact that that amend-
ment will not effect the purpose which I think
he intends.
Mr. BIDWELL. I think there can be no
objection to the amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I will state to the gentleman
the objection which I think does exist, as the
gentleman will find by examination. The bill
in its present form provides for granting '' every
alternate section of public land designated by
odd numbers, to the amount of ten sections
per mile on each side of said railroad,, and
contiguous thereto." The limit is that these
lands shall be contiguous to the railroad. Then
follows a provision that " when any of said sec-
tions or parts of sections shall be found to have
beengranted, sold, reserved, occupied by home-
stead settlers, preempted, or otherwise disposed
of, other lands, designated as aforesaid, shall
be selected by said companies in lieu thereof,
within twenty miles of said road.''
It seems to me, therefore, that the amend-
ment proposed enlarges, rather than limits,
the present provisions of the bill, for by its
present terms it requires the land to be contig-
uous to the road, while the amendment would
appear to allow the company twenty miles' dis-
tance in which to select the lands.
Mr. BIDWELL. I can entirely obviate that
difficulty, and will do so by moving to strike
out the words " and contiguous thereto," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words "within
twenty miles from the line thereof." I am
sure there can be no objection to that. Will
the gentleman from Indiana accept this ?
Mr. JULIAN. I accept it as a modification
of my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the thirteenth and fourteenth lines
of the second section the words " within twenty
miles of said road." Those words are now
surplusage.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman will permit
me to say that they are not surplusage, because
the bill provides for other lands to be selected
in lieu of the ten sections within twenty miles.
Mr. BIDWELL. There are no other lands
within that limit. That is the reason why this
language is now surplusage, and why I desire
it stricken out. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. JULIAN. This House does not know
whether there are any other lands or not. If
the language is surplusage it can do no harm.
I certainly object to striking out those words.
Mr. BIDWELL. I beg to say to the gentle-
man from Indiana, with all due respect, that
this language will do harm to the bill if it be
allowed to remain, and I will state the reason.
If any of these lands are settled upon by home-
stead or preemption settlers, or have been
granted or reserved by the Government, or if
they are mineral lands, we ask, in all good
faith, that the company may take other lands
in lieu of them. As there arc no other lands
within that limit, we desire to have that lan-
guage stricken out.
Mr. KASSON. I suppose the gentleman is
aware that if that language prescribing a limit
be stricken out this company will be left at
liberty, in the selection of their lands, to go
over the entire States of California and Oregon.
Mr. BIDWELL. By no means, f ana will-
ing that a limit shall be fixed. In the grant to
the Northern Pacific railroad made in 1864, it
is provided that—
"Whenever prior to said time a,ny of said sections
or parts of sections shall have been granted, sold,
reserved, occupied by homestead settlers, or pre-
empted or otherwise disposed of, other lands shall
be selected by said company in lieu thereof, under
the direction of the Secretary of tho Interior, in al-
ternate sections and designated by odd numbers, n($
more than ten miles beyond the limits of said alter-
nate sections."
Now we ask for that and nothing more. We
want the amendment to cover that precise
amount and nothing more. I appeal to this
House, is it any more- than just to_ ask for a
provision in this law such as was in the law
