314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
recently the disbursements at many of the agencies
were so small us not to afford sufficient inducements j
to persons to accept the appointment of pension as-ont, ;
and the Department experienced considerable diffi- ;
cuity in providing tor the payment of pensions insome j
localities. Now the amountsdisbursedatmany of the !
agencies reach to several hundred thousand dollars I
per annum, rendering the offices very remunerative,
and causing them to be sought after with much avid-
ity. Every reasonable precaution should, therefore,
be taken to guard against the selection of improper
and unsuitable persons for the discharge of duties
which have thus become so important and responsi-
ble, and no better one can he adopted thanthatwhich
brings to the aid of the Executive the advice of the
Senate. I therefore respectfully submit tbo accom-
panying draft of a bill for that purpose.
But little, if any, additional expense is involved;
and as existing laws make adequate provision for the
expenses ofthe agencies, and ior the compensation of
the agents, no further legislation is deemed necessary.
I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,
JAMES HA11LAN, SeereWnj.
Hon. Henry S. Lane, Chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, Senate ofthe United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire of the
Senator from Indiana whether there ought not
to be some limitation in this bill. As it is, it
authorizes the appointment of any number of
these officers. The President may. under it,
appoint fifty in one State if lie shall think prop-
er. Is it not practicable to limit it to a cer-
tain number? I would also like to inquire what
the fees arc. I see by the letter of the Secre-
tary that it is stated that adequate provision is
made for the payment of these officers. A few
years ago I had occasion to look into the pen-
sion laws with a view of ascertaining by what
authority the Secretary of the Interior increased
the number of peusion agents. I was aware
that he was appointing new agents in different
parts of the country, and I searched the stat-
utes, as I thought, very carefully, and although
the Secretary in his letter refers to some stat-
ute, I tailed to find any authority for the Secre-
tary of the Interior to make these appointments.
I have never been able to find it, and if the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions will
refer us to the statute which gave that authority
I shall examine to see what its limitations are.
Further, it would seem to me that this bill is
very broad and not sufficiently guarded. I have
no objection to the object of the bill; I think
it proper that appointments of this character
should be made by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and I think it
proper also that the number of pension agents
should be increased. I am not complaining that
they were increased; but 1 failed to lind the
authority of law for it.
Mr. LANli, of Indiana. If I understand the
law upon this subject, it is just this: before the
organization of the Department of the Interior
pensions were paid under the rules and regula-
tions of the War Department. In many in-
stances special agents were appointed for the
purpose; in others the cashiers of banks acted
as agents. The whole business was done under
the supervision of the War Department, and it
had a discretion as to the number of districts
and the number of agents to be appointed. On
the organization of the Interior Department-the
whole business of pensions was transferred from
the War Department to the Interior Department,
with precisely the same discretion to appoint
agents who should pay the pensions. The in-
creased compensation isnothing. Suppose there
is only one agent in the State of Illinois to-day.
and he pays all the pensions, he gets a certaiu
percentage upon the amount paid; that is all
that he gets. If there are four agents, that per-
centage is divided among the four; so that the
expense is not increased by the unlimited num-
ber of appointees, while the convenience of the
people is greatly facilitated by it. because they
are enabled to receive their pensions at a point
nearer than they would if there was only one
agent in a State.
Chore are now only forty-nine pension agents
in the United States. I have in my hand a list
of them and a statement of the amount of bonds
now required of every agent. I do not think
it is practicable to limit the discretion of ibe
Fresuk-nl a" to the -number of districts or ihe
number of agents. There are some ten or
eleven State" which were lately in rebellion that
now h;:'"e no p«nsicn agents at ail. The Sec-
retary of the Interior thinks it very desirable,
and so does the Commissioner of Pensions, that
he should have discretion to establish agencies,
for instance, in Tennessee and Alabama, at
points where we have raised Union troops in
the rebellious States, and I do not think it prac-
ticable to limit this discretion. While the pay-
ments were made by the Seercta y of War ho
had full discretion as to the number of agents
to be appointed.; since it has been in the Inte-
rior Department the Secretary of the Interior
has had precisely the same discretion; and,
under this bill, the only change contemplated
is that you give the power to the President and
give a discretion to the President as to the
number of agents,-so that when an agent is ap-
pointed he has to be nominated to the Senate and
pass the scrutiny of this body. I think it emi-
nently proper that the bill should be passed,
and I think it impracticable to limit the num-
ber of agents by legislation.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. One of the objects
I had in offering the resolution which resulted
in the presentation of this bill was to have the
acting agents revised by the President and the
Senate, and I should like to know from the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions what objec-
tion there was to so framing the bill as to have
the nominations of the existing agents pass in
revision before the President and Senate.
Mr. LANB, of Indiana. The objection, as
I understand, was just this: we have forty-nine
pension agents who have given bonds ranging
from S25,U00 to £>200,000. The Secretary of
the Interior says he is perfectly satisfied that
every single agent is honest, competent, and
efficient, and he does not need any change in
them. The Commissioner of Pensions assured
the committee of precisely the same state of
things. We did not think it proper to legislate
out ofoffice lbrty-ninegood officers when neither
the Secretary of the Interior nor the Commis-
sioner of Pensions desired any such tiling : but
we leave it to the President, and to the Secre-
tary of the Interior on his recommendation, to
revise the whole list and reappoint them all if
he chooses: but in the mean time all these act-
ing agents retain their offices. I find, too, that
the bonds, in the opinion of the Commissioner
of Pensions, are sufficient. I have a list here
of them all.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. What is the bond
ofthe agent in Kansas?
Mr. LA XL, of Indiana. Sevenly-five thou-
sand dollars is the amount of the bond of the
agent, in Kansas. They require a very high
bond in Kansas.
Mr. POMHROY. I think the suggestion
made by the Senator from Illinois is a very good
one. There ought to be at least,some limit.
If these offices are so remunerative, as the
Secretary ofthe interior in his letter indicates,
there will of course be a great many applica-
tions, and 1 would suggest to the Senator from
Illinois that it be limited to one pension agent
for each congressional district. That will give
onetoabont one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand inhabitants. 1 believe that is about the
rig lit number.
Mr. TPLWIBULL. I have looked at the law
of 1WU, and 1 will read it:
"Be it clinchd, ,lv.. That the Socrctary of War be,
and he is hereby. authorized and required to establish
a jfoii.-ion agency at Pulaski, ill tlie State of Tonnes-
see, for the payment of all pensioners of the United
States resident in the counties of Lincoln, Giles, Law-
rence, and Wayne, in said State : Piovided, That the
establishment of puell ae-eney can he made without
any charge to the United States."
TIow thai can be construed to authorize the
Secretary of War to appoint as many agents as
he pleases I do not know; and although the
powers of the Secretary of War in this respect
have been transferred to the Secretary of the
Interior, how it gave him that authority I can-
not conceive. To show that such was not the
intention of Congress, I will read another act
parsed in
"He if i tTiclcd, lie.. That the,Secretary of War be, and
he hereby i-', authorized and empowered to establish a
pennon agency at Tuscaloosa, in thoStateof Alabsma,
tor tile payment of pen.-ioners of the United States
resident i:■ the tounties of Piekeii-s thimier, (rri-eeue,
lUaren^n, Perry, Bibb, Tuscaloosa, Jefferson, Walher.
Fayette, Shelhv,Randolph, and Tallartecn, in the State
of Alabama: Pmcidcd, That no additional expense
shall be incurred in the establishment of said pension
agency."
Is it to be believed that the Congress of the
United States went on year after year author-
izing the establishment of a pension agency at
each place where it was needed, while ail the
time the Secretary of War had authority to ap-
point as many agents as he pleased and where
he pleased? I undertake to say that there is no
statute authorizing the appointment of these
pension agents ad libitum.
Now, I wish to ask of the Senator from In- -
diana another question. He says that it makes
no difference to the United States how many
pension agents there are, because they are paid
by fees or by a percentage. Is it so that there
is no limit to the amount of pay that these offi-
cers may receive ? After this great war, when
the number of our pensioners has been multi-
plied a hundred fold, and the amount of money
necessary to pay them lias swelled from hun-
dreds of thousands to millions of dollars each
year, is it so that these agents receive a per-
centage of one, two, or three per cent., amount-
ing perhaps to ten, twenty, or fifty thousand dol-
lars? If there be a limit, the Senate will readily
perceive that it is a matter of material conse-
quence how many pension agents you have : for
ifonepensionagentdoes the business and cannot
receive more than a certain amount for his pay,
say Sib000, or $5,000, or whatever may be the
limit, he would pay all the pensioners within a
given district, and would reccive no more than
that sum, no matter what the percentage might
amount to beyond it; wdiile if there were half
a dozen pension agencies within the same district
and each received his SO, 000, or whatever might
be the sum fixed, it would cost the Government
six times as much to ]iay the pensioners. I
desire to know whether there is not a limit on
the amount of pay that a pension agent may
receive under the law as it now stands.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. My impression is that
the percentage is fixed by the Secretary of the
Interior; I do not believe there is any law regu-
lating the amount of the percentage. I under-
stand the fact to be, however, that there are no
pension agencies in the United States worth
S:J, 000 a year. There is no single agency where
the percentage amounts to (hat much, though
in one office Sfi()0,00() a year is paid out I
understand that hardly any of the agencies
cxceed S2.500 a year.
The argument of' the Senator from Illinois,
that there is now no law regulating the appoint-
ment of these agents, is the very strongest pos-
sible reason why we should pass a law on the
subject. The very thing contemplated by the
bill before the Senate is to fix the manner of
appointment. The only question is whether we
had better limit the number. I think it im-
practicable and wholly useless to do so if we
could, for if they are paid by a percentage they
will only receive a certain proportion of the
whole amount, whether it be paid by many or
few agents. The Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Poiiekoy] suggested that the number should be
limited to one agent for each congressional dis-
trict. That would be a beautiful limitation 1
One to each congressional district, when we now
have only forty-nine for the whole United States!
The complaint is that we have too many now;
and therefore the number must be limited by
appointing two hundred and forty-four ! I do
not see the force of that argument. We must
leave the discrelion somewhere, trusting and
believing that no more will be appointed than
the necessities of the country demand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. 60.
T'RH r:T)MF.\'s BUREAU.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
00) to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's
Ptireau.
Mr. IIENDPJCKS. T was not able, Mr.
President, to agree with the Committee on the
