1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
8X5
Judiciary in its conclusion to recommend this
bill to ihe favorable consideration of the Senate,
and I had intended rather fully to examine its
provisions, but find my health is such to-day
that I shall not be able very fully to consider
it. I intend, however, briefly to discuss what
I think are the prominent features of the bill.
It is entitled "A bill to enlarge the powers of
the Freedmen's Bureau." it should be en-
titled "A bill to enlarge the powers and extend
the jurisdiction of the Freedmen's Bureau,"
and then the title would accurately define the
force of the bill. Upon the title itself, as indi-
cating the purpose of the bill, 1 wish to ask
Senators what are the reasons in favor of the
enactment of this proposed Jaw. Why shall
we now extend the powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau?
At the last session of Congress the original
law creating tha t bureau was passed. TVe were
then in the midst of the war; very considerable
territory had been brought within the control
of the Union troops and armies, and within
the scope of that territory, it was said, there
were many frcedmen who must be protected
by a bill of that sort; and it was mainly upon
that argument that the bill was enacted. The
Senate was very reluctant to enact the law cre-
ating the bureau as it now exists. There was
so much hesitancy on the part of the Senate,
that by a very large vote it refused to agiee to
the bill reported by the Senator fiom Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Scmxkr,] from a committee of
conference, and X believe the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Tuvmp.ull,] who in-
troduced this bill, himself voted against that
bill; and why? That bill simply undertook to
define the powers and duties of the Freedmen's
Bureau and its agents, and the Senate would
not agree to conifer the powers that that bill
upon its face seemed to confer, and it was
voted down; and then the law as it now stands
was enacted in general terms. There was very
little gained, indeed, by the Senate refusing to
pass the first bill and enacting the latter, for
under the law as it passed the Freedmen's
Bureau assumed very nearly all the jurisdiction
and to exercise all the powers contemplated
in the bill reported by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Now, sir. it is important to nolo very care-
fully the enlargement of the powers of this bu-
reau proposed by this bill; and in the fust place
it proposes to make the bureau permanent.
The last Congress would not agree lo this. The
bill that the Senate voted down did not limit
the duration of the bureau and it was voted
down, and the bill that the Senate agreed to
provided that the bureau should continue dur-
ing t he war and only for one year after its termi-
nation. That was the judgment of the Senate
at the last, session. What has occurred sir.ee
to change, the judgment of the Senate in this
important matter? What change in the condi-
tion of the country induces the Senate now to
say that this shall be a permanent bureau or
Department of the Government, when at the
last session it said it should cease lo exist within
one year after t lie conclusion of the war? Why.
sir, it seems to me that the country is now, and
especially the southern States are now in a
better condition than the Senate had leason to
expect when the law was enacted. Civil gov-
ernment has been restored in almost all the
southern Stales; the courtsare restored in many
of them ; in many localities they are exercising
their jurisdiction within their particular locali-
ties without let or hinderanee ; and why, I a«k
Senators, shall we make this bureau a perpet-
ual and permanent institution of the Govern-
ment when we refused to do it at the last ses-
sion ?
•Mr. President, upon this subject I wish to
call the attention of the Senate to the informa-
tion that wo have : and I intend first to read
very briefly from the recent mes^ige of the
President of the United States in reply to the
resolution adopted by Ihe Senate on the Uth
of December. lie says :
" I have the honor to state that tho rebellion waped
by a portion of the people against the propeily con-
stituted authorities of the Government of the United
States has been suppressed; that the United States
are in possession of every State in which the insur-
rection existed, and that, as far as could bo done, the
courts of the United States have been restored, post
offices reestablished, and steps taken to put in to effect-
ive operation the revenue laws of the country.
"As the result of the measures institutedhy the
Executive, with a view of inducing a resumption of
the functions of the States comprehended in the in-
quiry of the Senate, the people in North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia. Alabama, Mississippi, Lou-
isiana, Arkansas, and Tennessee, have reorganised
their respective State governments, and 4 are yielding
obedience to the laws and Government of the United
States' with more willingness andgreater promptitude
than, under the circumstances, could reasonably have
been anticipated. The proposed amendment to the
Constitution providing forthe abolition of slavery for-
ever within the limits of the country has been ratified
by each one of those States with the exception of Mis-
sissippi, from which no official information has yet
been received; and m nearly all of them measures
have been adopted or are pending to confer upon
freedmen rights and privileges which are essential to
their comfort, protection, and security."
I wish to call the attention of tho Senate to
the latter part of the sentence, "and in nearly
all of (hem," that is, in nearly all of the se-
ceding States, "measures have been adopted
or are now ponding to confer upon freedmen
rights and privileges which are essential to their
comfort, protection, and security." The Presi-
dent of the United States informs us that tho
southern States themselves are adopting meas-
ures with a view to the profeelion'and pros-
perity of the colored people, and this within
so short a period after the close of the w;Sr,
when we could scarcely have expected that
tho reorganization of the southern States would
have gone so far, when we could scarcely have
expected that the prejudices engendered by the
war would have passed awaylo sueh-an extent
as that the southern States themselves would
have taken this very important and desirable
step.
Jn the same connection I wish to read very
brielly from Ihe report of General Grunt. I
know it is claimed that General Grant, says in j
this report that the Freedmen's Bureau must j
be continued in the southern Slates. I wi.-di \
Senators to observe precisely what soil of a j
Freedmen's Ikueau Geneial Grant says should |
be continued, lie does not anywhere reeom- j
mend the establishment of a despotism within
ti]e southern States such as this bill proposes, j
General Grant proposes simply that small gar-
risons shall be continued in the southern States
until order and.quietarc fully restored, and then
that the troops shall be entirely withdrawn.
Upon that, subject 1 will read from his report.
He is not complimentary to the bureau. It. has
been in existence some months, and I will read
what General Grant sajs of il:
"1 did not give tho operation of the Freedmen's
Bureau that attention L would have done if more
time hud hern ;,t my <ti--L)ie"a!. Conveisauon* on the
Mibieet. liowe\ or, witti otlieers connected wilh tiie
bureau lend lue to think that, in some ot the States,
its alMus inn e not been conducted witli good judg-
ment or economy, anil iluit the belief, wtdelv spread
among the freedmen of the southern States that the
lands of their tormcr owners wilt, at least in part, be
divided amoiv^ them, has tonic from the agentsof this
bureau. This belief is seriously intelfering with the
willingness of the ftecdmen to make eon tracts, for the
conumr year. In some form the IVoeunici> V liuieau
is jui n Volute neoe;„-it> until eivil law is established
and enfoiced, scouring to the freedmen their rights
and full protection. At present, however, it in inde-
pendent ot the military establishment of the coun-
try, and seems to be operated by the different agents
of tile, bureau according to their individual notions,
llcerwvhere !I■-ri"!,'! Howard, the i.',!e head of tiio
bureau, made inendsbv the j it:- i and t air instructions
and advicohe pave; but the complaint m South Car-
olina va.^ that when he lett Lorn ' - \yoiil on as before.''
Again, he ;-ays:
"The Freedmen' Uureau be'ins >eparatcdfi'nn ihe
military e^-tiiMnhmeiit < ; tiie country require-? all the
expense ef a, oni ate oreanizut ion. One does not, li e-
ce^-arily know what the other is doing, or what oi\U r-
they , i i e acinu; under. It seem-' to me this could bo {
corrected by ie<rardin'r cverv officer on dutv wilh t
troop* in the s oulhorn States as an a<rent of the Freed- 1
men's Bureau, and then hat e ,: il urdei.<s li om ttic head ;
of th" bnieau ..ent throuch drprumont commanders. '
This would ornate a io-nnn*:lulity that would secure ;
umtonnity of action throughout all theSoiith: \iou5d !
mwin e (he ordeirf and m.-aiu-dion1- ii em the heod of the |
bureau boins curl ied out, and would relieve from dutv
and pay a W^e number ot employes of the Gorem- ;
luent." ]
Nov.'. sir. lo understand wfiat General Grant
means. I \\ ilf turn to another part of'his report: \
" four cars of war. during which law v. as executed <
only atthepointof thebayonetthroughoutthe States
in rebellion, have left tho people possibly in a condi-
tion not to yield that ready obedience to eivil author-
ity the American people have generally been in the
habit of yielding. This would render-the presence
of small garrisons throughout those States necessary
until sach time as labor returns to its proper channel
and eivil authority is fully established. X did not
meet any one, either those holding places under the
Government or citizens of the southern States, who
think it practicable to withdraw the military from the
South at present. The white and the black mutually
require the protection of tho General Government."
This is all I need at present read from this
report. And what, sir, are General Grant's
views? First, that the bureau has not been
well conducted; each agent has acted upon his
own- notions ; there has been no uniformity of
action ; in many localities the agents have in-
duced the blacks to believe that the lands of
their former owners would be divided out among
them. This impression, the General says, lias
induced the colored people to refuse to enter
into contracts for labor the coming year. The
bureau itself has prevented the-adjustment of
-the labor of the South ; has prevented that
state of things which must take place before
there can bo entire quiet in those States. ~
Then, what is proposed? Not that we shall
send out an army of civil officers to govern the
southern Slates; but lie proposes that in the
southern Slates small garrisons shall be con-
tinued, not of colored troops, for he slijs that
produces evil, but of white troops, until the civil
law is fully established and the courts become
fully organized to adjust the affairs of the peo-
ple. I intended to read on this subject from
the New York Tribune in reply to some letters
which the Senator from Massachusetts lias read
to the Senate this morning. That paper says
that, by many communications from the south-
ern States, it is clear that things are in a very
much batter condition than was to be expccted;
that labor is returning lo its channels; that
peace is prevailing; and that harmony between
the colored people and the whiles will soon be
the result of the present state of things. 1 in-
tended reading from the article, but I find the
paper is mislaid.
Then, sir, from this evidence that we have be-
fore us. the statement of facts by the President
of the United States, the statement of facts by
the Lieutenant General of the United States,
after a visit, into the southern States, what rea-
son is iheie for the Senate to pass a bill enlar-
ging the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau, a
bureau of altogether too much power now. It
is important, 1 believe, if this bureau is to con-
tinue, that its powers shall be more accurately
defined, because it seems now to do whatever it
pleases. T believe it, has extended its jurisdic-
tion over States not within the provisions of the
law. 1 believe Kentucky has been brought
within the scope and sphere of its government,
when the lav' did not contemplate it and did not
allow it. 1 believe the District of Columbia has
been made a province within its government and
control, and 1 think the law did not contemplate
or allow that. *
Then, sir, this bill proposes that the bureau
shall be permanent. I ask Senators, in the first
place, if they are now, with the most satisfactory
information that is before the body, willing to
do t hai which they refused to do at the last ses-
sion of Congress. We refused to pass the law
when it proposed to establish a permanent, de-
partment; shall we now, when the war is over,
when the Staic-s are returning to their places in
the Union, veil en the citizens are returning to
their allegiance, when pcace and quiet, toavery
large extent, prevail over that country, when
the courts arc reestablished ; is the Senate nov,-,
with this information before it, willing to make
this a permanent bureau and department of the
Government?
The next proposition of the, bill is. that it.
shall not be confined any longer to the south-
ern States, but, that it shall have a government
over tiie States of the North as well as of the
South. 1 call the attention of the Senate to
the third section of the law which it is proposed
to amend:
" The President may, by and with the advice and
consent of th i Senate, appoint an assistant coninns-
