1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1379
under such regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of War.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire not to object,
but only to state that the Secretary of War is
a mere secretary, and a secretary is a clerk,
and lie cannot " prescribe" rules. That is all
I care to say.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill by
inserting as a new section, after the twenty-
ninth section, the following:
And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized to employ in
the Territories and Indian country a foiee of Indians,
not to exceed one thousand, to act as scouts, who
shall receive the pay and allowances of cavalry sol-
diers, and be discharged whenevpr the necessity for
their further employment is abated, or at the discre-
tion ot the department commander.
1 am not particular about putting this amend-
ment on the present bill if there is any objec-
tion to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to have it
explained, if it is to be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I have a letter from General
Sherman strongly recommending it, and it is
also indorsed very strongly by General Grant
and the Secretary of War as a thing that would
be of great advantage and a saving to the coun-
try. If any body objects to its going on the
regular Army bill, I will withdraw it and bring
it in as a separate proposition.
Mr. CON NESS. I have no objection to its
being placed on this bill if it is to be adopted
at all.
Mr. GRIMES. I would object to putting on
a bill to increase and fix the military peace es-
tablishment of the United States a proposition
authorizing the employment of Indians, which
. must certainly bo tempory in its character, or
I should trust so. Let it be brought in as a
separate proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. The explanation given by
the chairman of the committee that it is rec-
ommended by Generals Grant and Sherman
and by the Secretary of War 
Mr. GLUMES. They do not recommend that
it be placed upon this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I will address myself to
that in one instant. The Senator fiom Iowa
must know that if it is a proposition that ought
to be adopted theie would be a great deal of
difficult}7 in getting it through in a separate bill.
Bills of that kind can scarcely ever be passed ;
and if it is a proposition that ought to be adopted,
the value of it is iu getting it adopted at once.
I think if it is to be passed at all it may as well
be added to this bill. Though it may sound
incongruous, it is the only way you can get it.
You could not pass it probably as a separate
proposition.
Mr. McDOLTGALL. Having had occasion
to be among the Kiowas, the Arapahoes, the
Camanches, the Oneidas. and other Indians, I
can say this from my own observation: there
are a body of Indians who are attached to this
country; there are a great many Indians hos-
tile to it; and the employment of a thousand
Indians on the frontier by this Government
would be a great economy. General Grant
knows it; I know it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose further to amend
the bill by adding the following as an addi-
tional section:
Add he it further eanrteil. That section thirty-fiye of
the a"t entitled " An act for em oiling and calling out
the national torer,s. and tor ether purposes," approved
March ci, IS',53. prohibiting the paymentot extra duty
pay to enlisted men ot the Army, be, and the same is
heieby. icpe.dcd.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding at the end of it:
And 1 iie provisions of the original act and the au-
thoi ity : o grant extra pay are lie: eby extended to the
enlisted men in the Navy of the United States.
ilr. HARRIS. How will the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts read it it is
amended in that way?
The Secretary read, as follows:
And7 he It further enacted, That section thirty-five of
the act. c ntUled "An act (or enrolling and calling out
tlicnatioiiattoices. and for other purposes.' approved
March 3 1868. prohibiting the payment ot extra duty
pay to enlisted men of the Army, tie, and the same is
hereby, icpealcd; and the provisions of the original
act and tile authority to grant extra pay are hereby
extended to the enlisted men in the Navy of theXinited
States,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
some explanation of that. How much money
will it probably take?
Mr. WILSON. By the thirty-fifth section of
the act referred to in the amendment, soldiers
wrerc not allowed to receive any extra compensa-
tion for any extra duty they performed. By the
old Rules and Regulation of the Army twenty-
five cents per day was paid to enlisted men
when they, were assigned to extra duty. That
duty was often very laborious, and sometimes
very destructive to their clothing. This prop-
osition will allow extra pay to the enlisted men
of the Army who arc detailed for certain pur-
poses. It is said by Army officers that the men
are very often detailed so that their clothing
is worn out very fast, and it imposes a great
burden upon them. 'They once received twenty-
five cents a day when so detailed for this la-
borious land of work. This bill proposes to
repeal the section of the act of 180.5 forbidding
that allowance, so that if they are detailed for
extra duty they may receive this compensation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to know
if it is to be retrospective.
Mr. WILSON. No; it is to apply to the
regular Army hereafter.
Mr. FESSENDEN". It does not apply to
labor heretofore performed?
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. In addition to what the
Senator from Massachusetts has said, T will
state that 1 have known cases where troops have
been sent out on the frontier to build a fort.
There was no provision and no contract made
by the Government for the erection of a fort,
but the troops were required to build it, and
they received this small compensation of twenty-
five cents a day, or whatever was allowed, in
addition to the compensation they were receiv-
ing monthly from the Government, which
seemed to be fair, and 1 believe it was found to
be an advantage to the Government that such
a compensation should be allowed.
1 had intended to oiler the amendment I now
propose, as a separate section to apply to a few-
cases that occur in the Na\y. Take, for ex-
ample, the Naval Academy. There are some one
hundred and fifty or two hundred seamen there.
Some of them are skillful mechanics, and they
can be employed to advantage outside of the
regular duties that they are required to perform
as'sailors, which only take up a portion of their
time, in these various mechanical pursuits which
are necessary to the Government to be per-
formed, and which they would be required to
hire outside persons to perform if they do not
allow this small compensation. I have offered
the amendment at the suggestion of Admiral
Porter, who desired such a provision to be
made.
Mr. NESMITH. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts is not. only
eminently just to the soldiers, but 1 think it
will result in a very great saving to'the Gov-
ernment. Where detachments of troops are
sent to the frontier it often occurs that they are
compelled to erect their own quarters and sta-
bles and perform other labor which does not
legitimately belong to the duties of a soldier.
Til those places those men very readily volun-
teer to perform that service for a slight addi-
tional compensation, twenty-live cents a day,
and it is performed in places where to hire cit-
izens to do the labor would generally cost two,
three, or live dollars a daj*. It will result in
a very great saving to the Government, in that
wav. Besides, the soldiers, being men aeeus-
toiiie'd to labor all their lives, prefer to be em
ployed in erecting buildings or in some active
employment of that kind. hile so employed
they are usually relieved from guard duty, and
they are not paid this extra compensation un-
less they arc employed, I think, for a month.
When tliey are employed for a month or for a
certain number of days—lam not able to state
the exact number now—they get this extra-
duty pay. While the compensation is very,
small it is satisfactory to them -and rcmnner- :
ates them for the wear and tear of their cloth- ,
ing and for the tools for which they become
responsible to the quartermaster's department
while they are performing that duty. As to
the application of it to the Navy I do not know
much about that; but I dare say, as the Sen-,
ator from Iowa states, there is necessity for it
there. I hope the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa will be adopted, and that then the
original proposition as amended will become
a part t>f this bill.
The amendment to the amendment wafc
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I believe I have po more,
amendments to offer at present.
Mr. NESMITH. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill as an
additional section:
And be it further enaetcd, That all officers who have
served during the rebellion as volunteers in the armies
ot the United States, and who have been, ot who hore-
after may be honorably mustered out of the volunteer
service, shall be entitled to beartho official title, and,
upon occasions of ceremony, to wear tho uniform of
the highest grade they liavo held by brevet or other
commission in tho volunteer service: in tho case of
officers of the regular Army the volunteer rank shall
be entered upon tho Army Register: Provided, That
these privileges shall not entitle any officer to com-
mand, pay, or emoluments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have'one or two
amendments that 1 wish to propose to this
bill if the Senator from Massachusetts is will-
ing that they should bo made. I propose in
line six of section four to strike out the word
''five" and insert "thirteen," and after the
word "regiments" in the same line to insert
tlie words "of which eight regiments shall be
composed of colored men," and then to strike
out all after the word " field" in the thirteenth
line in the following words:
And eight regiments to be composed of colored
men, to be officered by officers of eolored troops, who
have served two years during tho war, and who have
been distinguished for capacity and flood conduct in
the field: Provided, That promotions in the colored
regiments hereby authorized shall bo confined to the
regiments of that corps.
So that the section will read:
That there shall be fifty regiments of infantry, to
consist ot the ten regiments of ten companies earfi
now organized; the nine remaining regimentsso dis-
tributed that each battalion, with the addition of
two companies, shall constitute a regiment ot ten
companies, and thirteen additional regiments of
which eight regiments shall be composed of colored
men often companies each, and all the vacancies in
tho grades of first and second lieutenant,and two
thirds of the vacancicsin thegradesabovethatoffirst
lieutenant shall be filled by selection from among
the officers and soldiers of voluntcennfantry or artil-
lery, and one thiid fiom officers and soldiers of tho
regular Army who have served two years during tho
war, and have been distinguished lor capacity and
good conduct in the field.
The eftcct of this amendment will simply be
to make . lie same number of colored regiments,
but to strike out the clause which requires that
those colored regiments shall be officered by
officers who have been officers of colored troops,
leaving the whole list of officers to be selected
from all tho troops indiscriminately. The sec-
tion as it now stands would make a very great
inequality. Those who have commanded col- '
ored troops would stand three or four times
the best chance to get a command, on account
of the comparatively small number of eolored
troops. My amendment will throw the whole
selection open to bo made from the best officers
wherever tb ey may be found. I hope this amend'
ment will be accepted.
Mr. ROMERO Y. I do not know that I want
to object to this amendment, but I think the
officers who commanded colored troops have
been subjected to such peculiar hardships, many
of them when taken prisoners being hardly al.
lowed quarters, that there are some reasons
perhaps why we should give tliem some advan-
tages over those who have served as officers in
white regiments. I do not like to insist upon
it. but I think the bill was drawn with that idea.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That can be considered
just as well by the Department as by us.
