2340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it reported from that
committee?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time,
The bill was read the third time and passed.
MESSAGE Ji'IlOM THE HOUSE.
A niessage from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No. 26) to encourage telegraphic
communication between the United States and
the island of Cuba and other West India
islands, and the Bahamas.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 342) in amendment of an act to
promote the progress of the useful arts, and
the acts in amendment of and in addition
thereto ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 344) to incorporate the
Niagara Ship-Canal Company—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) to carry
into immediate eifect the bill to provide for
the better organization of the pay department
of the Navy—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 342) in amendment of an
act to promote the progress of the useful arts,
and the acts in amendment of and in addition
thereto—to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
AlOIY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to postpone
all prior orders, if there are any, and take up
the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 127) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1807.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with two amendments. The first amendment
was to reduce the appropriation "for con-
tingencies of the Army" from $250,000 to
$100,000.
The amendment w&s agreed to'.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso at the end of the bill:
Provided, That no partof themonoy hereby appro-
priated shall be used for paying the Illinois Central
Railroad Company for the transportation of the troops
or the proper ty of tbeUni ted States; and the Attorney
General of the United States is hereby directed to
institute a suit ngfunstthe said company in the cir-
cuit court of the United States, in the eleventh cir-
cuit, without delay, to rceoverfromthesaid company
any moneys that have been paid to thesaideompany
by nny department of the Government for the trans-
portation of the troops or property of the United
States; and the said Attorney General is hereby fur-
ther directed to appear for the United States in said
court, and prosccut.e its interests in the said suit.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the same contro-
versy that we had here a year ago, and which
was then very thoroughly debated, and I think
the Senate by an almost unanimous vote agreed
to strike out a similar proviso in the Army ap-
propriation bill of last year. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to it now, so that if a con-
troversy should arise between the two Houses
in regard to it, it may be understood. We ex-
amined the matter thoroughly a year ago and
came to the conclusion that the arrangement
made between Mr. Secretary Cameron and the
Illinois Central Railroad Company was a rea-
sonable one and ought to be executed in good
faith by the Government, and therefore this pro-'
viso was not a proper provision to be inserted
in a law. We adhere to that conclusion, after a
reexamination of the subject.
Mr. YATES. I perfectly agree with the
committee, and am in favor of striking out this
proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
jtnd be it further enacted, That the sum of $14G,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be disbursed by the Secretary of "War, in the erec-
tion of fire-proof buildings at or near the Schuylkill
arsenal, in the city ofPhiladelphia, to be used asstore-
houses for Government purposes at that post.
I will simply say that this amendment is in
accordance with a recommendation of the Quar-
termaster General, approved by the Secretary
of War. We have $0,000,000 worth of prop-
erty there now, and the buildings are insecure,
and they think it absolutely necessary for the
security of that property and for the public
service that this appropriation should be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of the fortieth line
on the third page:
Provided, That the quartermaster's department
shall, in supplying clothing and blankets for the
military service on the Pacific coast, give a prefer-
ence to articles manufactured there, when the same
can be obtained without paying an increased price
therefor, and when the quality shall be found to be
of au equal or superior character.
I wish to say, in explanation of this amend-
ment, and I call the attention of Senators to it,
that the quartermaster's department, and the
Indian department also, are now, and have
been, sending out to that coast, a class of
blankets and cloth of the most inferior charac-
ter, mostly manufactured in England, costing
the Government from twenty-five to fifty per
cent, more than our domestic manufactures,
made entirely of wool, can be obtained for at
San Francisco. I have at my room now—I did
not know that this bill would be called up to-
day—specimens which have been sent to me
of the blankets furnished by the department
with the prices that they cost the Government,
and also specimens of the blankets that are
manufactured at San Franeiseo. Those made
there are made entirely of wool, and are ob-
tainable on the ground at less than the ori-
ginal cost of the foreign article; and we are
paying in addition l'or the foreign inferior arti-
cle the entire cost of transportation to that
coast. In addition to that, while the domestic
article is made entirely of wool, at least one
half or two thirds of the foreign article is in-
fused with cow's hair. The cloth sent out there
for clothing is not of so bad a character, but
yet a bad character, wearing out almost imme-
diately, and costing the poor soldier nearly all
the Government pays him to be supplied with
clothing. I do not think that the amendment
can meet with any objection according to the
terms that are proposed in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law is now very strin-
gent in prescribing the mode and manner in
which the quartermaster's department shall
purchase property for that department. Bids
are to be invited, and the contracts are let to
the lowest bidder. Samples are furnished, and
those samples have to be complied with. Now,
to make a stipulation in favor of the domestic
manufacturers of California in a bill of this
kind would be unusual, in violation of the gen-
eral policy of the Government, and would
create trouble. The same claim might be made
in every other community. The same claim
might be made in Missouri and Iowa and in
any other State. The Senator says that Cali-
fornia furnishes better blankets at a cheaper
price. Then the people of California must
learn to bid at the regular time for furnishing
supplies in California. This is the only way
in which it can be done. If the Senator will
take pains in advising the people of California
of the time and place for making bids for blan-
kets, 1 have no doubt in due time the manu-
factures of California, if they are.springing up
so rapidly—I did not know that they had man-
ufactured in California 
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator evidently
does not know a good many things.
Mr. SHERMAN. The introduction of an
amendment like this, changing anil modifying
the existing law, will embarrass the bill, and 1
think it ought not to be adopted, certainly not
without grave consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. I should have been pleased
if this amendment had met the concurrence
of the Senator from Ohio, but I am very glad
that the Senator has opposed it in the manner
in which he has done. I do not think his ob-
jection that this amendment applies to a locality
is a tenable one, because there is no other lo-
cality, he will remember, situated just like ours.
We are on the other side of the continent. I
am glad, however, that he has made the obser-
vations that have fallen from him. The de-
partment appear to have been as oblivious
heretofore to the,fact that there were manufac-
tures of this character in California as my
honorable friend from Ohio. He says that if
I shall be active in advising our manufacturers
when they may bid they can get contracts to
supply these articles. I beg to assure my hon-
orable friend that there' is a knack about bid-
ding that the California manufacturers do not
yet appear to understand or come up to. They
have been here again and again by their agents
and have undertaken to impress upon the Gov-
ernment and the agents of the Government
employed in making these contracts the value
and benefit to the Government of receiving
their bids.
It has often been stated in this body that the
most expensive branch of this Government,
and the branch in which there is the least
responsibility, is the quartermaster's depart-
ment. It would hardly be necessary to affirm
that that is the fact here to-day. I say this
without any inclination to pass a word of cen-
sure upon the head of that department. Ha
cannot know, managed as the department is,
all that transpires. If'Iwere at liberty to state
here what I now know in regard to the impos-
sibility of honest men getting good goods ac-
cepted, it would surprise the country and the
Senate. Let me tell the Senator, and it is a
startling fact, that (against a special order
from the department here) after an inspection
of the blankets sent out to San Francisco from
the New York market, showing them to be
utterly unfit for use, and after an examination
and their condemnation by a military board
of inspection regularly constituted, there was
a peremptory order to go forward and use
them; and five thousand pairs of blankets
were concerned in that transaction. General
Halleck examined them himself, and ordered
them to be set aside, and would not permit
them to be used, notwithstanding the peremp-
tory order of the department.
Sir, this is not a new thing. It may be new
in the Senate. I have at my rooms now speci-
mens of the article that your soldiers are com-
pelled to sleep under by this mismanagement
that would surprise Senators, and they would
be ashamed that either a white man or a black
man should have them for his covering. The
Senator smiles; but I assure him that if he
were camping out and had to be warmed on a
cold night by the miserable trash sent out to
the soldiers on the Pacific coast he would not
smile in the morning. I know the Senator's
kindly heart.
There is nothing in the objection that he
makes. No provision of this kind can come
up in favor of Missouri or any other place.
The Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Ne.smitii,] I
apprehend, can bear a little testimony in this
case. I will have these specimens brought
here that the Senators may see them. I have
had specimens already at the Quartermaster
General's Office, but it is very hard to reach
these things through- departmental sources.
The Indian department have done the same
thing. They have managed in the same way.
They have sent out blankets that have cost one
hundred per cent, more than the blankets that
are made in Oregon or San Francisco. Those
blankets are made entirely of pure wool, while
the blankets sent there have one half or two
thirds of cow's hair, upon which your shoddy
contractors have grown rich, and they and
