4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
parties are sincerely willing to do everything
that can be done, and to strain a point always
in the interest of the soldiers and seamen who
have fought in the late war.'
This amendment is ostensibly for the pur-
pose of equalizing, bounties, but unless the
amendment which I have offered shall prevail
I submit to the House that it will do anything
but equalize bounties. The gentleman from
Ohio, [_Mr. Schexck,] in making his point of
order, if I understood him aright, said that
this amendment, in the form of a bill, had
once been fully considered and adopted by
this House. If an opportunity had ever been
afforded to consider this bill fully in this
House, I doubt whether X should now be
called upon to propose this amendment. But
in the absence of all deliberation in the House
we were brought, under the operation of the
previous question, to a vote upon the bill,
which, among other things, involves the in-
congruities which I shall endeavor to point
out.
_ This bill involves an expenditure of from
eighty to one hundred and fifty million dollars,
according to an estimate made by a gentleman
who assures me that he has looked at the rec-
ord with great care, and upon whom we are all
accustomed to rely in such matters. Now, sir,
as to the operation of this bill. I trust I may
be allowed to speak of the State of New York,
because that State is an example of the man-
ner in which the measure will operate upon the
eastern and New England States generally. It
will cost the State of New York $20,000,000
to pay the tax imposed by this bill; and my
belief is that the soldiers of that State will not
receive, under the bill, $500,000; nor do 1
believe that they will receive even $100,000,
all told. Why? Because in the State of New
York and in most of the New England States,
almost from the outset of the rebellion—from
a period, at all events, as early as the year
1802—bounties wore paid by the State, by coun-
ties, by municipal corporations, and by volun-
tary associations; and these bounties are to be
deducted altogether in estimating the additional
bounty to bo paid under this bill. Thus the
House will see—1 am still speaking of the State
of New York as an example of all these east-
ern States—that while the tax for the payment
of these bounties is to be uniform, as it must
be, that State will be virtually excluded alto-
gether from participating in the benefits of the
bill. Is that right? if the State of New York,
if the New England States had been unpatri-
otic, if they had been laggard or irtggardly in
supporting the war, a measure which would
thus punish those States might be defended or
excused. But on the contrary, we are to be
punished because we came forward with our
bounties at the outset of the rebellion and gave
not only men but money in excess for the pur-
pose of sustaining the war.
I may say that in my own district in the
year 1802—I well remember the circumstances
—under one single call twenty-four and throe
fourths per cent., ^ne quarter of tho entire
assessed valuation of the taxable property,
went to pay the bounties of soldiers and to
provide for their families. This was under
thccall for three hundred thousand men. One
quarter of the substance of the people, as it
stood on tho tax-book, went to pay these boun-
ties. Ought we to be punished for that? Ought
New York to be punished because with mu-
nificent hand she paid her soldiers and made
provision for the families of those who first
stepped fonvaid as volunteers and went into
the ranks? I think not, sir. Yet the effect of
this proposition wili be to impose upon States
situated as New York is their quota of this tax,
while their soldiers will be excluded from par-
licipating in the proceeds.
I may bo told that the soldiers of New York
have already received the bounty proposed by
this measure for others, and that therefore they
should not receive bounty again. Granting this
for the sake of argument, will any gentleman
explain to me how it is equitable that Now
York, New England, and Pennsylvania, hav-
ing once paid these bounties, should now,,be
compelled to submit to taxation to pay the
same bounties over again to the soldiers of
other States—States that in the beginning with-
held this measure of munificence? But, .sir,
there is a latter branch of my amendment
which proposes to strike out that provision of
the bill which excludes from its benefits all
those who ever asked to be discharged from
the service. Look for one moment at the
effect of that amendment.
When Richmond fell, when Petersburg fell,
when the parapets of Fort Fisher were held
after a hand to hand fight, the struggles went
on very largely by eastern troops, it so hap-
pened by men raised in the eastern States, but
the most of them, the war being virtually over,
before the 9th of April, 1865, signified their
desire en masse by regiments to be discharged
from the service. _ Under the bill as it stands
now all these regiments, the one hundred and
seventeenth New York regiment for example,
the first regiment that mounted the parapets
of Fort Fisher, cut to pieces a^ it were, more
than decimated, almost blotted out by that
fight, when the question was put to them,
would you like to be mustered out? they said
certainly, the war being over, they would like
to return home. These men are distinguished
against and excluded by this bill because they
were mustered out of the service after they
had requested to be mustered out, such re-
quest being anterior to the 9th day of April,
1865. 1 '
If we are to do something for the soldiers in
equalizing bounties, let it be done with impar-
tial hand. Let tho soldiers East and West
participate in it. If it is to be sectional and
confined to those of a particular portion of tho
country, then let us have some contrivance by
which the admeasurement of taxes may also
be confined to the same locality.
Mr. SiliVENS. I yield the floor for five
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I know how impatient the
House is at this la to hour of the session of dis-
cussion on any subject; and if this could have
been permitted to come to a vote without dis-
cussion, I should not have troubled the House.
I desire briefly to defend the bounty bill of the
House as ordered to be attached to the bill
now before tho House as being an equal meas-
ure, eminently so. In the first place, it takes in
no soldiers, though it is general in its terms,
except those of 1801 and 1862. Those who-
came in after 1802 received large local boun-
ties and will not come in under the provisions
of this bilL Some, in 1802, received small
local bounties of from seventy-five to one hun-
dred dollars. Those, so far, will be subjected
to deduction; but as a general rule, the sol-
diers to be benefited by this bill are principally
the soldiers of ,1861 and 1862—the earl-v part
of 1802. ' J r
What does the Government say to them?
The Government, in tho first place, does not
recognize this bounty as a debt in any sense.
The_pay was the compensation of the soldier;
but it does recognize the granting of bounty as
an act of something more than charity, an act
of generous justice to the men who have done
good service. And when about to perform that
act of generous justice the Government may
be represented as calling all its children round
who have been in the war and saying''We
cannot equalize you; that is impracticable,
but we will go as near it as possible. We
propose every man who has gone into the ser-
vice shall have eight and a half per month
during the war.'' It says to every man coming
round the Government personified for this pur-
pose, "How much have you received from any
source ? What have you received from your
State? What have you received from your
county? What have you received from any
volunteer association? If that is not more
than eight and a half per month we will add
to it. Those who have received more cannot
complain if we do not when they have more
than we propose to give others." The Gov-
ernment says to each one, " Our desire is that
you shall have at the rate of $100 per year
provided you have not already had it from any
source whatever; if you have not we will make
it up to you."
Then, again, the gentleman objects to another
provision of the bill, and moves to amend it,
and yet permits it to go as an amendment to
the appropriation bill as directed by the House.
It is.that the generous donation of.the Govern-
ment of $8 33 per month should be deducted,
or withheld rather, from those who asked to
be discharged from the service not on account
of wounds or disability, prior to the conclu-
sion of the war. It seems to me to have been
manifestly just, in saying to the soldiers, " We
propose to give this to you for the time you
have actually served,'' that this should be added:
1' We will give it to every one of you who held on
till (.lie end of the war, and did not voluntarily
leave the service except on account of wounds
or disability, or against your own will. If you
left it because you were mustered out, then it
is withheld; if you left it because of wounds,
then it is not; but if you asked to be discharged
voluntarily, before the termination of the war,
while hostilities still continued, then we do not
think it a hardship to withhold that which would
equalize your pay."
I know the bill does not make all equal. It
is impossible. But it comes nearer to it than
any other proposition. The Government should
ascertain how much each one has had and en-
deavor as far as practicable to put all on the
same footing. And then when you take into
consideration further that it relieves the States
from the trouble they otherwise would have, it
is a great point gained. If the Government of
the United States undertakes to equalize boun-
ties in this way and does not take into account
the local bounties, what then? As soon as the
soldiers have obtained what equalization they
can from the Government of the United States
you will find them all turning back to the sev-
eral States, comparing their relative local boun-
ties, and asking for equalization there.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I shall now ask the ques-
tion to be taken, and shall not yield to anybody
else.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Conklinc, there were—ayes 41, noes 51.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 54, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Aneona, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Boraen, Bidwell, Boutwell, Boyer,
Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkline, Dixon,
Eliot, Glossbrenner, Hart, Bigby, Holmes, Hotchkiss,
Johnll. Hubbard, Johnson, Julian, Kellcy.Ketcham,
Koontz, Knykendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence
\yilliain Lawrence, Lynch, Marston, Mcrcur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Fame, Perliam, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins
Sawyer Scoficld, Shellabarger, Taber, Nelson Taj--
^w?h,omas',-,yan Aernam. AVaid, Stephen
F\^4Sa0nOVindo1?1- Wmficltl, nnd Woodbridge-fil
NAYS-Messrs,.Anderson, Baker. Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Cooper, Cullora, Defrees, Driggs, Dumont, Eck-
ley, Eggleston,Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquliar,
Ferry, Fmek,. Garfield, Aaron Harding, Abner (1
Hardin?,Harris, Hayes,Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard,
Ingersoll. Kasson, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Lrf't-
wieh, Marshall Maynard, MeClurg, Niblack, Jsieh-
olson, Orth Phfilps, Plants, Price, Ritter, Ross,
Schenck, ShanklTn. Spalding, Stokes, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, ihomton, Trimble. Trowbridge, Robert T.
Van Horn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams,
and James F. Wilson—oi.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee Bromwell Buckland, Bundy, Chanlcr,
Reader W. Clarke. Cook, Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Demiiig, Denison, Dodge,
Donnelly.Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell.Griswold, Hale,
Henderson, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Do-
mas Hubbard, Edwin N.Hnbbell, James R. Hubbell,
Mulburd, Lurnphrey, Jcncbes, Jones, Kelso, Loan,
Longyear, Marvin, McGullough, Mclndoe, McKee,
Huer,niu^0?' JNoell, Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy,
WilliamH. llandall,Kogers, Sitgreaves, Sloan. Smith,
btarr, btovans, Stihveli, Strouse, Thayer, Francis
w °^vS' Up?on, Bart Van Horn, Warner, Elihu 6.
Wasnburrie Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, and Wright—71.
So the amendment fo the amendment was
agreed to.
