1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§17
sissippi, and Arkansas, for homes for the col-
ored people. I believe that is the only provis-
ion of the bill in which I concur. I concur in
what was said by some Senator yesterday, that
it is desirable, if we ever expect to do anything
substantially forthe colored people, to encour-
age them to obtain homes, and 1 am willing to
vote for a reasonable appropriation of the pub-
lic lands for that purpose. I shall not, there-
fore, occupy time in discussing that section.^
The next is the fifth section, in the following
words:
Skc. 5. And be it further encictcd, That the possessory
titles granted in pursuance of Major General Sher-
man's special field order, dated at Savannah, J anu-
ary 16,1865, are hereby confirmed and made valid.
Yesterday that section was amended so as to
provide that the possessory title should continue
for throe years from the date of the order. That
order bears date at Savannah, Georgia, Janu-
ary 16, 1805. This section, as it now stands
before the Senate, therefore, proposes to con-
firm the possessory right of the colored people
upon these lands for three years from the date
of that order, or about two years from this time.
I like the amendment better than the original
bill, for the original bill left it entirely uncertain
what was confirmed, and of course it is better
that we should say one year, or three years, or
ten years, than to leave it entirely indefinite for
what period we do confirm the possession. I
have no doubt that General Sherman had^he
power as a military commander at the time to
set apart the abandoned lands along the coast
as a place in which to leave the colored people
then surrounding his army; but that General
. Sherman during the war, or that Congress after
the war, except by a, proceeding for confisca-
tion, can take the land permanently from one
person and give it to another, I do not admit;,
nor did Ueneral Sherman undertake to do that.
In express terms he said that tlioy should have
the right of possession, for what length of time
he did not say, for the reason that he could not
say. It was a military possession 11 iat, be con-
ferred, and that possession would last only du-
ring the continuance of the military occupation,
and no longer. Upon this point I will read
some authorities. First, I read from Phillim ore's
International Law, volume three, page 731:
" With respect to immovable private property, it
has been already observed that the laws which relate
to the effect of peace upon public and private prop-
erty are in principle the same, and that the rule
of international law is that the immovable property
returns, on peace being made, to its original owner,
unless there has been an express stipulation to the
contrary.
"The conqueror dethrones the sovereign and as-
■Bumts the dominion of the conquered territory ; but
as a general rule he does no more. It has been well
laid down by the tribunals of the North American
United States that the modern usage of nations, that
large and important part of international law, would
be violated, the sense of justice and of right, which
isielt and acknowledged by the civilized world, would
be outraged, if private property were generally con-
fiscated and private rights annulled. The people,
indeed, change their allegiance; their relation to their
ancient sovereign is dissolved; but their relations to
each other and their rights of property remain un-
disturbed.''
Of course, the author is speaking of a war
between two independent Powers, in which the
one subjugates or conquers the other. Even
in that case the military possession of real es-
tate within the limits of a conquered country
ceases when peace is made, unless the treaty
stipulates otherwise. I will now read from
Hallcck's International Law, page 456, para-
graph twelve :
" Piivate property on land is now, as a general rule
nfwar, exempt, from seizure or confiscation; and this
general exemption extends even l/> cases of absolute
and unqualified conquest. Even where the conquest
of a country is confirmed by the unconditional relin-
quishment of sovereignty by the former owner, there
can be no general or partiaHransmutation of private
property in virtue of any rights of conquest. That
which belonged to the Government of the vanquished
passes to the victorious State, which also takes the
place of the former sovereign" in respect to the right
of eminent domain: but private fights and private
property, both movable and immovable, are in general
unaffected by the operations of a war, whether such
operations be limited to mere military occupation or
extend to complete conquest. Some modern text-
writers— Hautefeuill", for example—contend for the
ancient, rule, that' piivate property on land subject
to seizure and confiscation. Thev are undoubtedly
correct with respect to the general abstract right, as
dedueed from the law of nature and ancient practice;
but while the general right continues, modern usage,
and the opinions of modern text-writers of the highest
authority, have limited this right, by establishing the
rule of general exemption. The private property of
a sovereign is considered in the same light as that of
any other individual."
I will now call the attention of the Senate to
a paragraph from the opinion of Chief Justice
Marshall m the case of the United States vs.
Percheman, 7 Peters, page 86 :
" It may not be unworthy of remark that it is very
unusual, even in eases of conquest, for tho conqueror
to do more than to displaco the sovereign and assume
dominion over the country. Tho modern usage of
nations, which has become law, would be violated;
that sense of justice and of right which is acknowl-
edged and felt by the whole civilized world would
be outraged, if private property should be generally
copfiscatcd and private rights annulled. Tho peo-
ple change their allegiance; their relation to their
ancient sovereign is dissolved; but their relations to
each other and their rights of property remain un-
disturbed. If this be the modern rule even in eases
of conquest, who can doubt its application to the case
of an amicable cession of tcriitory?"
That is the rule, says Chief Justice Marshall,
in the case of a complete, absolute conquest of
territory by one independent Power from an-
other, that the title of the private citizen is not
disturbed, but that the public property passes
to the new sovereign. Then, if General Sher-
man, by his General Order No. 15, placed the
colored people upon the lands along the coast
of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, for a
temporary purpose, what was the extent of tho
possessory right which he could confer?* Ho
did not undertake to give a title for any defined
period, but simply the right of possession. It
is fair to construe his order as meaning only
what he could do, giving the right of possession
during military occupancy. Now, sir, the Pres-
dent informs us that the rebellion is suppressed;
that the war is over; that military law no longer
governs in that country; but that peace is re-
stored, and that civil law shall now govern.
What, then, is tho law upon the subject'/ A
right of possession is given by the commanding
general to certain persons within that region of
country; peace follows, and with peace comes
back the right of the real owners to the pos-
session. This possession that the General un-
dertook to give, according to law, could not
last longer than the military occupancy. When
peace comes, the right of tho owners returns
with it. Then how is it that Congress can un-
dertake to say that the property that belongs to
A, B, and C upon the islands and the-sea-coast
of the South shall, for two years from this date,
not belong to them, but,shall belong to certain
colored people ? I want to know upon what
principle of law Congress can take the prop-
erty of one man and give it to another.
1 know very well what may lie done in the
courts by a proceeding for confiscation. I am
not discussing that question. If there has been
any property confiscated and disposed of under
proceedings of confiscation, I do not question
the title here. That is purely a judicial ques-
tion. But, isir, I deny that Congress can legis-
late the property of one man into the posses-
sion of another. If this section is to pass, I
prefer that this confirmation shall be for three
years rather than leave it in the uncertain state
in which General Sherman's order left it. I
shall not further occupy the time of the Senate
in regard to that section.
The sixth section, as amended, provides:
Sr.c. 6. A ad ho it further <>nnctr<l, That the commis-
sioners shall, under the direction of the President,
procure in tho name of tho United States, by grant or
purchase, such lands witlim the districts aforesaid a,s
may be required for refugees and freedmen depend-
ent on the Government forsupport; andhcshall pro-
vide, or cause to be erected, suitable buildings for
asylums and schools. But 110 such purchase shall bo
made, nor contract for the same entered into, nor
other expense incurred, until after appropriations
shall have been provided by Congress for the general
purposes of this net, out of which payments for said
lands shall bo made. And the Commissioner shall
cause such lands, from time to time, to bo valued, al-
lotted, assigned, and sold in manner and form pro-
vided in tho preceding section at a price not less than
tho cost thereof to the United States.
This is a most extraordinary provision. I
understand the doctrine to be that the consti-
I tutional amendment has been adopted, thai the
■ slaves have been made free, and the Senator
i from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] tins morning
intimated that the act of emancipation matfes
them citizens. Then here are four million peo-
ple made free, according to his doctrine made
citizens of the United States, as free as any
Senator upon this floor, as free to contract,
as free in every respect, I may say, as any of
us, sofarastheirformerrelationaare concerned.
If they have been made free and brought into
the class of citizens, upon what principle do we
authorize the officers of the Government to buy
homes for them? Upon what prineiplecan you
authorize the Government of the United States
to buy lands for the poor people in any State
of the Union? They may be very meritorious;
their cases may appeal with great force to our
sympathies ; it may almost appear necessary to
prevent suffering that we should buy a home
for each poor person in the country ; but where
is the power of the General Government to do
this thing? Is it true thatt>y this revolution
the persons and property of the people have
been broughtwithin the jurisdiction of Congress
and taken from without tho control and juris-
diction of the States? I have understood here-
tofore that it has never been disputed that the
duty to provide for the poor, the insane, the
blind, and all who are dependent upon society,
rests upon the States, and that the power does
not belong to the General Government. What
has occurred, then, in this war that has changed
the relation of the peopfle to the General Gov-
ernment to' so' great an extent that Congress
may bccomc the purchasers of homes for them ?
If wo can go so far, I know of no limit to the
powers of Congress. Here is a proposition to
buy a home for each dependent f'reedtoan and
refugee. The section is not quite as strong as it
might have been. It would have been stronger,
I think, in the present state of public sentiment,
if the word "refugee " had been left out, and if
it had been only for the freedmen, because it
docs not seem t,o be so popular now to buy a
homo for a white man as to buy one for a col-
ored man. But this bill authorizes the officers
of the Freedmen's Bureau to buy homes for
white people and for black people only upon
the ground that they are dependent. If this
be the law now, there lias come about a start-
ling change in the relation of the States and of
the people to the General Government. I shall
be very happy to hear from the learned head of
the Judiciary Committee upon what principle
it is that in any one single case you may buy a
home for any man, whether he be rich or poor.
The General Government may buy land when
it is necessary for the exercise of any of its
powers; but outside of that, it seems to me,
there is no power within the Constitution allow-
ing it. „
But , sir, suppose that the constitutional power
ho possessed, is it well to authorize, in general
terms, the officers of the Freedmen's Bureau to
buy a home for each dependent refugee and
freedman? It is said that there is a limitation
in this section that they shall not buy these
homes until after a general appropriation for
the bureau has been-made. Under that lan-
guage, the head of the bureau could take any
JHOiiey appropriated "for the bureau and apply
it to the purchase of homes for the dependent
freedmen and refugees. But what sort of a
limit is that in these times, when deficiency bills
run up to hundreds of thousands and to millions
of dollars, when there is now lying upon our
table a deficiency reported of about six hundred
thousand dollars for the public printing—ex-
penses incurred without authority of law? If
the Printing Bureau, can come with a strong
demand upon Congress to meet its contracts
made in advance of appropriations, why may
not the Freedmen's Bureau do the same thing?
And if lands are purchased under the necessi-
ties of the occasion, as the bureau may think,
then if the Commissioner reports to Congress
that so much is necessary to malvfe up deficien-
cies, I apprehend a bill appropriating the neces-
sary sum would pass. There is really no limit,
therefore, upon this section. _
A little while ;>go I spoke of the expenses
of this bureau upon the people. At that time
I did not include the cost of these purchases.
