1866.
THE CON"G-RESSIOKAL £LOM
4261
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous consent
to propose the following as an amendment to
the amendment:
Provided. That troops' known as "home guards,"
or other volunteer troops, organized for local service,
which are now excluded from bounties by the rulings
of the War Department or uikler the terms of their
enlistment, shall not participate in the bounties pro-
vided by this act or any part thereof; but this exclu-
sion shall not apply to those volunteers legalized as
mustered into the three-year service of the United
States under an act making an appropriation for
completingthe defeusesofWashiii^ton, andfor other
purposes, approved February 13,1862.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment as amended ; and being taken,
there were—ayes 63, noes 33.
Mr'. HARDING-, of Kentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yea.s and nays were ordered.
The roll-call having commenced,
Mr. STEVJ3NS said: I ask unanimous con-
sent that the morning session of to-day be
extended until this bill shall be disposed of.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. There will not be time to
complete the call and order a committee of
conference before the recess.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I 'move to
reconsider the vote by which the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I now with-
draw the demand for the yeas and nays.
The amendment, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment, as amended,
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
votes by which the amendments were severally
concurred or non-concurred in; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
insist upon its disagreement to the several
amendments, and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to.
AIR-LINE RAILROAD AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which House bill No. 632, to author-
ize the building of a military and postal rail-
road from Washington, District of Columbia,
to the city of New York was ordered to be
engrossed.
Mr. ALLEY. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
The bill had previously been ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
now engrossed, was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question on the passage.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I move to lay it on
the table.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his motion and let us have a
vote directly on .the passage of the bill.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I insist upon my
motion.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being taken on laying the bill
on the table, it was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
ARMY BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to make a privi-
leged report from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the Army bill:
The committee -of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendment of
the benate to the substitute of the House for the
Sonate bill No. 138 lo' incre'ase and fix the military
peace establishment of the United States respect-
fully report that after full and freo conference they
have failed to agree, and therefore ask to bo dis-
charged.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
IIALBERT E. PAINE,
SYDENHAM E. ANCONA,
Managers on the part of the House,
The committee was accordingly discharged.
Mr. SCIIENK. I ask permission, on behalf
of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
and myself, to make a statement. We met the
conferees on the part of the Senate, and agreed
to take up, as the basis of our action, the Sen-
ate amendment or substitute for the House
substitute or amended bill; that is, the Sen-
ate's last form of a bill upon this subject. We
found very soon that there was a material dif-
ference between us upon two or three leading
points relating specially to what should be the
general aggregate force of the Army. The
House and Senate have approached each other
nearly in the actual number of regiments. The
House provided for sixty-one and the Senate
for sixty-two regiments. The Senate had pro-
vided for twelve regiments of cavalry, and the
House for six. The Senate converted the lime
old large regiments of infantry into twenty-
seven. The House converted them into twenty-
two. The House took the two hundred and
sixteen companies, added four companies, and
made twenty-two regiments. The Senate took
each battalion, added two companies to it,
and made twenty-seven regiments. The Sen-
ate has provided for five additional regiments
of infantry. It refused any provision for a
Veteran Reserve corps, or any provision by
which men wounded or disabled in the service,
either the volunteer or regular, could be re-
tained in the Army. The Senate allowed but
three colored regiments.
All these things were discussed pro and con.
The House conferees advanced from point to
point, and at length (although they knew they
were going against the sense of the House)
agreed in regard to the Veteran Reserve corps,
to give up one half, making the corps consist of
five regiments. They agreed to drop three regi-
ments of the colored infantry, coining down from
eight to live. This was upon the condition that,
having agreed to raise the cavalry from six regi-
ments to ten, two of those cavalry regiments
should be colored. This the Senate conferees
agreed to. They insisted under these circum-
stances on having thirty-two regular white in-
fantry regiments, made up of the old regiments.
Proposition after proposition was made.; and
it may not be improper to state that at one
time the House conferees were entirely satis-
fied that the whole question was settled by an
agreement with them on the part of a majority
of the Senate conferees. What they proposed
to agree to ultimately as the most that they
would concede was thirty-two regiments of in-
fantry, to be made up of the old infantry regi-
ments: ten regiments of cavalry, two to be
Colored; leaving the artillery (which both were
agreed upon) at five regiments; and cutting
down the Veteran Reserve corps to five regi-
ments, (one half of what the House had in-
sisted upon ;) and the colored infantry to five.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] will yield for a moment. The
Chair desires to suggest that, as this is proba-
bly the last day of the session, the taking of
the recess, fixed at half past four o'clock p.
m.,be postponed till such time as the House
sees proper to adjourn till the evening session.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
Mr. SCHENCK. We went on until we
readied that point where we thought there was
an agreement, and where we still think there
was an agreement. But one of the conferees
on the part of the Senate, having been absent,
returned and succeeded possibly in winning,
over one of the two who agreed with us. Thus
the whole matter again fell. What we offered
them was this: that instead of having sixty-
one regiments,, as the Senate proposed we
would consent to cat the whole Army down to
only fifty-seven regiments, and that we would
take what we understood to have, been once
agreed to—five regiments of artillery; ten of
cavalry, two to be colored; thirty-two regi-
ments of infantry, instead of thirty-seven, or,
as the Senate had it, forty-two; a V eteran Re-
serve corps of only five regiments, and five
regiments of colored infantry. In addition to
this there were disputes about a great number
of details, but we went over the bill again and
again and found that we were able to agree
upon these various matters of detail substan-
tially.
Now, sir, I come to what we have to propose.
Congress cannot, without great detriment to
the public service, adjourn without making
some provision in regard to the Army. Gen-
tlemen are aware that the Army now consists
of numbers that may be expanded to some
fortyHhree thousand, including nine regiments
of three battalions each; but all these regiments
are, in accordance with the requirements of the
present law, about to be disbanded.
Along with this is a regiment of artillery,
which in like manner was raised for the war,
and must also bo disbanded if nothing be done
by this Congress. The result of that will be,
it will bring down the Army to the old limits
of from seventeen to twenty thousand men.
Those in charge of the. military affairs of the
country, including the Secretary of War and
the (Jeneral commanding-in-chief, are of the
opinion it would be perfect madness to under-
take to manage the military affairs of the coun-
try if we are now to be remitted to the old
Army, losing even the nine large new regiments
of infantry and the regiment of artillery in the
regular Army raised for the war.
I am for one decidedly of the same opinion.
What we have to propose now to this Ilonse,
rather than let the whole subject fall through,
I have already stated. Two of the conferees
did not have an opportunity to confer with the
other conferee, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Axcoxa.] We propose to bring
forward a bill which will accept all of the de-
tails as agreed between the Senate and House
conferees to put the Army, with its regiments,
as I have explained, at the lowest point to
which the conferees, under any circumstances,
were authorized to go. This will bring them
down to fifty-seven instead of sixty-seven, as
the House had it, or sixty-two, as the Senate
had it. It will give up one half what was pro-
vided in regard to the Veteran Reserve corps,
and so on.
Mr. WARD. Has the gentleman any assur-
ance the Senate will accept this new bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not.
Mr. WARD. Then-why not have a new
commit,tee of conference that will agree on
something?
Mr. SCHENCK. This is only taking the
lowest rates which the Senate and House con-
ferees have already once distinctly agreed to.
Mr. WARD. But it will not give us any
bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will give us a bMl more
promptly than in any other way. It will put
this question, whether they are willing to take
a bill framed on their own basis instead of a
bill sent from the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask, with the gen-
tleman from New York, why we should not
have another committee of conference to ad-
just the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have now agreed to
all the suggestions of the Senate conferees.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In a matter so dif-
ficult and important why should we not have
another committee of conference ?
Mr. SCHEJSTCK. For the reason they finally
fell back upon the ground so far as the con-
