1866;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3301
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Stevens
was agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Randall, of Pennsylva-
nia, as amended by the adoption of the motion
of Mr. Stevens, -was agreed to.
So the bill was recommitted to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. W^ASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the motion was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NOHTIIERM KANSAS llAlfjiiOAD.
Mr. LOAN, from the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, reported back Senate bill No.
LL"), for a grant of lands to the State of Kansas
to aid in the construction of the Northern Kan-
sas railroad and telegraph, with the following
substitute:
Strike out nil after the enacting clause and sub-
stitute the following:
That for the. pmpose of aiding the Saint Joseph and
Denver City ltailroad Company, the same being a
corporation oiganized undci the laws of the Stale of
Kansas, to construct and operate a railroad Iroui
Elwood, in Kansas, westwardly, via Maryville, in
thosame State, so as to effect a junction with the
Union Pacific railroad, or any branch thereof not
further west than the one hundredth meridian of
west, longitude, there is hereby granted to the State
of Kansas for the use and benefit of said railroad
company every alternate section of land, designated
by odd numbers, to the extent of ten sections per
mile on each hide of said road; but in case it shall
appear that the United States have, when the line
of said road is definitely located, sold any section,
or any part thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the
right of preemption or homestead settlement has
attached to the «ame, or that the same has been re-
served by the United States for any purpose what-
ever, then it shall be the duty of the Scerotaiy of the
Interior to cause to bo selected for the purposes afore-
said, from the public lands of the United States near-
est to the sections above specified, so much land as
shall be equal to the amount of such lancL as the
United States have sold, reserved, or otherwise ap-
propriated, or to which the right of homestead set-
tlement or preemption has attached as aforesaid,
which lands, thus indicated by direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, shall bo reserved and held for
the State^of Kansas for the uso of said company by
the said Secretary for the purpose of thoconstiuetion
and operation of said lailroad, as pro\ided by this
act: Ptovidol, That any and all lands heretofore
reserved to the United Stales by any act of Congrcf-s,
or in any other manner by competent authont.y. for
the purpose of aiding in any object of internal im-
provement or other purpose whatever, be, and the
same arc hereby, reserved and excepted from the
opera tion of this act, except, so far as it may be found
necessary to locate the route of said road through
such reserved lands, in which case the right of way
two hundred feet in width is hereby granted, subject,
to the approval of thcProidontof the United States:
And provided further. Thai said landshereby granted
shall not be selected beyond twenty mi lea fiom the
line of said road, nor from tho oven-numbered sec-
tion^ reserved to the United States.
Sko. 2. A nd be it further ennaed, That the sections
and parts of sections of land which by the aforesaid
grant shall remain in the United Stales within ten
miles on each side of said road, shall not be sold for
less than double the minimum price of public lands
when sold, nnrt-hall any of said lauds become subject
to sale at private entry until the same shall have been
first offered at public --ale ro the higher bidder at or
above the minimum price nloi^aid ■ Provided, That
actual, bom1 Cuie settloiunder the preemption laws
of the United States may, atter due pioof of settle-
ment, improvement, and occupation, as now provided
by law, puieha^e the same, at the price fixed for said
lands at the date of such settlement, improvement,
and occupation: Ami proviiled also, That settlors un-
der the provisions of the homestead act, .-.hall be en-
titled within the said limits of ten miles to patents
for an amount not exceeding' eighty aercs each, any-
thing in this act to thccoutraiy notwithstanding.
Sec. 3, And be xt further ruac.tr.d, That the grant, of
lands hereby made is upon condition that said com-
pany after the construction of its road shall keep it
in repair and use, and shall at all times be in readi-
ness to transport troops, munitions of war, supplies,
and public stores upon its road for the Government
wheinequiicd to do so by any Department thereof, the
Government atnll timeshaving the preference in the
use of the road for a 11 the purposes aforesaid at fair and
reasonable rates of compensation, notexeeeding that
paid by privateindividualsor the average paid for like
services 011 other roads. And theiandshercby granted,
held, and reserved as aforesaid, shall inure to the hen-
elit of said company, as follows: when the Governor
ofthc State of Kansas shall certify that any scction
often consecutive miles of said road is completed in
a good, substantial, and workmanlike manner as a
first-cla.^s railroad, then the said Secretary of tho In-
terior shall issue to the said company patents for one
hundred sections ot the land hereinbefore granted;
and when certificates ofthc Governor, aforesaid, shall
bo presented to said Secretary, of the completion, as
aforesaid, of each successive section of ten consecu-
tive miles of Said road, the said Secretary shall in liko
manner issue to said company patents for one hun-
dred sections of said land for each of said sections of
road until said road shall be completed: Provided,
That if said railroad company or its assigns shall fail
to complete at least 0110 section of said road each year
from tho dato of its acceptance of the grant provided
for in this act, then its right to the lands forsuid scc-
tion so failing of completion shall revert to tho Gov-
ernment of the United States: Provided further. That
ifsaidroadis not completed within ten years from
the date of the acceptance ot the graut hereinbefore
made, the lands remaining unpatented shall re-
vert to the United States: And provided furtherylA\%X
the said lands shall not in any manner bo disposed
of or cncumbered by said company or its assigns,
except as tho same arc patented under the provisions
of this act.
Sec. 4. be. it further enactcd, That for tho pur-
pose of enabling said Saint Joseph and Bonrer City
llailroad Company to effect a connection with the
Union Pacific railroad or any branch thereof, at a.
point not further west than the one hundredth merid-
ian of west longitude, the said company is hereby
authorized to extend its line from El wood, in Kansas,
to some point to be selected by it within the limita-
tion above prescribed, upon tho same terms and con-
ditions, and with the like aid and privilege?, thatare
granted to the Burlington and Missouri llivcr ltail-
10ad Company, by sections eighteen, nineteen, and
twenty of an act 111 relation to the construction of a
railroad and telegraph hue to the Pacific ocean,
approved July 2. ISiH: Pmvidul, That no lands in
this section granted shall betaken from any grants
or 1 cservatiomheictoforc made by the United States.
Skc. 5. And be it further enceted, That as soon as
tho said companv shall tile with the Secretary of the
Tiitcrior maps ot it-: line, designating the route there-
of, it shall be the duty of the said Secretary to with-
draw from the maiket the lands granted by this act,
m such manner a<? may lie best calculated to effect
the purposes of this act and subserve tho public
interest.
Srcc. 6. And be it further enneled, That the United
Stales mail shall be transpoitcd 011 said road and
its extension, under the direction of the Post Ofiice
Department, at such piieo as Congress may by law
provide: J'rmvdni. That until such priec is fixed by
law the Postmaster General shall have power to fix
the compensation.
Si'c. 7. And be it further marled, That the right of
way through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, gi anted to said Saint Joseph and Denver City
Km I road Company, its su< ees;-oiv and assign*, for tho
con-truction of a railroad as proposed; and tho right
i-s hereby given to said eo; poi at ion to take from the
public lands adjacent, t o the line oi ^aid road material
for t he const ruction i iiei eof. Said wa v is granted to
srhl railroad to jhc extent of one hundred feet in
width on each side of said road where it may pass
thiough the public domain , alr-o all necessary ground
for station buildings, win kshops, depots, machine-
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and water
stations.
Sko. 8. Ami be it further enacts!. That tho accept-
ance ofthc terms, conditions, and impositions of this
act by the said Saint Joseph and Denver City llail-
road Company.shall bo signified in writ ing, undertbe
corporate seal of the said company, duly executed
pursuant to the direct ion of its board of directors lirst
had and obtained, which acceptance shall bo made
within one year nfler the pas^a'^c of ihis act and not
afterward, and shall be deposited with the Seerctaiy
of the Interior.
Mr. LOAN" stated that, he was directed by
the committee to move the following amend-
ments to the substitute:
Page 10, strike out section four.
Page 11, section six, line two, strike out tho words
"and its extension."
Page 12, section eight, line seven, strike out the
words "one year," and insert in lieu thereof "six
month."."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, this bill can
easily be understood. It will require but a
few moments to explain it so the Douse will
be able to comprehend the object intended.
Jt is proposed by this bill to effect a junction
with the Union Pacific railroad by a road
commencing at Elwoorl, in Kansas, running
westwardly via Maryville. in the same State.
Mr. SPALDING. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WILSON,, of Iowa, moved that the
House proceed to business upon the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
DIItECT TAXES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President of the United
States transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the House, information as to the
collecting of direct taxes in the States whose
inhabitants participated in the rebellion ; which
was referred to the Committee of "Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
sale op gold.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury in reply to a resolution of the House
in regard to gold sold since February 1, 1860,
bv whom sold, &c.
_" Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I offer the follow-
ing resolution, and demand the previous ques-
tion :
Jtcsohed, That tho communication of tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury, just announced to the House,
be referred to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, with instructions to inquire fully into all the
facts and statements therein contained; and that tho
commit too also inquire whether any gold hUs been
purchased for the Treasury since the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1S63, the amount of such purchase, by whom
and of whom made, the amount of premium paid*
the compensation allowed the person acting for the
Government; also that the committee report the
dates and amounts of tho several sales of gold mad©
since the 1st day of January, I860, the names of tho
purchases, tho amounts purchased by each, the time
of purchase, and all the circumstances attending
such purchases and amount paid the agent of the
Treasury; that the committee have power to send
for persons and papers, and shall report the results
of the inquiry hereby directed to the House with
such recommendations as may be deemed proper
for the interests of the Government.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not know what there
is in this resolution. It implies certain things
bare taken place of which tho House is not
advised. I do not see why we should be called
on to give power to this committee to act in
this manner unless there he good reason for it.
If the gentleman can give us any reason for
pursuing the course the resolution indicates I
shall rote for it; bat blindly in this House
reflecting on certain officials I shall not vote.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not think there
is any reflection in it. For some time past
there have been statements made in the news-
papers in relation to transactions in gold and
bonds by the Treasury Department or its agents.
If what has been alleged in relation to these
transactions is true the country ought to know
it. Jf the allegations are not true, as I under-
stand the Secretary of the Treasury to insist,
it is due to him that we should know it, and
for that purpose we should have a report of a
committee of this House charged specially with
this subject, so that we may understand whether
the charges have any foundation or not.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. What charges does the
gentleman refer to?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If [ should under-
take to specify them I would have to state the
contents of many articles in the New York
papers, and I could not do it perhaps in an
hour.
Mr. LE BLOND. Does the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury furnish any light on
the subject?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have not read
the report.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask to have the report
read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
Trhasuuy Dei' utTMKvr, June 19,136(>.
I)kati Sra: In answer to tho following resolution
of the House of liepre^entativcs, adopted on the '1th
of .Tune, instant, namely :
"On motion of Mr. .J \mf.s F. Wilson,
41 Resolved, That the Secretary ol' the Tieasury bo
directed to report to this House how much gold bo-
longing to the Government of the United States has
been sold since the l^t day of January, 1866, tho'date
and amount, by whom sold, the compensation al-
lowed for such sale, and the premium received; also,
whether any gold has been bought for tho Treasury
since that date, and if so, the amounts and dates
of such purchases; amount of premium paid, and
who actcd as agent in making such purchases; also,
whether any bonds of the UnitedStatcs have been
bought or sold tor the Treasury since that date, the
dates and amounts of such purchase, or sales, tho
amounts paid or received for the same, and the char-
acter and denomination of said bonds,"
1 herewith submit a statement of gold sold by the
Treasury Department since the 1st day of January
last, the date and amount of such sales, tho compen-
sation or coramib'-ion allowed the agent for selling,
and the premium received. . „
Theso sales, with the exception of <115,000 sold by
the Treasurer at New Orleans, were made through Mr.
Van Dyck, the AsM^tant Treasurer in New York,
It is understood that since the 1st of January Mr.
P. M. Myer has been tho solo agent for selling gold
in that city. . .
No purchase of com has been made since the 1st
of January last.
I also submit a schedule of bonds purchased since
the l«t of January la-,t, the dates and amounts of
such purchases, the prices paid for them, and tho
character and denomination thereof.
These bonds were purchased because this class of
