3302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
bonds were, being sold in the market at prices much
below their value, and because their depreciation
was affecting injuriously the bonds which it was de-
sirable for the Government to negotiate, as well as
the national credit.
These bonds, which have been canceled, may be
regarded as a purchase on account of the sinking
fund or as a redemption of so much of the public
debt.
I also submita schedule of the bonds sold since the
1st of January last to the 4th instant, the date and
amount of such sales, the sums received for the same,
and the character and denomination of the bonds.
A part <5i these bonds were sold for cash and a part
for compound and seven and three tenths notes. The
sales and exchanges were made through Messrs. Jay
Cooke & Co., the Treasurer of the United States, and
the Assistant Treasurer in New York on the most
favorable terms to the Government.
It may bo proper also to state that in addition to
the bonds named in the schedule, 87,947,700 were ex-
changed through Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co. for seven
and three tenths notes and a small amount of certifi-
cates of indebtedness, previous to the 1st of Jan-
uary; the notes and certificates being received by
tho Department at tho time the bonds were delivered;
but for lack of time to make the necessary calcula-
tion of the interest and the proper entries upon the
books, the account of the agonts was not settled and
the amount of bonds delivered and notes received in
exchange was not entered upon the public debt state-
ment until February, and did not appear upon the
published statement unty the first of March.
It is also proper to remark that S3,747,000 in five-
twenty bonds—$3,717,000 of which were issued under
the act of March 3,1864—and which by the schedule
appear to have been sold in January and February,
wore not entered as a part of the public debt until
March, and did not appear upon the public state-
ment until April 1. The explanation of which is,
that the sales of the bonds were included by the
agents in a continuous account, which was not set-
tled and closcd until March; tho last sale having
been made en the 20th of that month; the agents
in all instances giving proper certificates of deposit
to the credit of the Treasurer of the United States,
as the bonds were fr m time to time delivored to
them.
I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,
h. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. schiiytj'r ctolpax,
Sneaker of the Home of Representatives.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman from Iowa to yield.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I can-
not myself object to any investigation what-
ever which proposes to hold to a strict account-
ability public officers. If they have done wrong
they must be condemned; if they have dono
right they will be commended. I believe from
what information I have that tho Secretary of
the Treasury will not suffer from this investi-
gation ; but whether he will suffer or not is not
material. All such investigations should bo
made if there be a doubt in regard to the pro-
friely of the conduct of the public officers, and
hopa the gentleman from Iowa will extend
this investigation, not only to the Treasury
Department, but to other Departments of the
Government, so t hat tho parties who have been
foraging through tho South, having permits to
take and to sell cotton, may also be brought to
public gaze and their conduct also exposed.
I would also like tho gentleman's resolution
to reach so that we may know every one of the
public defaulters during the last four years. I
think it is just that the people should know who
these people are who have robbed the public
Treasury from time to lime.
I am glad to see a disposition in this House
to ferret out that which is wrong and expose
it. I hope, therefore, there will be no objec-
tion to the investigation proposed by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I certainly am pre-
pared at any time to join the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in instituting investigations into
the conduct of any officer, no matter who he
may be, against whom anythingis alleged. I am
not, in this resolution, alleging anything against
the Secretary of the Treasury; and the refer-
ence of this subject to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency is a proper one. The sub-
ject to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
refers would require a special committee, be-
cause the field is too wide for a regular or
standing committee of this House to attend to.
Mr. LB BLOND. I simply wish to add one
word. I <io not desire to screen any public
officer. I believe in a full and complete ex-
amination of everything that belongs to the
public Departments!. But the resolution that
has been offered is based upon newspaper ac-
counts. If this House is going to raise a com-
mittee upon every charge that is made against
public officers where there is some plausible
reason for the truth of the statement the time
of every member of the House will be taken
up in investigating committees.
These charges are numerous enough. The
public press of my State has made a charge
even against me that on last Monday week
when the vote was taken on the question in
regard to the confinement of Jefferson Davis
I dodged it. The truth was, I was detained
in New York on account of the sickness of my
wife. If I had been here I should have voted
with my Democratic friends.
Now, I suppose it would be proper to raise
an investigating committee in many cases, but
I do not believe in raising such committees in
all cases where newspaper editors see fit to
make these charges. That is the only ground
upon which I raise an objection.
Mr. WILSON, of IoWa. This resolution
does not provide for a select committee. It
refers this subject to an appropriate standing
committee of this House. I think the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] is under some
obligation to me for affording him an oppor-
tunity to explain his absence on the occasion
to which he refers. Probably his speech was
intended more for the purpose of making that
explanation than anything else. I now hope
the resolution will be adopted.
The question being taken on the resolution,
it was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to ; and also moved to lay that motion on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON? of Iowa. T move that the
communication bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
conduct of this war.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolution of the
Senate:
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, (the
House of Representatives concurring,) That there
bo printed for the use of the members of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress of tho roports of Major Generals \V.
X. Sherman, Georgo H. Thomas, John Pope, J. G.
li'oster. A. Pleasonton, and E. A. Hitchcock, made
to the joint committee on the conduct of tho war,
together with such reports as may be received, by
tho commencement of the next session'of Congress,
tho same number and' in the same style as wero
printed of tho reports heretofore mado by tho said
ctfmuitttec,
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the House con-
cur in tho resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
paris exposition.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House joint resolution No 52, to provide
for the expenses attending the exhibition of
the products of industry of the United States
at the Exposition at Paris in 18G7, returned
from the Senate with an amendment thereto
in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate and
ask- for a committee of conference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask if the amendment of the Senate makes an
appropriation. If so, the bill must be consid-
ered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BANKS. I understand the difference
between the two bills to be that the appropria-
tion of the House was in currency and that of
the Senate in coin.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
very substantial difference with gold at 150.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the Senate's amendment does contain an
appropriation.
Mr. BANKS.
The question of appropriation
does not arise at this stage. I move a non-
concurrence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it con-
tains an appropriation, and must therefore be
first considered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Otherwise
such a bill would never go to the Committee
of the Whole, and the rule would be evaded.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that it consider the Senate
amendment and non-concur therein.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois.- I object
to that.
Mr. BANKS. I only wish that the House
non-concur, believing that an arrangement can
be made between the two Houses which will be
satisfactory.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order that this must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for that purpose. •
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, there were—ayes 53, noes 40.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Banks, and Washburne of
Illinois.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61. noes 35.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 39, not voting
68 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter,Beaman, Bidwell, Boutwell, BromwcllUJuck-
land, Culiom, Davis, DaweS, Dawson JDixon, Dodge,
Donnelly,Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot,E"arquhar, Gar-
field, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hogan, Holmes,
Hoopor, Asahel W. Hubbard,Chester I).Hubbard, De-
mas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,Ingersoll, Jenckcs,
Julian, Kasson, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Latham,
Goorge V. Lawrence, Lo Blond, Longyear, Lynch,
Marshall, Marston,McClurg,Mc"Ruer,Mercur, Moor-
head, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Pomexoy, Price, William H. Randall, Alexander II.
Rice, John II. Rice, Shellabarger, Taber, Francis
Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aornam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, Winfield.nnd Woodbridge—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Baker, Benja-
min, Bingham, Blaine, Broomall, Cook, Doming,
Denison, Eldridg®, Finftk, Gloasbreimer, Goodyear,
Grider, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hum-
phrey, Kerr, Loan, Niblack, Paine, Pike, Samuel
J. Randall, Hitter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer,
Schenck, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stevens, Strouse,
Thornton, Trimble, Elihu B. Washburne, Went-
worth, and James P. Wilson—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley. Bergen, Blow, Boycr,
Brandegee.Bundy, Chanler, Reader w. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke,Cobb, Coifroth, Conkling, Culver, Darling,
Defrees, Delano, Driggs, Eckley, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hart. Hill, Hotch-
kiss, Edwin N. Huhbell, James R. Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Kelso, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence. Marvin, McCullough, Melndoe,
McKee, Miller, Morris, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson,
Perham, Phelps, Plants, Radford, Raymond, Rous-
seau, Scofield, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stil-
well, Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Ward, Williams, and Wright—68.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair.)
winnebago reservation—nebraska.
The first business on the Calendar was Sen-
ate bill No. 121, to provide for tho enlargement
of the Winnebago reservation, in the Territory
of Nebraska, and for other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the bill may be read.
Mr. BANKS. I move that this bill be laid
aside, so as to take up the joint resolution in
regard to the Paris Exposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think I
have a right to call for the reading of tho bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the question must be taken at once upon
the motion that this bill be laid aside.
Mr. BANKS. I do not desire to consume
