■1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
war, while movements were going on in the field.
the Government had very often the control of
the railroads as military roads, and furnished
transportation to officers detailed for duty.
There has been a change in that respect. [
have no doubt myself that six cents does not
pay the officers. 1 do not think the amount to
be paid 1.0 them nnrler this amendment would
be very great now in time of peace.
Mv. CHANDLER. During the four years
that the committee on the conduct of the war
was in existence it brought a large number of
officers here from great distances, and I know
that the saving in the mileage even of the wit-
nesses we summoned must have amounted to
many thousands of dollars. I suppose the ex-
pense of traveling- now is not more than three
cents a mile on the average; taking steamboats,
railroads, and the conveyances of the country,
three cents a mile, I think, will cover the ex
pen-^e of traveling; and it seems to me, inas-
much as the pLcsent law has worked well and
advantageously to the Treasury for the last
four )e.ii-s and saved so many thousands of
dollar*, it is not the time now to restore the
old rale. 1 certainly hope that amendment
will not be adopted, and I will ask the yeas
and nays upon it if it is to pass.
Mr. KKSSKVORN. I am satisfied that, this
amendment ought to prevail. 1 believe all eh il
officers in the other departments of the Gov-
ernment are allowed leu cents a mile, as mile-
age, while traveling on the public service. 1
boeu.ine sutifficd in the experience and obser-
vation I had in the Treasury Depaitmem that
that was li; 1 le enough. 1 f you lake the expense
ot traveling 011 railroads, and 1 ho expenses of
In ing at the same t hue—they must bear those
expenses—the six cents a mile would not pay
anybody the expenses they have to incur. I
understood the Senator from Michigan to say
that we allowed but six cents a mile to witnesses
suininoni-d by committees, i can only say that,
t he commit tee 011 whi( h I am now serving al-
lows ten 11 nts a mile, as mileage, to the wit-
nesse-: summoned by us. and 1 am assured by
our Sci'u''ant-nt-Anus t hat ihe ten cents a mile
doe< not always pay the expenses of Ihe wit-
nesses.
Mr. Gil \XI)LEU. The witnesses before
the eomniitlee 011 the roiuluei of the war were
generally ordered here by the Secretary of War,
ami therefore drew the miletme allowed at. the
War Department. We did not send the Ser-
geant at-Anns lor I hem.
Mr. KKSsKN DKX. When an officer is al-
lowed In- Iranspovtation back and forward wo
do not allow am thing : but w lien a witness is
summoned and he p,i\s his own expenses of
traveling, six cents a mile does not pay him,
nor anyi hing near it. I became satislied of that
while I was connected with the Treasur) De-
pal Unent. I reduced the mileage paid to cer-
tain officers there. Ten cents a mile had been
allow ed lliem, but I struck it down to six, and
il, stood at that sum while 1 remained in the
Department: but, I became satisfied that, it was
a very hard rule to apply to officers traveling
in tli<■ public service. I only satisfied my mind
in rehiiioo 'o keeping it at six eenN by Ihe be-
lief I hal I he tees given in ot her direct ions would
make up the loss they sustained by their mile-
age. I herefore I allowed it. to sta.nd as it was,
according to the rule that 1 made reducing it*.
1 should he tery much opposed to paying any-
thing mere for mileage than would meet the
actual expense-! of the officer, but 1 am Satisfied
thai - ix cents a mile does not, and cannot, cover
their actual lra\ elin^r expenses.
Mr. OK!MES. 'Ihe railroads are all redu-
cing their charges.
Mr. EESSEXDEX. Yon must add to that
what the officer is compelled to pay for his
meals and lodging.
Mr. GRIMES. This mileage is not given to
them to cover those expenses. They receive
rations and commutations also.
Mr. I'ESSEXDEX. They have nothing of
that sort when traveling in that way.
'htlMES. There is another fact to be
taken into consideration, and that is, the ex-
penses'of traveling are not as great now as they
have been at anytime during the war. I know
that the railroads in the section of country where
I reside, and 1 think it is so generally, have re-
duced their rates from twenty to thirty per cent. '
Now, if these officers could get along during
the war with a mileage of six cents, it seems to
me they could now get along quite well. I think
that the average rate charged upon railroads is
about three and a half cents a mile, and where
they travel any distance, the other two and a
half cents would be quite ample, I think, to pay
the officers for all the excess of expense that
they might be at during their journey over and
above the amount they would be compelled to
pay to the railroad companies.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I only rise to express
an opinion that is the result of my best thought.
We do not pay our public servants enough. A
judge of the Supreme Court cannot live in
Washington upon his salary. To be able to
go to his table, having a wife and no children,
costs him about two thousand dollars more than
his pay. It is a great disturbance now exist-
ing in our .Republic, and must bo corrected in
some way, so that a man may be able, if he
undertakes to maintain the Republic, to occupy
otlice without being a thief or a robber. At
present a man without a fortune cannot hold
high otlice, either military or civil, upon what
is paid him by the Government. I have been
in cam]) when the young gentlemen officers who
could draw 011 their parents had to support the
other officers by paying part of their mess bills.
1 tried when I lirst. came into public office to
remedy that evil, and we did make some im-
provement. What, is true about that is true
about all officers. l>ut few officers are paid
well.
Mr. NESM1TII. The Senator from Towa,
in discussing this question, alludes to the trans-
portation on railroads. Many cases of the in-
sufficiency of the mileage now allowed have
come under my observation. I know that dur-
ing the war officers who were compelled to
travel even by the railroads suffered very
greatly from the insufficiency of the mileage.
The mileage allowed them of six cents a mile
did not, pay lor their transportation and subsist-
ence while traveling. But the travel of officers
011 duty is not confined to the region of country
where there are railroads. We have immense
Territories, Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona,
and allthe Territories of the Northwest, stretch-
ing across to the Pacific. A great deal of the
travel of otlieers 011 duty is confined to those
Territories, and perhaps most, of it. Tn those
Territories you cannot (ravel on ten cents a
mile. The usual stage charge amounts to twenty
cents a mile, without saying anything about
subsistence, when traveling. An increase of
the mileage to ten cents per mile, taking travel
bv railroad together with travel through that
mountainous country, and beyond the confines
of civilization, where there are 110 roads, I.
think will not on the average make it equal to
the actual expense of traveling. I think where
transportation is not furnished in kind they
should have ten cents. I know it will not any-
thing like pay the expenses of those who are
compelled to travel over the immense deserts
in the interior, where there are few accommo-
dations, and where all the incidental connec-
tions with traveling are so enormously high. To
be sure, if they were confined entirely to trav-
eling by railroads, it might be a little in excess
of what their actual expenses would be, but
when you come to strike the average of the
expense of traveling 011 railroads and on the
frontiers, where these officers are principally
confined to duly, where that duty naturally
carries them, I do not think you will find the
amount of ten cents at all adequate to meet
| the expenses which they are bound to incur in
performing the duty assigned to them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether in this bill
any special provision has been made for the
officers of the Veteran Reserve corps? It is
difficult for a person not connected with the
committee to understand all the provisions of
this bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that
there is no provision for them in the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to amend
the bill by inserting after the word " field," in
line thirteen of section four, the words, "and
ten of said regiments shall be officered by offi-
cers to be selected from the Veteran Reserve
corps." On this proposition I have but a word
or two to submit to the Senate. The Govern-
ment has induced these men to expect that they
would be provided for. A corps was organized,
intended originally, I believe, to consist of
twenty regiments; and those men supposed
that, in that corps or some successor to that
corps they would be provided for. They have
lived upon that hope since the close of the war;
and I think they ought not to be disappointed
unless the necessities of the public servicesho.il
requireit  I know of no authority of theDepart-
ment or of any of the great commanders of the
Army against the continuance of their services
in the Army. I am not prepared to say what
have been the precise recommendations in re-
gard to them ; but I have understood that the
commanders of the Army have given the opin-
ion that, they can be well used; and it would
seem quite reasonable to suppose that in an
Army, to consist of from sixty to eighty thou-
sand men, ten thousand of them may be com-
manded by men who have received wounds in
th'e service. Rome of the most successful and
best officers of the Army have been wounded
men. The fact that a man has a disabling
wound does not take from him the ability to
serve the country in a command. Some wounds
would of course produce that result; but in the
organization of this corps, which is now about
to go out of existence by the passage of this
law, I suppose selections were made with a
view to the ability of the parties selected to
render service. I am sure there is a greal deal
of service in the Army which can be rendered
by these men.
They take a great deal of interest in the ques-
tion ; I have received letters from members of
the corps from Indiana, and I sympathize with
them in the interest that they express. Many
of them who are competent now and able to
command their companies, some of them regi-
ments, are disabled from making a support for
themselves and their families by the pursuits
which they followed before they went into the
Army. They are reluctant to go upon the pen-
sion list; they feel that that is a bounty, {hart
it is a humiliating position; and they prefer
making a support for themselves aiifi their fam-
ilies by rendering service to the country. Now,
if it is possible to provide for them consistently
with the interests and safety of the country, we
ought to do it. 1 know of no reason why we
cannot do it. I thought that the bill brought
before the body by the Committee on Military
Affairs had provided for eight regiments to be
officered by the officers of the Veteran Reserve
corps; but I do not find that provision in this
bill.
Mr. NESMITH. The original bill did make
that provision.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand, then, the
original bill did so provide; that was my rec-
ollection. Why has the committee changed its
opinion upon that question 1 The opinion was
very deliberately expressed by the committee
when the first bill was brought before the body
that these men could be serviceably used for
the country ; that they could be put upon active
duty and make a support for themselves, hon-
orable and gratifying to their professional pride,
and keep them off the pension list. That was
the judgment of the committee, for the com-
mittee reported to this body that it ought to be
so. What has occurred since the report of that
bill from the committee to change the judgment
of the Senate upon that question ? I propose
to make the number ten regiments instead of
eight. The Army will, under this bill, I sup-
pose, be from sixty to eighty thousand men;
it will depend upon the question whether ths
regiments are full or not.
