2342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to pay them for the work they had performed,
because he had not appointed (.hem to the office
the duties of which f !j03" had performed.
The passage of this bill is requested both by
Mr. Iloiloway and by the present Commissioner
of Patents as an act of justice to those who
have done this work, so that they shall receive
the pay for the work which they have done,
and not be held to be satisfied by the pay of
an inferior grade of officers.
1 hq, bill does not make any appropriation.
These men are to be paid out of the Patent
Office'fund.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
how this claim came to run along from year to
year for four years.
Mr. JENCKES. It has hot. It was before
Congress at its last session, and the bill passed
the Senate, but failed in the House. I have let-
ters here from the former Commissioner of Pat-
ents and from the present Commissioner, and
a statement from the examiners.themselves
of the duties which .they have performed, and
I will have them read if gentlemen desire to
hear them. The point is this : that the Patent
Office fund which has been accumulated by the
labors of these men should pay them just what
they have earned.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Have not
these men been paid their salaries regularly?
_Mr. JENCKES. They have been paid sal-
aries regularly for an inferior grade of officers,
while they performed the duties of a higher
grade of officers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thatmay
be; but they have been paid the salaries of the
officers the duties of which they performed.
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir; there is where the
gentleman is mistaken. They have not been
paid the salaries of the officers the duties of
which they have performed, but salaries of offi-
cers of an inferior grade, the duties of which,
of course, they did not perform during,the time
they weic performing the other duties.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. They have
been paid the salaries of the offices to which
they were appointed.
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir; but they did
not perform the duties of those offices, but
of a higher grade of offices to which they were
assigned by the Commissioner. And this is
merely to pay them for what they have earned.
Mr. HARDING, oflllinois. That is, while
they held colonels' commissions they per-
formed the duties of brigadier generals, and
now want brigadier generals' pay.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Exactly;
that is just it; they want brigadier generals'
pay while doing the duties of colonels.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. No, sir; ivhile
performing the duties of a brigadier general,
holding the commission of a colonel.
3Ir. J EN CKES. That is it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I wish merely
to remark that if thisgreat principle is adopted
it will benefit a great many meritorious men.
There have been thousands of men in the
Army who have been commissioned as colo-
nels, but have performed the duties of briga-
die- general-; and this principle would bring
tnem all in ior brigadier general's pay. It
opens wide ■ ;o door, and the Treasury can be
most completely emptied; there is no doubt
about it.
Mr. JENCKES. This bill is to pay men
tor the duties they have performed. And the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hakdixq] is
mi=!,ahen m comparing this case with the case
ot colonels performing the duties of brigadier
geneials. 1ms requires no appropriation, for
the money is taken from the Patent Office
fund. Ihe other would require an appropria-
tion. r
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to lay
the bill 011 the table,
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table •
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
May 2,
JONATHAN BALL.
Mr. JENCKES. from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, reported a bill for
the relief of Jonathan Ball; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and with the accompany-
ing report ordered to be printed.
PATENTS AT PARIS EXPOSITION.
. Mr. CHANLER, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, reported a joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of the In-
terior to^ appoint three commissioners to attend
the Paris Exposition; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior to appoint three commissioners
to examine and report upon the patented ma-
chines and inventions which may be exhibited
at the Paris Exposition of 1867; and provides
that the said commissioners be empowered to
employ the necessary draughtsmen and pho-
tographers to carry out the intention of this
joint resolution, the necessary funds for the
expenses of said commission to be drawn by
the Secretary of the Interior from the Patent
Office fund not otherwise disposed ofs not to
exceed the amount of $15,000.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I should
like to hear some explanation of this joint res-
olution.
Mr. CHANLER. The purpose of this pro-
posed commission is to enable the Secretary of
the Interior, if in his opinion it may be neces-
sary, to appoint a commission of experts, Who
shall go to Paris on behalf of the Patent Office
of this Government to examine and take the
proper drawings or photographs of the patented
machines which may be exhibited at the coming
Exposition of 1867. The practical result of this
commission will be to enlarge the records of
the Patent Office, so as to enable the Commis-
sioner of Patents to decide upon the merits of
the claims presented to him for patents in this
country.
Under the existing law, unless the Patent
Office of this country has full and sufficient
information in regard to foreign patents, any
person bringing here copies and models of for-
eign patents may obtain patents here, although
such patents may exist at that very moment
abroad. All will understand that at the Exposi-
tion at Paris there will be exhibited a large
number of patented machines ; and persons
may take copies of them and obtain patents for
themselves in this country if the Patent Office
here is deficient in proper information upon the
subject of patents in foreign countries.
Another point is that, the character of this
commission, .which will be appointed from
among the experts and mechanical men of
this country, will be such as to warrant us in
believing that the information they will obtain
will be of the greatest practical value to me-
chanical men_ in this country, as well as of
interest to scientific men all over the world
And it will enable the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to lay before the country a full, accurate,
and valuable report, one which will be of the
greatest value to the mechanical interests of
this countr}'. That is the whole scope and
purpose of this joint resolution.
In regard to the money which is called for
by this -joint resolution, the amount can be
changed if the House shall think it necessar3\
Ihe Committee on Patents are not committed
to any sum; they have merely named tins sum,
because there must be some amount provided
for expenses.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Chaxler] if
the Patent Office is not supplied from all the
countries of Europe with specifications and
drawings immediately upon the issuing of pat-
ents there. And I would further inquire if it
is not a common thing for practitioners to send
abroad^ for specifications and drawings of pat-
ents which they can obtain at say less than
three shillings each. And what is to be
obtained through this proposed commission,
•  
except the information which is now being
received in the ordinary course?
Mr. CHANLER. It is a question of time.
The specifications and drawings of patented
machines which will be exhibited at the Impo-
sition at Paris will not reach this country,
without some such means as this, in time to
enable the Patent Office of this country to be
benefited by them. And the specifications
which come here from Europe do not come
until three years after an application is made
there for patents, as I am informed at the
Patent Office. And therefore,if lam correctly
informed, it will be two or three years before
the Patent Office will receive the necessary
information in regard to inventions not yet
patented.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will sa.y that I do not know from
what source he obtains his information. But
my experience is that patents are issued in
England in a much shorter time after applica-
tions are made than they are in this country.
And drawings and specifications are to be had
for the merest pittance.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order;
that this being an appropriation bill, it should
go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman is mistaken. I am sorry to say this i?
not an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The point of order, even
if well taken, is taken too late. But this is not
an appropriation bill; it does not propose to
appropriate money from the Treasury, but to
take it from the Patent Office fund.
_ Mr. CHANLER. This joint resolution is
simply to aid the Commissioner of Patents to
add to the information of his bureau. That is
the object of this proposition, and it comes
from the Bureau of Patents.
In regard to the statement of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boctwell] that pat-
ents are issued more promptly in England than
in this country, he may bo correct. But I hope
the House will bear in mind that this Exposi-
tion of 1867 will include the new inventions
and patented machines not only of England,
but of France and the whole of Europe and
the world. And it is not impossible that the
inventions exhibited there will be copied and
presented in this country in a less period of
lime than that required to lay before the Pat-
ent Bureau in the ordinary way full informa-
tion in regard to them. It is simply in behalf
of the Patent Office that this joint resolution is
•submitted to the House.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My dis-
tinguished friend from New York [Mr. Chan-
ler] desires to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to appoint three high-toned gentlemen
to go to Paris to look at and report upon the
patented inventions which may be exhibited at
the Paris Exposition of 1807, and then he goes
on to propose that these three high-toned and
elegant gentlemen shall be authorized to draw
$15,000 of money out of the public Treasury
to pay their expenses. That is the purport
of the joint resolution which we are asked to
pass.
Now, I need not say to the House that I am
opposed to this whole thing. I am opposed to
it, in the first place, because it is not necessary.
Ihe gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
WELLj has shown to the House that there is no
difficulty in obtaining all the necessary infor-
mation now. All the information we will get
by paying SI"),000, we can get for three shil-
lings and sixpence in every case. These com-
missioners are empowered"to supply the neces-
sary draughtsmen, photographers, &c., and
the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to
draw the necessary funds for the expenses of
said commissioners from the patent fund, not
to exceed $15,000.
I have heard no reason which would justify
the House in making this appropriation, except
that we should take the money of our constitu-
ents to pay the expenses of certain gentlemen
to go to Paris.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
