1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
€19
because the law bf the State forbade it, would
he then, refusing to recognize a civil right which
is enjoyed by white persons, be liable to this
punishment?
Mr. DAVIS. And there is no appeal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is suggested that this
bill contemplates no appeal. It is not a mili-
tary court, because among military men the
highest honor is observed; no sides are taken,
but they stand upon the highest pledge of honor
to do justice as between one military man and
another. But here is a court, not military in
its character, not examining into a military of-
fense at all, but examining into a civil offense—
the refusal to recognize a civil right; and that
trial is had before this irresponsible officer,
and no appeal is allowed. None of the pro-
ceedings are defined. What evidence shall be
required to convict, what means of procuring
witnesses, and how the sentence is to be exe-
cuted—these are all left to the discretion of
the Department. I ask Senators if they are
willing to enact such a section into the crim-
inal code of the country.
My judgment is that under the second sec-
tion of the constitutional amendment, we may
pass such a law as will sccurc the freedom de-
clared in the first section, but that we cannot
go beyond that limitation. If a man has been,
by this provision of the Constitution, made free
from his master, and that master undertakes to
make hi'.n a slave again, we may pass such laws
as are sufficient in ourjiulgmentto prevent that
act; but if the Legislature of the State denies to
the citizen as he is now called, the freedman,
equal privileges with the white man, 1 want to
know if that Legislature, and each member of
that Legislature, is responsible to the penalties
prescribed in this billy It is not an act of the
old master; it is an act of the State govern-
ment, which dctines-and regulates the civil rights
of the people.
But, sir, 1 have occupied more time than I
intended. My purpose this morning was simply •
to call the attention of the Senate to the remai li-
able provisions of this bill, and then if it is the
pleasure of the .Senate to enact it into a law, of
course I shall submit. I regard it as very dan-
gerous legislation. It proposes to establish a
government within a, government—not a repub-
lic within a republic, but a cruel despotism
within a republic. In times of peace, in com-
munities that are quiet and orderly and obedient
to law, it is proposed to establish a government*
not responsible to the people, the oflieers of
which aje not selected by the people, the offi-
cers of which need not be of the people gov-
erned—a government more cruel, more des-
potic, more dangerous to the liberties of the
people than that against which our forefathers
fought in the Revolution. There is nothing
that these men may not do, under this bill, to
oppress the people.
Kir, if we establish courts in the southern
Stales we ought to establish courts that will be
on both sides or on neither side ; but the doc-
trine now is that if a man is appointed, cither
to an executive or a judicial office, in any lo-
cality where there are colored people, he must
be on the side of the negro. I have not heard
since Congress met that any colored man has
done a wrong in this country for very many
years ; and 1 have scarcely heard that any white
man coming in contact with colored people
has done right for a number of years, livery-
body is expected to take sides for the colored
man again-1 the white man. if I have to take
sides, it will be with the men of my own color
and my own race ; but 1 do not wish to do that.
Toward these people I hope that the legislation
of Congress, within the constitutional powers
of Congress, will lie just and fair—-just to them
and just to the white people among whom they
live; that it will promote harmony among the
people, and not discord: that it will restore
labor to its channels, and bring about again in
those State'- a condition of prosperity and
happiness. I)n we not all desire that'' If we
do, is if well for us to inflame our own passions
and the passions of the people of the North so
that their judgments shall not be equal upon
the questions between these races? It is all
very well for us to have sympathy for the poor
and the unfortunate, but both sides call for our
sympathy in the South. The master, who, by
his wickedness and folly, has involved himself
in the troubles that now beset him, has returned,
abandoning his rebellion, and has bent down
upon his humbled knees and asked the forgive-
ness of the Government, and to be restored
again as a citizen. Can a man go further than
that? He has been in many cases pardoned by
the Executive. He stands again as a citizen
of the country.
What relation do wo desire that the people of
the North shall sustain toward those people of
the South ? One of harmony and accord, or of
strife and ill will ? Do wc want to restore com-
merce and trade with them, that we shall pros-
per thereby as well as they, or do we wish per-
manent, strife and division ? I want this to be'
a L'nion in form, under the Constitution of the
United States, and in fact, by the harmony of
tho people of the North and of the South. 1 be-
lieve, as'General Grant says, that this bureau,
especially with the enlarged powers that wc pro-
pose to confer upon it, will not be an instrument
of concoid and harmony, but will be one of dis-
cord and strife in that section of the country.
Iteannot do good, but. in my judgment, will do
much harm.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I feel it
incumbent on mo to reply to some of the argu-
ments presented by the Senator lrom Indiana
against this bill. Many of the positions he has
assumed will lie found, upon examination, to
have no foundation in fact. Ho has argued
against provisions not contained in the bill, and
lie has argued also as if he were entirely for-
getful of the condition of the country and of tho
great war through which we have passed.
Now, sir, what was the object of the Freed-
men's Bureau, and why was it established? It
was established to look after a large class ol
people who. as the results of the war, had been
thrown upon the hands of the Government,
and must have peiished but for its fostering care
and protection. Does the Senfitor mean to deny
the power of thin Government to protect peo-
ple under such circumstances? The Senator
must often have voted for appropriations to
protect other classes of people under like cir-
cumstances. Whenever, in the history of the
Government, there has been thrown upon it a
helpless population which must starve and die
but for its care, the Government has never
failed to provide for them. At. this very ses-
sion, within the last thirty days, both Houses
of Congress have voted half a million dollars
to feed and clothe people during the present
winter. Who were they? Many of them were
Indians who had joined the rebellion and had
slain loyal people of the country. Yes, sir, we
appropriated money to feed Indians who had
been lighting against us. Vvre did not hear the
Senator's i oice in opposition to that appropria-
tion. What were the facts? Tt was stated by
our Indian agents that the Indian tribes west
of Arkansas, a part of whom had joined the
rebel armies and some the Union armies, had
been driven from their country ; that their prop-
erty had been destroyed ; and now, the conflict
of arms having ceased, they had nothing to live
upon during the winter; that they would en-
croach upon the white settlements: that, unless
provision was made for them they would rob,
-plunder, and murder the inhabitants nearest
them: and Congress was called upon to appro-
priate money to buy them food and clothing,
and we did it. We did it for rebels and traitors.
Were we not bound to do it?
Now, sir, we have thrown upon us four mil-
lion people who have toiled all their lives for
others; who, unlike the Indians, had no prop-
erty at the beginning of the rebellion : who were
never permitted to own anything, never per-
mitted to eat the bread their own hands had
earned ; many of whom are without any means
of support, in the midst of a prejudiced and hos-
tile population who have been struggling to over-
throw the Government. rj he=e four million
people, made free by the acts of war and the
constitutional amendment, have been, wherever
they could, loyal and true to the Union; and
theSenator seriously asks, what authority have
we to appropriate money to take care of them?
What would he do with them? Would he allow
them to starve and die ? Would he turn them-over
to the mercy of the men who, through their whole
lives. 1iave had their earnings, to be enslaved
again ? It is not the first time that money has
been appropriated to take care of the destitute
and suffering African. E^or years it has been the
law that whenever persons of African descent
were brought to our shores with tho intention
of reducing them to slavery, the Government
should, if possible, rescue and restore them to
their native land; and we have appropriated
hundreds of thousands of dollars for this object.
Can anybody deny the right to do it? Sir, hu-
manity as well as the constitutional obligation
to suppress tho slave trade required it. So now
the people relieved by our act from tho control
of masters who supplied their wants that they
might have their services, have a right to rely
upon us for assistance till they can have time
to provide for themselves.
This t'reedmen's Bureau is not intended as
a permanent institution. It is only designed
to aid these helpless, ignorant, and unprotected
people until they can piovidefor and take care
of themselves. The authority to do this, so
iiir as legislative sanction can give it, is to be
found in the action of a previous Congress which
established tho bureau; but if it were a new
question, the authority for establishing such a
bureau, in my judgment, is given by the Consti-
tution itself; and as the Senator's whole argu-
ment goes upon the idea of peace, and that all
the consequences of the war have ceased, I shall
be pardoned, I trust, if I refer to those provis-
ions of the Constitution which, in my judgment,
authorize the exorcise of this military jurisdic-
tion—for this bureau is a part of the military
establishment uot simply during the conflict of
arms, but until peace shall be firmly established
and the civil tribunals of the country shall be
restored with an assurance that they may peace-
fully enforce the laws without opposition.
The Constitution of the United States'declares
iliat Congress shall have authority "to declare
war and make rulcs-concerning captures on land
and water," "to raise andsupportarmies,'' "to
provide and maintain a navy," "to make rules
for tho government and regulation of the land
and naval forces," "to provide for calling forth
the miritia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrection, and repel invasion," and
"to make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the forego-
ing powers." J t also declares that " the citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several
States, ' and that "the United States shall
guaranty to every State in the Union a repub-
lican form of government." Under the exer-
cise of these powers the Government has gone
through a four years' conflict. It has succeeded
inputtingdown armed resistance toitsauthority.
But did the military power which was exercised
to put down this armed resistance cease the mo-
ment tho rebel armies were dispersed? Has the
Government no authority to bring to punish
rnent the authors of this rebellion after the con-
flict of arms has ceased; no authority to hold
as prisoners, if necessary, all who have been
captured with arms in their hands ? Can it be
that the moment the rebel armies are dispersed
the military authority ceases, and they are to
be turned loose to arm and organize again foi
another conflict against the Union? Y\ hy, sir,
it would not be more preposterous on the part
of the traveler, after having, at the peril ol
Ins life, succeeded in disarming a highwayman
by whom he was assailed, to immediately tarn
round and restore to the .robber his weapons
with which to make a new assault.
And yet this is what, some gentlemen would
have this nation do with the worse than rob-
bers who have assailed its life. They propose,
the rebel arniUs being overcome, that the rebel."
thoiirselvv. : shall be instantly clothed with ali
the authority tliev possessed before the con*
