3304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GEOBE:
June 20,
Mr. BANKS'. It is not a point of order.
Mr. STEVEN'S. The gentleman had not
the right to make his objection till I had sur-
rendered the floor:.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has heard
the ruling of the Chair. Shall the decision-of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee ?
The committee sustained the decision of the
Chair.
The question then recurred on Mr. Banks's
motion that the bill be laid aside.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 75, noes 20.
So the motion was agreed to.
exposition at pakis.
The next business on the Calendar was the
amendment of the Senate to House joint res-
olution No. 52, to provide for the expenses
attending the exhibition of the products of
industry of the United States at the Exposi-
tion at Paris in 1887.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that itbe laid aside.
[Great laughter. ]
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 42, noes 75.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate ivas read, as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting: clause and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That, in order to enable the people of the United
States to participate in the advantages of the uni-
versal exhibition of the productions of agrioulturo,
manufactures, and the fine arts, to be held at Paris
in the year 1867, the following sums, or so much of
them as may bo necessary for the purposes severally
specified, aro hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
First. To provide nccessary furniture and fixtures
for the proper exhibition of the productions of the
United States, according to the plan of the imperial
commissioners, in that part of tho building exclu-
sively assigned to the uso of tho United States,
$48,000 in coin.
, Secondly. To provide additional accommodations
in tho pnrk. $25,000 in coin.
Thirdly. For the compensation of tho principal
agent of the Exhibition in tho United States at tho
rate of $2,000 a year: Provided, That tho period of
such scrvice shall not extend beyond sixty days after
tho close of the Exhibition, $4,000, or so much thereof
as may be found necessary.
Fourthly. l''or office rent at New York, for fixtures,
stationery, and advertising; for rent of store-house
for reception" of articles and products: for expenses
of shipping, including cartages, &c.; for freights on
tho articles to be exhibited from New York to Franco
and return, and for compensation of four clerks, in
conformity with the joint resolution approved on tho
15th of January, 1SG6, and for contingent expenses, the
sum of 833,700, or so much thereof as may bo found
necessary.
Fifthly. For expenses in rccoiving, bonding, stor-
age, cartago, labor, and so forth, at Havre; for rail-
- way transportation from Ilavro to Paris, going and
returning; for labor in tho palace; for sweeping and
sprinkling compartments for seven months; for
guards and keepers for seven months; for linguists
(eight men) for seven months; for storing, packing-
boxes, carting, and for material for repacking; for
clork liiro, stationery, rent, and contingent expenses,
the sum of $35,703 in coin, or so much thoreof as may
be found neccssary.
Sixthly. For the traveling expenses of ten'profes-
sional and scientific commissioners, to be appointed
by the President, by and with tho advice and con-
sent of the Senate, at tho rate of §1,000 each, $10,000,
it being understood that the President, may appoint
additional commissioners, not exceeding twenty in
number, whoso expenses shall not be paid; but no
person interested, directly or indircctly, in any ar-
ticle exhibited shall bo a commissioner; nor shall
any member of Congress, or any person holding an
appointment or office of honor or trust under tho
United States be appointed a commissioner, agent,
or officer under this resolution.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That tho Gov-
ernors of the several States be, and they are hereby,
requested to invite the patriotic people of their re-
spective States to assist in tho proper representation
of the handiwork of our artisans, and the prolific
sources of material wealth with which our land is
blessed, and to take such furthermoasures as maybe
necessary to diffuse a knowledge of the proposed Ex-
hibition, and to secure to their respective States the
advantages which it promises.
Sec. 3. And be -it farther resolved, That it shall be
the duty of the said general agent at New York, and
the said commissioner general at Paris, to transmit
to Congress, through the Department of State, a de-
tailed statement of the manner in which suoh expend-
itures as are hereinbefore provided for are made by
them respectively.
t Amend the title to read as follows: Joint resolu-
tion to enable the people of the United States to
participate in the advantages of the Universal Exhi-
bition at Paris in 1867.
Mr, BANKS. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. SPALDING. How much does this
appropriate ?
Mr. BANKS. I will give the gentleman the
informatisn as near as I can when the commit-
tee rises.
Mr. SPALDING. The committee ought to
know at once how much money is proposed to
be appropriated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
in order to move that the commitiee rise and
report the bill so long as any amendment is
pending.
Mr. BANKS. I move to rise in order to close
debate.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes G6, noes 48.
So the committee agreed to rise.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pome-
roy reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had theUniongenerally under consider-
ation, and particularly the amendment of the
Senate to House joint resolution No. 52, to
provide for the expenses attending" the exhi-
bition of the products of industry of the Uni-
ted States at the Exposition at Paris, in 1867,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BANKS. As I have already stated, I
shall move to non-concur in the amendment of
the Senate, and extended debate is not, there-
fore, necessary. I move that general debate
be closed in one minute.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not gag this through in that way.
The SPEAKER. It will leave the five-
minute debate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state?of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and
tho House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the amendment of the Senate to joint
resolution of the House No. 52, to provide for
the expenses attending the exhibition of the
products of industry of the United States at the
Exposition at Paris in 1867.
Mr. BANKS. I will reply to the question
of the gentleman from Ohio, if he desires a
reply to his question, that it is impossible to
state the difference between the appropriation
of the House and that of the Senate, inasmuch
as the one is in currency, and the other, partly,
in coin. The difference will depend on tho
price of gold at tho time the appropriation is
used.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is now closed
by order of tho House.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. I presume
the bill will now be read by sections for amend-
ment.
Mr. SPALDING. I am obliged to the
gentleman from Massachusetts for his infor-
mation.
The CHAIRMAN. There is but one amend-
ment. The Senate proposes to strike out the
whole bill and to insert.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out lines
sixteen and seventeen, which provide for the
appropriation of $25,000 in coin. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts says, that he pro-
poses to move to non-concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate. I wish the House to
understand how the matter will then stand..
The bill will be referred to a committee of
conference, and the House then will have to
pass upon the question whether it will adopt
the report of that committer or not. I desire
to have a vote of the committee upon this
proposition to take $25,000 in American gold
out of the Treasury in order to pay the
expenses attending this Paris Exposition. I
desire to know whether we will go back to our
constituents and tell them that we have made
an appropriation in gold—that we have reached
a time when there is " gold for office-holders
and rags for the people." It is not enough
that we shall make an ordinary appropriation
for our people to go over to Paris and make a
"show", there; but we must go further, and
vote coin out of the Treasury of the United
States for that purpose. Sir, I am opposed to
it, and hence I have made the motion to strike
out. _ _ .
Mr. BANKS. I rise, sir, to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Inasmuch as I proposed to non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate, it is not necessary
that I should debate it. It is doubtless refresh-
ing to the members of the House that the gen-
tleman from Illinois should instruct us as to
the natural course of events in a committee of
conference. I do not think, however, that the
House is in danger of encountering a surprise
from any course such a committee may take.
We have plenty of time to consider the report
of any committee; and I think we may trust
any committee that the Speaker will appoint.
I hope the amendment will not be>adopted.
The question was put on Mr. Washbdrne's
amendment, and there were—ayes 39, noes 56.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Banks,
and Washbujine of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 55.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
insert after the word "rate,'' in the forty-sixth
line, "per annum," so that it will read, "at
the rate per annum of $1,000 each," &c.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to add, also, after the word "each," in the
forty-seventh line, the words "for the time
actually employed." I do not propose to leave
these men drawing salaries of $1,000 for one
month's service.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end
of the sixth line of the third section:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect until
the French troops shall have been withdrawn from
Mexico.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to object to that amend-
ment. It is not germane to the subject. If
this country objects to the presence of French
troops in Mexico, Americans ought to have
the good sense to order them to leave this
continent, and.not to attack the industry of the
country in this backhanded, underhanded, and
unjust effort to carry out a policy. If the mem-
ber from Illinois will, in the name of the peo-
ple he represents, introduce a bill for the ejec-
tion of the French troops from Mexico, I will
give him my support. But I demand, in the
name of the mechanics of the country, that a
matter vital to their interests and honor shall
not be embarrassed by a proposition of this
kind.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
last word of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is now in order. There is an amendment to
the amendment pending.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; the amendment
of the Senate is the text upon which we are
acting.
Mr. BANKS. Let us have the question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
not be quite so impetuous. The chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs says that he
is ready to do justice to this country in regard
to Mexican affairs. I would suggest whether
it is not nearly time that the distinguished
committee of which he is chairman should take
some action in this direction. As the commit-
tee have not done it, I shall vote for the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BANKS.' I rise to oppose the amend-
