320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
flict, and that the inhabitants of States who for
more than four years have carried on an organ-
ized war against the Government shall at once
be invested with all the powers they had at its
commencement, to organize and begin it anew.
Nay, more, they insist that without any action
of the Government it is the right of the inhabit-
ants of the rebellious States on laying - down
their arms to resume their former positions in
the Union with all the rights they possessed
when they began the war. If such axe the eon-
sequences of this struggle, it is the first' con-
flict in the history of the world, between either
individuals or nations, from which such results
have followed. Whatman, afterbeingdespoiled
of much of his substance, his children slain, his
own life periled, and his body bleeding from
many wounds, ever restored the authors of such
calamities, when within his power, to the rights
they possessed before the conflict without taking
some security for the future ?
Sir, the war powers of the Government do not
cease with the dispersion of the rebel armies.
They are to be continued and exercised until
the civil authority of the Government can be
established firmly and upon a sure foundation
not again to be disturbed or interfered with.
And such, sir, is the understanding of the Gov-
ernment. None of the departments of the Gov-
ernment understand that its military authority
has ceased to operate over the rebellious States.
It is but a short time since the President of the
United States issued a proclamation restoring
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in
the loyal States, but did he restore it in the re-
bellious States? Certainly not. What author-
ity has he to suspend the privilege of that writ
anywhere except in pursuance of the constitu-
tional provision allowing the writ to be sus-
pended "when in cases of rebellion or inva-
sion the public safety may require it?" Then
the President understands that the public safety
in the insurrectionary States still requires its
suspension.
The Attorney General, when asked a few days
ago why Jefferson Davis was not put upon trial,
told you that, " though active hostilities have
ceased, 'a state of war still exists over the ter-
ritory in rebellion," so that it could not be prop,-
erly done. General Grant, in an order issued
within a few days—which I commend to the es-
pecial consideration of the Senator from Indi-
ana, for it contains many of the provisions of
the bill under consideration ; an order issued
with the approbation of the Executive, for such
an order I apprehend could not have been is-
sued without his approbation—declares :
[General Orders, No. 3.]
"Wak [jKi'AUTM i;nt,
An jotaxt Gkni-ru/s Office,
Washington, January 13,1866.
To protect persons against improper civil.suits and pen-
alties in tale rebellious States.
Military division and department commanders,
whose commands embrace or are composed of any of
the late rebellious States, and who have not already
done so, will at onee issue and enforce orders protect-
ing from prosecution or suits in tho State, or munici-
pal courts of such State, all officers and soldiers of the
armies of the United States, and all persons therelo
attached, or In anywise thci eto belun^in^, subject to
military authority,,charged'with otic uses tor acts done
in their military capacity, or pursuant to orders from :
proper military authority; and to piotcet from suit
or prosecution all loyal citizens, or persons, charged
with offenses done asainst tho rebel forces, directly
or indirectly, during the existence of the rebellion ;
and all persons, their aitenls anil employes, ohurs^e'l
with tlio occupancy of abandoned lands or plantations,
or the possesion or ( ustody of any kind of property
whatever, who occupied, used, possessed, or con trolled
the same, pursuant to the order of the President, or
any of theeivitor military departmentsof the Govern-
ment, and to protect them from any penalties ordam-
a^es that may have been or may bo pronounced or
adjudged in said courts in any of such cases; and also
Protecting colored persons trom prosecutions in any
ot said btates charged with offenses tor which while
porsons are not prosecuted or punished in the same
manner and decree.
By command of Lieutenant General Grant;
14. D. TOWXSEIO),
Assistant Adjutant General.
Mr. SAL LSBURY. As I propose to make
some remarks in reply to the honorable Senator j
from Illinois, fin; chairman of the Committee !
on the Judiciary,_ 1 wish to ask him one ques- !
lion, and it is this: whether he believes that
General Grant, or the President of the United
States, had any constitutional authority to make
such an order as that? I should like to have
am answer to this question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad the Sena-
tor from Delaware has asked the question. I
answer, he "had most ample and complete au-
thority. I indorse the order and every word of
it. It would be monstrous if the officers and
soldiers of the Army and loyal citizens wore to
be subjected to suits and prosecutions for acts
done in saving the Republic, and that, too, at
the hands of the very men who sought its de-
struction. Why, had not the Lieutenant Gen-
eral authority to issue the order? Have not
the civil tribunals in all the region of country
to which the order applies been expelled by
armed rebels and traitors? Has not the power
of the Government been overthrown there ? Is
it yet reestablished? Some steps have been
taken toward reestablishing it under the author-
ity of the military, and in no other way. If any
of the State governments recently set up in the
rebellious Stales were to undertake to embar-
rass military operations, I have no doubt they
would at once be set aside by order of the Lieu-
tenant General, in pursuance of directions from
the Executive; These governments which have
been set up act by permission of the military.
They are made use of to some extent to pre-
serve peace and order and enforce civil rights
between parties; and so far as they act in har-
mony with the Constitution and laws of the
United States and the orders of the military
commanders, they are permitted to exercise
authority; but until those States shall be re-
stored in all their constitutional relations to the
Union they ought not to be permitted to exer-
cise authority in any other way.
I desire the Senator from Indiana to under-
stand that it is under this war power that the
authority of tho Preedmen's Bureau is to bo ex-
ercised. I do not claim that its officers can
try persons for offenses without juries in States
where the civil tribunals have not been inter-
rupted by the rebellion. The Senator from In-
diana argues against this bill as if it was appli-
cable to that State. Some of its provisions are,
but most of them are not, unless the State of
Indiana has been in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment; and I know too many of the bravo
men who have gone from that State to main-
tain the integrity of tho Union and put down
the rebellion to cast any such imputation upon
her. She is a loyal and a patriotic State ; her
civil government lias never been usurped or
overthrown by traitors, and the provisions of
the seventh and eighth sections of the bill to
which the Senator alludes cannot, by their
very terms, have any application to the State
of Indiana. Lot me read the concluding sen-
tence of the eighth section :
Tho jurisdiction conferred by this section on the
officers and agents of this bureau to cease and deter-
mine whenever the discrimination oil account ofwhieh
it is conferred ceases, and m no event to be exercised
in any State in which tho ordinary course of judicial
proceedings has not been interrupted by the rebellion,
norm any such State after said Statesliallhavebeen
fully restored in all its constitutional relations to tho
tin i ted States, and the courts of the State and of the
United States within tho same are not disturbed or
stopped in the peaceable course of justice.
Will the Senal or from Indiana admit for a
moment that the courts in his State are now
disturbed or stopped in the peaceable course
of justice ? If they were ever so disturbed, they
are not now. Will the Senator admit that the
State of Indiana does not have and exercise all
its constitutional rights as one of the States of
this Union? The judicial authority conferred
by this bill applies to no State, not even to
South Carolina, after it shall have been restored
in all its constitutional rights.
Mr. IIENDBICKS. I ask the Senator whether
the language which he is now citing from the
eighth section is found in the seventh section
of the bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not.
Mr.HENDRICKS. Itisnot. Theargument
which the Senator is now answering is an argu-
ment which was made to the seventh section of
the bill, and the only limitation upon the oper-
ation of the seventh section in any State is that
it shall have been a State in which the courts were
interrupted by the rebellion ; and I stated that
whether the courts of Indiana had been at any
time interrupted would be a question thatmight,
perhaps, be decided differently by different per-
sons; that there had been an invasion of the
State known as the John Morgan raid ; whether
that amounted to an interruption of the courts
I co.uld not tell. Now, if the Senator will an-
swer my argument, as applicable to the seventh
section, he will do justice to myself and to the
subject. I did not say that the eighth section
applied to Indiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be very happy to
answer it, and the Senator from Indiana will
see how plain a statement shall answer it all.
The seventh section does not provide for a
court at all; the only provision in the bill pro-
viding for a freedman's court is in the eighth
section, and the eighth section says that court
shallhave no jurisdiction in any State that main-
tains its constitutional relations to the Govern-
ment. Now, if the Senator from'Indiana, out
of this, can make it out that a Freedmen's Bu-
reau court is to have jurisdiction in Indiana un-
der the seventh section, he will do what I can-
not understand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator will allow
me to say that I will make out just what I made
out in the first place. The seventh section pro-
vides that in - any State where the proceedings
of the courts have been interrupted, and any of
the rights which are enjoyed by white people
are denied to colored people, the protection of
the military power shall be extended over the
persons thus deprived of their civil rights. That
is what I said would occur in the State of In-
diana if the officers of the bureau should hold
that the courts in that State had ever been inter-
rupted ; and the limitation in the eighth section,
that as soon as the courts again are in full op-
eration the section shall cease to operate in that
State, is not applicable to tho seventh section,
but the seventh section continues in force as
long as the State denies the civil rights and ex-
tends military protection. I asked the Senator
to say just what that was when I was up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before I get through I
shall endeavor to state to the Senator from In-
diana what I understand by '' military protec-
tion," which seems to have disturbed him ; but
at the present time I was undertaking to show
that there was no provision in the bill for the
exei cise of judicial authojity except in the eighth
section. Rights are declared in the seventh,
but the mode of protecting them is provided in
the eighth section, and the eighth section then
declares explicitly that the jurisdiction that is
conferred shall be exercised only in States which
do not possess full constitutional rights as parts
of the Union. Indiana has at all times had all
the constitutional rights pertaining to any State,
has them now, and therefore the officers and
agents of this bureau can take no jurisdiction
of any case in the State of Indiana. It will be
another question, which I will answer, and may
as Well answer now, perhaps, as to what is meant
by '' military protection.''
The second section declares that "the Pres-
ident of the United States, through the War
Department, and tho Commissioner, shall ex-
tend military jurisdiction and protection over
all employes, agents, and officers of this bu-
reau." He wants to know the cffect of that
in Indiana. This bureau is a part of the mili-
tary establishment. The effect of that in In-
diana is precisely the same as in every other
State, and under il the officers and agents of
the Preedmen's Bureau will occupy the same
position as do the officers and soldiers of the
United States Army. What is that? While
they are subject to the Rules and Articles of
War, if they chance to be in Indiana and vio-
late her laws they arc held amenable the same
as any other person. The officer or soldier in
tho State of Indiana who commits a murder or
other offense upou a citizen of Indiana is liable
to be indicted, tried, and punished, just as if
he were a civilian. When the sheriff soes with
the process to arrest the soldier or officer who
has committed the offense, the military author-
