13&4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 14,
ho says if they are wounded and disabled they
cannot command; if they are not disabled they
can make a living at home. Suppose the case,
of which we see many instances, of a stiffened
arm; a ball has passedthrough it, and the man
is now in the camp. At home he cannot pur-
sue his trade, and yet that difficulty is not in
the way of the discharge of his duties as a mil-
itary officer. He may well be a lieutenant or
a captain of a company, or even the colonel of
a regiment, if he has a stiffened arm, a stiff-
ened knee, "or a stiifened ankle from a wound
received. We know there are many eases in
which men can discharge military duties and
yet are not fit to make a living by labor. The
Senator from Maine knows that very well. lie
speaks about their slight service. lias the Sen-
ator from Maine not seen the statement of the
services of the officers in the Veteran llescrvo
corps V
Mr. FESSENDEK. Yes. sir; I have seen it
and read every word of it; and ! can find out ten
to one who have a very much stronger and a
very much longer record in the Army, and have
not been in the Veteran Reserve corps.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Veiy well; if the Sen-
ator can find outside of the Veteran lieserve
corps persons who are meritorious, and who
have better claims, let hint amend the proposi-
tion so as to include them. Give them a hear-
ing. too.
Air. FESSEXDEN. _ Whatl say is, that they
nre included now in this hill, just as the others
are; mid if they are til i'nr service and meri-
torious officers, they stand their chance with
the rest ol'lhe wounded officers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 want to seo a clause
in this hill %vhich_will secure to them :iposition
in the Array. ! do not want them left to de-
pend upon political recommendations and the
chances of appointment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not they as much
as others?
Mr. 1IENDIUCKS. For the reason that
they have a fixed claim ; a claim rising above
political considerations or any of those"consid-
erations that secure appointments in the Army
•and appointments to olliee.
M;. FESSENDEN'. 1 ask (lie Senator if
they have any b( tier claim than wounded
oltieers who have ne\er been in the Vetman
Reserve corps but went back to active service
notwithstanding their wounds.
Mr. il KN Dit!CKS. 1 said before that I
was not attached to the proposition I have
made, i said that my purpose was to secure
a position in 1 he Army to men who had been
disabled ill tin; service and were yet, capable of
rendeiing militaiy service to the country; I do
not care whether they are ill the corps or out
of the corps. 1 selected the coi-ps and men-
tioned ii. in the amendment for the reason thai I
supposed the Department, had made the selec-
tion ol the men who were most meritorious,
who were host qualified to discharge the duty ;
but ! am very veil :atislied to take the clause
piopo.-ed originally by the chairman of the
coiumut.ee and let it, extend to all disabled
men who aie tit to command.
But, sir, [ was asking the Senator from Maine
if h(, had notreaU Use statement, of the services
and the wounds of the men connected with the
V'ieraa Reserve corps, lles.i},} he lias. If
he he read that, he has seen that, tilt1 service
ofiii;"-'e ni-'n, in very many cases, has not been
the l:ght_and trifling semnce which ho is dis-
posed ill's morning lo describe it.
Mr. FKSSEX D EN. 1 spoke of their services
after fiiev went iiKo the Reserve corps.
Mr. KEXDRI CKS. Many of these men
bear one, two, three, and some four wounds
upon their persons, and jet are able to dis-
charge the duties of command. The facts are
so reported. Now, the simple question is,
"whether we ought to make their position in
the Army sure, or ought we to turn them over
to the accidents and chances of appointments.
I am willing to modify my amendment so as to
include all who are disabled. 1 am willing to
adopt the language of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and I shall be obliged to him if he
will send me the bill containing that provision,
that I may copy it and offer it as an amend-
ment to this bill. I expected this morning to
find it in this bill. ,
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that I hold in my hand a paper signed by
General Sherman, General Meade, and Gen-
eral Thomas, in which they refer to this pro-
vision in the original bill, and say:
"The only essential change proposed in the Army
bill is to omit the Votoran lieserve corps altogether."
This is the reason they give :
"In any army, no matter what pains be taken in
selecting' recruits, when we come to put tlicm into
service experience teaches that nearly thirty percent,
fail by reason ot'theordmary imperfcetionsof'huma.n
nature, Now, if ci:;h t regiments of the fifty be taken
hum the invalids, or men of impaired strength, we
mid fifteen per cent., or in alt forty-five per cent, of
invalids, which is too large a proportion. In the end
it is cheaper to provide directly, by way of pensions,
for thiselass ofsoldicrs. If the officersof the Veteran
Reserves Lave a pood record and restored health,
they can bo appointed just as other officers of the vol-
unteer anny."
This is the statement of these officers; and
ii, was on the strength of this statement that the
Committee on Military Affairs made this change
in the provisions of the original bill.
Mr. FOMEROY. Jf bccarae somewhat rec-
onciled to leaving the Veteran lieserve corps
out of this bill from the fact that I supposed
the meritorious officers of that corps who were
wounded and were yet capable of doing service
would not only stand as good a chance as others,
but perhaps a little better, because there was
perhaps an implied understanding that the Vet-
eran Reserve corps was to be continued. I
hope the Secretary of War. or whoever makes
the appointments, will be particularly careful
10 give appointments to as many officers as pos-
sible of the Veteran lieserve corps who have
the requisite qualifications named in the bill
and are otherwise competent,. I should feel
very sorry, in mustering out the Veteran lie-
serve corps, to muster out all the officers so that
they should not have places in the regular Army.
This bill, however, nmst, go to the House of Rep-
resentatives yet, and the Veteran Reserve corps
will very likely have more consideration there
than in the Senate. I think they will be re-
stoicd there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose tb modify
the amendment which I offered, and I now put
11 in this shape:
At tho end of line thirteen, section four, insert:
Anil ten of these regiments shall be officered fey
men who have been woundedordischarged fromser-
vice on account ot disease contracted in the lino of
duty, competent to discharge the duties of the posi-
tions.
The Senator from Maine has said that out of
these disabled officers we could not get enough to
officer ten regiments. Perhaps lie meant to
refer to the Veteran Reserve corps. If we can-
not, if it shall be found that there are not
enough qualified for the positions, then of
course we cannot go further than the possibil-
ities of the case will allow.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I was probably mis-
taken about that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator is
probably mistaken. I think I am justified in
saying that lie is mistaken, from the fact that
the Veteran Reserve corps was officered by
men who had been discharged from the service
on account of wounds or sickness, and there
were twenty-five regiments of them. I do not
know whether all those regiments were offi-
cered. I think that ten regiments can be well
officered by them, and I do not believe it will
he detrimental to the public service. The ar-
gument of the Senator that we cannot provide
lor all the men who have been wounded in the
service and therefore we should provide for
none, 1 think is not entitled to force or consid-
eration, and I was surprised that the Senator
made that argument. If we cannot consist-
ently with the interest of the public service
provide for all, we can, 1 think, provide for all
the officers required to officer ten regiments,
and that will be something. We can make the
most meritorious selections, secure the best
officers, and do an act of justice and humanity.
I have done my duty upon this subject. I shall
be very much gratified if the Senate will adop^
this amendment and place these men secirrely,
instead of leaving them to the accidents of ap-
pointments in the Department.
Mr. NESMITH. So far as it is intended to
reward officers who have been wounded in the
service, I would be glad to see them all placed
in the Army if they desired it, and to give them
such reward as it is in the power of the Govern-
ment to give them; but I am opposed to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Indi-
ana, for a variety of reasons.
In the first place, as has been stated by the
Senator from Maine, there was no particular
inducement held out to the officers wdio went
into the Veteran Reserve corps that they should
be retained in the service at the close of the
war. We all understand that ivhile fighting was
going on at the front it became necessary to
have large guards for depots and hospitals in
the rear. Officers, many of whom had rendered
very meritorious service at the front, camehome
and preferred remaining in hospital to going
back to the front and putting 'ap with the hard-
ships of camp life, and they were detailed or
put in the Reserve corps. I do not believe the
best officers of the Army went into the Reserve
corps. While I have nothing to say against
those officers, many of them gallant men, I do
not believe tlicy arc in any way superior to those
who, on recovering from their wounds, went
back to the front and rejoined their regiments.
There was an inducement to leave the active
service and engage in the comparatively light
duty assigned to the Reserve corps.
At the time this corps was organized without
authority of law, it was an inducement to men
to remain in the rear instead of going to the
front. In providing for an increase of the
Army, the original proposition of the Senator
from Indiana gives all the offices in certain
regiments to those men who from circumstances
or accident happened to get positions in the
Reserve corps and were withdrawn from active
duty in the field. I protest that this is unfair
to the officers who remained in the field, and
who remained with their regiments, many of
whom after having been most desperately
wounded refused to take service in the rear,
and went back to the front. A captain or
lieutenant in the volunteers or the regular
Army may have been—and there have been
many such instances—desperately wounded at
the front and after recovering and being fit to
discharge his duties again returned to his regi-
ment, while some subaltern officer who refused
to perform that kind of duty got a place in the
Veteran Reserve corps and became a major
or a lieutenant colonel or a colonel, lie
jumped up from the lowest subaltern rank at
once to the highest rank in a regiment. You
take that man who acquired his rank in that
way, and you place him over a captain or a
lieutenant who rendered quite as meritorious
service in the front and went back convalescing
from wounds returned again to duty. It is an
unfair discrimination. I do not think that one
half of the officers provided for by this bill
should be selected from any particular class or
from any particular corps, and I should prefer
not to vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana as he has modified it. I should
prefer to leave that matter open to those who
make the selection of the officers.
The spirit of this bill all the way through
provides for Ihe very condition of affairs he
desires to provide for by his amendment. It
provides that these officers shall be appointed
from the volunteer service, and Ihey shall be
selected with reference to their gallant and
meritorious conduct in the field. It does
not always happen that a man who has been
wounded in the field is the most gallant or the
most meritorious or the most deserving, or is
likely to make the best officer. The mere fact
of wounds is a casualty, and an inferior officer
is just as liable to be wounded as a superior •
officer. I do not think that in organizing regi-
