1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
m
ities surrender him up to be tried and punished
according to the laws of the State. It has al-
ways been done, unless in time of war when
the courts were interrupted. The jurisdiction
and "protection" that is extended over these
officers and agents is for the purpose of making
them subject to the Rules and Articles of War.
It is necessary for this reason: in the rebel-
lious States civil authority is not yet fully re-
stored. There -would be no other way of pun-
ishing them, of holding them to accountability,
of governing and controlling thein, in many
portions of the country; and it is because of
the condition of the rebellions States, and their
still being under military authority, that it is
necessary to put these officers ana agents of
the Freedmen's Bureau under the control of
the military power.
The Senator says the original law only em-
braced within its provisions the refugees in the
rebellious States; and now this bill is extended
to all of the States, and he wants to know the
reason. I will tell him. When the original bill
was passed, slavery existed in Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, Delaware, and in various other States.
Since that time, by the constitutional amend-
ment, it has been everywhere abolished.
Mr. SAULS'BTJBY. Will my friend allow
me to say one word?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I say, as one of the
representatives of Delaware on this floor, that
she had the proud and noble character of being
the first to enter the Federal Union under a Con-
stitution formed by equals. She has been the
very last to obey a mandate, legislative or ex-
ecutive, for abolishing slavery. She has been
the last slaveholding State, thank God, in Amer-
ica, and I am one of the last slaveholders in
America.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, I
do not see particularly what the declaration of
the Senator from Delaware lias to do with the
question I am discussing. His State may have
been the last to become free, but I presume that
the State of Delaware, old as she is, being the
first to adopt the Constitution, and noble as she
is, will submitto the Constitution of theUnitcd
States, which declares that there shall be no
slavery within its jurisdiction. [Applause in
the galleries.]
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Order! Or-
der !
Mr. SAULSBURY. She will.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is necessary, Mr. Pres-
ident, to extend the Freedmen's Bureau beyond
the rebel States in order to take in the State of
Delaware, [laughter,] the loyal State of Dela-
ware, I am happy to say, which did not engage
in this wicked rebellion; and it is necessary to
protect the froedmen in that State as well as
elsewhere; and that is the reason for extending
the Freedmen's Bureau beyond the limits of
the rebellious States.
Now, the Senator from Indiana says it ex-
tends all over the United States. Well, by its
terms it does, though practically it can have
little if any operation outside of the late slave-
holding States. If freedmen should congregate
in large numbers at Cairo, Illinois, oratEvans-
ville, Indiana, arid become a charge upon the
people of those States, the Freedmen's Bureau
would have a right to extend its jurisdiction
over them, provide for their wants, secure for
them employment, and place them in situations
where they could provide for themselves ; and
would the State of Illinois or the State of Indi-
ana object to that? The provisions of the bill
which would interfere with the laws of Indiana
can have no operation there.
Again, the Senator objects very much to the
expense of this bureau. Why, sir, as I have
once or twice before said, it is a part of the mil-
itary establishment. I believe nearly all its
officers at the present time are military officers,
and by the provisions of the pending bill they
are to receive no additional compensation when
performing duties in the Freedmen's Bureau.
The hill declares that the " bureau may, in the
discretion of the President, be placed under a
Commissioner and assistant commissioners, to
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 21,
be detailed from the Army, in which event each
officer so assigned to duty shall serve without
increase of pay or allowances."
The head of this bureau, General Howard,
is an officer of the Army. He receives no addi-
tional pay or allowances in consequence of
performing the duties of Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau. 'I see by a report which
I have here that the assistant commissioners
also are all, or nearly all of them, officers of the
Army. The assistant commissioner for South
Carolina is Brevet Major General Rufus Saxton,
an officer in the regular Army; for Alabama,
Brevet Major General Wager Swayne; for Lou-
isiana, Brevet Major General A. Baird; for
Georgia, Brigadier General Davis Tillson ; for
Kentucky and Tennessee, Brigadier General C.
B. Fiske; for Missouri and Arkansas, Brigadier
General J. W. Sprague; for Texas, Brigadier
General E. M. Gregory; for Virginia, Colonel
Orlando Brown; for North Carolina, Colonel
E. Whittlesey; for Mississippi, Colonel Samuel
Thomas; for Florida, Colonel T. W. Osborne,
and for the District of Columbia, Brevet Briga-
dier General John Eaton, jr.; so that this item
of expense, which so alarms the Senator from
Indiana, it will be seen, has very little in it. It
was the opinion of General Grant that it would,
perhaps, be better to detail officers from the
Army entirely. I think he rather intimates
that opinion in his report; but, upon consulta-
tion, it was thought better to leave the discre-
tion to employ civilians in some instances. It
was stated that, in some of the southern States,
there was manifested a disposition on the part
of the people themselves to take care of and
provide for the colored people. It was repre-
sented that the civil officers in some of the late
slaveholding States had been associated with
the officers of the bureau, and had aided mate-
rially in carrying out the provisions of the law;
and it was thought better, therefore, to retain
this provision allowing the President of the
United States, in his discretion, to appoint
civilians if ho thought proper. It is a discre-
tion that has been very sparingly exercised
heretofore, and never will be exercised, I un-
dertake to say, whenever proper officers of the
Army can be found for the performance of tlic
duties.
I shall necessarily, Mr. President, in following
the Senator from Indiana, speak somewhat in a
desultory manner; but I prefer to do so because
I would rather meet the objections made directly
then by any general speech. I will therefore
take up his next objection, which is to the fifth
section of the bill. That section proposes to con-
firm forthree years the possessory titles granted
by General Sherman. The Senator from In-
diana admits that General Sherman had au-
thority when at the head of the army at Savan-
nah, and these people were flocking around him
and dependent upon him for support, to put
them upon the abandoned lands ; but he says
that authority to put them there and maintain
them there ceased with peace. Well, sir, a suf-
ficient answer to that would be that peace has
not yet come ; the effects of war are not yet
ended ; the people of the States of South Caro-
lina, Georgia, and Florida, where these lands
are situated, are yet subject to military control.
But I deny that if peace had come the authority
of the Government to protect these people in
their possessions would cease the moment it was
declared. What are the facts? The owners
of these plantations had abandoned them and
entered the rebel army. They were contending
against the army which General Sherman then
commanded. Numerous colored people had
flocked around General Sherman's army. It
was necessary that he should supply them to
save them from starvation. His commissariat
was short. Here was this abandoned country
owned by men arrayed in arms against the Gov-
ernment. He, it is admitted, had authority to
put these followers of his army upon these lands
and authorize them to go to work and gain a sub-
sistence if they eould. They went on the lands
to the number of forty or fifty thousand, com-
menced work: have made improvements: and
now, will the Senator from Indiana tell me that
upon any principle of justice, humanity, or
law, if peace had come when these laborers hail
a crop half gathered, the Government of the
United States, having rightfully plaeed them-ih
possession, and pledged its-faith to-proteet them
there for an uncertain period, Cdtild imme-
diately have turned themoff and put in posses-
sion those traitor owners who had abandoned
their homes to 'fight against the Government?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Withthe-pe-rmissioji Of
the Senator, I will answer the question that Is
propounded by 'him. It is, whether as an Set
of justice, if your army was withdrawn .and the
possessory right ceased in the midst of a grow-
ing crop, they could be immediately turned off.
I presume the Senator Will agree ;with me th^t
the common-law principle applicable to such
a case would apply to that particular case, and
that is, that where an estate is uncertain in its
duration, and it ceases to exist while a crop is
growing, it shall continue until that crop is
gathered. For instance, a life estate is uncer-
tain in its duration; a crop is growing, and be-
cause of the death of the party upon whose
life the estate is dependent the estate ceases;
yet it shall continue until the growing crop 'is
gathered. I presume that principle of law
would apply to an uncertain possessory right,
such as General Sherman undertook to confer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume so, too; the
Senator from Indiana and myself agree pre-
cisely, and he has admitted now all I desire him
to admit. Then the Government having placed
these people rightfully upon these lands, and
they having expended their labor upon them,
they had a right to be protected in their pos-
sessions for some length of time after peace on
the principle of equity. That is all we propose
to do by this bill. The committee thought it
would not be more than a reasonable protec-
tion to allow them to remain for three years,
they having been put upon these lands desti-
tute, without any implements of husbandry,
without cattle, horses, or anything else with
which to cultivate the land, and having up to
the present time been able to raise very little
at the expense of great labor. Perhaps the
Senator thinks they ought not to remain so long.
I will not dispute whether they shall go off at
the end of one year or two years. The com-
mittee propose two years more. The order was
dated in January, 1865, and we propose three
years from that time, which will expire in Jan-
uary, 3 868, or about two years from this lime.
On account of that provision of the bill the
Senator asks me the question whether the Gov-
ernment of the United States has the right in
a time of peace to take property from one man
and give it to another. I say no. Of course
the Government of the United States has no
authority in a time of peace, by a legislative act,
to say that the farm of the Senator from Indi-
ana shall be given to the Senator from Ohio;
I contend for no such principle. But following
that up, the Senator wants to know by what au-
thority you buy land or provide' school-houses
for these refugees. Have we not been provid-
ing school-houses foryears ? Is there a session
of Congress when acts are not passed giving
away public lands for the benefit of schools?
But that does not come out of the Treasur}',
the Senator from Indiana will probably answer.
But how did you get the land to give away ?
Did you not buy it of the Indians? Are you
not appropriating every session of Congress
money by the million to extinguish the Indian
title, money collected off his constituents and
mine by taxation ? We buy the land and then
wo give the land away for schools. Will the
Senator tell me how that differs from giving tlie
money ? Does it make any difference whether
we buy the land from the Indians and give it
for the benefit of schools, or whether we buy
it from some rebel and give—no, sir, use—it for
the benefit of schools, with a view ultimately
of selling it for at least its cost? I believe I
would rather buy from the Indian ; but stlil if
the traitor is to be permitted to have a title,
we will buy it from him if we can purchase
cheaper.
Sir, it is a matter of economy to do this. The
