1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23 45
reorganization oe the aiimy.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. Ii. No. 8G1) entitled *'An act to reor-
ganize and establish the Array of the United
States/' the pending section being the follow-
ing:
Sec. 23. And be it further enarted, That the pay
department of the Army shall hereafter consist of
one paymaster general, with the rank, pay, and emol-
ument's of a brigadier general; two assistant paymas-
ter generals, with the rauk. pay, and emoluments of
colonels of cavalry; two assistant paymaster generals,
Willi the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant
colonels of cavalry; and forty paymasters, with the
rank, pay, and cmolumentsof majorsof cavalry; and
the original vacancies in the grade of major shall be
filled by selections from those persons who have served
faithfully as paymasters or additional paymasters
in the Army of the United States in the late war;
and hereafter no graduate of the United States Mil-
itary Academy, being at tho time in the Army of the
United States, or having begn at any time for three
years next preceding, shall be eligible to appointment
as an officer in the pay department; but this provis-
ion shall not extend to graduates of West Point now
in the pay department.
'Flic pending amendment was moved by Mr.
Sciieuck, to strike out in line seven the word
"forty," and insert ''fifty" in lieu thereof; on
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to detain the House except to recall
what took place when the amendment was up
before, and which may have since been forgot-
ten. _ In the seventh "line of the twenty-third
section provision is made for forty paymasters
with the rank of major. The number insisted
on by the Paymaster General, in an able com-
munication read to the House, is sixty. In
most of these bureaus and departments, the
gentlemen who are at the head of them wish
to have the greatest number of assistants, but,
can get along with a less number if it be found
essential the number should be limited. The
committee, on reconsidering the whole matter,
agreed to make a compromise between the
views of the Paymaster General and their own,
and accordingly I moved the pending amend-
ment to strikeout "forty" and insert '"fifty."
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 56, nays 6e. not voting
02; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Baldwin, Baxter,
Bidwell, Blame, Blow, Cobb, Darling, Dawes, Item-
ing, Dodge, Donnelly, Diiggs, ISliot, i'arquhar. Ferry,
faartield, Abner C. Harding, Henderson, [fotmes,
Ilotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
James Humphrey, Ingersoll. Julian, Iiasson, Kelley,
Kelso, Longycar, Lynch, Marvin, McBaicr, Miller,
Moorhead. Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Paine, Perham, Pike. Plants. Raymond, John H.
Rice, Sawver, S-'honck, Smith, Spalding, Stilwell,
Burt Van Horn. ElihuB.Washbiirne, Henry DAYash-
burn, and William Ii. Washburn—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anoona,Baker,Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bergen, lioutwell, Dover, Brandesce,
Bi'oomall, Buckland.Chaoler.Ileader W. Clarke, (Jof-
froth. Colliding,Cull om. Dawson, Defrecs, JVlano, Dcn-
ison, Bldridge. Finek, Gridcr, Aaion Hauling.Harris,
Hart, Chester D. Hnbb.ml, James It. Hubbell, James
M.Humphrey, Jenckcs.Kuykondall.Lai'lin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, H'iltiam Lawrcnce. Ls Blond,
Loan. Marshall, McClurg, McCiillough,M<' Ivee, Moul-
ton, Niblack, Noell, Orth. Patterson. Sauiucl J. Ran-
dall, William II. Randall, Rollins. Ito^s, Seofield,
Sitgreavcs, Stiouse, Taylor, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Up^ori, Van Aornam, Wnrd.Wclker, Williams, James
F. Wiison, Stonhcn F. Wilson, and Wright—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Dclos 1!. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Banks, Barker, Bingliam, Bromwell, Bundy,
Sidney Clarke, Cook. Culver, Davis, Dixon. Bnmont,
Eckley, Eggleston, FaniMvorth, Glossbrenncr, Good-
year, Grinnell, Gnswold. Hale, Hayes, lligby, Hill,
Ttogan,Hooper,DemasHubbaid, Edwin N.llubbcll,
Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Keir, Ketcham, Marston,
McIndoc,IVIereur,Nicholson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Price,
Radford, Alexander II. Rice, Ritter, Kogcrs. Rous-
seau, Shaoklin, Shcllabarorer, Sloan, Starr, Stevens,
Taber, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Inmble, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Wentworth,
Whaley, Wmdom, "Winfield, and Woodbridgc—62.
So the amendment was rejected.
enrolled join't resolutions signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled joint
resolutions of tho following titles; which were
thereupon signed by the Speaker:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 34) expressive
of the gratitude of the nation to the officers,
soldiers, and seam en of the United States ; and
Joint resolution (S. E. No. 75) making ap-
propriations for the expenses of collecting the
revenue from customs.
deepening southwest pass.
TheSPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report of a board of engineers rela-
tive to the deepening of the Southwest Pass of
the Mississippi, in reply to a resolution of the
House of April 20, 18G6 ; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
telbgjiapii to tiie west indies.
Mr. ELIOT. I submit the "following report
frotjj the committee of Conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
in relation to a telegraph between the United
States and the West Indies:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on thebill(S. No. 26) entitled
"An act to encourage telegraphic communication be-
tween the United States and the island of Cuba and
other West India islands, and tho Bahamas," having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senato agree to the fust amendment of
the House ol Representatives to the bill, and that it
agree to tho second amendment of the House with an
amendment, as lollows: at the end of tho amendment
insert tho words "subject, however, to the power of
Congress to alter and determine said rates;" and the
House agree to the same.
Z. CHANDLER,
L. M. JIORIULL,
• JOHN CONNESS,
Manai/ers on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS D. HLIOT,
CHARLES O'NKiLL,
NELSON TAYLOR.
Managers on the part of the Ilouse.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand tho previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, can I have the whole of that bill
reported ?
The SPEAKER. Not as a matter of right.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask it
as a privilege.
Mr. ELIOT. I will explain what the effect
of the agreement is.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
this bill went through the House without fair
consideration. It appropriates a large sum of
money.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing before
the House except the question of agreeing to
the report of the committee on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses. The gentleman from
Massachusetts proposes to explain it.
Mr. ELIOT. There were two amendments
which were made to the bill in the House. The
first amendment gave to the United States the
free use of the line during time of peace as well
as during time of war. Tho Senato agreed to
that amendment.
The second amendment which was made by
the House was that the company should not
charge more than at the rate of §3 50 for
each ten words. The Senate disagreed to that
amendment. The managers on the part of the
two Houses have agreed to the amendment,
with this provision: "subject, however, to
the power of Congress to fix and determine
the rate at any time."
That is all that the committee of conference
had before them. The effect of that amend-'
menl is to limit the rate of charges.
I ought to say that there is also in the bill a
provision giving to Congress the right to alter
and amend the bill at any time, so that the
amendment which was agreed to in conference
is really repeating what was in the bill before;
but it made some parties more satisfied with
tho bill, and so tho committee of conference
agreed to the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
there is undue power granted there, and for
the purpose of testing the question I move to
lay the report on the table.
The SPEAKER. That carries the bill
with it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I make
the motion.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference ; and under the
operation thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the committee was agreed
to; and also moved to lay that motion on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army bill again.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the corps of
Engmeersshallconsistof one chief of engineers,with
the rank, pay. and emoluments of a brigadier gen-
eral, six colonels, sixteen lieutenant colon els, twenty-
two majors, thirty captains, and twenty first and ten
second lieutenants, who shall have the pay and emol-
uments now provided by law for officers of the Engi-
neer corps ot these several grades respectively. But
after the first appointments made under tho provis-
ions ot this section, as vacancies may occur in tho
several grades of lieutenant colonel, major, and cap-
tain, no appointments to fill the same sh%U be made
until tlie number of lieutenftfit colonels shall be re-
duced to fifteen, the number of majors to twenty, and
the number of captains to twenty, and thereafter the
number of officers in each of said several grades shall
continue to conform to such roduced numbers.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a mistake in a
title in that section which I desire to correct.
I move to strike out the words "chief of engi-
neers" and to insert " chief engineer" in lieu
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-fifth section was read, asfollows:
Skc. 25. And be it further enacted^ Thatthefivecom-
panics of engineer soldiers, and the sergeant major
and quartermaster sergeant heretofore prescribed by
law, shall constitute a battalion of engineers, to be
officered by otiieeisof suitablo rank detailed from tho
corps of Engineers, and the officers of engineers act-
ing respectively as adjutant and Quartermaster of this
battalion s'lall be entitled to the pny and emoluments
of adjutants and quartermasters of cavalry.
No amendments were offered.
The twenty-sixth section was then read, as
follows:
Sec. 2fi. And be it further enacted. That the ord-
nance department of the Army shall consist of the
same number of officers and enlisted men as is now
authorized by law, and the officers shall be of thcfol-
lowing grades, namely: one brigadier general, three
colonels, six lieutenant colonels, twelve majors,
twenty captains, twelve first lieutenants, ten second
lieutenants, all of whom shall have the same pay and
emoluments as now provided by law, and thirteen
ordnaneestorekeepers,ofwhom anuinber not exceed-
ing six may also be appointed and authorized to act
as paymasters at armories and arsenals. Ordnance
storekeepers shall have the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of captains of infantry, and oidnance store-
keepers and paymasters the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of captains of cavalry. But after the first
appointments made under the provisions of this sec-
tion, as vacancies may occur, reducing the number
of officers in the several grades of this department
below the rank of brigadier general, no appointments
to fill the same shall be made until the number of
colonels shall be reduced to one. the number of lieu-
tenant colonels to three, the numberof majorstosix,
and the numberof captains totwelve: and thereafter
the number of officer'? in each of said several grades
shall continue to conform to such reduced numbers.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment to that section:
On line eleven, page 15, after the word "arsenals,"
insert the following: "The ordnancestorekeeper and
paymaster attlio national annoiyshall have tho i;ink,
pay, and emoluments of other paymasters of tho Army
and other:*' so that it will read:
&EC.26. Andbeilfurtherowcted, Thattheordnance
department of the Aimy bhall consist of (.ho same
number of officers and enlisted men asisnow author-
ized by law. and the officers shall be of the following
grades, namely: one brigadier general, thiee coloncls,
six lieutenant colonels, twelve majors, twenty cap-
tains, twelve first lieutenants, ten second lieutenants,
all of whom shall have thes-une pay and emoluments •
as now provided by law; and thirteen ordnance store-
keepers, of whom a number not exceeding six may
also be appointed and authorized to a<-t as paymasters
u.1 aimoiics and aisenals. The ordnance ?>toiekeeper
and paymaster at the national aimoiy shall have
the rank, pay, and emoluments of other paymasters
of the Army, and other ordnance storekeepers shall
have the rank, pay, and emoluments of captains of
infantry, and ordnance storekeepers and paymasters
the rank, pay, and emoluments otea plains of cavalry,
But after the first appointments made under the pro-
visions of this section, as vacaneics may occur, redu-
cing the number of officers in the several grades of
this department below the rank ot brigadier general,
no appointments to fill the same shall be made until
tho number of colonels shall be reduced to one, the
number of lieutenant coloncls to three? the number
ofmojors to six, nnd the number of captains to twelve;
and thereafter the number of "officers in each of said
several grades shall continue to conform to such
reduced numbers.
I desire the attention of the House for a
moment while I state the object of this amend-
ment, which I think will meet the concurrence
