THE C0N-j&R1SSIQK;AL GLOBS.
Upson, Robert T; Van Horn, Warner, Bliliu B.Wash-
biime, Henry D Washburn, William B. Washburn,
VYoodbridge, and WrvrM—70.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by .winch the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved to lay th^ motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN. Witli the consent of the
House, before reporting the resolution which
the Committee on Printing has just been in-
structed to report, I desire to make an explana-
tion. There has been no intention on the part
of the committee to show any contempt for any
resolution referred to it by the House. There
are now but two members of the committee
present. The other member, the gentleman
from West Virginia, [Mr. Latham,] and myself
have been unable to agree upon a report in this
case. I have been willing at any time to bring
the. question before the House, even by agree-
ing to an adverse report, but the gentleman
from West Virginia has been unwilling to assent
to that proposition. It is,due to him to say
that I believe he has been influenced by the
very best motives. It will be borne in mind
that on all questions that have been taken in
reference t'o this neither the gentleman nor
myself have voted, we having paired off with
each other.
I will say still further that when this resolu-
tion was sent to the committee, it was found
that there was a large amount of testimony,
and in regard to a large portion of it it was not'
apparent to either of us that there was the
same necessity for a large issue of it as there
was prior to the reestabliskment of Federal rela-
tions with the State- of Tennessee. But I was
willing, inasmuch as the House had passed
the resolution, that the matter should be sub-
mitted to the House in some.form for its judg-
ment. The House, after passing the resolution,
having very kindly granted to the committee
(lie privilege of amending it so as better to
meet their different views, I am now prepared
to submit a resolution. Let me state that
while the original resolution calls for the print-
ing of ten thousand copies of the report with
the testimony, the committee hare agreed,
under the instructions of the House, to report
in favor of printing one thousand copies ; and
while the original resolution calls for the print-
ing of fifty thousand copies of the report with-
, out the evidence, the committee have agreed
in favor of printing ten thousand.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether he has made any estimate
of the cost per copy of printing this report,
whether it will not cost somewhere in the
neighborhood of two dollars or two dollars
and fifty cents per copy.
Mr. LAFLIN. In answer to that question
I will state that without covers it is probable
the printing of the report, with the evidence,
will cost somewhere about seventy-five cents
per copy; with covers it will cost about one
dollar per copy. The report itself, without
the evidence, will cost about twenty-five cents
per copy.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have understood that
it will cost at least two dollars per copy.
Mr. LAFLIN. That is an entire mistake.
The gentleman will bear in mind that the Agri-
cultural Report does not cost anything like that
amount. It must be remembered that this work
has already been printed by order of the House,
and all the expense involved in furnishing ex-
tra copies is the price of the paper, the press-
work, and the binding.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the cost of the
Agricultural Report very much reduced in con-
sequence of the very large number which we
print; and should we print but ten or fifteen
thousand copies of this report, will it not cost,
in fact, at least two dollars per copy?
Mr. LAFLIN. I can state, for tie infor-
mation of the gentleman and of the House,
that, so far as regards the expense per copy
of these extra copies, it makes 110 difference
whether we print ten thousand or fifty thou-
sand or one hundred thousand, because the.
composition has already been done in order
to print the fifteen hundred and fifty copies
provided for by law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has a
very different idea on this subjeet- from- his
colleague on the committee.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, 11 now yield
five minutes of my time to the gentlernah from
Kentucky, [Mr. Shanklin,] and- I will then
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania,. [Mr. Broom all.]
message from the senate.-
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornby,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill (H. R. No. 737) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,. 1867,-
and for other purposes; had agreed to the con-
ference asked by the House, and had appointed
as conferees on the part of the Senate Messrs.
Sherman, Fessenden, and Johnson.
REPORT ON MEMPHIS RIOTS-—AGAIN.
Mr. SHANKLIN. Mr. Speaker, it-might
be supposed, inasmuch as I was a member of
the committee that made this report, that I
have some knowledge of what the majority re-
port contains; but I am under the necessity of
stating to this House that I have never seen,
and never had an opportunity of seeing, the
majority report in this case. The honorable
chairman of that committee [Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois,] has never thought proper, at any
time since the committee was appointed, to call
the committee together for the purpose of con-
sultation. On last Friday the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall,] a member of
the committee, inquired of me, as a member
of it, whether I had my minority report ready.
I told him that I had. I inquired whether the
majority report was ready to be presented. • He
said it was nearly so ; that the chairman was
sick and unable to give further attention to the
subject, and that the report had been deliv-
ered over to him to make such corrections as
he might think proper, after which it would be
presented. It was agreed between the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and myself that on last
Monday morning, at nine o'clock, we should
meet at the committee-room for the purpose
of comparing the majority report with the mi-
nority report. He was to have the oppor-
tunity to see the minority report and 1 was
to have the opportunity to see the majority re-
port. Under this agreement between my friend
from Pennsylvania and myself, I met him at
the committee-room at the hour appointed.
When I arrived he was there. I had my re-
port, which I had prepared and ready to sub-
mit to him, but he informed mo that the ma-
jority report had not yet been sent to him, but
that it would be forthcoming during the day.
He said that he would send for it. II was not
forthcoming that day nor even the next day.
I understood the gentleman that it would be
forthcoming soon and that I should have an
opportunity to see it. On the next evening I
was notified by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that the report would not be forthcoming
until it was offered in the House. I had no
opportunity to see the report. The privilege
of examining the majority report was denied
to me and my concurrence in that report was
refused.
Mr. Speaker, there is one fact of which I
am satisfied. If that report presents any mat-
ter peculiar or different from ordinary riots or
mobs I am satisfied that gentlemen must have
drawn upon their imaginations and not upon
the testimony. Whatever that report contains,
whether it is matter of public interest or not,
I am unable to say. I have never seen it or
been permitted to read it. My minority report
I insist is entirely based upon facts. It has
been subject to the inspection of any member of
the committee at any time they thought proper.
It is more than can be said, I am sorry to say,
for the report of the majoifiy.
The SPEAKER: The gentleman's-time has- •
expired, and the floor is rioW-aasfgned'to the"
gentleman from Pennsylvania for five minutes. "
Mr. BROOMALL. ' _ Mr, Speaker,- I"- have
only one thing to say in .answer to the pom-
plaint of the gentleman from Kentucky thlat the -
committee has not met him to consult about1
the report. It is within the knowledge"'of: the;
members of the House there has b.eerilo time
since the return <jf the committee -from, Mem-
phis when the three^ members have been preS;
ent in the House, in consequence of one or •
two or even the three of 'them having been ill-
probably from-the climate of Memphis and the
incessant labor imposed upon them in.taking
testimony. Now, the report was prepared by
thegentlenaan from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,]
the chairman of the committee. I myself con-
ferred with the gentleman from Kentucky with
respect to the report.. I also conferred -with
the gentleman from Illinois. If they do not
agree with one another it is no fault of mine.
With regard to what the gentleman has , said
that we have drawn from our imaginations if
we say this matter differs from ordinary mobs
or riots, I will say one word. Why, sir, there
was no riot in Memphis, notwithstanding the
terms of the resolution which1 was referred to
us. There was no riot, and it, is an abuse of
language to say so when the civil authorities
of a city of sixty thousand inhabitants con-
spired together to murder in open day unof-
fending citizens of the United States. I say it
is an abuse of language to call that a riot. It
was a massacre. It was a massacre by the
very persons who are asking now to be allowed
to participate in the government of the coun-
try. Why, sir, in those terrible three days in
Memphis there wore forty-eight murders com-
mitted upon unoffending American citizens by
the civil authorities of the city. The very
recorder of the city headed the mob, the very
last one in the world who should ■ have been
guilty of such a thing.
Mr. SHANKLIN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman has had
his five minutes, and I can yield to no one.
Ther^were besides five cases of rape upon
helpless and unoffending women under circum-,
stances that the gentleman himself united with
us in saying ought not to be put in the testimony.
It was too revolting and too horrible to be re-
peated anywhere. In those terrible throe days
there were deeds committed within that city,
by the civil authorities of the city, which'would
have made the famous "cities of the plain"
blush for the very insignificance of their in-
iquity. Yet these horrible massacres, these
murders, these rapes and robberies are called
a mere mob and riot. It will not do, sir.
Mr. Speaker, there ought to be printed at
least the number of reports mentioned in the
resolution which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Piinting; and I ask the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Laflin] to allow mo to make
the motion to double each of the numbers
contained in his report.
This subject does possess some political and
public significance. The great question now
before the country is whether the people of the
eleven States lately in rebellion are yet in a fit
condilion to be intrusted with a share in the
government of the country. The animus and
the spirit of the people enter into the inquiry.
The details of thi s report and testimony go to that
very spirit and that very animus of the leading
people of the city of Memphis. I do not won-
der that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Shanklin-] likes to shield his friends. 1 do not
wonder that peculiar means have been used—
I do not refer to the amiable gentleman, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, [Mr.
Laflin]— to prevent this report from getting
before the country at all.
Mr. SHANKLIN. I would ask my^ colleague
[Mr. Bkoomall] whether the proof does not
establish clearly and conclusively the fact that
the mass of the men engaged in these outrages
against the helpless colored people of the city
of Memphis were registered voters under the
