1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Certainly they "were de-
pleted of men; and I apprehend if this bill
passes we shall find that these regiments will
be depleted regiments ; they will be regiments
of the minimum and not the maximum number
of men. I think when we have our fifty regi-
ments, if we get them, we shall find them to
be fifty regiments of the minimum number and
not of the maximum.
I must say, after looking overHhis bill, .that
it appears to me more like a bill to provide for
officers than to provide for men. I must be
allowed to say it. t cannot go home to my
people and explain to them (although the Sen-
ator from Oregon may be able to do so to his
constituents) why wo need more oflicers to a
regiment in time of peace than we did wheu
they were in front of the enemy. We have
details from regiments, I know, to do this duty,
that duty, and the other duly, and we find
them at a great many places other than where
these men are. I am satisfied the amendment
Ought to be made.
Mr, SHERMAN. My attention has not been
previously called to this provision regarding
two majors to a regiment. It seems to me that
it. is the whole theory of our regimental and
company organizations, to provide two substi-
tutes for the commanding officer. Thus in a
company we provide for a first and second lieu-'
tenant. The old plan of having two«second
lieutenants was abandoned long since. Wo
provide two substitutes for the captain in the
first and second lieutenants; so in a regiment
we provide two substitutes for a colonel, a
lieutenanl colonel and a major. Three majors
were provided for the three-battalion regiments
for a very good reason; but it seems to me that
when all the regiments are to be reduced down
to six hundred or one thousand men, it is un-
necessary to provide for more than two con-
tingencies, a lieutenant colonel and a major.
It seems to me very hard to answer the argu-
ment, stated by the Senator from Iowa. You
certainly do not want to provide for more offi-
cers iu time of peace than you had (luring war.
It may he said that officers arc needed for de-
tails; but it should be lemembeivd that the
staff is very largely increased by this bill. The
inspector'sdepartment, the quartermaster's de-
partment, the pay department, and all the staff
departments are well provided for. 1 am there-
fore not disposed to add one major to all these
various regiments, fifty or sixty of tliem, at this
time.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that in the
ten old infantry regiments there are two majors
to each. We have simply in this respect fol-
lowed what already existed. When we made
the three-battalion regiments we had three
majors; we have two majors for the two-bat-
talion regiments. It has been the rule in the
Army; whether founded 011 good reasons 1
cannot say to-day, but 1 have always found
this, that the more I examined any matter con-
nected with the Army, I found there was a
reason, for it. Sometimes I did not under-
stand the reason at first, but when I came to
look into it and got back of it I began to find
that there was some pai ticular reason for it.
Mr. .SHERMAN. _ 1 only know this, that
in the regiments with whose organization I
ha\ebeen familiar, the volunteer regiments,
they have but one major. I did not know
until this moment that in the regular Army
there were two majors to a regiment. I can-
not see any reason for it. I think it is one of
those provisions that we might properly dis-
pense with. We might change the organiza-
tion of the regular Army to conform to the
organization of the volunteer army. An army
organized for war would probably contain as
many officers as are necessary for actual ser-
vice. I shall be disposed, therefore, as we are
now organizing the Army, if this is a feature
in the regular Army, to make it conform to the
volunteer organization.
The amendment was agreed to.
I he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Bnekalew, Chandler,
Conness, Cragin, i'essenden, Poster, Guthrie, John-
son, Lane of Indiana, Lano of Kansas, Morffan, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Norton. Poland, Pomeroy, B.amsey,
Sherman, Spraguc, Stockton, Surxmei, Trumbull, "Van
Winkle, Vv'.'kIo, Williams, and Wilson—XI.
NAYS—'Messrs. Davis, Grimes, Harris, Kirkwood,
and Riddle—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cowan, Crcswcll,
Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Henderson, Hendricks, How-
ard, Howe, McDousall, Nyo, Saulsbury, Stewart, Wil-
ley, Wright, and Yates—18.
So the bill was passed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 255) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the year ending June 30, 1867,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. W. Iv. Meiiaffy, one ofits Clerks,
announced that the Speaker of the House of
Representatives had signed an enrolled bill
(II. R. No. 151) to further secure American
citizens certain privileges under the treaty of
Washington; and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore.
reconstruction committee's reports.
Mr. ANTHON Y submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Rrsolvcd, That ten thousand copics of the reports
of thu joint committee oil reconstruction, with the
accompanying evidence, bo printed for the use of the
Senate.
admission of colorado.
Mr. WILSON. I rise for the purpose of
entering a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill for the admission of Colorado
'was rejected. I do not wish to press the mo-
tion now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will bo entered.
naval appropriation rill.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I desire to give notice
to the Senate that if there be no particular ob-
jection 1 shall ask the Senate to-morrow alone
o'clock to take up the naval appropriation bill.
I shall not move to make it the special order
for t hat hour, but simply give notice that I shall
then ask the Senate to take it up.
court 01? claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. o'o) in relation to the Court of Claims,
has been returned from the House of Repre-
sentati\es with an amendment. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, if
there be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not necessary to
refer it. The amendment of the House simply
directs the clerk of the Court of Claims to re-
port their decisions to the executive officers of
the Government. There can be no objection
to it, I am sure. I move that we proceed to
consider it at this time and that we agree to the
amendment of the House.
Mr. J OHNSON. I ask to have that amend-
ment, read:
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add to the bill—
Sf.C. 3. And be it .further enantrd, That at, the cud of
every term of the Court of Claims the clerk of said
court transmit a copy of the decisions thereof to the
heads of Departments, to the Solicitor, Comptrollers,
and Auditors of ttie Treasuiy, to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office and of Indian Affairs, and the
chiefs of bureaus, and i o other officers charged with
adjusting claims against the United States.
The amendment was concurred in.
boundaries op nevada.
_ Mr. STEWART. I move to take up Senate
bill No. loo. It is a bill in regard to the bound-
aries of the State of Nevada, reported from the
Committee on Territories. It was passed at
the last session in the same form, and failed
in the House of Representatives for want of
time. I desire to have it passed now.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 15-5) concerning the boundaries of the State
of Nevada, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The first section declares that, as provided
for and consented to in the constitution of the
State of Nevada, all that territory and tract, of
land adjoining the present eastern boundary
of that State, and lying between the thirty-sev-
enth and the forty-second degrees of north lati-
tude and west of the thirty-seventh degree of
longitude west of Washington, is hereby added
to and made part of the State of Nevada.
The second section proposes to add to and
make a part of the State of Nevada all that
extent of territory lying within the following
boundaries: commencing on the thirty-seventh •
degree of north latitude, at the thirty-seventh
degree of longitude west from Washington, and
running thence south on that degree of longi-
tude to the middle of the river Colorado of the
West; thence down the middle of that river to
, the eastern boundary of the State of California;
thence northwesterly along the boundary of
California to the thirty-seventh degree of north
latitude ; and thence east along that degree of
latitude to the point of beginning ; but the ter-
ritory mentioned in this section is not to be-
come a part of the State of Nevada until that
State shall, through its Legislature, consent
thereto.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered fo be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
national militia.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. Ill, to provide for the national defense
by establishing a uniform militia and organiz-
ing an activc volunteer militia force through-
out the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has his bill now under consideration,
and it will come up as the order to-morrow.
I move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 14, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Ilev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. .
order of business.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to occupy one
moment with a personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihaveno
objection to that.
'Mr. WINDOM. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it not
a question of privilege which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] wishes to present?
If so, he has the right to bring it before the
House.
_ Mr. SPALDING. It "is very nearly a ques-
tion of privilege.
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege is
one affecting the right of a member to his seat.
Mr. SPALDING. I know that this is not
technically a question of privilege ; but if the
gentleman from Minnesota knew what it is, I
feel confident that he would not object.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Minnesota withdraw his objection ?
Mr. WINDOM. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to object.
"The first business in order is the bill pending
at the conclusion of the morning hour yester-
