322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
cheapest way by which you can save this race
from starvation and destruction is to educate
them. They will then soon become self-sus-
taining. The report of the Freedmen's Bureau
shows that to-day more than seventy thousand
black children are being taught in the schools
which have been established in the South. We
shall not long have to support any of these
blacks out of the public Treasury if we educate
and furnish them land upon which they can
make a living for themselves. This is a very
different thing from taking the land of A and
giving it to B by an act of Congress.
But the Senator is most alarmed at those sec-
tions of this bill which confer judicial authority
upon the officers and agents of the Freedmen's
Bureau. He says if this authority can be exer-
eised there is an end to all the reserved rights
of the States, and this Government may do any-
thing. Not at all, sir. The authority, as I have
already shown, to be exercised under the sev-
enth and eighth sections is a military authority,
to be exerted only in regions of country where
the civil tribunals are overthrown, and not
there after they are restored. It is the same
authority that we have been exercising all the
time in the rebellious States; it is the same au-
thority by virtue of which General Grant issued
the order which I have just read. Here is a
perfect and complete answer to the objection
that is made to the seventh and eighth sections.
But the Senator says that these sections, he
supposes, derive their authority, in my opinion,
from the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. Sir, I think that amendment
does confer authority to enact these provisions
into law and execute them, not through the mil-
itary tribunals, but through the judicial tribu-
nals in any State of the Union. What, was the
object of the constitutional amendment abol-
ishing slavery ? It was not, as the Senator says,
simply to take away the power of the master
over the slave. Did wo not mean something
more than that? Did we not mean that here- j
after slavery should not exist, no matter whether
the servitude was claimed as due to an individ-
ual or the State? The constitutional amend-
ment abolishes just as absolutely all provisions
of Slate or local law which make a man a slave
as it takes away the power of his former master
to control him.
I f the construction put by the Senator from
Indiana upon the amendment be the true one,
and wo have merely taken from the master the
power to control the slave and left, him at the
mercy of the State to bo deprived of his civil
rights, the trumpet of freedom that we have
been blowing throughout, the land has given an
"uncertain sound," and the promised freedom
is a delusion. _ Such was not the intention of
Congress, which proposed the constitutional
amendment, nor is such the fair meaning of
the amendment itself. With the destruction of
slavery necessarily follows the destruction of the
incidents to slavery. When slavery was abol-
ished, slave codes in its support were abolished
also.
Those laws I hat prevented the colored man
going from home, that did n ot allow him to buy
or to sell, or to make contracts: that did nob
allow him to own property ; that did not allow ;
him to enforce rights; that did not allow him to i
be educated, were all badges of servitude made ,
in the interest of slavery and as a part of sla- i
very. They never would have been thought of >
or enacted am-where but for slavery, and when !
slavery falls they fall also. The policy of the
States where slavery has existed has been to |
legislate in its interest: and out of deference |
to slavery, which was tolerated by the Oonsti- j
tution of the United States, even some of the i
non-slaveholding States passed laws abridging !
the rights of the colored man which were re- 1
stramts upon liberty. When slavery goes, all
this system of legislation, devised in the inf cr-
est of slavery and for the purpose of degrading '
the colored race,^ of keeping the negro in ig-
norance, of blotting out trom his very soul the
light of reason, if that were possible, that he j
might not think, but know only, like the ox, to '
labor, goes with it, * :
Now, when slavery no longer exists, the pol-
icy of the Government is to legislate in the in-
terest of freedom. Now, our laws are to be
enacted with a view to educate, improve, en-
lighten, and Christianize the negro; to make him
an independent man; to teach him to think and
to reason; to improve that principle which the
great Author of all has implanted, in every hu-
man breast, which is susceptible of the highest
cultivation, and destined to go on enlarging and
expanding through the endless ages of eternity.
I have no doubt that under this provision of
the Constitution wc may destroy all these dis-
criminations in civil rights against the black
man; and if we cannot, our constitutional
amendmentamountsto nothing. Itwasforthat
purpose that the second clause of that amend-
ment was adopted, which says that Congress
shall have authority, by appropriate legislation,
to carry into effect the article prohibiting sla-
very. Who is to decide what that appropriate
legislation is to be? The Congress of the Uni-
ted States; and it is for Congress to adopt such
appropriate legislation as it may think proper,
so that it be a means to accomplish the end. If
we belie ve a F reed men's Bureau necessary, if we
believe an act punishing any man who deprives
a colored person of any civil rights on account
of his color necessary—if that is one means to
secure his freedom, we have the constitutional
right to adopt it. If in order to prevent sla-
very Congress deem it necessary to declare null
and void all laws which will not permit the col-
ored man to contract, which will not permit him
to testify, which will not permit him to buy
and sell, and to go where he pleases, it has the
power to do so, and not only the power, but
it becomes its duty to do so. That is what is
provided to be done by this bill. Its provis-
ions are temporary ; but there is another bill on
. our table, somewhat akin to this, which is in-
tended to be permanent, to extend to all parts
of the country, and to protect persons of all
i aces in equal civil rights.
But, says tho Senator from Indiana, we have
laws in Indiana prohibiting black people from
marrying whites, and are you going to disregard
these laws? Are our laws enacted for the pur-
pose of preventing amalgamation to be disre-
garded, and is a man to be punished because
he undertakes to enforce them? 1 beg the Sen-
ator from Indiana to read the bill. One of its
objccts is to secure the same civil rights and
subject to the same punishments persons of all
races and colors. IIow does this interfere with
the law of Indiana preventing marriages be-
tween whiles and blacks? Are not both races
treated alike by the law of Indiana? Does not
the lawmake it, just, as much a crime for a white
man to marry a black woman as for a black
woman to marry a white man. and vice versa?
I presume there is no discrimination in this re-
spect, and therefore your law forbidding mar-
riages between whites and blaeksoperatesalike
on both races. This bill does not interfere with
it. If the negro is denied the right to marry a
white person, the white person is equally de-
nied the right to marry 1 lie negro. I see no
discrimination against either m 1 his respect that
does not apply to both. .Make the penalty the
same on all classes of people for the same of-
fense, and then no one can complain.
My object in bringing lbi ward these bills was
to bring to the attention of Congress something
that was practical, something upon which I
hoped we all could agree. 1 have said nothing
in these hills which are pending, and which
have been recommended by the Committee on
the Judiciary—and I speak of both of them
because they have both been alluded to in this
di^-usMon—about the political rights of the ne- '
gro. On that subject it is known that there ore
differences of opinion, but I trust there are no
differences of opinion among the friends of the
constitutional amendment, among those who
arc for real freedom to the black man, as to his >
being entitled to equality in civil rights. If that
! is not going as far as some gentlemen would j
; desire, 1 say to them it is a step in the right di-
j reetion. Let us go that tar, and, going that far, |
1 we have the cooperation of the executive de- I
partment, for the President lias told us in his
annual message:
" Certainly the Government of the United States is
a limited Government; and so is every State govern-
ment a limited government. With us this idea of
limitation spreads through every form of administra-
tion, General, State, and municipal, and rests on the
great distinguishing principle of tho recognition of
the rights of man. The ancient republics absorbed
the individual in the State, prescribed his religion,
and controlled his activity. The American system
rests on the assertion of tho equal right of every man
to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, to free-
dom of conscience, to the culture and exercise of all
his faculties. As a consequence, the State govern-
ment is limited, as to the General Government in tho
interest of union, as to tho individual citizen in the
interest of freedom."
The President further says:
"Good faith requires the security of the freedmon
in their liberty and their property, their right to labor,
and their right to claim the just return of their labor.
I cannot too strongly urge a dispassionate treatment
of this subject, which should be carefully kept aloof
from all party strife." * * * * *
" Tho public interest will be best promoted, if the
several States will provide adequate protection and
remedies for the freedmcn." * *
" Monopolies, perpetuities, and class legislation are
contrary to the genius of free government, and ought
not to be allowed. Here there is no room for favored
classes or monopolies; the principle of our Govern-
ment is that of equal laws and freedom of industry.
Wherever monopoly attains a foothold, it is sure to
beasoureeof danger, discord, and trouble. Weshall
but fulfill our duties as legislators by according ' equal
and exact justice to all men,' spccial privileges to
none."
Such, sir, is the language of the President of
the United States in his annual message, and
who in this Chamber that is in favor of the
freedom of the slave is not in favor of giving
him equal and exact justice before the law?
Sir, we can go along hand in hand together to
the consummation of this great object of secur-
ing to every human being within the jurisdiction
of the liepublic equal rights before the law, and
I preferred to seek for points of agreement be-
tween all the departments of Government,
rather than to hunt for points of divergence. 1
have not said anything in my remarks about re-
construction. I have not attempted to discuss
the question whether these States are in the
Union or out of the Union, and so much has
been said upon that subject that I am almost
ready to exclaim, with one of old, "I know not
whethertliey are in the body or out of the body ;
God knoweth." It is enough for me to know
that the Siate organizations in several States of
the Union have been usurped and overthrown,
and that up to the present time no State organ-
ization has been inaugurated in either of them
which the various departments of Government
or any department of the Government has rec-
ognized as placing the States in fall possession
of all the constitutional rights pertaining to
States in foil communion with the Union.
The Executive has not recognized any one,
for he still continues to exercise military juris-
diction' and to suspend the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus in all of them. Congress has
not recognized any of them, as we all know;
and until Congress and the Executive do recog-
nize them, let us make use of the Freedmen's
Bureau, already established, to protect the col-
ored race in their rights ; and when these States
shall be admitted, and the authority of the
Freedmen's Bureau as a court shall cease and
determine, as it must when Civil authority is
fully restored, let us provide, then, by other
laws forprotecting all people in their ecjual civil
rights before the law. If we can pass such meas-
ures, they receive executive sanction, and it
shall be understood that it is the policy of tho
Government that the rights of the colored men
are to be protected by the States if they will,
| but by the Federal Government if they will not;
J that at all hazards and under all circumstances
j there shall be impartiality among all classes in
j civil rights throughout the land—if we can do
, this, much of the apprehension and anxiety
! now existing in the loyal States will be allayed,
j and a great obstacle to an early restoration of
1 the insurgent States to their constitutional re-
| lations in the Union will be removed.
I If the people in the rebellious States can be
made to understand that it is the fixed and de-
termined policy of the Government that the col-
ored people shall be protected in their civil
