1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm,
the right to call for the reading of that upon
■which he is required to vote ?
The SPEAKER. It was decided in the Thirty-
Fourfh Congress, by Mr. Speaker Banks, that,
the House having before it the report of a com-
mittee of confercnce, no member had the right
to demand the reading' of the original bill; and
that decision was sustained by a majority of the
House.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhead] will give
us some explanation of this matter.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I must insist on the
previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will give us no explanation of
the report I must move to lay it upon the
table, because I do not know what it is. This
is too important a matter to take everything
for granted.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 33, nays 68, not voting
75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Baker, Benjamin,
Cobb, Cooper,Dofrees.Eldridge, Knelt, Glossbrenner,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan, Ingersoll, Knsson,
Kerr, Kuykendall, Leftwich, Marshall, Ntblack,
Nicholson, Price, Radford. Alexander II. Rice, Rog-
ers, RosS, Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Robert
T. Van Horn, Wentworth, and Winfield—33.
KAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley, Banks,
Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwe-ll, Bromwell,
Broomall, Conkling, Cullom, Delano, Dumont, Kck-
ley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, tcar-
field, Abner C..IIarding, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Holmes,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell. Julian, Kellev, Ketcham.Koontz,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Marston, Maynard. McClurg, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'jSeill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Plants, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, bcofield, Shella-
bargor, Spalding, Stokes, Strouse, Nathaniel tr. tay-
lor, John L. Thomas, Van Aernain, Burt Van Horn,
Ward, Welker, and Whaley—68.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin. Barker, Beaman, Bergen,
Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Brandegce, Buckland, Bundy,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Demmg,
Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, lerry,
Goodyear, Grider, Grlnnell, Griswold, Hale, Hen-
derson, Hill, Hotchlriss. Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell. Hulburd, Humphrey,
Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Lntlm, Le Blond,
Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, McCullough, Mclndoe,
McKco, McRuer, Moulton, Noel], Patterson Pike,
Porneroy, William H. Randall, Raymond Ritter,
Schenck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stevens, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Warner, EIihuB. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, Wood-
bridge, and W right—75.
So the House refused to lay the report on
the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted 5 and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hon. david t. tattbrson.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order to
be the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 144, in relation to
the admission of Hon. David T. Patterson to
a seat in the Senate; which^ was read a first
and second time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the Clerlao read
the resolution. .
The resolution was read. It provides lor
the admission of Hon. David T. Patterson, a
Senator-elect .from Tennessee, to a seat upon
taking the usual oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and so much of the
act prescribing an oath of office, and for other
purposes, approved July 2, 1662, as shall not
include the following words: " I have neither
sought nor accepted nor attempted to exercise
the functions of any office whatever under any
authority, or pretended authority, m hostility
to the United States."
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to be in-
formed whether the report of the Senate Judi-
ciary Committee is on the Clerk's table.
The SPEAKER. It is here informally.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that it be read as
a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were
referred the credentials of Hon. David T. Patter-
son, Senator-elect from the State of Tennessee, with
instructions to report whether said Patterson is
legally qualified to hold the office of United States
Senator from said' State, have had the same under
consideration, and respectfully report as follows :
The only question in relation to the qualifications
of Mr. Patterson, or his right to hold his seat in the
Senate, arises from the fact of his having held the
ofiicc of circuit judge in tho State of Tennessee after
that State had passed an ordinance of secession and
become a member of the confederacy.
Circuit judges in Tennessee are elected by tho peo-
ple of the several circuits, and hold their offices for
the term of eight years.
Judge Patterson was elected judge in one of the
circuits in eastern Tennessee in May, 1854, and his
term of office had not expired when the State passed
the ordinance of secession. The constitution of the
State of Tennessee remained the same after the se-
cession of the State as before, and there was no change
madein theform oftheStategovernment,orintheir
judicial system. A large majority of the people of
East Tenncssco wero ardently devoted to the Union,
and deemed it very important for their interest and
that of the Union cause that the civil offices in that
section of the State should be filled with Union men.
Judge Patterson was a firm, avowed, and influen-
tial Union man, and he was urgently pressed by tho
Union men of that circuit to run as a candidate for
reelection as circuit judge, and I10 finally, though re-
luctantly, consented to do so. The opposing candi-
date was an avowed secessionist., and the issue in tho
election was between Union and secession. The elec-
tion was held in May, 1862, and Judgo Patterson was
elected over his rebel competitor by a large majority.
At tho same election most of tile local offices in that
section were filled by the election of Union men. At
that time it was believed by tho Union men of East
Tennessee that they wouldsoon be rolievod from rebel
military rule by thearrival of Union forces: and they
desired also to retain the civil power in their own
hands. In this expectation they were disappointed,
and soon rebel bands were scattered through thatie-
gion, and the Union people were subjected to great
hardships and cruel oppression. When Judge Pat-
terson was thus reelected judge, ho did not suppose
he would be commissioned by the Governor of the
State, who was a secessionist; but, after some consid-
erable delay a commission was sent to him.with per-
emptory orders to take the oath. On the receipt of
his commission and order to take tho oath J uuge
Patterson delayed and hesitated, and consulted other
leading Union men as to theproper course for himto
take. They advised and urged him to take the oath;
that he could thereby afford protection to somo extent
to Union men against acts of lawless violence on the
part of the rebels, and that if he did not accept tho
office and take tho oath the officewould be filled by a
rebel, and they would then bo oppressed by the civil
as well as the military power of the rebels. Judge
Patterson yielded to their urgency and arguments,
and went before a magistrate and took the oath which
the Tennessee Legislature had prescribed, which, m
substance, was that he would support the constitu-
tion of Tennessee and theconstitutionof the confed-
erate States. Judge Patterson declared at the time
to the magistrate that he owed no allegiance to the
confederate government and that hedid noteonsider
that part of the oath as binding him at all. At this
time there were rebel troops in the neighborhood,
and Judge Patterson had good reason to believe that
his refusal to take the oath would subject him to ar-
rest and imprisonment, if not worse treatment; but
we do not find that he was actuated at all by personal
considerations, but acted solely upon the motive that
he could thereby afford somo aid and protection to
the Union people, and also prevent the othce from
falling into hands that would use it to oppress them.
East Tennessee at this time was m a very disturbed
and distracted condition. The country was full ot
bands of armed rebels, and lawless violence held
swav. Business was nearly suspended, and no civil
business was done in the courts. 4 Judge 1 atterson
held a few terms of court in.counties where he could
organize grand juries of Union men, and m this way
did something toward preserving peace and order m
the community. No other business wasdoneby him,
as iudge, after his election in 1862.
During all this time Judge Patterson was an open,
avowed, and devoted adherent to the ^rU2^'-. ifThX
in constant communication with the officers of the
Fed era! troops nearest that'Vicimty, andobtamed and
furnished to them information as to the movements
of the rebels. He aided in concealing Union men,
and in facilitating their escape to the Union lines,
when they generally entered the Union service, lie
aided the Union people and the Union cause in ever}
wav open to him, and too numerous for detail, liy
these means he became amenable to the hostility ot
the secessionists, and was subjected to great difficulty
and danger. Ho was several times arrested and held
for some time in custody. At times he was obliged
to conceal himself for safety, and spend nights in out
buildings and in the woods to avoid their vengeance.
In September, 1863, the Federal troops, reached
ICnoxville, and Judge Patterson succpeded 111 escap-
ing with his family to that place, and did not return
to his home until after the close of the rebellion.
As before stated, the constitution and election laws
and judicial system of Tennessee remained the same
after the secession of the State as before, and Judge
Patterson was elected judge the last time under tho
same State constitution and laws as existed at his
first election, and no law was enforced by him as
judge except such as were in force before the seces-
sion of the State.
The committee are all satisfied that, during tha
entire rebellion, Judge Patterson was an earnest,
firm, and devoted Union man, and suffered severely
in support of his principles, in accepting the offico
of judge, and taking the official oath, he aid not in- ,
tend any hostility to the authority or Government
of tho United States, nor did he intend to acknowl- .
edge any allegiance to or any friendship for, tha
confederate government, but acted throughout with
a sincere desire to benefit and preserve the Union and ;
tho Government of tho United States. He always
denied the authority of the confederate government
over him, and feels an entire willingness and ability
to take the oath required upon his admission to a
seat in the Senate. The committee recommend the
following resolution:
Resolved, That Hon. David T. Patterson is duly
qualified and entitled to hold a seat in the Senate
of the United States as a Senator from the State of
Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, a friend has
just asked me, privately, the question whether,
if I did not live in Tennessee, I would be ih
favor of this joint resolution. Not having had
time to make a reply privately, I will state
here, publicly, if I had not lived in Tennessee
it would -have been impossible for me so to
have understood the facts and the general
merits of the case as to have seen it in the
same light and with the same clearness of
vision that I seem to myself to see it now.
The transactions of the last few years in many
portions of our country, and particularly in that
portion where these occurrences took place,
have been such that they could be appreciated
only by being made matter of personal con-
sciousness. Very early in the struggle it was
ascertained that a very large proportion, more,
probably, than three fourths of the people of
that portion of Tennessee known as East Ten-
nessee, embracing thirty-one counties, with a
white population of two hundred and seventy
thousand and a black population, free and
slave, of thirty thousand, making a total pop-
ulation of three hundred thousand, were de-
termined adherents to the Government of tho
United States. That fact was ascertained by
the ballot-box and in various ways which 1
will not now take time to explain.
The earnest struggle on the part of the se-
cessionists, as they were called at that time,
was by force or by fraud to get hold of the
machinery of the Government. By having the
means of enacting the usual forms of law and
the ordinary agencies forgiving them practical
effect, they would thereby gain a great moral
advantage among a population that had long
been accustomed to reverence and respect tho
laws of tho land. Of course the Union people
were equally determined to prevent their get-
ting the control of the offices. They could do
it only by force or by fraud. Several of the
important offices were filled by rebels. We
had four judicial circuits, with four circuit
judges. The circuit court in our Stato_ being
the court of general jurisdiction, civil and
criminal. Two of these circuit judges
rebels and two of them were Union men. Of
the latter Judge Patterson was one. He had
been on the bench ever since 1854, stood high
in the confidence of the people and of the pro-
fession. His term of office expired in 1862.
Tho rebel military power was then in posses-
sion of the county. War had been going on
something like twelve months, long enough to
.demonstrate to the Union people the advant-
age of having the offices filled by their own
men, and especially offices so important as
that of judge. In due course of events the
election came round, and at the instance of
Union men Judge Patterson became a candi-
date and was reelected to the office. j he cir-
cumstances of his election have been detailed
very fully and at length in the report just read.
I left East Tennessee on the 1st of August,
1861, havingbeen elected to the Thirty -Seventh
Congress. I left Judge Patterson there as a
well known and universally recognize'i lo/al
Union man. From his high official position
as well as his personal character and his family
relations he had necessarily a wide and com-
