1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3307
products, and the resources of the several States
of the Union, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the board of trust-
ees of the Indiana Agricultural College, pray-
ing for a modification or change of the act of
July 2, 1862, granting to the several States a
quantity of land for the building of agricult-
ural colleges, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Dr. Henry Clok,
late a veterinary surgeon in the United States
Army, in relation to his experience in the
treatment of the rinderpest, and tendering his
services, whenever they may be required, in
arresting its progress, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No.*861) to authorize W. J. Sibley and
others, trustees, to sell and convey lot No. 9,
in square No. 70, in the city of Washington,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Lewis Dyer, lato surgeon in the eighty-first
regiment Illinois volunteers, praying for com-
pensation for services rendered the Govern-
ment in that capacity, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 383) for the relief
of Lewis Dyer, M. D., late surgeon of the
eighty-first regiment Illinois volunteers. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the petition ol' Sarah A. Monroe,
widow of the late Rev. T. II. W. Monroe, pray-
ing that she may be allowed compensation for
services alleged to have been rendered by her
husband as chaplain in East Washington Meth-
odist Episcopal Church Hospital while it was
in possession of the Government, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
1 MRS, ABBY GREEN.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs. Abby
Green, praying for relief, have instructed me
to report a joint resolution (S. R. No._112) for
the relief of Mrs. Abby Green. This is a case
which appeals in the strongest degree to the
justice and to the generosity of Congress. It
is a joint resolution for the relief of a woman
in Richmond through whose agency one hun-
dred and nine of our men escaped from the
Libby prison. The services which she rendered
to them were at the risk of her life, and at the
sacrifice of her property. The committee hav-
ing had the amplest testimony to the fact, from
Colonel Streight, and the other officers who
escaped through her exertions, have instructed
me to report a joint resolution granting her
§1,500, which is the same amount that was
paid to another woman who well deserved it,
but who did not render so much service as this
lady. I ask for its present, consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read twice by its title and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. As it appears
from the evidence of General H. C. Hobart,
Colonel A. D. Streight, and Captain John F.
Porter, jr., late of the United States Army,
that Mrs. Abby Green, then of Richmond, Vir-
ginia, by her courage, patriotic devotion, and
assistance, from May, 1863, to February, 1864,
in enabling one hundred and nine officers and
soldiers of the United States to make their
escape from the Libby prison in Richmond, Vir-
ginia, and from the hands of our enemies, has
deserved well of the country, the joint resolu-
tion proposes that the sum of §1,500 be paid
to her, her heirs, or administrator in compen-
sation for her services.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to bn en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 381) to amend an act entitled "An act to
authorize the sale of marine hospitals and rev-
enue-cutters," approved April 20,1866; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 382) to change the place of holding court
in the northern district of Georgia; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that that bill be
printed and go upon the Calendar, as it has
already been considered in committee.
It was so ordered.
NATIONAL PARK PRESIDENTIAL MANSION.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following resolu-
tion of inquiry, and ask for its present consid-
eration :
Rcmhrd, That the Committee on tho District of
Columbia bo instructed to inquire into tho expe-
diency of the United States acquiring the title to tho
land between Maryland avenue and Pennsylvania
avenue, cast of the Capitol to Nineteenth street, for
the purposes of a national park in which to erect a
new presidential mansion, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Just such a resolution as
that is already before the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And they now have
the subject, under consideration.
Mr. YVADE. I am told that the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds have this
subject under consideration, and 1 will change
the reference of the inquiry to that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will
require an alteration of the phraseology of the
resolution inasmuch as the resolution directs
the inquiry to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to amend it, then, by
striking out " Committee on the District of
Columbia" and inserting "Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be so amended at the instance of
the mover.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
PRINTING Of BILLS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up the post
route bill.
Mr. CRAGTN. Before that is done I desire
to have an order to print two bills which I in-
troduced yesterday and which were then referred
to the Committee on tho District of Columbia,
Senate bills Nos. 377 and 378. I move that
they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If there is no further
morning business, I desire to move to take up
for consideration 
Mr. C0NNESS. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator that the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads are very anxious to pass the annual
post route bill this morning ; it will excite no
discussion. The committee desire to have it
sent to the other House as soon as possible.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 wish to take up a pri-
vate claim, but I give way to that.
Mr. CONNESS. I move, then, to take up
Senate bill No. 369.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota has already made that
motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 369) to establish certain post roads, was
read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was road at length.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. The committee have sev-
eral amendments, and I believe it is first in
order for them to submit their amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ There are
no amendments reported with the bill. _
Mr. RAMSEY. But the committee instruct
me to move certain amendments. I move to
insert, after the forty-seventh line, on page 3,
under the head of " Minnesota:"
From Monticcllo via Buffalo to Watortown. ,
From Buffalo via Maple Lako to Fremont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. The committee further in-
struct me to move this amendment to come in
at the close of the bill as now printed.
Illinois:
From Winchester to Manchester.
From Elkhart, in Logan county, to Sweotwater, in
Minard county.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now offer my amend-
ment, to come in at the close of tho bill:
Indiana:
From Nashville, in tho county of Brown, to Mor-
gantown,in the county of Morgan.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after line one hundred and two,
under the head of " West Virginia:"
From Sago, in Upshur county, to Huttonsville, in
Randolph county.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose the following
amendment at the end of line eighty-nine,
under the head of "Oregon:"
From Canon City, via Susanvillc, Elk district,
True's Station,Olin Crock,Independence, and Oborn
to Bake City.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] that he de-
sires to make certain amendments to this bill,
but has not the memoranda with him to enable
him to do so; Jie desires, therefore, to have
the bill laid over for to-day. It is quite agree-
able to the committee to let it pass over in-
formally.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will bo postponed until to-morrow if there be
no objection. The bill is so postponed.
PAYMENT Ol' ARMY SUPPLIES.
Mr. POLAND. I move that Senate bill No.
217 bo taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
217) to provide for the payment for quarter-
master's stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to the Army of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe this bill was up
before. It is a very important bill certainly.
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir ; it is a bill of some
importance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any written
report accompanying tho bill ?
Mr. POLAND. There is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow it to lay over until to-morrow. It is a
very important matter.
Mr. POLAND. I can hardly allow that. I
have been at work for about three months try-
ing to get it before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have it read. then.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill read, at any rate, before the vote is taken
on its passage. I hope it will either be read
at the desk or that I shall be allowed time to
read it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Beit enactal, &<•„ That all claims of loyal persons,
not exceeding S500, for quartermaster's stores actu-
ally furnished to tho Army of the United States and
receipted for by the proper officer receiving the same,
or which may have been taken by such officer with-
out giving such receipt, may be submitted to the
Quartermaster Genera! of tho United States, accom-
