Tfflg OLO-BE.
July' 27,
mantling influence: I retpt>ned: to East Ten-
nessee' in October,. J8§3j'- shortly. after our
troops bad taken- possession • under' the com'
mand of General'Burnside.' I found him there-
a. determined loyaj roans and he remained-such
until the downfall'of tto rebellion. What oc-
curred' .in- the interval" of'my absence I cannot
speak- of fr.ota personal know-ledge, .but his acts•
were of public notoriety, and as such I can con-
firm in general terms .wjrat is stated in the Senate
committee's report-. He .comes to- the Senate-
upon this state of factsi The'joint resolution
now before us for action progosestorelieveliim
from a certain provision of what is called the
test oath, or more properly the official oath
enactcd in 1862 for Federal officers, which re-
quires that the officer-shall swear, "I have
neither sought nor- accepted nor- attempted to
exercise the functions of any office whatever
under any authority, or pretended authority, in
hostility to the United' States." If I may be
pardoned For violating a well-known rule of
this body, which forbids a reference to what
passes in the other wing of the Capitol, I will
respectfully suggest that the facts stated in that
report do not prevent the applicant from taking
the oath with a clear conscience. The action
of the Senate, however, in order to relieve him
from any imputation that might possibly be
thrown out by giving a different construction
to the oath, has resulted in the joint resolution
before us.
It will be observed that it is not predicated
upon the fact that Judge Patterson, when en-
tering upon his second judicial term, took an
oath to support the southern confederacy. If
there was anything in that to embarrass him,
he is not relieved by this joint resolution. All
that it proposes to do is to relieve him from the
disqualifications occasioned by his holding the
office of judge. The construction that I have
always given to this part of the oath—and I
have had occasion to discuss it in various
places, at various times—is this: not that an
office was held, but that it was held "in hostil-
ity to the United States," constitutes the dis-
qualification.
Mr. LOAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask whether the taking of the oath to sup-
port the constitution of the so-called confed-
erate States ot America is not so expressed in
the joint resolution?
Mr. MAYNAKD. I do not think this joint
resolution makes any reference to the taking
of the oath. It simply relieves him from
swearing that he held no office.
_ ilr. LOAN. Is it not so expressed in the
joint resolution and report of the committee
that has been read?
_ Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will bear
in mind that this joint resolution does not re-
lieve Judge Patterson from any supposed dis-
qualification by reason of taking that oath;
i t only relieves him from the disqualification
that may arise from the fact that he held office,
and, as I was about to remark, it seems to me
that the disqualifying fact is not having held
ouicc, but having held it "in hostility to the
united States." Now, I might suppose the
t case—and it is not difficult to do so—of a man
who has been sent inside of the enemy's lines
as a spy. In order the better to accomplish
his purpose he might become a rebel soldier,
and take the oath as such. He might bo ap-
pointed to some office, high or. low, and exer-
cise the functions of that office, not "in hos-
tility," but in friendship to the United States,
and "in hostility" to the confederacy. Such
was the case in this instance.
Mr. LYNCH. I would ask the gentleman
if the confederate government was not hostile
to the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. The term confederate
"government" is one that I have never used.
I have never recognized the authority of the
southern confederacy as a "government."
Certainly, however, the southern confederacy,
call it by whatever name you please, was di-
rectly in hostility to the Government of the
united States.
Mr. LYNCH. I call the gentleman's atten-
tion to' that part of the oath which this joint
resolution'proposes to relieve Judge Patterson
from taking:
" X have never sought or accepted or attempted to
exercise the functions of-any office whatever under
any authority or protended authority hostile to the
United States."
Mr, MAYNABD. The gentleman does not
:read the language.precisely as it stands in the
statute; It-is not'"hostile to" but "in hostility
to."' The difference'betw'ecn the constructiori
he intimates and; mine is as to- what the words
" in ho6t-ility!to the United States" qualify. I
maintain'thiittheyido not qualify the word "au-
thority," but-the words-expressing the action,
thus:
"I liaveneither sought nor accepted nor attempted
to exercise the functions of any offico 'in hostility to
the United'States.'"
Mr. LYNCH. "Under any authority."
Mr. MAYNAED. The language is "under
any authority, or pretended authority;" and
the words " in hostility to the United States,"
are to be taken to qualify the action of the
party and not the "authority." But in this
instance the oath is entirely out of-the question.
In the case of Judge Patterson, though it
might be said in one sense that a man seeks
office when he consents to be a candidate, yet
he did not in any just and proper and true
sense seek it. It was thrust upon him by, I
had almost said, the moral duress of the loyal
Union men of that part of the country, of his
district. They had-by this time learned the
importance of having the office in the hands
of a friend. They had the numerical power
at the ballot-box, and they determined to use
it for their own protection by electing a friend.
Judge Patterson had already stood their
friend, and they insisted upon his retaining
the position, if nothing else, he could nega-
tively protect them by keeping the office out
of rebel hands, that could use it for the oppres-
sion of the Unionists. And in fact this was
about^ all he was able to do, as I understand
very little business was transacted in his court
during the rebel sway; and after the occupa-
tion of East Tennessee by General Burnside,
he remained within our lines, and, I think,
never held his courts again. His is not the
ease, only too common in parts of the south,
of a professed Union man succumbing to the
power of treason, under the miserable plea
that he must go with his section. Nor is it
the case, also quite too common, of one who,
despairing of the Union cause, made haste to
give in his adhesion to what he considered
successful treason. Nor yet of one, too greedy
of the honors and emoluments- of office, was
willing to accept it from any quarter. He
made no concessions to the cause of treason.
He never lowered his flag.- Always was he
known and recognized as hostile to the enemies
of his country. More than once was he in
arrest by them. A suit is now pending to
recover damages of leading rebels for pro-
curing his arrest. A letter from the rebel
secretary Benjamin, (which I regret is not at
hand,) after a cruel order respecting some men
executed for bridge burning, devotes a post-
script especially to him. And in no way could
he have demonstrated more practical hostility
to the rebel cause than by withholding from
the rebels this office. It was this, and a hope
that he would refuse to receive and qualify
under the commission from the rebel governor
Harris, and thus vacate the office, that made
them urge the commission upon him, as is
stated_ in the report of the committee. Not
even in appearance, or by pretense, did ho
favor the rebellion ; nor was his attitude even
equivocal. His loyalty was outspoken and
beyond dispute in the darkest hour: so I learn
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
ask the gentleman from Tennessee whether
there w-as not a provision of the oath which
all officers under the rebel government took
especially abjuring all allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Did they not
expressly swear to support the constitution of
the so-called confederate States? And are we
to understand from the gentleman from Ten-
nessee that the fact, if it be a fact, that Judge
Patterson took that oath, with a mental deter-
mination at thetime not to do that which the
oath required him to do, puts us under an obli-
gation to absolve him specially from the test
oath which is required by the laws of this coun-
try to be taken by all persons who accept office
under the Government of the United Slates?
Mr: MAYNAIID. I will answer both branches
of the gentleman's question. As 'to the precise
form of the oath known as the "confederate"
oath—the oath to support the constitution of
the confederate States, or the' "secesh" oath,
or the "rebel" oath, or whatever term was
used by onr people—1 am unable to speak with
that definiteness and precision with which on
an occasion of this kind I' ought to speak, be-
cause I never, so far as I at this moment remem-
ber, saw a copy of the oath in writing. I have
a general impression that it was simply an oath
in the usual form to support the constitution
ofthe "confederate" Statesinstead of the Uni-
ted States.
Now, sir, let me say, in reply to another
branch of the question, that this joint resolu-
tion does not propose to relieve Judge Patter-
son from any supposed disqualification arising
from the taking of that oath. It is accepting
the office that constitutes the supposed dis-
qualification. If there is anything in his
having taken the oath that disqualifies him it
will remain after this joint resolution shall lie
passed, just as now. I was proceeding, how-
ever, to state that Judge Patterson's holding
the office was not done in "hostility to the
Government of the United States," but was an
act of known, understood, and recognized hos-
tility to the southern confederacy. So, then, it
seems to me that the oath could have been
taken with a safe conscience, even without any
legislation of this sort. The Senate, as I un-
derstand, are almost unanimously of the opin-
ion that nothing which has occurred during
the last five years disqualifies Judge Patter-
son from holding the office of Senator of the
United States to which he has been elected.
He is willing and offers to take the oath as it
stands, believing he can do so with a safe con-
science. Still they have thought it better, more
expedient, wiser, to relieve him from the ordi-
nary requirement of taking that portion ofthe
oath, that the law is better maintained in this
way than by permitting him to take the oath in
its present form and thus be subject to criticism
arising from an opposite construction of the
terms of it. It seems to me that as a matter
of comity we should concur in the decision at
which the Senate have arrived. The matter is
one peculiarly their own. They have exam-
ined it, decided it, and very unanimously.
Their decision requires a change in the law
as applied to this particular case, not that they
propose to abrogate the law so as to impair its
force; but on the contrary, they would magnify
it and niakti it more honorable by formally and
solemnly rekrdngit in favor of a case to which
it was never meant to apply.
That Judge Patterson has been loyal, not
merely passively loyal, but actively, a deter-
mined and loyal citizen of the United States
from the beginning all through the war, is a
fact which I do not hesitate here most solemnly
to declare and affirm. I know there are very
few men in the United States as little inclined
to resist the law or any provision of it to favor
persons who have been engaged in this rebel-
lion at any time or in any way as I am. I am
not speaking in defense of one who has been
engagedin rebellion. I am not speaking in behalf
of treason or traitors. I am speaking in behalf
oi & ra&n whom I know to have been as loyal
to this Government as I am, however we may
have differed upon many questions which have
arisen heretofore and are now before the coun-
try, or however we may differ in regard to
questions likely to arise hereafter. I am speak-
ing m vindication of a loyal, honest man, and
not m defense of a disloyal and dishonest
traitor.
Mr. Speaker, we cannot fully trust our judg-
ment to make an ex post facto decision of what
