2348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
know why a captain if he is a worthy man should
not be placed in the same category with field
and general officers. He is in the same cat-
egory the moment he gets above the rank of
captain; why should he not be before, if you
want to promote a meritorious line of officers?
Mr. SCHENCK. When you speak of the
grade above the grade of captain, of course
you mean the grade of major, for that is the
next grade above. Therefore all these promo-
tions will take place in the ordinary way, by
seniority, while officers are yet young, unde-
veloped in character, and in some degree un-
developed in capacity. But when they become
field officers and reach the grade of major, pro-
motions will be made by selections according
to merit.
As a matter of course, when a man lias been
promoted from captain to major, if he be a
young major, even the last captain promoted,
if he manifests unusual ability and fitness for
going higher up, he will be eligible for selec-
tion for that.purpose. That is the whole mean-
ing of the provision. It is adopting in our
military system what, as I have shown the
House, has prevailed in the military systems
of all other countries. I do not say that the
first grade above that of captain is the best
point at which to make the line. Perhaps you
might say above the grade of major, or above
the grade of lieutenant colonel or colonel. But
the committee thought that after an officer had
served as a subaltern, and as the commander
of a company, and had got his first promotion
above the grade of captain, and was made a
major, he ought after that to expect promotion
only according to the efficiency, ability, and
fitness for higher and more serious and impor-
tant commands which he should manifest.
Mr. WlilGHT. Does not the promotion of
general or field officers depend upon tlie arbi-
trary will of the appointing power?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not now.
Mr. WRIGHT. While a captain has to
depend alone upon his merits.
Mr. SCHKNCK. Not at all; it is just the
reverse. In all the staff'corps promotions arc
hereafter to be made without regard to the
seniority of commission or date of appoint-
ment; that is, they are to be bv merit, and it
is proposed that the same rule of promotion,
by merit alone, shall apply to all officers of
the line above the grade of captain ; that is,
to maf6rs, lieutenant colonels, and colonels.
Promotion by seniority will be confined to
those who have not got to the grade above that
of captain, to all below the grade of major.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am aware that many staff
officers have the rank of lieutenant. But in
regard to the promotion of line officers, 1 know
(ft' no reason why the captain of a company
should not have the same chance of arbitrary
selection and promotion as field and general
officers.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I understand the gen-
tleman aright now, lie would have this rule of
promotion by selection extend through all the
grades.
Mr. \raGI-IT.r Why not?
Mr. SCHENCK. For the simple reason
which I have already stated, and there must
be some reason in the rule, since it is one which
has been adopted m every country where they
have military systems which have been built
up through centuries. It is for the reason that
juniur officers, subalterns and company offi-
cers, are not presumed to be men who have
become developed; it is not to be presumed
that any of them will be able to make such
show of preeminent ability above their fellows
of the same grade as those in other and higher
ranks, and therefore they are to be promoted
by seniority alone. That is, where there is a
vacancy for major, it is to be filled by promot-
ing the oldest captain. Above that grade it
is proposed to make promotions according to
merit.
Mr. WRIGHT. My objection is this: that
in the appointment of regimental staff officers,
they may be selected without regard to seniority
or term of service, while captains seeking pro-
motion must have a different rule applied to
them. This is, in my judgment, an unfair and
illiberal distinction.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, I fear very
much that in the present temper of the House
this section is likely not to receive that atten-
tion which I think its importance demands.
It proposes to make a radical change in the
whole system of promotion in the Army. The
system which at present exists has not, I be-
lieve, been found so deficient in its workings
as to call for so radical a change as this.
We are about to organize the Army upon
the basis of a peace establishment; and I trust
that many years may elapse before it will be
called into active service in the field. It is a
serious question whether it would be an im-
provement upon our military system to make
promotions below the grade of colonel by selec-
tion instead of by seniority. How is the merit
of the officer to be determined?. Among the
various captains, majors, and lieutenant colo-
nels, it will be very difficult to decide, from
the manner in which they perform their duties
in garrison or upon the parade ground, which
of them are entitled by merit to be promoted
over the heads of their seniors.
In time of war military genius makes its way ;
and during actual hostilities our old system did
not prevent those who occupied subordinate
positions in the Army from rising in the course
of a few months to the very highest rank. That
system did not smother the genius of a Sher-
man or a Grant. Why, then, shall thisradical
change be made now? What is there in the
experience of the past to recommend it as a
necessary measure?
1 fear that however beautiful the system of
selection by merit alone may appear in theory,
it will be found in practice to be a system of
political favoritism, under which officers will
be promoted, not on account of their military
merit, but because they happen to have afriend
at court. I fear that under this system the
officer stationed at some remote pla^e upon the
western frontier, havingno-relativesor friends
in Congress or in the Cabinet, will be likely to
remain in obscurity with his merit undiscovered;
while some more fortunate officer much his
junior, who has been enjoying for many years
a soft place here in the city of Washington,
will, because he happens to have an uncle in
the Cabinet, or a brother in Congress, be pro-
moted over the head of his meritorious senior;
and that will be called a selection by merit!
If you could determine the value of men as
you determine the value of jewels, by their luster
or their color; or if you could gauge their value
by their weight per pound, like so many bullocks,
it would be easy to distinguish which man was
entitled to the most consideration, and then
you could make selections, as this section pro-
poses they shall be made, exclusively by merit.
But what man ever discovered in General Grant
when he was a simple lieutenant in the Army
the merit which would entitle him to be com-
mander-in-chief of the Army of the United
States? What man ever discovered in General
Sherman, when he was the principal of a mil-
itary academy in the Southwest, that he was
the man to lead the forces of the United States
through the very heart of the rebellion ?
It was the merit alone of these men that en-
abled them to gain the distinction which their
country ultimately bestowed upon them. But,
sir, it was under the old system that this was
achieved. - And, sir, when we have before our
eyes these illustrious examples of selection by
merit, why are we to change the whole system,
to reverse the whole order of things in the
Army? I believe, sir, that there is nothing
which would be more calculated to demoral-
ize the Army than this very measure.
Allusion has been made to the practice of
foreign countries; and among others that of
France has been cited. I happen to know,
however, that the selections which are made
for promotion in the French army are made
very differently from the manner in which they
would be made in this country, if the system
proposed by this bill should be adopted with-
out incorporating in the bill anything else to
assimilate-it to the system in the French army.
In the French army the promotions for merit
are made upon the recommendation of a board
of officers or the army. That part of the French
system is not incorporated into this bill.
If hereafter promotion by selection is to
embrace all ranks above that of captain, or,
as proposed by the amendment • of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] all below as
well as aliove that grade, I think the injurious
effects of this system should be obviated by
incorporating into it that which is deemed
necessary for its proper, efficient, and bene-
ficial working in the French army. Let, then,
a board of officers be established, (composed
of officers of the Army, not of politicians,)
empowered to recommend their juniors fpro-
motion. Let the men selected by a disinter-
ested and capable board like that be the per-
sons promoted by merit, if merit alone is to be
the criterion. But as it is the practical result
will be that the professed object of this section
of the bill will be defeated. Instead of pro-
motion by merit it will be a system of nepotism
and favoritism throughout. I am therefore
opposed to this section, and also to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] and if it be in order I will now make
the motion that this section be stricken out of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move
that the section be stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the vote is taken
on the motion to strike out, the vote will of
course be taken on the amendment of my col-
league.
Mr. BOYER. I do not make the motion
now, and of course do not wish to cut off any
amendment to the section.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has spoken of that
which is the objection to this system which I
propose, dnd I admit it is to a limited and to
a certain extent true of the present system.
Like all other changes, the question is whether
the result is loss or gain by departing from the
present condition of things. If, on the one
hand, you make promotion in any part of the
Army by selection made upon men's merit it
is liable to Jhe possible abuse of which the
gentleman speaks, that there may be partiality,
but so far as examinations arc concerned, if
he will look at the thirty-fourth section he will
find we have provided promotion below the
rank of colonel shall be on examination by a
board of officers as he recommends, not of
politicians, not of outsiders, but a board com-
posed of members of the Army.
The answer to that objection which may be
made, the objection of promotion being made
through partiality, is that in every human sys-
tem we must trust somebody. Everything rests
somewhere. The necessity of obedience to law
is with (hose who are to carry it out. You may
devise every expedient you can, and you will
be scarcely able to get rid of that. While there
is a fear of partiality and abuse on one side,
look at what may be considered a greater dis-
advantage if you do not have some rule of this
kind, found expedient to be adopted in every
country which has had a successful military
system except our own. The difficulty into
which you run, if you do not make it, limited,
is this: if ;<! 1 promotion is to be bv seniority,
the oldest captain will be major in his turn, the
oldest major lieutenant colonel, and the oldest
lieutenant colonel, as a matter of course, colo-
nel ; and so all the way through, step by step;
and inefficiency and incapacity are sure to
result.
The gentleman was unfortunate in his illus-
trations, I think, drawn from experience during
the Jast war, which experience has aided us in
bringing our attention to this particular sub-
ject. He referred to Grant and sherman and
others who have distinguished themselves as
great leaders in the war, prominent above all
