1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m.
knowledge extends, there was no testimony
taken before the committee.
Mr. pOOK. There was documentary evi-
dence furnished by Representatives from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Well, sir, I
pronounce that documentary evidence wholly
ex parte. According to the gentleman:s own
statement there was no fail' chance for the case
to lie represented before the committee.
Now, sir, to illustrate the manner in which
this bill, if enacted, will operate, it is only
necessary to refer to cases coming within my
own knowledge; and I have no doubt that
many other gentlemen have knowledge of sim-
ilar cases. Take, sir, the case of a general
order issued by the captain or lieutenant in
command of some thirty or forty soldiers at a
particular place. Suppose it be a general order
to arrest guerrillas. Under such a general
order, a corporal, or a soldier under his com-
mand, may, to vent his private malice, seize
and imprison a peaceable citizen, against whom
there is no reasonable ground of suspicion.
Suppose be g(]gs further, and in the act of ar-
resting the man refuses quarter and shoots
him down. A man may do that under a gen-
eral order to arrest guerrillas ; and an order
of that sort is by tliis bill made a justification
of an act of that kind.
An instance of this kind occurred in my own
State. There were three poor laboring men
living near the border of Tennessee who es-
caped into Kentucky to avoid conscription in
the rebel army. They were Union men, and
that was their only resort to avoid conscription
in the rebel army. They were engaged for a
time in performing day labor. Becoming anx-
ious in regard to their families, they started 011
foot toward their former residence to hear from
their families. When they were passing through
the neighborhood of a certain town, where there
were some thirty or forty soldiers under the
command of a captain, some one gave infor-
mation that throe men had been seen walking
alone, passing through the neighborhood. An
order was issued by the officer in command of
that squad for their arrest as guerrillas. Half
a dozen drunken soldiers, under the command
of a corporal or lieutenant, started off to lind
these men. They were overtaken. It happened
that two or three respectable citizens were wit-
nesses of the occurrence. These poor men
were sitting down, pnlling off their shoes to
wade across (heriver. These drunken soldiers,
as soon as they came near enough, fired four
01 fire rounds upon the men without uttering
a solitary word. Two of them were shot dead
on the spot; the other, who was very severely
wounded, was, in consequence of his appeals
for mercy, taken into custody, and after weeks
and months of suffering from his wounds he
recovered, but he is disabled for life.
It turned out that the wounded man was a
loyal Tennesseean. Tliey were all loyal men
who had escaped from confederate conscription;
poor men who had no arms at all; good, hon-
est, loyal men. These officers when they ap-
proached did not even say halt, but they shot
two and wounded the oilier. Only one had his
life spared through his cries for mercy. Now,
suppose this survivor shall sue these reckless
men. If he does, under this law, they will be
exonerated. All they have to do is to show
there was an order to arrest guerrillas.
This bill justifies those men and all others
who may have committed like reckless acts.
All ihoy have to do to make their defense is to
allege; there was a general or special order to
arrest guerrillas, and that they only omitted to
give quarter, and that in arresting them they
killed some and wounded the other. All these
are cases which this bill justifies.
There is another case where the unfortu-
nate victim was brought from Kentucky to this
place and incarcerated under an order to arrest
counterfeiters. He was seized, brought here,
and confined in Carroll prison, and kept there
for four months. He came from my district,
and .wrote to me. I found and consulted
with him, and then I went to the President, and
stated the case to him. The President .ex-
pressed his astonishment that any man should
be arrested in Kentucky and brought here for
counterfeiting, and imprisoned for four months
without examination. He gave me an order to
the Secretary of War to exhibit the charges
against the man. I was there informed that
the protection of our currency against. coun-
terfeiters had been delegated to* the Treasury
Department. Going there I learned there was
no evidence against him, and after a time I
procured his discharge. He had been arrested
and plunged into prison under an order of some
official in his own town.of Shepherdsville, with-
out any reasonable cause of suspicion. Sup-
pose he sues. All the defendant has to do is
to plead that he made the arrest under the
order of some captain or lieutenant or other
officer in command at that place. He is not
bound to show there was cause of suspicion.
It can avail nothing for the plaintiff to show
that the act on the part of the defendant was-
wholly malicious and without probable cause.
The order alone is a full defense for the de-
fendant.
Sir, it will be so in all cases where men,
through malice and enmity and without any
cause of suspicion at all, have been arrested
and imprisoned at the instigation of command-
ing officers.
Take another case, in regard to interfering
with elections. I will refer to a case in regard
to which I was fully informed. During last
summer, a man fifty or sixty years of age—a
peaceable citizen, between whom and a cer-
tain officer there was some ill-feeling—made his
appearance at the polls on the morning of the
election and offered to vote; for doing this
that citizen, under the verbal order of that
officer, was arrested and imprisoned for some
days. If he sues, this bill will present a per-
fect justification of the arrest and imprison-
ment. There were numerous general orders
to shoot down or arrest guerrillas, to give them
no quarter, and malicious soldiers and others,
under those orders, shot down good and peace-
able citizens, wounded, arrested, and impris-
oned others. It is of no use for the plaintiff
to show that those acts were wanton and mali-
cious, and without probable cause. If the
defendant can show any general or special
order from any commanding officer, captain,
lieutenant, corporal, verbal or written, 110 mat-
ter what number of soldiers ho shall command,
such order, by this bill, is made of itself a
complete and unanswerable defense.
Let me show a little further how this bill has
been framed. The law which this bill pro-
poses to amend provides when a defendant
shall desire to remove his case to the circuit
court of the United States he shall file a peti-
tion at the time of entering his appearance in
the State court, and give security for his appear-
ance at the circuit court. This bill expressly
says he may at any time after he has entered
his appearance, and made defense in the State
court, and before ajuiy is impaneled for trial,
file his peti(iou and remove the cause.
Mr. COOK. I would like to ask the gentle-
man whether there is any difference between
this bill and the law of 1883 as to the time a
change of venue could lie taken. Did not the
law of 1833 allow it at any time '' before trial ?''
Mr. HARDING. According to my recol-
lection it is different. This hill is, at any rate,
essentially different in all its provisions from
the act, to which it purports to be an amend-
ment. By this bill the defendant is allowed to
enter his appearance and file his defense in the
State court, and after subjecting the plaintiff
to all the. vexatious delay he can, by contin-
uances and otherwise, when at last he is about
to be driven into trial, after perhaps a year or
two of delay, then he may file his affidavit, and
without security remove the cause to the cir-
cuit court. He is not required to give security
at all to enter his appearance at the circuit
court or that he will give bail theie.
x\ud 1 hat is not all. Another section of the
j bill expressly pro-sides that it shall be the duty
ii of the clerk in the State court, whether there
is any security for the payment of fees or n©t;
to make the record of the suit for removal.. . ,
Now, if a party is required to give security
for the filing of the record himself, then, the
clerk will rnako it out because begets his fee..
Byt here is an express provision that it shall,
not be necessary for the defendant to*giY® so-'
curity for the filing of the record. And then,
he may go to the circuit court and have the
case docketed without filing the papers at all,
so that it will devolve upon the other party to
file them. Look at that. The party who seeks
the transfer is not required to give security, but
upon the mere filing of his petition at the laat
moment, after he has delayed his adversary as
long a§ he can, he has the right to go into the
circuit court and enter the case on the docket.
And then when the case comes up if the plaint-
iff fails to file a copy of the papers he is non-
suited with double costs, and that nonsuit, is
made a bar to any subsequent action.
Is this, sir, in accordance with the oommm
course of legal proceedings, to wake a wire
nonsuit a bar to a cause of action?
Sir, suppose a poor man, living a hundred
and fifty miles from where the circuit court .of
the United States is held, has brought his suit
in the State court in his own neighborhood
against a defendant' for having arrested and
imprisoned him maliciously and without justi-
fication. Now, this bill provides that the de-
fendant, after resorting to all the delay he can
in the State court, may on the simple filing of
a petition for removal, without giving security,
arrest all further proceedings in the State court
and throw upon the plaintiff the necessity of
either giving up his case, or of prosecuting it
in a court a hundred and fifty miles distant,
himself paying the expenses of copying ana
removing llic papers.
Sir, in such a case every honest lawyer would
advise the plaintiff to abandon his cause. For
what has l\e to hope for? When he gets to the
circuit court the defendant may not meet him.
lie lias given no security for his appearance.
And if he goes he has to j>ay the expense of
filing the record, for this bill does not impose
even that upon the defendant who removes the
cause. It is manifestly, more than any bill I
ever saw, framed exclusively in the interest
of the defendant.
Now, I warn gentlemen that interested law-
yers may have something to do with a case like
this. Bring me a hill that treats the plaintiff
and defendant alike, and I will sanction it. But
a class of interested lawyers, perhaps having
large contingent fees to secure the acquittal
of ccrtain men, may have their part to act in
these cases. And why not? Here is a bill
manufactured to their hands. Sir, I affirm,
that any law student just "admitted into the
profession, who with the aid of this bill could
not succeed in the defense of his client, how-
ever guilty, would deserve to be excludedfrom
the bar.
But, sir, there are perhaps more serious ob-
jections still. Here is an attempt to intervene
between parties who have litigations now pro-
gressing in the courts, an attempt, to interpose
a defense which was no defense at the time the
act was committed.
Now, T ask gentlemen to reflect whether that
can be done. It is a bad rule which will not
work both ways. Let us test it by looking to
the interests of the plaintiff for a moment.
Suppose a law should be passed, retroactive in
its character, giving a plaintiff a right to re-
cover heavy damages for an act which a year
ago, at the time the act was committed, vio-
lated no law, and was, therefore, an innocent
and justifiable act; can you do that? Can you
intervene by a retroactive statute and dcclare
that a certain act performed a year ago shall
be considered criminal, when, at the time the
act was performed, it was no violation of any
law, and therefore was justifiable? Can that
be done? And then, again, can you interfere
in favor of the plaintiff when he has brought
his suit in court, and declare that a certain act
which was lawful when committed, shall be
considered a trespass, and upon that he may
