1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
234§
others. How did they eome to -have their ser-
vices secured in these high places? Most of
these gentlemen had left the Army, these two
particularly had, while others remained in the
regular Army. They got appointed as field
officers, some as colonels, some as lieutenant
colonels, both these officers as colonels, and
were found on trial to develop such qualities
they were speedily made general officers, and
from general officers of subordinate positions
advanced by development of capacity over all
others until they became chosen the leaders of
the war. And thus men far below ih age, in
previous rank, and in date of former commis-
sion, by the very exigencies of the service and
by force of this rule which we propose yon
shall now adopt to a certain exteut throughout
the Army, are brought at the head who are
admitted on all hands to be those who ought
to be at the head.
The illustration is not a good one for the
gentleman's argument, it seems to me, but it
sustains precisely what I am saying. And
without extending the argument further, I
would say that we have learned, I think, by
sad experience a great deal during this war
with all its lessons and among other things we
have learned that there is good reason and
good cause for the adoption of this rule ol'
promotion by merit and selection, above cer-
tain grades at least, as it exists in other armies,
and we would do well, perhaps, to introduce it
into our own.
The gentleman says it is, to a certain extent,
a radical change. I admit it. There is argu-
ment on both sides, and the gentleman has
presented very fairly the argument against it.
But I submit to him and to the House whether
there is not more to be gained than to be lost
by the change; whether the danger is not, if
we continue with a still larger army, as wo
have heretofore, when it has not been so much
felt, with a very small army in time of peace,
making promotions step by step, by seniority
alone, we may not find a large number of those
highest in command among the worn-out, effete,
and imbecile officers of the Army, instead of
the most vigorous, best, and most gifted.
Mr. BOYER. I cannot admit, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] seems to
think, that I have been unfortunate in my
illustrations. The cases of Generals Grant
and Sherman were cited by me for the purpose
of illustrating the fact that even under our
present system of promotion by seniority, great,
and shining merit could find its way to the sur-
face. In time of war the regular system of
promotion by seniority is to a great extent dis-
regarded, as it has been throughout the whole
course of the late war. And I was willing to
admit, too, that if we were always to be at
war. then the system proposed by this bill is the
very one which ought to be adopted. Amid the
storm of war military merit makes itself evi-
dent. and enables us to distinguish truly when
the junior should command the senior.
But we are now preparing an army for a
peace establishment, and I say that it is not a
good general rule in time of pcace to select for
promotion otherwise than by seniority.
And I do not think there is much weight, with
all due deference to the argument of the gen-
tleman, in the suggestion that we are likely to
be overburdened with inefficient and incompe-
tent officers; for you have your examining and
retiring boards to enable you to rid the Army
of all that sort of material under the operation
of the existing system.
Then again, the section which the gentleman
from Ohio [Air. Sciienck] points out as the
remedy of the evils which arc complaincd of
as likely to result under the system which he
would introduce, namely, section thirty-four,
does not provide at all, as he asserts it does,
for a board of examiners composed of Army
officers to make selections for promotions, but
it provides in these words:
That no offic* of the Army below the rank of col-
onel shall hereafter be promoted to a higher grade
before having passed a satisfactory examination as
to his fitness for promotion and record of past ser-
vices before a board of three general officers, or
officers of his corps or arm of service senior to him
in rank.
_ It will be perceived that this board is to de-
cide upon the fitness of officers for promo-
tion. But they do not decide as to the respect-
ive merits of the different officers who may
appear before the board, but only in general
terms as to the fitness or unfitness for promo-
tion. Having received the certificate of such
an examining board, a young officer may grow
gray before ho receives the promotion for which
they certify he is fitted.
Now, one of the great evils which will per-
vade this system thus sought to be introduced
into the Army, will be that whenever a vacancy
occurs there will be a strife among the various
officers as to who is entitled by merit to pro-
motion to fill the vacancy.
In a regiment, for example, where a col-
onelcy is to be filled, every captain in the regi-
ment will consider himself entitled by merit to
supersede not only the other captains but the
major and the lieutenant colonel; and thus,
in every regiment where a vacancy occurs, and
as often'as it occurs, there will be a scene of
jealousy, strife, and intrigue calculated to lead
eventually tP the demoralization of the Army,
and to the destruction of that esprit d'u corps
which it is absolutely necessary should be pre-
served if we desire that our Army shall con-
tinue to be in the future what it has been in
the past.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to call the at ten-
tion of the House for a moment to the point in
debate. The gentleman says that, notwith-
standing the proposition made by the commit-
tee in th is bill, we have seen notable examples
during the late war in which the old system
has given us the very best talent in the coun-
try. I answer' that by a single fact, and that
fact is, that all the examples he has given have
been in defiance of the old custom in the Army
and under special legislation that broke the old
rule of promotion by seniority. If the rule of
seniority had obtained throughout the war, not
one of the leading men who occupied, and are
occupying, high places in the Army could have
occupied those places. Half a dozen of those
who are majorgenerals would have been majors
yet but for the fact that the rule of seniority
was entirely overlooked. It was found neces-
sary in the progress of the war to enact a law
that the President mightassign a junior officer
to the command of his seniors. It became
absolutely necessary. We had some men who
had grown old in the service, and it would not
do, according to the old custom in the Amiy,
to let a junior officer command them. Con-
gress, therefore, passed an act providing that
whenever the President of the United States
saw fit he might assign any general offiecr,
without regard to his rank, to the command of
a department or an Army corps, and that officer
might command his seniors. Thus, the rule
of seniority was broken down regularly and
systematically by law, to enable us to get hold
of the best intellects of the country and put
them into the service.
Observe another thing. This rule of senior-
ity has always been broken down by great
commanders wherever great emergencies of
war were upon them. For instance, in 1798-
99, when we expected war with France, Wash
ington was appointed General-in-Chief of the
Army, and he made it a condition to his
acceptance of that position that ho, himself,
should have the selection of his leading offi-
cers. When he came to make his selection
he made Alexander Hamilton, a man taken
from civil life, and who had never been higher
than a colonel in the Army, first in the rank of
major generals ; he made Pinckney, of South
Carolina, second in rank, and he made Gen-
eral Knox, who had been a commander of
division in the war of the Revolution,^third iu
rank ; thus absolutely reversing the order, and
placing those men in that order solely on the
ground of merit, and not on the ground of
seniority.
The great success of Napoleon Bonaparte
was due, mainly, to the fact that he utterly
ignored the rule of seniority* It is true, he
paid this much deference to the rule, that if
he wanted a corporal made a captain he pro-
moted him to be a sergeant one day, a, second
lieutenant the next day, a first lieutenant the
next, and a captain the next; but he went
through the form only out of respect to a time-
honored custom. I affirm, and 1 wish it under-
stood by every gentleman, that no great and
successful army was ever called into the field
in the history of war, but what had its officers
selected in defiance of the rule of seniority,
and upon the principle of merit.
Mow, the only difference between the chair-
man of the committee and myself is that I do
not think lie has gone far enough in the appli-
cation of his rule of merit. 1 think the rule
should be made to apply to captains and lieu-
tenants as well as to officers above them.
And for the purpose of effecting that object
I desire to modify my amendment so as to make
it a motion to strike out the words "above the
grade of captain." That would make the rule
of promotion by merit'alone universal through-
out the Army; and that is what I desire.
Now I desire to say one word on that point
before I yield the floor. The gentleman has
said that we cannot always judge what a man
will be until we have had time to test liira.
Therefore when a man has risen by seniority
to the grade of captain, we cannot tell whether
there is anything in him or not. Now, my
answer to that is, that in the thirty-fourth sec-
tion of this bill it is provided that there shall
be competitive examinations for officers even
below the grade of major, and they are to be
promoted only as they shall show themselves
to be proficient. And I want that principle
adopted here.
Another point: the gentleman says we want
men in the Army awhile before we can decide
upon their merits. I know that it has under
the old rule sometimes taken a man twenty
years to reach the grade of major by the rule of
promotion by seniority. At the time of the com-
mencement of the late war there were many
captains in the Army who had been twenty
years in the service. Their merits had become
perfectly .well known.
As we are now entering upon a time of peace,
a man will probably be a second lieutenant, on
an average for four or five years, which certainly
will allow time enough to discover all the capa-
city there is in him. If young men who are
commissioned second lieutenants do not make
sufficient improvement in the vigor of their
youth, when they can best improve themselves,
during the three, or four, or five, or ten years
that they are company officers, they certainly
ought not to be promoted.
. I hope, therefore, that the principle of pro-
motion by merit or examination will be applied
to all, and I modify my amendment to that
effect.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not sure but I shall
vote for the amendment of the gentleman from.
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] Ionghtporhapsin mod-
esty to recite the old Dutch maxim — is it? —
'' Non nostrum inter vosiantas litcs compoiiere.''
[Laughter.] I think that is Latin, [ltencwed
laughter. ] I do not know that I ought to mingle
in this quarrel between these high generals, hav-
ing never been anything more than a second
lieutenant myself. But I want to make this
suggestion, that the system of giving promotion
by seniority of rank comes fiom the old Eng-
lish system, and is founded, I think, upon a
vicious principle. In England, by means of
purchasing commissions, a nobleman who has
younger sons, and desires to place them where
they can secure a support for life, with a cer-
tainty of promotion, purchases commissions
for them at from two to three thousand poundS
each. Those commissions are salable by the
officers holding them. Now, it would not do
to have these vested rights broken in upon by
allowing promotions or even appointments to
be made'for merit alone, and hence, until you
