326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19„
Smitli is very decided in his opinion that this
property should now be purchased by the Gov-
ernment. Ho furnishes us with facts and draw-
ings which enforce his position. If that navy-
yard is to be kept up it seems to me that it is un-
wise for us to refuse this appropriation, thereby
rendering necessary others still larger, which
would give us no such conveniences. It is for
the House to determine whether the purchase of
this island, embracing seventy or eighty acres,
is not expedient. I have stated the judgment
of the committee, which seems to be wise.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that the committee have r.o feeling on this
subject. There was for a long time a great di-
versity of sentiment, among the members of the
committee in regard to this appropriation for
the purchase of Seavey's Island. We elicited
all the information on the subject that we could
obtain from the proper bureau of the Navy De-
partment, and we finally came to the conclusion
that the purchase of this island would be a meas-
ure of economy; for I agree with our chairman
[Mr. Stevens] that if this item be struck out,
it will be found to be imperatively necessaryto
insert in this or some other appropriation bill
items to a greater amount for this very navy-
yard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Ohio yield to me for one mo-
ment ?
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask this question : if the Government has been
able to get along thus far without making this
purchase, why can it not get along for some
time further?
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, during the
progress of the mighty war which so lately taxed
all the energies and resources of the Govern-
ment, many of us in this House, in common
with my friend from Illinois, resisted every ap-
propriation which could by any possibility be
dispensed with, for we did not know but that
the utmost dollar might, be needed to sustain
our Army and Navy in the conflict : that was
the reason. But happily we are now at peace
at home ; now is the time to prepare for conflict
with other Powers whose enmity and jealousy
we must encounter if wc live in accordance with
what we learn from the history of nations in
times of peace—in time of peace prepare for
war. European Powers are swelling their na-
vies. Shall we put off our whole armor, and
not only that, but put off all the means ofmaking
our armor, because wc have put down a rebel-
lion at home ?
Why, sir, we are continually growing. Our
progress has not slopped. As we are increasing
in power our resources are increasing ; and we
must increase with our resources our means of
defending them. This is my answer to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Let me
say a. word.
Sir. SPALDING. I say that we have a much
larger Navy now than when the wareoinmeneed.
Mr. \VA~NIIB URNE. of Illinois. All I de-
sire is fall information nn the subject. Will the
gentleman furnish us with information in regard
to the present naval establishment? Howmuch
has the Navy been decreased since last year
when the war terminated?
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot give the partic-
ulars.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. From seven
hundred to one hundred.
Mr. SPALDING. Counting the vcsselspur-
cliased from the mercantile marine our Navy is
not one twentieth as large as during the war:
but the vessels built by the Navy Department .
for war purposes are retained, every one of
them. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. Chairman, I have one word to say in re-
gard^ to the practice in this House in respect to
makint^appropriations where laws are wanted, j!
Mr. S>1E\ENS. Allow me to say a single j
word at this point. ;•
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly. i'
Mr. STEVENS. The rule provides that, when H
theie are changes of this kind to carry out the 11
recommendation of any Department of the Gov-
ernment, it shall be our duty to report them
from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. This is not
such a case as is provided for by the rule.
Mr. SPALDING. The committee became
satisfied that by the purchase of Seavey's Island
we could dispense with the erection of officers'
quarters, for which a large estimate was made
for appropriation at our hands, inasmuch as
there are fifteen to twenty buildings on that isl-
and which will answer the purpose of officers'
quarters. And it will supersede the necessity
of extending some of the buildings used for naval
purposes in the navy-yard, and will thus save
that additional expense. If we purchase the
whole of this island—if the whole'of it can be
purchased, which is a matter of uncertainty; if
we can obtain a perfect title to it,which is ques-
tionable—then this appropriation is not to be ex-
pended. If we can obtain a perfect title to the
whole island,we can obtain these barracks with-
out further appropriation. It will be a great
saving to the nation.
I pledge myself to the gentleman from Illi-
nois to go with him for all measures for saving
money where we can save it without doing
greater injury to the interests of the country.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio, before he finally resumes his
seat, one question, if he will allow me.
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. flow much do we save
annually on the theory he advances for making
this appropriation?
Mr. SPALDING. I refer the gentleman to
the chairman of the committee who gave the
estimates.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not hear it, and
would like to hear it. I would like to know how
much hk save according to the estimates.
Mr. STEVENS. From fifteen to twenty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. CONKLING. Annually?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; I think so.
Mr. KASSQN. Mr. Chairman, the impres-
sion might remain upon the minds of the House
that the committee were unanimous in recom-
mending this appropriation if 1 were not to add
one word to what has been said. Having dis-
sented to the appropriation this year, on the
actual condition of the facts connected with the
actual condition of that island, I desire to say
one word.
It is true that one hundred and twenty thou-
sand and odd dollars were asked in the esti-
mates, were asked by the Department for offi-
cers' quarters. 1 have opposed uniformly, in the
committee and in the House, last year and this,
appiopiiatior.s for mere convenience.
The rule by which 1 have been guided on all
subjects is this: that in the present condition
of the Treasury of the United States any ap-
propriation which was not necessary or spe-
cially economical was not to be made by this
House or by Congress, for the simple reason
thai, we must fir.-t adjust and protect the indis-
pensable debt of the United States and pay the
indispensable expenses of the Government. I
have regarded these officers' quarters in every
navy-yard which contains partial quarters for
some four or live of the principal officers of the
yard—I have regarded the appropriations to
that extent only as authorized by us. Beyond
that 1 have regarded it as simply a matter of
convenience to the ofiieers who might bo or-
dered from lime to time to the yard.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman if these
ofiieers do not have to go to town to board ?
Mr. KASSOX. So far as my information
extends, I am not aware of a single exception
to the fact, that where the officers' quarters—
which usually embrace about four buildings— j
are not sufficient for all the officers, they find ;
quarters elsewhere for their temporary eonven- {
ienee. Now. sir. the expanse of locating spe- j
cial quarters invuhes the erection of private ,
houses for their accommodation. On Seavey's 1
Island there are some nine or ten houses which j
it is proposed to acquire. It is doing indirectly
what some prorose to do directly. I suppose
! the object of my colleague is to save further
1 appropriation by this. _ I see nothing that is to
be saved by the acquisition of the island. I
see that it is a convenience in getting that island,
which contains about seventy acres of land, but
I do not see anything at all beyond the con-
venience of the navy-yard. It is not that kind
of necessity which, in the present condition of
the Treasury, should authorize and require us
to make an appropriation for it at this time.
And without expressing any feeling on the sub-
ject, I simply wished to state the rule by which
my vote will be guided. I dissent from the
views of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. MARSTON. I entirely agree with the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbtjrne] that
in the present state of the finances of the coun-
tryits utmost attention should be given to every
item of appropriation, and that not one dollar
should be appropriated from the Treasury of
the United States that is not absolutely de-
manded by the wants of the public service.
That will be the principle that will guide my
conduct in all these appropriations, whether
the money is to be expended in New Hamp-
shire or elsewhere. It has been for a long time
an object with the Navy Department to acquire
Seavey's Island for the convenience and the
enlargement of the navy-yard at that station.
Now, as a pure matter of economy, if there
was no other consideration in it whatever but
just tho saving of dollars to the United States
Government, I solemnly aver that I believe if
this island had belonged to the Government
at the commencement of the war, we should
have saved double what is proposed to be ap-
propriated to the purchase of it, in the labor
that has been expended there in moving mate-
rials from one part of the island to the other
for the purpose of carrying on the business of
the yard. So crowded has been every foot of
ground upon it that not a ship could be started,
nor any now business commcnccd there, with-
out moving timber and -material of all sorts
from one part of the island to the other. A
vast number of men and teams have been con-
stantly employed in doing that from the com-
mencement of the war to this day. The por-
tion now occupied on the rear is about sixty-five
acres ; that which it is proposed to acquire will
contain from seventy to eighty acres. It is
separated from the navy-yard by two hundred
feet of water, and is connected by a bridge
built by the United States.
Mow there is no place in this navy-yard suit-
able for a hospital, for officers' quarters, or for
a magazine. And there is to-day, in the mag-
azine on that little island, I believe, some two
hundred tons of gunpowder. There is not a
man in the yard that is not afraid of his life
from that magazine. And if by accident there
should be an explosion in that magazine, not a
single ship or building or anything in or about
that yard would remain standing.
Now, it is al'aet fbattherc is no naval station
in this country to which it is so proper for ships
coming from southern climes to go and report
to the navy-yard on account of health as this.
They are sent there uniformly, and when they
get there there is no proper hospital, and no
place to build one. There is no place for a coal
depot, on the island on which the navy-yard is
built. There is not sufficient room for ships. -
There is not sufficient room to carry on the
work that has been necessary to do there dur-
ing this war.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] re-
fers to the matter of officers' quarters as a simple
convenience. Nov,. e\ erybody who knows any-
thing about navy-yauls knows that it is highly
important, not only for the good discipline of
the yard, but for the safety of the property there,
that the officers should have their quarters in
the yard, and not a mile or two off in some town
where they cannot be called upon in case of an
emergency. Now, sir, on every consideration
on which this matter can be looked at. as a mat-
ter of convenience to the Navy, as a matter of
I saving money to the Government and enlarging
j the facilities of doing business there, this island
I ought to be purchased.
