4270
tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
has waned since you passed, so far as the
American Congress had to do with it,*a pro vis-
ion so amending the Constitution of the United
States as that no man who has held any office
under the rebel government shall ever be com-
petent, except by a two-third vote of both
Houses of Congress, to take a position of the
kind to which we are invited to admit Judge
Patterson to-night. My fellow-members of the
House of Representatives, we are asked to turn
Squarely around upon that for which we have
congratulated1 ourselves, upon that for which
the country has congratulated us ; that is, the
having taken a step right, mighty, and sublime
in the endeavor to hold and retain the Govern-
ment in the hands and control of loyal men.
It is for these reasons that I could not, nay
I would not, until my dying day, vote for a
joint resolution that proposes now so to let
down the law as that those whose hands are
yet red and dripping with the blood of loyal
men, and who furnished to this mighty and
godless rebellion its brains, who held its offices,
shall be permitted under a joint resolution of
the Congress of the United States to step into
the high places of power under the American
Government which they tried but failed to
destroy.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will now yield the re-
mainder of my time to my colleague, [Mr.
Taylor.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
it is fit and proper, I think, that I should make
a statement in reference to the distinguished
gentleman upon whose case this body is now
sittihg, because he is my constituent; he lives
in my district, the district which I have the
honor to represent upon this floor. It is my
happiness to have known him, not only through
the bloody scenes which have occurred during
the last five years, but for long years before.
And I take pleasure in saying here to-night
in all sincerity to my fellow-members in this
House, that so far as my personal knowledge
extends, there is not in this House, there is
not within the limits of these United States
to-night a man who can present a clearer
record of devotion to the country we all love,
of pure, unwavering, unmitigated loyalty to
the Government than David T. Patterson. Ay,
sir, such was his devotion to the cause, such
was his loyalty to the Government, such was
bis fellow-feeling with those who loved their
Government, that he was willing for their
sake—not for the sake of the bloody-handed
rebels, of whom my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Siiellabarger] speaks; not for the sake of
advancing the interests of the cause that was
opposed to his country and to your country;
but for the cause of his compatriots in Tennes-
see he was willing to be a judge, to occupy an
office of responsibility and trust, and to have
the lives and reputation and property of the
people in his keeping. I am not speaking at
random ; I know whereof I am speaking.
in 1854 Mr. Patterson was elected judge of
the circuit for the term of eight years. In
I860, when the coming war began to loom up
in the political horizon; when it became evi-
dent that we were to be plunged into a civil
war, Judge Patterson, to my personal knowl-
edge, had a strong inclination to resign his
position as judge of the circuit court; but the
Union people of his circuit, of whom I was
one, besought him, for their sake and for the
country's sake, to continue to hold his position
as judge. He consented to their entreaty, and
held the position of judge until the expiration of
his term in 1862. He then disclosed to me the
fact that he desired to retire to private life;
that he did not intend to be a candidate for re-
election, for he did not desire to continue to
hold that position under such embarrassing cir-
cumstances as then surrounded us. The coun-
try was then full of rebel soldiers and they were
in the full tide of successful rebellion in Ten-
nessee. Be it remembered, sir, that East Ten-
nessee, at that time and all the time from the
beginning of the war, through all its changing
and horrid scenes, was true to the country—
true in prosperity and true in adversity.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. May I ask
the consent of the House to speak five minutes
longer?
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
granting to the gentleman from Tennessee five
minutes more?
There was no objection.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. These people,
as I was remarking, were true to the Union.
And what is the best evidence of that truth?
In February, 1861, when the question of seces-
sion was first proposed to the people of Ten-
nessee through the ballot-box, what_ was the
answer of the State of Tennessee? Sixty-four
thousand against rebellion and for the Union.
What proportion of those was found in East
Tennessee. About thirty thousand votes in
a vote of about forty-two thousand. Thirty
thousand votes were given for the Union in
East Tennessee.
In June, 1861, the question was again pro-
pounded by the Legislature. Then the direct
issue was separation or no separation. In the
mean time our country was filled with armed
and organized rebels; and when that election
came, the loyal voters in some parts of East
Tennessee had to pass to the ballot-box between
rows of rebel bayonets. In the mean time se-
cession had prevailed in Virginia; it had pre-
vailed in North Carolina, in South Carolina, in
Georgia, Alabama, and the other southern
States; and middle and western Tennessee had
been swept into the whirlpool of rebellion. The
storm had gathered all around ourlittle mount-
ain land of East Tennessee with her thirty-one
counties. We were deserted bv our friends on
all.hands. Mountains stood like impassable
barriers between us and the flag of our coun-
try; for it must be remembered that the Gov-
ernment, of the United States, owing us pro-
tection, had abdicated in fact and left us to
whatever power might choose to domineer
over us.
Under these circumstances East Tennessee,
deserted by her friends, abandoned by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, surrounded by
rebel bayonets, her citizens threatened with ex-
patriation, threatened with confiscation, threat-
ened with death at every step if they did not
yield allegiance to the confederacy, East Ten-
nessee, in the midst of these circumstances,
stood as firmly based and anchored in her loy-
alty as were her everlasting hills upon their
granite foundations. Her people wavered not;
they trembled not; but, sir, they marched right
up between rows of rebel bayonets and de-
posited thirty-four thousand votes against sep-
aration to about seven thousand for it. This
was the spirit of East Tennessee in 1801, and
it was' the spirit which she carried with her
throughout the whole struggle. Sir, I would
like to review, if time permitted, the thrilling
history of Bast Tennessee during this war. I
trust that before this Congress^nds I shall have
the privilege of doing justice to as noble, as gal-
lant, as loyal, as patriotic a people as breathes
the air of these United States.
Who was it, sir, that held East Tennessee
fast anchored in her loyalty? Among the rest
was the distinguished gentleman whose ease
you have now on trial here to-night. He was
one of the leaders in the Union movement.
He presided in our circuit court, fie had the
ear and the confidence of the Union people.
He was traveling from county to county. He
was in communication with all the loyal peo-
ple. He it was who, in conjunction with others,
laid the train for that underground railroad
over which more than twenty thousand loyal
East Tennesseeans passed, between sunset and
sunrise, with their knapsacks on their backs,
with their feet bleeding, through the pathless
forest and over the craggy summits of our loft-
iest mountains, their way lighted by the pale
glimmer of the stars or the light of the moon.
I know Judge Patterson would have re-
mained out of office in 1862, when his term
had expired, had it not been for the importunate
demands of the people of his circuit. I know
what I say when I say this. I was one of the
first who received the announcement from his
own lips that he could not without hazard to
his own life serve as a Union judge again. I
insisted, with my Union fellow-citizens, that
he should retain his office. Although there
was a rebel candidate opposing him, doing all
he could to secure his election, Judge Patter-
son, without running for the office, was elected
by a majority of four thousand by the Union
people against the rebels.
Now, why did he hold the office? It was
simply in defense of the Government of the
United States. He held it for the purpose of
protecting the loyal people of Tennessee. Are,
then, his very virtues to be brought up in judg-
ment against him in this House? Is he to be
punished for holding the position to which his
people assigned him, thathe might protect them
against the rebels? Surely if our people are
disposed to reward merit, if our people are dis-
posed to do justice to those who were willing
to go through fire and toil for the honor of the
country and for the honor of our loyal people,
the Senate of the United States and this House
will not place their foot upon and trample down
a true patriot who risked his life and all that
he had for the honor of that flag under which
yon, Mr. Speaker, now sit.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will say that it is ne-
cessary, in consequence of the late period of
the session, this discussion should be soon
brought to a close. I have no disposition to
prevent reasonable debate, but I should like to
have some understanding as to when the vote
will be taken.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think that any
understanding is necessary further than that
this debate shall be kept within reasonable
limits.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman say
twelve o'clock to-night?
Mr. CONKLING. I think the vote ought
to be taken long before that.
Mr. MAYNARD. Say quarter past eleven.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no necessity of
having any understanding upon the subject at
this time.
The SPEAKER. The discussion can go
on. and if the previous question be not called
the gentleman from Tennessee may rise when-
ever he may think proper to close the debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I now have the
floor, and I yield with a great deal of pleas-
ure to my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes.]
Mr. STOKES. I regret very much, sir, this
question has been forced upon this House, but
inasmuch as it is now here, and I have had no
agency in bringing jt here, I deem it is due to
myself, due to Judge Patterson, due to this
House, due to the loyal people of Tennessee,
that I should express my views without fear or
favor.
I desire, in the first place, to state that
this question is not as to whether Judge Pat-
terson shall be admitted as a member of the
Senate or not. That, sir, is not the question
involved in the resolution which comes from
the Senate. The question involved in that res-
olution is, will this House repeal the decision
that has been ingrafted upon our statute-book?
I desire to state my feelings are those of kind-
ness toward Judge Patterson. I do not con-
trovert his Unionism. I do not controvert his
sincerity. I do not controvert his ability. I
do not pretend to say that he would not make
a good Senator. Not at all; but that is not the
issue. I shall refrain from uttering a word in
regard to his claim to the floor of the Senate,
as to his merits or demerits. Coming as I do
from Tennessee, I only desire to state my po-
sition on this question.
On the night of the 22d of February last I
delivered a speech in Nashville, Tennessee,
and there a d then declared if admitted as a
member of this House I would freeze to my
seat before I would vote to repeal the test oath.
[Long-continued applause on the floor and in
the galleries.] 1 have made the same decla-
ration in many speeches since then. I have
uttered the same thing on this floor privately
