1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3811
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in line twenty-one hundred and
eighty-three, after the word " production " at
the end of the clause, to insert:
And provided further. That coal tar and ammo-
niacal liquor produced in the manufacture of illu-
minating gas, and the products of the redistillation
of coal tar, and the products of the manufacture of
ammoniacal liquor thus produced shall be exempt
from duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend that
by striking out "duty" and inserting " tax "
at the end of line twenty-one hundred and
eighty-eight.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next item was read, as follows:
On illuminating, lubricating, or other mineral oils,
marking not less than thirty-six nor more than fifty-
nine degrees Baume'shydromctor, the product of the
distillation, redistillation, or refining of crude pe-
troleum, twonty ccnts per gallon; and all such oils
between the specific gravity, by Baumo's test, of
thirty-six and fifty-nine degrees, inclusive, shall be
doomed icfinod illuminating oil, and any person or
0 persons who, for purposes of sale or consumption .shall
mix any of the heavier paraffino oils with illuminat-
ing oils, or with naphtha, or either ono with the other,
shall bo deemed manufacturers of illuminating oil,
and taxed as such, and said oil thus mixed, either
with or without furthor distillation, shall be subject
to a tax of twenty cents per gallon, if, alter said mix-
ing or distillation, the product marks, by JJaumo's
hydrometer, between said points of thirty-six and
fifty-nine degrees, inclusive.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
strikeout "purposes," in line twenty-one hun-
dred and ninety-six, and to insert "the pur-
pose."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
The committee further proposed to amend
n line twenty-one hundred and ninety-eight,
after the word "with" to insert " such."
The PKESIDENTpro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made, there being no objection.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows :
On illuminating, lubricating, or other mineral oils,
marking not less than thirty-six nor more than fifty-
nine degrees Baume's hydrometer, the exclusive
product of the refining of crude oil produced by a
single distillation of coal, shale, asphaltum, peat, or
other bituminous substances, not otherwise provided
for, ten ccnts per gallon.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows :
On oil, naphtha, benzine, benzole, or gasoline,
marking more than fifty-nine degrees liaumc'shy-
drometer, the product of the distillation, redistilla-
tion, or refining of crude petroleum, or of crude oil
produced by a single distillation of coal, shale, peat,
asphaltum, or other bituminous substances, a tax of
ten ccnts per gallon: Provided, That distillers and
refiners of illuminating, lubricating, or other mineral
oil, naphtha, benzine, benzole, or gasoline, shall be
subject to all the provisions of law applicable to dis-
tillers of spirits, with regard to special taxes, bonds,
returns, assessments removing to and withdrawing
from warehouses, liens, penalties drawbacks, and all
other provisions designed for tfie purpose of ascer-
taining the quantity distilled and securing the pay-
ment of duties, so far as the same may, in the judg-
ment of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
under regulations prescribed by him, be deemed ne-
cessary for that purpose: And provided further, That
distillers and refiners of coal or mineral oil, whose
product shall not exceed twenty-five barrels per day,
on a monthly average, shall not be required to make
returns oftener than once in thirty days.
The Committee on Finance proposed an
amendment to this clause, in line twenty-two
hundred#and twenty-two to insert the word
"forfeitures" before "drawbacks," and in
line twenty-two hundred and twenty-four to
strike out " duties" and insert "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next item, to which no amendment was
proposed, was read, namely:
On spirits of turpentine, ten ccnts per gallon.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On coffee, roasted or ground, on all ground spices
and dry mustard, and upon all articles intended for
use as substitutes for or as adulterations of coffee,
spices, or mustard, and upon all compounds and
mixtures prepared for sale, or intended for use and
sale as coffee, spice <, or mustard, or os substitutes
therefor, ono cent per pound: Provided, That the
exemption of $1,000 in annual value of product man-
ufactured shall not apply to any of the above-speci-
fied articles.
The Committee on Finance reported on
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the following items r
On molasses produced from the sugar-cano, and not
from sorghum or imphee, a tax of three cents per
gallon.
On sirup of molasses or sugar-cane juice, when
removed from the plantation, concentrated molasses
ormelado, and cistern bottoms, of sugar produced
from the sugar-cane and not made from sorghum or
imphee, a tax of three fourths of one cent per pound.
On sugar not above number twelve Dutch stand-
ard in color, produced from the sugar-cane and not
from sorghum or imphee, other than those produced
by the refiner, a tax of ono cent per pound.
On sugars above number twelve and not abovo
number eighteen Dutch standard in color, produced
directly from the sugar-cane and not from sorghum
or imphee, a tax of ono and one half cent per pound.
On sugar above number eighteen Dutch standard
in color, produced directly from the sugar-cane and
not from sorghum or imphee, a tax of two cents per
pound.
The Committee on Finance proposed an
amendment to these items, to strike out the
words "and not from sorghum or imphee"
wherever they occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On the gross amount of the sales of sugar refiners,
including all the products of their manufactories or
refineries, a tax of two and one half of one per cent.
ad valorem: Provided, That every person shall be
regarded as a sugar refiner, and pay the taxes re-
quired bylaw, whose business it is to advance tho
quality and value of sugar upon which a tax or duty
has been paid, by melting andrecrystallization, orby
liquoring, claying, or other washing process, or by
any other chemical or mechanical means, or who
shall by boiling or other process advance the quality
or value of molasses, concentrated molasses or me-
lado, upon which a tax has been paid.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to this clause, in line twenty-two
hundred and sixty-hix, after the word " tax,"
to strike out the words " or duty."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment should
be disagreed to. In that particular connection,
the words " or duty" should remain in the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The words " or duty"
should be inserted after the word "tax" in
line twenty-two hundred and seventy-one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On sugar candy and all confectionery made wholly
or in part of sugar, valued at not exceeding twenty
cents per pound, a tax of two ccnts per pound in-
cluding tho tax; exceeding twenty and not exceed-
ing forty ccnts per pound including the tax, a tax of
four ccnts per pound; when exceeding forty cents
per pound, including.the tax, or sold by the box, pack-
age, or otherwise than by the pound, a tax of ten per
cent, ad valorem.
The Committee on Finance proposed an
amendment to this clause, in line tweuu-two
hundred and seventy-four, after the word
"pound" to insert the words "including the
tax," and after the word "pound," at the end
of the same line, to strike out the words "in-
cluding the tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the following items, to
which the Committee on Finance proposed no
amendment, namely:
On chocolate and cocoa prepared, a tax of one and
a half cent per pound.
Oil gun-cotton, a tax of five per cent, ad valorem.
On gunpowder, and all explosive substances u^ed
for mining, blasting, artillery, or sporting purposes,
not otherwise provided for, when valued at thirty-
eight cents per pound or less, including the tax, a tax
of five per cent, ad valorem; and when valued at
above thirty-eight cents per pound including the tax,
a tax of ten cents per pound.
On varnish or Japan, made wholly or in part of
gum copa), or other gums or substances, a tax of five
per cent, ad valorem.
The Committee on Finance proposed to insert
after the above clauses the following:
On sulphate of barytes, a tax of twelve cents per
one hundred pounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the following items, to
which no amendment was proposed, namely:
On glue and gelatine of all descriptions, in tho solid
state, a tax of ono cent per pound.
On glue and cement, made wholly or in part of
glue, sold in the liquid state, a tax of forty cents per
gallon.
On pins, solid head or other, a tax of five per cent,
ad valorem.
On photographs, ambrotypes, daguerreotypes, or
other pictures taken by the action of light, and not
hereinafter exempted from tax, a tax of five per
cent, ad valorem.
On screws, commonly called wood screws, a tax of
ten per cent, ad valorem.
On clocks and time-pieces, and on clock movements,
when sold without being cased, a tax of five per cent.
ad valorem.
On all soaps valued at above three ccnts per pound,
not perfumed, and on salt-water soap made of cocoa-
nut oil, a tax of five mills per pound.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On all other perfumed soaps, a tax of three cents
per pound.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
strike out "other" before "perfumed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following items, to which the Committee
on Finance reported.no amendment, were
read, namely:
On all uncompounded chemical productions not
otherwise provided for, a tax of five per cent, ad
v<dorem.
On essential oils of all descriptions, a tax of fil^o
per cent, ad valorem.
On all furniture, or other articles made of wood,
sold in thorough or unfinished, not othorwise pro-
videdfor, a tax of fivepercent. ad valorem: Provided,
That all furniture, or other articles made of wood,
previously assessed, and a tax paid thereon, shall be
assessed a tax of fivo per ccnt. ad valorem upon the
increased value only thereof when sold in a finished
condition.
On salt, a tax of three cents per one hundred
pounds.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment, to insert after the above items
the following:
On reapers, mowers, threshing-machines, and sep-
arators, corn-shellers, wooden-ware, mills, and the
machinery for tho manufacture of sugar, sirup, and
molasses from sorghum, imphoc, beet, and corn, and
machinery driven by horse power, throe per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to amend that
amendment. The word 44separators" should
be "separators," and after the word "machin-
ery" the words " exclusively .adapted to be"
should be insertedj so as to read, "and ma-
chinery exclusively adapted to be driven by
horse power.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) That amendment will be made
if there be no objection: and the question is on
the amendment of the committee, as amended.
Mr. GRIMES. Upon that question 1 shall
be constrained to ask a separate vote of the
Senate. I should like to have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KlRKWOOD. In looking at the bill
as it came from the House of Representatives
I notice on page ICG that "reapers, mowers,
threshing-machines, and separators, corn-shell-
ers, and wooden-ware " were placed in the free
list j but this amendment proposes to subject
them to a tax of three per cent. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to. It is striking
directly at the people among whom I live in a
very severe way, and 1 hope the Senate will
not agree to it. I notice upon page 106 that
the committee have amended the bill as it came
from the House by inserting "safes, looms,
spinning-machines, pumps, steam-engines, hot-
air and hot-water furnaces, and sewing-ma-
chines '? in the free list, while they have amended
the same page by striking from the free list
"reapers, mowers.threshing-machines, and sep-
arators, corn-shellers, and wooden-ware," and
now they propose to put them in the tax list.
I hope the Senate will not consent to it. These
"reapers, mowers, threshing-machines, and
separators, corn-shellers, wooden-ware, mills,
and the machinery for the manufacture of
sugar, sirup, and molasses from sorghum, im-
phee," &c., are absolutely indispensable in the
northwestern States. We cannot do anything
without them. You might just as well tax our
plows and harrows. The scarcity of labor in
that country is such that we cannot do our work
otherwise than by this machinery.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lias the Senator suf-
fered very much within the last two or three
years as the tax stood?
Mr. KlRKWOOD. Our people have been
compelled to pay enormously high prices for
