vsm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
uttermost to discover every little article that
could bear taxation, we are asked by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks,] in
words of glowing eloquence, in "thoughts that
breathe and words that bum," to appropriate
$400,000 of the people's money ; and when ho
closed his speech last evening, and the com-
mittee rose, everybody seemed converted, and
honorable members seemed impatient to get
this amount of money out of the Treasury with
the least possible expenditure of time.
Sir, I speak by the record when I say that the
expense of this undertaking will be §400,000.
And I ask gentlemen here who propose to vote
for this measure, how they can justify to their
constituents such a vote at this time when we
have such a vast debt upon us, and such grind-
ing taxation to pay the interest, when there are
so many meritorious objects for which we could
vote this money. If we have got this money
to spare, let us vote it in the way of additional
pensions to the widows and orphans of the
heroes who gave up their lives to save the Re-
public. Let something be voted, if we have so
much money to spare, to improve the dilapi-
dated harbors of the country, to clear out and
improve the channels of the magnificent rivers
of the West, so that our commerce can float
"unvexed to the sea.'' These are objects in
which all the people are interested.
Why, sir, let mo tell my friends from the
Northwest, let me tell my friend from the
Cleveland district of Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,]
who as I am surprised to see is a champion of
this measure, that at the last Congress we could
only appropriate $250,000 for all the harbors
in the country, including those upon the beau-
tiful lakes which lave our northwestern shores,
and among others the harbor of his own beau-
tiful city, which sits proudly like a queen on
Lake Erie. Yet he is willing to come here
and join in the clamor for this appropriation
of $1-50,000 more than the whole sum we could
afford to appropriate in the last Congress for
all the harbors in the country for the benefit
of the commerce of the country.
Now, sir, what is the necessity for the large
expenditure now proposed? What reasons can
gentlemen give for voting away money for such
an object? As I have remarked, sir, we did
not make any appropriations for the Exhibitions
of 18-31 and 18.35 aud 1802 ; yet, sir, I believe
we got along very well. I had the honor to
represent the State of Illinois in the Industrial
Exhibition at Paris in 185-3; and I paid my
own expenses. I did nor ask any money from
the State of Illinois; and the State of Illinois
did not come begging to Congress to have me
or anybody else paid.
Mr. ROSS. 1 desire to ask my colleague
whether he did not vote yesterday for an appro-
priation of $25,000 to pay forprmting a Repub-
lican campaign document.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to be' interrupted by any such impertinent
question. I have not voted for printing any
campaign document. If my colleague wants
to justify himself for voting for this measure
he may do so to his constituents. Gentlemen
talk about the necessity of this appropriation
in order to send forward the specimens of
American ingenuity and American industry.
No man feels prouder of these things than I
do. but such specimens can and will be sent
without a charge upon the national Treasury.
Why, sir, in that Exhibition of 18-35, one of
the grandest specimens of American ingenuity,
one of the most useful of inventions was the
mowing and reaping machine of Manny, then
of my district. That machine, which attracted
as much attention as anything else there, was
taken there by the public-spirited inventor, Mr.
Manny, now no more, but Vhose memory de-
serves' a monument for what he accomplished
for the agricultural interest. He scorned to
ask 1 he Government for pecuniary aid in exhib-
iting his great and useful invention. On the
other hand, by the exhibition of his machine
there, he attracted the attention of all Europe
to it, andfoundhis return, notonlyindollarsand
cents, but in the personal gratification he derived.
Let me say on behalf of Illinois, as the gen-
tleman alluded to my State in his speech yes-
terday, that she docs not comfe here and ask to
put her hand into the Treasury in order to pay
for the transportation of any property or per-
sons that may desire to participate in that Ex-
position. Our Governor, as I see by a recent
paper, has already appointed an agent on behalf
of the State who will attend the Exposition of
1867, either at his own expense or at the ex-
pense of the State. Illinois has not come here
and petitioned Congress to intervene in this
behalf.
Now, sir, I desire to call attention to the par-
ticular provisions of this joint resolution. Let
us see whether members know what it is they
are proposing to vote for. My distinguished
friend from Massachusetts, like a skillful mil-
itary man, finding that his real position was
weak, set up a tremendous cannonade along
other parts of the line in order to divert atten-
tion from the weak point; and I do not know
but that, amid the roar of artillery and the
screaming of shells and the shouts of antici-
pated victory, the attention of the committee
was somewhat diverted from the real provis-
ions of his measure. •
Sir, it reminded me of an incident of the
battle of the Wilderness, on that terrible 0th
of May, when so many of our brave sons laid
down their lives on that blood-moistened bat-
tle-field that the nation might live. About
eleven o'clock at night, when all was appar-
ently quiet, in the lines of the rebel center a
most terrific and prolonged yell was hoard,
which continued for a long time. No one in
our lines was able to divine what it meant. No
one could tell the reason of this prolonged and
terrific "rebel shout and hiss. It was only since
the capture of Lee's army at Appomattox Court-
House that I learned, in conversation with a
distinguished rebel general, who was present
on the ground, what it meant. I asked him
what was the cause of it, and he replied, '■ Our
right was very weak, and we feared you would
attack us there; so we set up that yell in the
center to call your attention from our weak
point." So it is with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. By his plausible and ingenious
speech, talking about everything else except the
proposition under discussion, he undertakes to
divert our attention from the weak point in his
line while he puts his bill through! [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, I want candid, plain,
country members to come and talk with mc a
little about this joint resolution on which we
are now about to vote. The very first line of
the very first section gives away $100,000.
Now, $100,000 for what? "For the purpose
herein specified.'' What is the purpose herein
specified ? It is, first, for the compensation of
the principal agent of the Exhibition in the
United States, whose salary for the period of
his service shall be at the rate of $2,000 per
annum.
Here is the first new office we make, and pay
a salary of $2,000 per annum.
What else? Second, for other new offices
and new compensation! Why, sir, it is for
the compensation of four clerks in New York
and four clerks in Paris, whose salaries shalj
be as follows: one at, y1,fi00, one at $1,400,
and two at $1,200 each.
Four clerks in New York city and four more
in Paris, to be employed indefinitely at a given
annual compensation: and to do what, all ot
these eight clerks? Can any man tell me how
they are to be employed and what they will
have to do except drawing their salary?
Then next we have, as number three, a pro-
vision for the compensation of professional and
scientific commissioners, ten in number^ to be
appointed by the President, at the rate of $1,000
each per annum, $10,000.
Ten '' professional and scientific commission-
ers " with salaries amounting in all to $10,000,
and what are to be their peculiar functions,
except drawing their salaries?
Now, Mr. Chairman, I hope my distinguished
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will
not take advantage of his great influence with
the President to secure.all theseappointments.
[Laughter and applause:]
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; I will only ask
for two.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllmois. My friend
says lie will be satisfied with two of them,-and
that will leave eight for my honorable friend
from Massachusetts. [Renewed laughter.]- ■
Here, Mr. Chairman, are only nineteen new
officers, whom we propose to pay out of the pub-
lic Treasury, when we hear a clamor all over
the House, on this side and the other, "No
more new officers, no increase of salaries. This
is the timeforretrenchmentandreform." Yet
at one fell swoop we are asked to provide for
the appointment of nineteen new officers and
to pay them out of the public Treasury. For
what? Why are we to tax our constituents?
Why are we to tax the whole people of the
United States? Why, sir, to pay these men
who want to go abroad at the public expejpe,
and have goods, wares, and merchandise of
private individuals transported free of cost to
foreign countries.
Mr. Chairman, it might be a good thing to
have a representative at Paris during the time
of this Exposition. If we could only appoint
my distinguished friend from Massachusetts I
would say, amen. I might then turn in and
help his bill through, for he, with his intelli-
gence, with his suavity of manner, with his
splendid deportment, would do us infinite credit
at the French court. [Laughter.] Why. sir,
with a swallow-tail coat, a white choker, and
tight breeches he would flourish in the salons
of the Tuileries equal to any Frenchman m all
Paris. [Renewed laughter.] It would, in-
deed, be a very grand thing to be there at the
Government expense. After a comfortable
stroll in the morning lie could go and take his
breakfast at the " Trois Fibres Provencals,"
or at Dul'our's, or at Very's in the Palaia
Royal, which property I believe they tell us
once belonged to the rotten old Duke of Or-
leans, Philippe Egalit6 as he called himself in
the Revolution ; and lie could dine, too, at the
MaisonDor6eon the Boulevard desltalicnncs ;
and in the evening he could waltz with the
little misses in their teens at the Chateau des
Flours or the Jardin d'Hiver. [Laughter.]
And from thence ho could go to the Caf6
Anglais and get a petit sotiper. [Laughter.]
Further than that, there are other and nobler
things for a man to go to Paris to see, partic-
ularly at the public expense. He could go out
to the galleries at Versailles and look at the
magnificent paintings of all the greatest artists
and which illustrate every great event in the
history of France from the earliest days. He
could go, sir, to the Place de la Concorde, for-
merly the Place de la Revolution, where the
best blood of France ran in torrents during the
Revolution. He could wander through the
Boulevards. He could visit the Place de la
Bastile. He could go to the Jardin desPlantes
and to St. Cloud. In the evening he could
pass out through the grand Arc de Triomphe
and take a pleasant little airing in the Bois
Boulogne, lie could wander around and look
at all the places famous in French history. He
could enter the prison of the Conciergerie,
where the Girondists, the most gifted and elo-
quent and generous men in all France, were
incarcerated before they were brought to the
revolutionary tribunal, and he could see where,
after they were guillotined, their headless
trunks were buried in pine boxes at a cost of
twenty-two francs each to the republic! Sir, who
would not go to France at the public expense ?
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him whether he thinks the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs could
do all that on $1,000 a year? _
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllmois. That.would
depend upon circumstances. I do not tliink
my friend from Massachusetts is very extrava-
gant. They can live very cheaply in Paris.
But, sir, to go on a little. Here is a proviso
ion in the bill that strikes me as most singular:
Fourth, J?or the erection of any additional stru«-
