1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March it,
toe which may become necessary for the proper ex-
hibition of any of the material products of the Uni-
ted States, the sum of $-50,000: Provided, That one
half the cost of said structure shall be assessed upon
the owners, proprietors, or exhibitors of the articles
and products for the exhibition of which it is erected,
and good and sufficient guarantees taken for the re-
imbursement thereof to the Treasury of the United
States.
That is a most extraordinary provision. We
are acting here, as I understood the gentleman
from. Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to say^under
a polite invitation from the French Government,
and it is a polite Government. Sir, you are
invited to be present, as the guests in a meas-
ure, and in the presence, of the French nation
?,nd participate in this grand exhibition. And
when we get there does the gentleman say that
we are t,o be taxed rent for the room we occupy
at the Exhibition? I do not believe that can
be so, for it is not in character with the French
people. Is that the way my distinguished friend
from Massachusetts invites his neighbors and
frkpds into his magnificent chateau in the good
old town of Waltham? [Laughter.] Does he
ask his guests to pay rent for the room they
occupy when they visit him? And permit me
to say to my friend, I have a great regard for
Waltham. It is the birth-place of my maternal
grandfather. [Renewed laughter.] And let
me here remark in passing that this puts me in
mind of an incident that happened the other
day in a discussion, when the gentleman [Mr.
Banks] said I had taunted New England. Sir,
that is not so. I never taunted Now England.
She is my mother, and I love lier because she
is my mother. And it is because I would see
New England great and glorious, and reaching
the position which she is entitled to in the face
of all mankind, that I sometimes, as a New
England man and proud of my own native
Stale of Maine, venture to .suggest that she is
not always as liberal and just to other sections
as she should be.
And the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Alley]
took particular pains to tell the House and to tell
New England that I was opposed to everything
from that section. That was a strange state-
ment to be made by I hat gentleman when he was
using hisollicial position in behalf of a gigantic
New England interest, and if the spirit of his
measure should bo carried out it would crush
a vital interest of eight million people in the
Northwest. 1 mean the obstruction of the navi-
fation of that great highway of commerce, the
lississippi river, by the building of bridges
which interfere with the navigation, and then
legalizing them by act of Congress, closing
up the great natural channels of transit, and
making all our people tributary to tin1 railroads
alone which are now devouring their substance.
Then for expenses at Paris and New York as
the commissioners may direct $5,000 is appro-
priated. _ Sir, who are these commissioners,
and how is this moijpy to be expended, and for
what particular purpose? Where is the re-
sponsibility? To whom do they make returns ?
We are voting away the public money with no
guarantees Ivora anybody.
And now I come to the amendment which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
proposes to introduce, and I ask the attention
oi the committee while 1 read it and they will
sec how S'UMIOO more is to go :
To provide necossary furniture and fixtures for
the proper exhibition of articles and products of iu-
du*tiy ot the United States according to the plan of
the imperial commissioners in that partof the build-
ing exclusively assigned to the use of tho United
States, 8 iS,000.
This is in the same line I have referred to.
paying by the Government the expenses of
private individuals in furthering their own
interests.
And now I come to that section in the ori-
ginal bill, the language of which the gentleman
proposes somewhat to change, but not 1 think
very materially. This section was too ex-
traordinary even for the capacious demands
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. It directed, at the request of tho Sec-
retary of State, that the Secretary of the Navy
should furnish one or more public vessels for
the transportation from New York to France,
and return, of such articles as might be offered
under the direction of the commissioners at
New York for e'xhibition at Paris. And the
Secretary of the Navy was authorized to trans-
fer from the general naval appropriation to
the account of the Exposition at Paris any
expense necessarily incurred in preparing
vessels assigned to this duty for receiving and
transferring articles and products intended for
exhibition. That, I say, was too much even
for the capacious demand of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs; so he has
qualified it to a very little extent, but not ma-
terially. According to the amendment which
the gentleman proposes, the President of the
United States, instead of the Secretary of the
Navy, is authorized and requested to furnish
one or more public vessels for the transporta-
tion from New York to France of such articles
and products of industry of the United States.
About all there is of it is the change from the
Navy Department to the President.
I will here ask to have read a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy in which he treats of
this subject, and in which he says that in order
to carry out the provisions of the original
measure as proposed by the gentleman it would
cost $300,000. That amount, added to the
$100,000 directly appropriated, would make it,
as I stated, $400,000.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy Department, February!, 1866.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge tho receipt
of your letter of the 26tli ultimo, calling my attention
to the second section of a joint resolution to provide
for the expenses attending the exhibition of the,prod-
ucts of industry of the United States at the Exposi-
tion in Paris in 18G7, and respcctlully submit the
following replies to your several inquiries:
1. There ai e no vessels belonging to the Navy which
are not dismantled now unemployed, or likely to be
unemployed during tho year 1866, adapted to the con-
templated sorvice.
2. Naval vessels arc not adapted to the carrying of
bulky freights. Every portion of a war vessel is
specially an anged for that service and not for freight,
and these arrangements cannot be interfered with
without material changes and much discomfort to
otiiccrs and men. The expense of conveiting a war
vessel into a freighting ship would be very great, and
then to restore her to her original conditional a naval
vessel after such scrvice was perforated would in-
volve as largo or a greater amount. It would doubt-
less be more economical for the Government to charter
a vessel requiring no alterations.
3. There is not a surplus ot unemployed officers
and men in the servicc, the number of each having
been promptly reduced to the lowest peace standard
when hostilities coased. The Department cannot,
thciefore, perform tho proposed irregular duty for
which it has made no estimates and has no appropri-
ation, without inconvenience and embarrassment.
1. There is no "general naval appropriation." All
the appropnations lor this Department are specific,
and cap only be used for the purposes specified in tho
act which authorizes them. The only appropriation
of a general character is that tor "contingent, of tile
Nav>," which amouuts to $2,10,000. As the expenses
of courts-martial, travel of oliicers, and the vast
multitude of minor matters aro paid from this ap-
propriation, for winch careful estimates are made, it
will be apparent that no portion of that appiopiia-
tion can bo diverted for any such purposes as those
proposed in the resolution, yet there is no other.
It Congress decides to embark m <his Exhibition,
I would suggest a special appropriation from the
Treasury. Should the matter be devolved upon this
Department, I should doubt if the service could be
properly executed for a much less sum than ifoOO.OOO.
llio proposed expenditure is, however, m no sense
a naval expenditure, has no connection with the na-
val service, is not under naval super vision or con tiol,
and tho amount which the Paris Exhibition may cost
the Government ought not to ho drawn fiom any of
tfae naval appropriations. The resolution is in con-
flict with law and usage, which i equires that all naval
appropriations shall be for specified purposes. Nei-
ther the Department nor any of its bureaus has made
estimates for any such expenditure, nor should their
estimates bo thus interlerod with.
It has not been usual in our past legislation for Con-
gress, to direct that one Department of the Govern-
ment should besubordinateorsubservienttoanother
Department, or to place the resources of oncDepart-
mcnt at the disposal of another. A true and correct
oxhibit of the expenses of the Navy Department will
not go forth to the country if the naval appropria-
tions arc by resolution transferred to the State De-
partment to be used for other,than naval purposes.
I havo tho honor to be your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. J. W. Grimes, Chairman Committee on Naval
Ajfairs, United Stated Senate.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. The rea-
sons which are set forth in that letter in oppo-
sition to the section as originally reported ap-
ply with almost equal force to the section which
is to be proposed as an amendment. And 1
desire to say here that although I have been
compelled to differ with the Secretary of the
Navy on many questions, I tender to him the
tribute of my thanks for his efforts in attempt-
ing to prevent the subordination of his Depart-
ment to private and corporate interests.
There is another section that I will now ad-
vert to. The gentleman in his committee-room
made some provision about the return of the
amount of freight, but as he warmed up in his
speech and saw evidences of satisfaction all
around him and an apparent eagerness to vote
away the public money in this direction, he pro-
posed to strike out that section in which it was
provided that the Government should get a
little money back, so that there would be noth-
ing left of that, and nothing will come back to
our empty coffers.
Now, sir, I am opposed to this measure for
the reasons I have stated, and further on the
ground of our relations with the Powers of
Europe. Do not members of this committee
know that we have been scorned, insulted, and
spit upon by every nation of Europe except
one during the long and bloody war through
which we have passed?
Mr. SMITH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question just at this point. I under-
stand this Exhibition is open to tho world. I
would like to know if the gentleman has any
information, directly or indirectly, that the re-
public of Mexico has been invited to be present
with her articles of exhibition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.Chair-
man, of course there has been no such invitation,
for the iron heel of the military power of France
has crushed out the life of the Mexican republic.
Now, sir, T have no prejudice against the
French, for French blood flows in the veins of
those nearest and dearest to me. I cannot for-
get the friendship of France, Bourbon France,
to us in the days of the Revolution, when Ben-
jamin Franklin, dressedin his shad-bellied coat,
was kissed by the ladies of the court of Louis
XVI. I cannot forget that France was the
country of La Fayette and Rochambeau, of
De Chastelleux and De Lauzun, and so many
other noble Frenchmen who aided us in our
revolutionary struggle. I cannot forget that
French soldiers in the darkest trials of the Rev-
olution marched with our own soldiers shoul-
der to shoulder, and elbow touching elbow, to
achieve our independence. I do not and I can-
not forget all these things. I love France for
what she did for my country. But as for Eng-
land, it is quite different. I feel toward that
proud, haughty, and arrogant nation no single
friendly emotion.
But speaking more particularly as regards
France, in the face of events and of history,
I cannot overlook the conduct of that empire
toward us during our recent struggle for our
national existence. How swiftly and-with what
indecent haste did she, as well as England,
accord belligerent rights to those red-handed
rebels who were attempting to destroy the fair
fabric of our Government. How she failed to
give us any sympathy, and how all her moral
support was given to rebels and traitors, and
the efforts she made to get other nations to join
her in acknowledging the bogus confederate
government. I cannot forgot that in the darkest
hours of our trial she stabbed us in the most
vital part by planting her troops, as a continu-
ing menace and an eternal defiance to us, in
the neighboring republic of Mexico ; and those
troops she keeps there to-day. I cannot for-
get that she has placed upon the throne of that
country an "Austrian adventurer." I cannot
forget these things ; I do not think we are called
upon to forget them. And with those things
fresh and deep in the hearts of our people, I say
there is every reason why we should not be too
forward in this matter.
There was one extraordinary remark made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts in his
speech of yesterday to which I wish to call the
attention of the committee. It was one which
struck me with surprise and astonishment. He
said that "Napoleon desires a war with this
