2352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
The following are the tables to which I have
referred:
tpe staff cokps.
Number of officer* in the several staff corps of the Army
according to the Army Register for 1865.
Corps or department.
Adjutant General's department...
Qu irtcrmaster's department 
Subsistence department 
Pay department 
Corps of Engineers 
Oidnance department 
Bureau of Miiitai-y Justice 
Inspectors General 
General Officers :
Lieutenant general 
Major generals , 
Brigadier generals 
Total 
O
18
39
27
10
86
5-t
°4°
~ 1
5
256
C ci
© 3
fc'S
21
65
29
27
86
74
2
9
313
1
5
71 ! 327
The Army Register for 1885 shown that there are eleven
hundred and twenty-four officer's of all grades in the
cavalry, artillery, and infantry regiments of the United
States Army, divided as follows :
In the six regiments of cavalry, all
grades 
In the live regiments of artillery,
all grades 
In the nineteen regiments of in-
fantry, all grades 
The following vacancies existed
1 January 1,1868,) in the same
regiments, and have been filled,
or arenowbeingiilled, by officers
ol'thevolunteerserviee, namely,
cavalry, 56; artillery, 98; in-
fantry, 410 
The bill now beforetlieilousepro-
vides lor eighteen new regiments
of infantry, to be officered exclu-
sively by appointments from tho
volunteer vservice 
In the liity-tour companies to be
added to tho twenty-seven bat-
talions ol infantry now in the
service, all officers of theocracies
ol' first and second lieutenants
are to bo from officers of volun-
teers 
Two thirds ol all other grades
from volunteers 
In the six new regiments of cav-
alry. there will be 204 officers,
divided as follows: all first and
second lieutenants and two
thiids of all other grades fiom
volunteers 
54
102
128
284
30
04
« a
& «s
O
154
135
551
237
679
840 ,1,124
564
630
108
60
230
564
630
108
90
264
318 2,432)2,7:
The object of this bill, therefore, it will be
seen, is to make a volunteer Army as it were,
so far as deriving the material which is to
compose tho number of its officers is con-
cerned. I mention this matter, because ob-
jection is made to an extension of the Army
at this time, or to the creation of an Army
at all.
Now, in regard to the extension of the Army,
I have only to say, it has become, in the opin-
ion at least of those who have charge of the
military affairs of the country, and of the
Department presiding over those military af-
iuirs, an absolute necessity to have something
done which shall increase our regular Army,
and put it upon that more extended footing
which it is to have if the wants and needs of
the Government arc to be supplied.
1 he House may not be aware of the gradual
diminution of the volunteer Army. I have
statistics upon the subject, which I will state
briefly. _ E ven while we have been progressing
with this bill volunteers have been necessarily
mustered out of service from the expiration of
their terms of enlistment and the necessity of
treating them at the close of hostilities as enti-
tled to their discharge, until there remained
on the 18th of April only twelve thousand two
hundred and one white volunteers and eighteen
thousand three hundred and fifty-eight colored
volunteers, or a total of thirty thousand five
hundred and fifty-nine volunteers, out of an
army of one million five hundred and sixteen
men which we had in the service at tlie close
of the war.
Let me restate it. At the close of the war we
had an army of regulars and volunteers of one
million five hundred and sixteen m.en. Of these,
fifteen thousand were regulars, leaving a total
of volunteers in service at the close of tlie war
of nine hundred and eighty-five thousand five
hundred and sixteen. Of these there have
been mustered out to the 18th of last month,
until the number remaining was only thirty
thousand five hundred and fifty-nine. And
since the 18th of April there are known to
have been mustered out of service because of.
expiration of terms of service and of orders
already issued about fifteen hundred men.
Perhaps another five hundred should be added
to that number for the past week, for these sta-
tistics are a week old. -But counting these
fifteen hundred only, it will be seen that the
volunteer force of the Army, including colored
as well as white troops, has been' reduced to
twenty-nine thousand and fifty-nine men-.
This leaves, therefore, scarcely anything to
be relied upon except the regular Army, and
nothing whatever to be relied upon after a few
weeks more. It is natural, therefore, thatthose
having charge of the military service of the
country should be turning their eyes anxiously
in the direction of Congress to see what is to
be done in order to provide a sufficient army
for all the needs of the Government, whether
on the frontier or throughout the interior of the
country, or upon our widely-extended coast,
wherever garrisons arc kept up.
The present strength of the .regular Army,
in consequence of the more rapid enlistments
since the discharge of the volunteers, is about
thirty thousand. There can be an extension
altogether to the number of from forty-two to
forty-three thousand, which is the entire limit
of the present regular Army. In the course of
a few months, or even weeks, we shall find our-
selves entirely destitute of any volunteer force
whatever under the operation of the orders
already existing, and unless some bill be passed
to continue in service the colored troops and
other troops, we shall find ourselves with an
army which at its maximum can be only a little
over forty thousand.
Now. sir, admitting the necessity of a mili-
tary establishment, extended to meet the re-
quirements of the country, and equal to that
which we are told from the headquarters of the
Army, and from the Military Department itself,
is absolutely essential, the next question is
whether this is an appropriate time for creat-
ing such an army. I hold that this is a pecu-
liarly appropriate time. We are now in the
transition state from war to a peace establish-
ment. We have now in the country an abun-
dance of skilled officers and skilled soldiers.
Wo have above all a proposition to embody
into an army system a number of officers con-
stituting the great bulk of that army, who will
enter the now organization fresh from this war
to suppress the rebellion, and full of all the
sympathies, all tho sentiments, all the love of
country, and all the zeal to maintain at all
hazards the honor of the flag and the integrity
of the country in all time hereafter, which they
learned in their experience and in their noble
service during the late war.
I hold, therefore, that adopting as we do a
system of examinations so that officers shall
be thoroughly tried as to their merit, including
their efficiency and fidelity in the service in
which they have been so lately engaged, we
can select no better time to put into the inde-
pendent position of officers who will hold their
offices duriug good behavior a body of men
thoroughly adapted to maintain and defend
our institutions through all time to come, than
now when we can make up that army from
men fresh from the field of war, on which they
have nobly defended our institutions and the
integrity of our Government.
Sir, I do not propose to extend these re-
marks. I wish merely to call the attention of
the House to these two propositions: that, in
tho first place, the army which we propose to
create is an army no greater than is propor-
tioned, according to the judgment of all those
best qualified to judge of the matter, to the needs
of the country in its extended interests; and in
the next place that this army in its component
character is made up of those who have served
the country faithfully, and who thus have been
imbued with such seutiments of devotion to
the country and its flag and all its highest in-
terests as will make them the best possible
material from which to select such an army.
Mr. Speaker, I now call for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BOYEii. Mr. Speaker, would it be in
order now to move to postpone ?
The SPRAKER. It would be if the previous
question should not be seconded.
Mr. ROSS. Would it be in order to move
to recommit with instructions?
The SPEAKER. If the call for the previous
question should not be sustained, that motion
can be made.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 57, noes 28; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Sciiexck and
Boyer.
The House was again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. COYER. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. TAYLOR. If this bill be laid upon the
table, then what will be the position of the
Senate bill?
The SPEAKER. The Senate bill is before
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman will withdraw the motion to lay
upon the table, and let the vote be taken on
the passage of the bill, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. BOYEii. I withdraw the motion to lay
upon the table.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays S3, not voting
6-1; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R.Ashley, Bnndy,
ReaderVV. Clarke, Co'oh, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs,
Garfield, Hpudeison, Holmes, Asahel W.'Hubbard,
Chester T). Hubbard, Ingersoll, Lonpyear, Lynch,
Marvin, McKee, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Paine,
Patterson,Plants, Alexander II. Kiee. Rollins, Saw-
yer, Schenek, SoofieM,Smith, Stevens, St.ilwell, Rob-
ert'!1. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Wellcer,and
Williams—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, James M.
Ashley, l>!iKf-r, Baldwin, Beanian, Benjamin, Bergen,
Bidwell, BouiwcU, Boyer, Braudesee, Broomall,
Buckland, tm-nler, Sidney Clarke, Coffroth, Conk-
ling, Oullom, Darling, Dawson, Detrees,-Delano, Den-
ton, Dodge, Eidridqe,Farqnhar, Ferry, Finek, Glos3-
brenner, Under, Grrinnell, Aaron Ilaruing, Abncr C.
Harding. Iiait, tuuby. Hotehkiss, James R. Hubbell,
Huibnrd, James j\l. Humphrey, Jenckes, Julian,
Ka^son, Kelley. Kelso, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lo
Blond, Loan, Marshall, McClurg, Mclluer, Morris,
Moulton, Newell, Nihlack. Nocll. O'Neill, Orth,
Perham, Pike, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Raymond, John H. llice, Ko^s. RJianklin, Shel-
Iabargcr, Sitereavcs, Spalding, Slrouse, Taylor,
Trowbridge, Vail Aernam, Ward, Warner, Ilenry D
Washburn. James I\ Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Window, wmtield, and Wright—S3.
N(>r VOTING Messrs. Alley, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Bmgham, Blame, Blow, Bionwcll, Cook,
Culver, Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Dumont, Fckloy, Tog-
gles ton, Lhot, Furnsworth, Goodyear, Griswold,
|TaLe, Hams Hayes, Hill, llognn, Hooper. Demas
Uuobard, Join II. Hubbard. Edwin JIubbcll,
James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Keteham,
i  V V111}' George \. Lawrence, Marston,
McCullouprli, Melndoe, Mereur, Myers, Nicholson,
i helps, Potucroy, Price, Radford, Ritter, Rogers,
Rousseau, bloan, Starr, Taber, Thayer, Francis
1 nomas John L. Ihomab, Thornton, Trimble, "Up-
wP.V>?wt^,anir()r?OyilliamB. Washburn, Went-
woith, V( haley, and \Yooclbridgc—-64.
. So the bill was rejected.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
ifr. BAXTER. I am paired with my col-
