1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4273
With all the sway of his great place, and, with
all the emphasis he has employed, he Jias in-
sisted throughout that the existence of the test
oath made it safe for each House to admit those
who could take it. He has said that, without
looking to the constituency, we ought to admit
men regularly elected who could qualify by
taking the oath. Has not this been the Presi-
dent's position? Has he not defined loyal
men to be those who could take the oath which
you took, Mr. Speaker, which I took, and
which all must takewho would enter upon any
office, as it stands on the page of the statute ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. And approved
by President Lincoln.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes; approved by Pres-
ident Lincoln, and approved, as James Madi-
son said of another statute, by the universal
acquiescence of the American people. The
President has said the "test oath," and men
who have denounced Congress, if they pre-
tended to be loyal, have said the "test oath "
was the magic barrier, the elixir of life, the
all-sufficient lion in the path of disloyalty^ and
that while we maintained the test oath the Re-
public could take no harpj from admitting rep-
resentatives from States lately in rebellion.
Some of us believed this and some did not.
Some feared that the test oath, if we trusted
to it alone, would lead to the paradox of a con-
stituency having the nominal right of represen-
tation while being itself disloyal, and compelled
to exercise that right by choosing a loyal man
who would not truly reflect the sentiments of
his constituents, or else that disloyal constitu-
encies would choose those who did reflect their
sentiments at heart, but who were dishonest
enough to take the oath notwithstanding. Some
feared that the oath would be no shield against
men, disloyal in fact, who, upon some question
of " casuistry "—I borrow the phrase—would
manage to take it, and who, having thereby
seated themselves in the House or in the Sen-
ate, could never be ousted except by the vote
of an impossible two thirds. But the test oath
was the outpost; it was a point beyond debat-
able propositions; and no man was found to
deny that the oath should be preserved as the
barrier between us and disloyalty; no man, ex-
cept those who were willing to relinquish the
entire position in which loyalty consists.
But now, sir, in spite of all this, what do we
find? In the very first instance in which this
safeguard was needed, the first in which it was
to be relied upon, it is proposed that we shall
throw it away and destroy it utterly, not for
Mr. Patterson alone, but for all those who
would come here. If the oath cannot stand
against Mr. Patterson it cannot stand against
one of those who, reckoning all the fifteen
former slave States, are to cast ninety-four or
ninety-six votes in this House, if Representa-
tives are to be admitted without waiting for the
ratification of the amendment of the Constitu-
tion changing the rule of apportionment and
representation. The southern members will
then number almost one half of this entire
body, and they will find enough here in sym-
pathy with them, if they are to be men who
cannot by an oath purge themselves of treason,
to ring the knell of the day during which the
public credit is to be preserved, during which
the public faith is to be kept inviolate, during
which repudiation is to be spurned and driven
from these Halls.
Sir, I say it is amazing; I say this whole
scene to-night is a sad commentary, a picture
sorrowful to be gazed upon by the people of
this country, and justly sorrowful to none so
much as to those who have argued and believed
that we would have been safe heretofore in ad-
mitting even the most regenerated, the most
redeemed, the most disinthralled of the rebel-
lious States.
I have nothing of personal feeling, by way of
unlundness, in regard to the individual whose
name and representative position is at stake.
But we have heard a statement made in his
behalf, which as his advocate I should never
make, certainly not as a part of the argument
to sustain the case presented to this House.
H9th Cong. 1st Hess.—No. 2G8.
We are told in the first place that he took an oath
to support the southern confederacy. What
does this mean ? It means that, holding up
his hand in the presence of that God before
whom traitors and loyal men must alike ap-
pear, he solemnly pledged himself to support
that conglomeration of pirates, murderers,
and thieves, whose hiding-place was Richmond.
And an argument has been made upon the
question whether this was a hostile act, whether
it was within the meaning of the oath we have
all taken. We all swear that wo have not done
any act" to support any authority hostile to the
United States." The person in question itseems
took an oath to support the enemies of the
United States, but it is said he did not feel hos-
tile himself. Are we quibbling upon techni-
calities, or playing with words like children
with playthings? More than this; he accepted
an official commission, and discharged the
duties and exercised the prerogatives of a
high officer, under this so-called confederation.
And then is added what as his advocate I
should not have added, that when he took the
oath he did there was casuistry and mental
reservation in the act—that he did not mean
to be bound by it at the time. I ask the law-
yers of this House, I ask all the members of
this House, whether that creates a distinction
favorable to the case. What was that reserva-
tion? That the oath to support usurped power
was unconstitutional? Ay, sir, so it was, and
in that sense was it obligatory upon one man
who took it within the so-called confederacy?
Certainly not. And yet we have put upon our
statute-book, and we stand before the people
to-day upon the idea that he who with an oath
upon his lips solemnly dedicated himself to
the service of that confederacy, took the last
and most irretrievable step of rebel allegiance.
Does a mental reservation in the taking of an
oath change the obligation which that oath
imposes? If it be an oath established by
usurpation, its origin goes in some form to the
question of its force. But is the efficacy of an
oath measured or affected by the mental res-
ervation of him who takes it? Does it reflect
honor upon a man who takes an oath that he
does so intending at the time, by a reservation
kept within his own bosom, to decide after-
ward upon circumstances as they arise how far
it is obligatory upon him? Nay, more than
that; what is the attitude of him who takes an
oath, actually intending at the time he takes
it to reject its obligation and to trample it
under foot? Such an act, if it be justifiable, im-
plies a right of an individual judgment, which,
as has been said, may be exercised in taking the
test oath itself. Men have said that oath, too,
was unconstitutional; and such men may come
here and take it with a reservation, secretly
resolved at the time, to trample that, too. under
their feet. And the argument in ethics, in
morals, and in law, is as strong in the last case
as in the first. Can such doctrine be tolerated
for a moment?
Sir, I have nothing in the world personally
against the man concerned. But 1 view with
as much feeling as my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabaugeii] the proposition that is pre-
sented to us. We are asked to drive a plow-
share over the very foundation of our position,
to break down and destroy the bulwark by
which we may secure the results of a. great war,
and a great history, by which wo may preserve
from defilement this place, where alone in our
organism the people never lose their supremacy
except by the recreancy of their representa-
tives ; a bulwark without which we may not
save our Government from disintegration and
disgrace. Ifwe do this act, itwill be a precedent
which will carry fatality in its train. From.) ef-
ferson Davis to the meanest tool of despotism
and treason, every rebel may come here, and we
shall have no reason to assign against his ad-
mission except the arbitrary reason of num-
bers. Every man of them may come and lay
his hand upon this joint resolution and say:
" There is my title, as valid as that of any other
man to a seat in either House of Congress, if
I can only find a constituency to elect me."
For one I enter my solemn protest against it.
I utter my warning against this first attempt to
let down the standard of loyalty. Let us not
stain our hands with this; it is the Senate's
matter solely. The Senate has passed it; upon
the Senate be the responsibility. The Senate
has absolute power over the admission or rejec-
tion of Mr. Patterson, and there is no reason for
our dividing with the Senate the responsibility
of its exercise. I hope this House will keep
aloof, and I move to lay the joint resolution on
the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The understanding with
ns here was, that when the gontleman from New
York [Mr. Cohkling] concluded his remarks
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynakd]
would be again recognized.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have
again recognized the gentlemen from Tennes-
see if he had desired the floor if the motion to
lay the joint resolution on the table had not
been made; but the gentleman from Tennes-
see had had the floor for an hour, for himself
and those to whom he yielded, and the gentle-
man from Now York [Mr. Coxkukg] took the
floor in his own right.
The question was upon laying the joint res-
olution on the table.
Mr. LYNCH. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 31, not voting
(57 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Anderson, Baker,
Banks Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidweil, Bing-
ham, Boutwell, Broimvell, Broomall, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Conklrag, Cullom, Def'rces, Driggs. Durnont,
Ecklcy, Egrslcston, Eliot, Earnsworth, Earquhar,
Kerry, Garfield, Abncr C. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchlriss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, James it. Hubbell, In^er-
soll, Jonekes, Julian, Kelley, Kcteham. ICoontz. Laf-
lin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Lynch, Marston, McClurg, Mereur,
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morri?, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Plants,
Price, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Itice, John
II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Soofield, Shella-
barger, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, John Tj. Thomas,
Trowbridge, VanAernam, Burt Van Horn. Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams, James F. Wilson, and Stephen i\ Wil-
son—ss.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Cooper,
Eldridge, Einek, Glossbrenner, Aaron llarding, Ho-
M.n, Johnson, Kerr, Leftwieh, Marshall, Maynard,
eCullough, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Ross, Sliank-
lin, Tabor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Neison Taylor,
Thornton, Trimble, Winlielcl, and Wright—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, l)eios R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Buekland, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Cook, Culver, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Daw-
son, Delano, Beniing, Denison, Dixon, Dodgo, Don-
nelly. Goodyear, Grider, GnnRell, Griswold, Hale,
Harris, Henderson, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, De-
mas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Jones, Jvasson, Kelso, KuvkendaU, Le Blond,
Lon^year, Marvin, Meludoe, MeKoe, McRner, Moul-
ton, Noel!, Pike, Pomeroy, Rogers, Sitgrcaves. Sloan,
Smith, Stair, Sfilwcll, Strouse, Thayer, Franeis
Thomas, Upson. Warner, EiibuB. Washburno, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Windoin, and
Woodbridge—<57.
So the joint resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon the
1able; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 22o) to revive and extend
the provisions of an act granting the right
of way and making a grant of land to the States
of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from a point upon the
Mississippi opposite the mouth of the Ohio
river, via Little Rock, to the Texas boundary,
near Pulton, in Arkansas, with branches to Port
Smith and the Mississippi river, approved Feb-
ruary 9, 1853, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 354) for the relief of William
Croswell; and
An act (II. R. No. 59G) to authorize the use
of the metric system of weights and measures.
