1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3313
State like ours where they are scarce, to tax
these machines.
Mr. BROWN. It is taxing labor.
Mr. KIRIyWOOD. Yes, sir, it is substan-
tially the same thing.
Let me call the attention of the Senator from
Maine again to this change on page 16(>, lines
one hundred and forty, one hundred and forty-
one, and one hundred and forty-two. He says
it is merely a specification instead of general-
ization. The purpose is to exempt spindles
and castings; but if he will look at the list
closely ho will see that as the clause stood
originally it exempted spindles and castings
for machinery; but now it is made to specify
"safes, looms, spinning-machines, hot-air and
hot-water lurnaces, pumps, steam-engines, and
sewing-machines." Spindles and castings enter
into mowers and reapers, but in this specifica-
tion they are left out, while these articles, used
East, I apprehend, are inserted. If the word
"machinery" had been left in the clause per-
haps the spindles and castings in mowers and
reapers would have been exempted.
Mr. FESSENL)EN. I can state to the Sen-
ator that the clausc as it stood was thought to
cover too mueli. '1'he amendment came from
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House,
putting in what, they intended to cover 011 that
subject, and what they had taken testimony
upon. We have just put in what they intended
it should be originally, and what they under-
stood to be necessary.
Mr. IvlliKWOQD. The effect of it, how-
ever, would bo that while the spindles and cast-
ings for a mower and reaper would bo taxed,
the spindles and castings for a spinning-ma-
chine would not be taxed. I must say that: it
would be hard for us on the west side of the
Mississippi river to render a reason for that, why
the spindles and castings in a spinning-ma-
chine should be exempt from taxation and the
spindles and castings in a reaping-machine or
a mowing-machine should be taxed.
Mr. ANTHONY. Spinning-machines are
not exempt.
Mr. Kli'KWOOD. Spindles and eastings
for spinning-machines are exempt by this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason is that one
pays live per cent, and the other only three.
Mr. IvIIiKWOOD. They are put in the free
list hero.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they are to pay five
per cent, tax when made up. It is to avoid a
double tax. The clause goes on to provide,
"and not sold or used for any other purposes,
and upon which a tax is assessed and paid on
the article of which the casting is apart." It is
to avoid paying two taxes.
Mr. KIUivWOOD. Let me call the atten-
tion of the Senator to another item or two on
page 108. "Machines driven by horse power
and used exclusively for cutting fire-wood,
staves, and shingle-bolts, and hand-saw.s" are
exempt from taxation ; while in the matter
we are considering muchineiy driven by horse
power is not exempt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "And used exclu-
sively'' for what follows.
Mr. KIIiKWOOD. The clause reads, "ma-
chines driven by horse power and used exclu-
sively for cutting fire-wood, staves, and shin-
gle-bolts, and hand-saws.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. "And used exclusively
for cutting lire-wood, staves," &c.
Mr. KIIIKWOOD. Wc do not make staves
and shingle-bolts out in our country ; but our
machinery driven by horse power is to be
taxed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You buy them and use
them; do you not?
Mr. KIUKV.'OOD, Yes; but we may use
machinery driven by horse power for other
purposes, and that machinery is taxed with us
when it is not uixod elsewhere.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The design is to ex-
empt some small articles that everybody uses,
instead of large corporations which make large
amounts of money. That is the difference
exactly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is
taken 011 the amendment of the committee I
desire to amend it by striking out tho word
"sorghum;" and I will state the reason why
I do so. The production of sugar and molas-
ses from this growth is rather an experiment
as yet, and the machinery necessary for the
production is being changed from time to time
as experiments show the necessity of change.
Every year there is some improvement made
in this machinery. It is not like that class
of machinery which is supposed to have ap-
proached perfection. The success in the
growth of sorghum and the production of mo-
lasses and sugar from it has been very great.
]fc has now become a production of much im-
portance in the West; but nobody supposes that
the machinery is yet perfected. A great deal
of expense is to be incurred in experiments
upon it. I shall vote against the entire amend-
ment of the committee 5 but as the attempt to
defeat it may not succeed. I desire to strike out
this word "sorghum." ) think there arc pe-
culiar reasons for it.
My. HOWARD. T suggest to the Senator
from Indiana that he may as well include the
word " imphoe'' in his motion, and strike them
both out. I believe imphee is but a species of
sorghum.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know anything
about that.
Sir. HOWARD. It belongs to the same
family of plants and produces simp, which is
supposed to be a little richer, as I understand.
The PRESIDING OFF1UEIL The ques-
tion is on tli 0 amendment, of Hie Senator from
Indiana to Hie amendment of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend that by
including the word "imphee."
Mr. IIENDIUOKS. I will accept that j
amendment if tho same reasons apply. 1 do
not know much about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICEH. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan is not in
order at the present time, the amendment of
the Senator from indiana being an amendment
to an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sena-
tor from Indiana to say he would accept it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana may modify his own amendment
as may ho agreeable to him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I accept the modifica-
tion of the Senator from Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be so modiiicd.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I pre-
sume more of these reapers and mowers arc
used in the Statewhich I in partrepresentthan
in any other State in 1 he Union. We could not
carry on the agriculture of Illinois to the extent
that we now do without this maehineiy. Farm-
ing, to a very great extent, is carried on upon
our praiiies through the instrumentality of ma-
chinery. We could not gather our crops at all
if we had io rely upon manual labor, as in for-
mer yearn, to gather them; and hence we ure
very much interested in the manufacture of ibis
machinery. These machines are manufactured
extensively in niv State. Tho productions of l
that State, as we all know, go to support the
people of the whole country. They aj> not
peculiar to Illinois. The beef and pork that
are fattened there and the wheat that is gath-
ered there go to the susienance of the people
of the whole Union, in the State of .Maine as
well as elsewhere. The ship-builders of .Maine,
who arc entirely fiec from taxes upon all the
articles which they u«e 
Mr. FESSENDEN. They arc taxed more
than any other sol of men in the country,
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are on the free
list in this bill. u Masts, spars, ship and vessel
blocks, and treenail wi-dges, and deck-plugs,
cordage, iopes, auu cables made of vegetable
fiber," and als^> 14 sails'' and '• chains'" are all
upon the fiee list in this bill. The Senator
from Maine very eondldK t«ml us that not so
many of tho people in his Si ite wore engaged
in agriculture as in some other States of the
Union, and therefore I10 did not for 1 this press-
ure so strougly as some others did in favor of
the agricultural interest of the country, which
he rather seemed to intimate was a pressure
that operated upon Senators to a greater extent
than it ought to do; but ho seems to have felt
the pressure of that class of people who are
largely engaged in ship-building in his own
State. At any rate, we find that persons en-
gaged in that branch of industry, which occu-
pies very much of the labor of Maine, arc not
taxed on the articles I have mentioned and
many others.
I do not wish to go over this free list. The
House of Representatives placed reapers and
mowers in the free list. The Committee on
Finance has thought proper to change it. I
trust the Senate will not agree to that change.
I understand that in the House of Representa-
tives this was done deliberately. The Senator
from Maine is entirely mistaken in supposing
that 110 complaints have come from the manu-
facturers. 1 have had quite a number of letters
from different parts of my State from persons
engagcdintlmmanufaciureofthesoimplemonts.
I did not send them to the Committee on Fi-
nance, because 1 had not the lea*tapprehension,
aftersoeinglhattho bill upon due consideration
bad passed the llouse of Representatives with a
provision placing these articles upon the free
list, that there was any probability that the
Senate was going to change it.
Mr. FE3SEKDEN. I did not say that there
was no effort made to change it. The tax
heretofore was six per cent. There was an
effort made to reduce it. The committee of
the liotp-v reduced it to three per cent. After
the modification was made1 reduciugit one half
1 say they v, t-re periee;ly satisfied ; there was
110 complaint whate\ er.
Mr. TflUMUULL. Perhaps the best answer
I can give to tha.t would be to read a letter
which 1 have in my hand from Uoekford, in
Illinois, 1'rom a manufacturer of reaper;-; and
mowers, in which he makes a statement why
reapers and mowers should bo placed on the
free list. The writer <;ays:
"1 write to a.-k your I' en; i<>n to [Ins tax on agri-
cultural implements, mmo paitLulaily reaper and
mowers.
"Tlio House have pla-ed Ommu on ihe free list,
where I fhink they belon;:, and i seethe Son-
ate cout Inue them there, aud bene it but j u.it to Ud
that tliev do m).
" I 1i:m 0 bee 11 in th,k hu.-ni'- •' ,-iue" lS'i \ ; paid into
the revenue ollico l.i-i \eai: over my looses
exceeding thai sum."
lie paid a revenue of hist year, and
lost more than that sum last year in the manu-
facture of these articles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By bad debts?
Mr. THUMLULE. No, sir:
" Because of excessive taxes and an unfortunate
year.
"From nil that 1 learn, mv competi'ors have met
about the same success, in proporlion io then- busi-
ness
" Our hu: 5*-', at be. t, pari h ulariy hazardous; for
tli(5 followii*^ re;> ons:
"1. We nni-l buy 1 he stock at <lie '-io^e <d harvest to
lineup a < til) <* hu t-al  ■(<!:•« o •, t he n< \ i luuv.-t,
" 2. Our <• t !<>-: an1 <•: o\\ in - ><lc i.f - ■ \ y i hrec
fouUhs of tuem t.ikin;r plate between June 10 and
JulvlO.
" '■). if our in odu< t i«; jvd done m 1 ;.nc to bo --hipped
to point ^ ot mi ie wiu-u the sea.-ou < o.n.aenccs, it mu&t
be held <i year, for the nett so w>n 'n >.iie-\
" '1. Y.'e cannot Luow what t he dem nd will be, but
mu-'t be prep ".red to m<-< f it when .siles < eminence.
"<3. ^.ile-^oeji'cvernodbythouopsandif eiopsaro
disf onra';in<r the larmers do not buy.
" (i. T!.e farmer ,-eidom prepared to pay duwn.hu t
requires iroiu six to eighteen m on tils' < i edit upon I he
sale of a re'"1 per to him. > .
" 7. flit ore:- i, in.-'iir.ui'-es «toras;e, comim.-^ions, and
lo^cs are a hojrer evpen^e. for the abov() 3 in
[he reaper and am ieuliurai bu-'iiK>- than in a" v hu-i-
ne-"s the capital ol which may be turned ev eiy m> ry
or ninety day.-.
" "Wo cannot add the tax to tne pnee oi our prod-
uct. Jleauer men tried to do itlasi>ear,and utterly
failed/'
Mr. FESSENDEN. That docs not agree
very well with what the Senator from Iowa
[Mi. KutivWoon] said ; and I have tho Sen-
ator from Illinois to settle that question v.uth
him. The Senator from Iowa^aid thn* the
price was increased one half in consequence
of the tax
Mr. TRUMBULL. This letter goes on :
" "While our busmen i.-- lar^e, ih'  per ccnt. of profit
is small, and the eluuvo of a, small per cent, either
39tii Coxa. 1pt Sv
-No. 208.
