186G.
Til®
i
country." Sir, that may be true, but I doubt
it. If France really does desire war with this
country, let me tell the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that the people of this country will
accommodate him in the very shortest space
of time. France majr not perhaps have acted
as badly as England in our struggle. Pirates
may not have come out of French ports as they
have from the ports of Great Britain. I sup-
pose if there was an Exhibition in London we
should have proposed here another appropri-
ation to go there, although she is a nation that
has covered the seas with confederate pirates;
a nation which has by that means almost en-
tirely driven that commerce from the ocean
which before the war had dotted over all the
seas with whiteness. I suppose my distin-
guished friend from New \ ork, [Mr. Ray-
mond,] representing the great city of New
York, with all its vast commerce, on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, would vote for an
appropriation to go to an Exhibition in Eng-
land. I would not, sir.
After getting up here and charging that Na-
poleon was desirous of getting into a war with
us, what does my gallant and brave and dis-
tinguished friend from Massachusetts propose
to do? He proposes to take his hat in his
hand, go over to France, and making a low
bow to Louis Napoleon, say to him that he is not
at all offended at all he has done and proposes
doing to our country. It reminds me of a little
incident that occurred in the olden time of St.
Louis. A distinguished citizen was in the
habit of giving great parties there. There was
a rollicking son of Erin who sometimes got in-
vitations to those great parties, and who some-
times did not. To this party he did not happen
to be invited, and when that became known it
was a matter of considerable remark. But when
the party came off, .lo and behold! almost the
first man present was this son of old Erin. He
was saluted by his friends, and one of them
said, "Why, Pat, how came you here? 1
thought you did not get an invitation." " An'
sure," he replied, "I was not invited, but I
just thought I would come to show I was not
mad at not being asked." [Laughter.] That
seems to be the idea upon which the gentleman
from Massachusetts would act. He tells us that
France wants war, and yet he proposes that we
should make this appropriation, as a propitia-
tion to her, no doubt, and to say to her, "Oh,
don't; keep hands off; we are not mad; we
are willing to do whatever is right."
The gentleman spoke yesterday about almost
everything but this joint resolution. He spolce
of the greatness and glory of this country, as
if we did not appreciate those things as well as
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I hope he
will permit us country members to have some
share with himself in the glory of our common
country. I think wij all feel the same pride in
everything that belongsto our nation ; in every-
thing that belongs to her glory and her prog-
ress, and what I trust is our destiny, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts feels. I think
Others share with him in the glory of the Navy,
and in the glory of those distinguished naval
heroes whose
" March is on the mountain waves,
Whose home is on the deep."
I think that others can share with him in the
glory which is due to the old sea-dog, Farragut,
who lashed himself to the rigging of the Hart-
ford, and from there directed one of the great-
est naval actions of our time. I think that
others can feel equal pride in the glory due to
gallant Porter for his bombardment of Grand
Gulf, and for his capture of Fort Fisher in con-
nection with the gallant son of Connecticut,
General Terry. We share with him in the pride
with which we revere the memory of another
noble son of Connecticut now, alas! no more
—that brave and Christian gentleman, Admiral
Foote. And he must permit us to share with
him in the glory of our Army and the tame of
the long and honored list of its commanders.
He must permit me to share with him in the
glory of that unrivaled and modest soldier from
my own State who led our armies through the
39th Con«. 1st Sess.—-No. 88.
wilderness of civil.war to a complete aedfinal
triumph, and who may yet, in the providence
of God* lead on the loyal millions or this coun-
try to a victory in peace syhieh will be no- leas
renowned than a victory in war.
Sir, we all have an interest in these things
as well as the gentleman from Massachusetts,
Does he not suppose that those who of; op*
pose his bill may not have aa fall an. appreci-
ation of the glory and grandeur of our . country
as himself? I trust, sir, we all have a.common
pride and a common love for our country.
Sir, as a sort of last resort, my distinguished
friend from Massachusetts brought in a bag-
gage-wagon in which to carry his bill through
the committee. Sir^ that baggage-wagon will
perhaps become historical. I, too, have an in-
terest in that baggage-wagon ; but my interest
is somewhat different from that of my friend
from Massachusetts. If matter? shall go on
as they may, instead of sending that wagon to
the Champ de Mars, it might become necessary
to send it to the Halls of the Montezumas.
And, sir, instead of sending our plain repub-
lican uniforms, blood-stained on many glorious
battle-fields, to be sneered at by the flunkies of
Europe, it might be necessary .to put them on
the backs of our noble soldiers, and let them
follow the wagon, or rather let them go and
not "wait for the wagon" in the same direc-
tion.
Sir, as an American, with an American heart
and American feelings, I am opposed to this
project. Let us occupy the independent posi-
tion that belongs to a great and powerful Re-
public. Let us not cringe for the favor of the
moparchies of the Old World. Self-respect for
bids that we should so soon manifest so great
an anxiety to get into the company of nations
so recently our deadly enemies. Let the men
of other nations come to us if they like. How
long is it since the Americans were hissed at
and reproached throughout every capital in
Europe save, perhaps, one? Yet, while that
spirit of hostility is still felt, though perhaps
suppressed; while France keeps an army upon
our borders as a menace, why should the Amer-
ican Congress propose to take the money of our
constituents to do this thing ? Sir, I say that
we have no moral right if we have a constitu-
tional right to do it. We have no right to vote
away the money of all for tlie benefit of a few
and get no return for it. And I trust that the
American feeling will predominate here to-day
and that we shall assert before all Christendom
the position which it becomes us to occupy.
Having put down the greatest rebellion known
in history; having restored and regenerated
the Union; having attained a status above all
other nations, let us not lower our dignity and
degrade our high position bypassing a bill like
this.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, I regret
to obtrude upon the House any remarks of
mine upon the question; and I should not do
so but that I feel called upon to state the po-
sition which I occupy.
I am, as a general principle, in favor of all
schemes of this character as calculated to de-
velop that spirit of amity among nations which
it is so desirable to maintain, as tending to
advance the dignity of labor, as being a move
in the right direction for the benefit of all men
and especially the industrious and ingenious
laboring classes.
I must state, however, that I have objections
to the manner in which this proposition has
been advanced and to some of the arguments
which have been used in its advocacy. I re-
gret the expense which the enterprise will entail
upon the nation at a time when our financial
resources are not so abundant as .might be de-
Sired. But no consideration of this kind is
sufficient to outweigh, in my judgment, the great
importance and I might say necessity of the
A merican people being becomingly represented
at the great national Exhibition in Europe.
I regret, sir, that a personal element has
been introduced into this debate by the gentle-
man who has just taken his seat. It is not my
province to defend the honorable gentleman
from Maasaehiifietfi : jSgasimskflie, ilL-limed una
irrelevant remarks of *ivUi«fc>he(ii&e beeaitib*
subject., Iain$8v$r
infayQ^of thosejm&o tak$
of a  ,extravagant oar partial- '
does seem, 'ta .rap that
been .made upon tb.^ gentleman f$<^..Mas®#
phusetts was;^^^,^^®^.#®^ in
jvorst taste;. .IJhe gentWiao. front JUjijoi 9 ,
evidently woupde^ ialjia parsoiiay^ide^Wty*#
want of attention paid to tensest .during'big
visit to tk<? capital of France; and he givas us
very reasonable ground for the inqujryhow.4
gentleman who speaks, such .very bad- f moh
should show such intimacy, with the very wor.4
classes of French society, Iff, sir, he gropo^
to accompany this expedition at his own. eost,
it is to be hoped that the gentleman from, M^s-,
gachnsetts, availing himself of the hints which
have been thrown out; here,-will nqtbeseea
walking oil boulevards in company with the
gentleman from,Illinois., > • , ?-•
' Sir, his remarkable egotism is shown in car-
rying himself hack to, France in .debate here,
under the pretext of the tie of blood.. I doubt
if France would ever have claimed the gentle-
man. There is scarcely a Frenchman.' ,wfab
would have been guilty of the groundless
courtesy toward another of his own party" on
a pending measure qf public, interest.
Thegentleman frpm Illinois has denominated
American industry and American ingenuity, out
of his personal antipathy to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, with the debasing name of gini-
c^-acks. Such a thing* is beneath thecontempt
of criticism, and dames the .critic.' I leave
him to the public judgment. If there is wor-
thing distinguishing in the characteristic; of
American labor, it is in the practical utility of
all their inventions. If there is one thing for;
which we have reason to boast over another,
it is that we have a disposition toward utility,
which the Old World, blessed with cheap labor
and wrapped up in luxury, seems to overlook.
The patents we have sent to Europe are laden
with the poor man's blessings, bringing com-
fort to his home and saving him from mental
and physical toil. Yet these are what the gen-
tleman calls American gimcraeks, which we ask
to send to the World's Fair at Paris.
Mr. Chairman, the reason why I have under-
taken to speak on this question at all arose
from a deeper feeling than a mere personal
one. I had no intention of taking part in the
personal debate which has arisen on this prop-
osition. I am not able nor am I willing to
criticise the motives of the sagacious ruler of
France in organizing for the first time, accord-
ing to the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, a governmental Exhibition. As
a guest to such a superb feast we have no rea-
son to cavil at the form of the invitation. It
is a noble tribute to the individual enterprise
and ingenuity of the American people.
But, sir, this new plan of conducting the
Exposition of Paris deserves at least a pass-
ing notice by this House. When the great Ex-
hibition of London was first proposed, spring-
ing, as it did, from a local, private, scientific
body, with the sagacity of a great lover of
the human race and the dignity of a great
statesman, Prince Albert seized the opportu-
nity and made it a national enterprise. Par-
liament adopted this suggestion and appro-
priated' money for it, and the Queen and her
family added their private subscriptions; but
it was all done in view of promoting the dignity
of labor and of preserving the individual, pop-
ular character oi thescheme. Itwas.infactand.
theory, a display of the industry of >the people
of Europe in the broadest sense. The present
exhibition of the ingenuity and industry ot the
laboring classes has been covered with the im-
perial mantle of the "nephew of Ins uncle.'
And there may be some show of propriety m
thus appropriating the control and conduct oi
the Exhibition, for the idea of a great inter-
national foir is indeed due to Bra,nee. It was
the offspring of that son of Minerva, the great
Napoleon. It was at his suggestion that the
world was given this new system, oj industrial
