1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
23-53
league, Mr. Woodbkidge, who, if present,
would vote against tlie bill, while I would vote
for it.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to state that I am
paired with Mr. Thayer, who would vote
against the bill, while I would vote for it.
I am also requested to state that Mr. Bixg-
ham, who would vote for the bill, is paired, but
I cannot recollect with whom.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. On this question I am
paired with Mr. J. L. Thomas.
Mr. HARDING-j of Kentucky. My col-
league, Mr. Hitter, is absent on account of
sickness.
Mr. ANCGNA. My colleague, Mr. Johx-
sox, who is absent on account of sickness, is
paired with Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts. I
know that Mr. Johnson* would vote against
the bill, but I do not know how Mr. Hooper
would vote.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above slated.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected j and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
Mr. STEVEN'S. I hope that will be post-
poned for the present, as I want to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rose before the motion
was-made to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair acted in ac-
cordance with the uniform usage of the House
in recognizing a gentleman who voted with the
successful side.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Giunnell] changed his vote in order to
move a reconsideration. I hope the bill will
go over till to-morrow. I want the volunteer
officers and soldiers of the country who are
waiting in expectation 
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to debate.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK,
(at half past four o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BAXTER: The petition of J. G. Saxe, and
80 others, asking that a mail route may be established
from the depot in Georgia, to Cambridge, Lamoille
countv, Vermont.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petitions of 595 citizens
of Delaware county, Pennsylvania, praying for such
change m the tariff and internal revenuo laws, as
will enable the manufacturing and laboring classes
of the country to compete successfully with those of
foreign countries.
By Mr. 35ARLIN<3r: The petition of C. K. Tucker-
man, praying compensation for expenditures in the
colonization experiment at Hayti.
By Mr. DEFREES: A petition from the citizens
of DeKalb county, Indiana, asking that all medi-
cine3 or preparations of the United States, or other
national JPharmacopoeia, &c., be placed on the free
lists.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of the Provinectown
Seaman's Savings Bank, for relief from certain taxes.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of 214 citizens
of Mahoning county, Ohio, asking for an increased
protective taviif.
By Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY: The petition of 4,000
sailors and citizens, of Buffalo, New York, asking
for a modification of the law taxing seamen, &c.
By Mr. LAFLIN : The petition of Dr. A. Murdock,
of Philadelphia, Jefferson county, New York, in fa-
vor of the %bolition of internal duties on official
preparations of the Pharmacopoeia.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petitions of William Cham-
bers, M. 1)., ira II. Van N ess, M. D., and others, phy-
sicians of Pulton county, New York, praying that
all medicines or preparations of the United States or
other national Pharmacopoeia in common use among
physicians as remedial agents may be placed on the
free list.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of sundry citizens
of 1 cnnsylvama, for a mail route from Johnstown,
Juniata county, Pennsylvania, to Shado Gap, Hunt-
ingdon county tin said State.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of S. B. Jones, and
others, citizens of West Rochester, Windsor county,
Vermont, praying for an increased tariff on foreign
wool.
Also, the petition of R. W. Pitts, and others, citi-
zens of Sudbury, Rutland county, Vermont, praying
for increased tariff on imported wool.
Also, the petition of P. D. Grisworld, and 58 others,
citizens of Saxton's R-iver, Windham county, Ver-
mont, praying for an additional tariff on foreign
wool.
Also, the petition of John West, and 75 others, cit-
izens of West Randolph, Orange county, Vermont,
praying for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
39tjj Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 148.
.Also, the petition of Claud Someis, and 40 others,
citizens ot Barnet, Caledonia, county. Vermont, pray-
ing for an additional tnriff on foreign wool.
t Also, the petition of Squire Marcey, and 27 others,
citizens of ilartland, Windsor county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
.Also, the petition of J. D. Wheat, and others,
citizens of Putney, Windham county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased duty on wool.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of 264 glass-blowers,
and others, employed in the glass manufacturing
business in the third congressional district, city of
Philadelphia, lor an increased tariff on glass wnre, to
protect their labor and prevent the serious injury to
and suspension of their business threatened by the
large orders for foreign glass ware being filled under
the present insufficient tariff.
By Mr. N1BLACK: The memorial of B. J. Day,
of Evansville, Indiana, praying that dogs may bo
taxed, as a means of protecting the wool interests
of the country.
By Mr. WOODBRIDGE: Thcpetition of P.IIoIlon,
and others, citizen? of Danby, Rutland county, Ver-
mont, praying for increased protection 011 imported
wool.
Also, the petition of James M. Ketchum, and
others, citizens of Sudbury, Rutland county. Ver-
mont, praying for an increased protection on foreign
wool.
Also, thcpetition of W. B. Randall, and 64 others,
citizens of Sandgate, Bennington county, Vermont,
praying for an additional tariff 011 foreign wool.
Also, the petitionof D.S.Chatterton, and ]56otlicrs,
citizens of Rutland, Rutland county, Vermont,pray-
ing for an additional tariff on loicitrn wool.
Also, the petition of Stephen Wilmarth, and 113
others, citizens of Addison, Addison county, Ver-
mont, praying for an increased protection on wool.
Also, the petition of Nathan Oupen. and 17 others,
citizens of Goshen, Addison county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased duty on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of II. L. Gale, and others, citi-
zens of Larrabec's Point, Addison county, Vermont,
praying for an increased duly 011 imported wool.
_ A ho, the petitionof Albert Ketchum, and 40 others,
citizens of Whiting, Addison county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased duty 011 imported wool.
Also, the petition of L. Howard Kellogg, and others,
citizcns of Benson, Rutland county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased protection on wool.
Also, the petition of Jlufns Baird, and others, citi-
zens of Chittenden, Rutland county, Vermont, pray-
ing for increased protection on imported wool.
Also, the petition of William L. Parnum, and
others, citizcns of Poultney, Rutland county, Ver-
mont, praying for an increased duty on imported
wool.
Also, the petition of Erastus Kclley, and 39 others,
citizens of Clarendon Springs, Rutland county, Ver-
mont, praying for an increased duty on wool.
Also, the petition ofGeorge C. Dana, and 67 others,
citizcns of Wcybridgc, Vermont, praying for an in-
creased duty on foreign wool.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 3, 180(5.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received, and been* requested to present to
the Senate, a memorial signed by many dress-
makers in different parts of the United States,
praying for a modification of the present tax
upon their business. They represent that so
far as taxing their labor is concerned; though
that would'be onerous at the present time in
view of their compensation, they would be
willing to submit to that; but a tax of six per
cent, upon the materials, costly trimmings, itc.,
that go through their hands purchased by their
employers, makes an amount of expenditure
on their part so large that their business, if the
tax is continued, will be absolutely destroyed,
and they beg that the tax on their manufac-
tures may be repealed. This petition will be
received, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. GRIMES. I present a petition from
Admiral S. W. Godon, acting rear admiral in
charge of the Brazil squadron, and the other
line and staff officers of the Navy attached to
that squadron, who represent that the pay for
naval officers was established free from tax, at
a period when the currency of the country was
gold and silver ; that even at that time it was
not more than sufficient to meet their necessary
expenses, and. left them without the prospect
of providing for old age or misfortune; that
since that period the cost of the necessaries of
life has more than doubled in many instances;
that this increase of cost has boon provided
for in civil employment by a corresponding
increase of salaries, while the naval officers,
compelled by the discipline of the Navy to pre-
serve the appearance of officers at whatever
cost, have been forced, in many instances, to
incur debts and suffer family privations, which
they^ have endeavored to conceal from the
public during the rebellion, with the hope (hat
after its suppression either the cost of the
necessaries of life would be reduced to its for-
mer amount, or that Congress would, in their
sense of justice, make such an addition to (heir
pay as would enable them to maintain that
appearance before their fellow-citizens and
the representatives of foreign countries when
abroad which universal sentiment requires of
all officers. They therefore pray that Con-
gress will in its wisdom and justice provide for
an increase of the pay of the naval officers of
the United States. I move that it be referred to
the Committee o%Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMANpresented a communication
addressed to him from the Commissioner of
Agriculture, in relation to the subject of culti-
vating the China grass; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
kepoiits of committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from (lie Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred
the memorial of Frederick Vincent, adminis-
trator of James LeCazc, late of the firm of
LeGano & Mallett, praying for the payment
of money advanced during the revolutionary
war, submitted an adverse report thereon;
.which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEllOY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 249) to establish a land office in the
Territory of Idaho, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and tht Militia, who were instruct-
ed by a resolution of the Senate of the 16th
ultimo to inquire whether the full Army Regis-
ter, now in course of publication, has been
compiled in accordance with the requirement
of the joint resolution approved March 2,1865,
and what will be the cost of such publication,
submitted a report accompanied by a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 83) respecting the publica-
tion of the Volunteer Army Register. The
joint resolution was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Public
Lauds, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
123) granting lands to aid in the construction '
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland,
on the navigable waters of the Columbia river,
in Oregon, have instructed me to report an
amendment in the nature of a substitute: and
I will state that the substitute is the House bill
on the same subject, with some amendments.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred various peti-
tions of persons engaged in mining and run-
ning coal from the Monongahela coal-fields
to market on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
praying for such an amendment of the enroll-
ment act as to exempt from its provisions all
coal-boats, coal-barges, and coal-flats which ara
used exclusively for running coal to market^
and are not used for any other purpose, have
considered the subject, and have directed me to
ask to be discharged from the further consid*
eration of the petitions, and recommend that
they be referred to the Committee on Finance ;
and I will say, if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance will give his attention, that
there is accompanying the papers a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury recommending
that they be exempted from the enrollment'
and be required to take out a license instead,
and it was the opinion of the Committee on
Commerce that it should be referred to the-
Committee on Finance that they might see-
whether they would issue a license, and if so,
whether they would recommend or not that-
they be exempt from enrollment.
The report was agreed to.
