1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the "Whole shall resume the consideration of
the President's message.
The motion ivas agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was'agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
theWholeontliestateoftheUnion, (Mr. Blaine
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the naval appropriation bill.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, when I moved to strike out this clause, I
stated that one of my reasons was for the pur-
pose of obtaining information as to the facts in
relation to the case which would justify this
appropriation, and I must confess that I have
not been satisfied with the information which
I have received.
I might say, perhaps, that if anything could
satisfy inc with regard to the propriety of an
appropriation it would be the assent of my dis-
tinguished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Spalmxg,]
whom I know so well, and with whom I trained
in the last Congress in this matter, and I
might say also the information furnished by the
distinguished gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Mabsstos ;] yet 1 am not clear, from all
the information I have received, that this appro-
priation ought to be made.
Now, sir, the grounds which have been set
forth here in the committee do not seem to
tally very well with the grounds which are al-
leged by the gentleman who has been so often
quoted, the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks. His communication upon this subject^
accompanies the report of the-Secretary of the
Navy, and I call the attention of the committee
to what Admiral Smith says in relation to this
matter. He does not put it upon the ground
of the immense amount which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania says will be saved if this im-
propriation is made. Here is what he says:
"At tho Portsmouth rinvy ynrd we have five new
ships of war under construction, one largo ship re-
cently Launched, and a number of othor vessels an-
chored in the stieam for want of wharf accommoda-
tion. The area of this yard is only about sixty acres,
and most of it is already oeeu]iied by buildings. I
have, thereforo, estimated for the purchase of the
whole of Seavoy's Island adjacent to the yard."
I ask the attention of the committee to what
Admiral Smith says next:
"Tho purchase of this island will furnish an addi-
tional water-power and ample space for the crectioh
of all the workshops and storehouses that will be
required to make this a first-class yard."
He does not say that this purchase is neces-
sary for present purposes, but he wants it for
the purpose of making it a first-class yard.
" Besides," he says, and I call the attention of
the committee to the alternative—
"Besides, the bridge constructed across the water
between Seavey's island and the navy-yard, author-
ized by the net of Congress, ivith 11 conditional free
use of a way through the yard for the use of the resi-
dents of the island, has caused an increase of inhab-
itants on the island which will continue to enhance
tho value ofrthe ground. This increase of population
is a source of great inconvenience and embarrassment
to the Government by the fiequent use of the way
through the yard and over the Government bridge
to Kittery, so that I recommend the purchase of the
whole island if it can be obtained on reasonable terms.
In case such acquisition cannot be made on reasonable
term", I recommend prohibition, as provided by said
act of Congress, at the discretion of the Department,
of trav el of every kind from said island to and through
the navy-yard."
Now, it seems to me that we can conform to
the recommendation of Admiral Smith in this
regard, and prohibit this travel, and so attain
substantially the same result without making
this appropriation of $105,000.
I agree to much that has been said by the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs. He
has paid a glowing tribute to the Navy, in which
we all agree. 1 claim to have as great a pride
in the Navy as the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs has, and I will do
everything necessary to uphold the honor and
glory of the Navy. Butl am not willing, under
the pressure of such arguments here, to vote
away the money of my constituents unless there
is a necessity for it.
Sir, while the committee report this appro-
priation of $105,000 for the purchase of Sea-
vey's Island, I find, by looking through the bill,
that they also recommend an appropriation of
$416,000 for the Norfolk navy-yard, which the
rebels burned, and $226,000, in round num-
bers, for the Pensacola navy-yard. While we
have decreased our Navy from seven hundred
vessels to one hundred vessels, and the navy-
yards which we have now were ample for all
purposes when we had seven hundred vessels,
it is proposed to make this additional appro-
priation and an appropriation of $642,000 for
additional navy-yards.
Now, sir, there are other considerations which
ought not to be lost sight of. There is, to my
mind, no satisfactory information with regard
to the value of this property, and the question
was well put by the distinguished gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Davis,] what would this
island be worth were it not situated as it is in
regard to the Kittery navy-yard? There is no
information in regard to the value of that land
which satisfies my own mind in relation to it. .
And let me say here, in regard to the recom-
mendations of Departments and of committees,
about which so much lias been said, that while
they are entitled to all due consideration, they
do not control me. If we are to take the recom-
mendations of the Departments, what is the use
of all this formula of legislation ? We are here,
each man acting for himself upon his own re-
sponsibility, and judging for himself upon the
facts. I sec no reason to change my first im-
pression,, that this amount ought not to be ap-
propriated.
Mr. HlGIiY. Tho gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Waniibviwe] has referred to one item in
the bill appropriating some $400,000 to be ex-
pended at the Norfolk navy-yard. Will he also
state to this committee that the Govern nicntlost
during this rebellion from three to live millions
by destruction in that same navy-yard, and we
are now asked simply to provide for making
some repairs, small in comparison with the value
of the property previous to the commencement
of the rebellion? I know fliat to bo so from
ocular demonstration, having seen the yard,
which is nowliterally a pile of ruins, with some
slight repairs here and there.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
I do not see what bearing that has upon my
argument. My argument was that the commit-
tee proposed to make a new yard.
Mr. ROLLINS. 1 am very glad, indeed, that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
has introduced here the report of the chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks. 1 only regret that
in quoting from that report he did not give us
more of it. I will read from it also tho follow-
ing:
"Thearea of this yard is only about sixty acres,
and most of it is already occupied by buildings. I
have therefore estimated for the purchase of the whole
of Seavey's Marul adjacent, to tho yard. The pur-
chase of this island will furnish ail additional wutei-
iroTit, and ample space for the erection of all the
workshops and storehouses that wilt lie required to
make Hits a thst-cbiss j ard. Besides, the bridge con-
structed acros- the water between i^eavev's "Island and
the navy-yard, nuthoiized by act of Congress, with
the conditional tree use of a way through the jaid
for the residents of the island, has caused an increase
of inhabitants on tho i-dand, which will continue u>
enhance the valuo of the ground. This increase of
population is a source of great iueonvcnicnce and
embariassment to the Government by the frequent
use of I he way through the yard and over the Gov-
ernment bridifo to Kittery, so that I reeommend the
purchase of the whole island if it can be obtained on
reasonable terms. In case such acquisition cannot
be made on reasonable terms, I recommend the pro-
hibition, as provided by said act of Congress, at the
discretion of tho Department, of travel of every kind
from said island to and through the navy-yard."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The dis-
tinguished gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Rollixs] could not have been in his seat
when I made my remarks, or he would have
known that I read the whole of that, word for
word.
Mr. R0LL1XS. I am very glad the gentle-
man did so. If ho read what I have now said,
he must have proved to the House conclusively
that the purchase of Seavey's island is abso-
lutely necessary for the wants of the Depart-
ment. He intimates that this purchase is not
desirable, because, forsooth, the chief of th&'
Bureau of Yards and Docks desires to make
this a first-class navy-yard.' I believe that "is
the very best reason in the world why the pui-'
ehase should be made. Evidence has beenpr6j -
sented to this committee to-day which shOSW
satisfy them that the best interests of the Ha-vf'
Department require that the Portsmouth navy- -
yard should be made a firstrclassyard. • r v >
The gentleman quotes the opinion of Admiral
Smith to showthatthis purchase should not'.tW'
,made, and by that very quotation he proves
clearly that it should be made.' For the ad-
miral says that if the purchase cannot be Wade-
for $105,000 the Government has a remedy;
and what is that remedy? It is that we close
up communication between the island and tshe
main-land; that we stop the communication
between Seavey's Island and the maiii-land at
Kittery; and that would force the'people on the
island to.sell it to the Government npon the
terms the Government offers. That is what is
•proposed: and still the gentleman from Illinois
quotes Admiral Smithasevidencethatthispur-
chase should not be made. And in that I think
the gentleman is entirely mistaken.'
The CHAIRMAN. The time limited -for
general debate has expired.
Mr. RAYMOND. I moveto amend by add-
ing §5,000 to the appropriation. I do it for
the purpose of saying what I can say, in the
five minutes allowed under the order of the
House, in favor of this appropriation. I hope
the impression will not prevail in this commit-
tee that the Committee on Appropriations was
one whit less anxious to practice economy and
save money to the Government than any mem-
ber who has spoken upon that subject upon
this floor. It has been the effort of that com-
mittee, in every instance, to save money to the
Government, and the reason why they reported
this item in the bill was because, to the best of
their judgment, after due examination, and
after inquiry from all who could bo presumed
to know about this particular point, they came
to the deliberate conclusion that, in the long
run, mone"y would be saved to the Government,
and a very large amount, too, by making this
appropriation.
It must be borne in mind, when the question
of economy on the part of the committee is
considered, that two items in the estimates of
the Navy Department have been stricken out by
flic committee. One was an item of $125,000
called for by the Department for officers' quar-
ters ; the other an item of $25,000 required for
the building of a quay-wall. This purchase of
Seavey's Island would answer both purposes,
by making it unnecessary to make these othor
appropriations. The committee acted on this
principle, that where money was to be expended,
it should so far as possible be expended for
purposes that would be permanent and not tem-
porary. Now, to build these officers' quarters
would be to furnish but, cramped and' confined
accommodations, and the building of a quay-
wall would not give all the facilities needed;
whereas the pui chase of the island will answer
both purposes, and be a permanent possession
to the Government, and worth more than the
sum proposed to be given for it.
And then in addition to that, which was the
controlling reason, came in all the reasons
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
siirkp.] has done us the favor to read from the
document from which he has quoted. Those are
simply additional reasons, besides that which „
influenced tho committee. It was the opinion
of the committee that the mosteeonotoical thing
for the Government would be to purchase this
island, and strike out the other appropriations
asked for, and which I have mentioned. Of
course, the committee has no desire except to
subserve the general interest of the Government
and the country. They are ail as anxious to pro-
mote economy as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbcrne] or my colleague from New
York [Mr. Coxku.yg] can be. I think if those
gentlemen had devoted as much time to' the in-
vestigation of the points involved in this sub-
ject as the committee has done, they would have
