2354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
DISCONTINUANCE OF LAND OFFICES. '
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
250) for the discontinuance in certain cases of
land offices, and authorizing modifications in
the limits of land districts, hare instructed me
to report it back without amendment, and to
recommend its passage.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would like to have the
bill which has just boon reported by the Sen-
ator from Kansas considered and passed. I
trust there will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. Its first
section provides that whenever the public land
in a State shall have been so nearly sold out
as to render unnecessary the continuance of
the district office of registeiyind receiver, the
Secretary of the Interior may order the trans-
fer to the General Land Office of the land
archives belonging to such districts; and in
regard to the disposal of any residue of public
lands in such districts the Commissioner is to
possess all the powers previously possessed by
the register and receiver. The second section
provides that whenever, in the judgment of the
Secretary of the Interior, it shall be advan-
tageous to the public interest to modify the
limits of.a land district, either by enlarging
or diminishing the same, he may cause such
modification to be made, giving timely public
notice thereof.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire what is
meant by that last section. Is it intended to
confer the power on the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to create new land districts?
Mr. POMEROY. It is not. It allows him
to change the boundaries, or to consolidate
two districts into one; but it does not allow
him to make new districts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not that power to
change the boundaries already exist?
Mr. POMEROY. It exists so far as regards
the State of California, but is not a general
law. That is done under a special act allow-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to change the
boundaries of land districts in California; but
ho has not the right to change the boundaries
in any other State, or to put two land districts
into one in any other State.
'Mr. RAMSEY. I think he has that power.
At least he has exercised it in our State, for
he has consolidated two districts there.
Mr. A\ 1LL1AMS. I will state that I applied
to the General Land Office for a change in the
boundaries of a land district in the State of
• Oregon, where it was necessary that the bound-
aries should be changed, and after examina-
tion the Department decidcd that it had no
such power, and suggested that a bill of this
kind be passed, authorizing the Department to
exercise the power. It is at the suggestion of
the Department that this bill is introduced and
proposed to be passed, so that they may possess
the nower.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to make
another inquiry of the Senator from Kansas.
In discontinuing all the land offices in a State
where the lands are nearly exhausted, which I
think is very proper and ought to have been
done long ago in some of the States where there
are still land officcs, I submit, whether provision
ought not to be made for keeping the records
m the State. When land offices have been
consolidated, the books of the land office dis-
continued have gone to the consolidated office.
J here is occasion very often to refer to these
records, and it will be exceedingly inconvenient
m one of the new States, where all the land
formerly belonged to the Government and all
titles are derived from the Government, if when
controversies arise the parties must eome to
Washington to trace the titles. It seems to mo
that provision ought to be made for depositing
at the State capitals, with the States, the rec-
ords of the land officcs, or in some way for
preserving them within the States. Unless
that be done, they will exist nowhere except at
Washington. I know it is the constant practice
in my State, when actions arise involving the
title to lands, to apply to the land office for cer-
tificates showing who entered the lands, when
they were entered, and whether they were pre-
empted, and so on, and by a statute of our
State the certificate of the receiver of public
moneys or register of public lands is made evi-
dence, and I presume that is the law generally
in the new States. Now, I submit if, instead
of transferringfhe records to Washington, some
provision ought* not to be made to leave them
m the States.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say, in reply to the
Senator, that that subject has been for more
than a month discussed in the Committee on
Public Lands, and at two succeeding meetings
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
has been before the committee. The very
point that the Senator from Illinois now makes
was argued before the committee at consider-
able length. In examining the way the records
are kept, both in the General Land Office here
and in the various districts, we found that they
did not have here duplicates of the certificates
of entry. It was at first supposed that if they
were brought here to the General Land Office it
would be only multiplying papers of the same
character; but the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land_ Office says that he nowhastosend to
these various land offices himself to get copies
whenever a contest arises in which he is asked
to furnish them. It is very strenuously urged,
by the General Land Office at least, that the
whole of the documents in each case should
be deposited here when we close out the land
districts in a State. The committee have no
feeling about it more than to make our system
harmonious, and to accommodate the entry of
these lands to the system that they have already
adopted. It has been a long time before that
committee, and we have been urged for a good
while to report it. We hesitated somewhat,
but finally concluded to report it as the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office desired it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was quite aware that
the Senator from Kansas had no other object
in view than the promotion of the public inter-
ests. The people of Kansas are just as much
interested in this question as those of Illinois.
We are all interested alike. Having been en-
gaged somewhat in thepracticeofthelaw, I know
thai we have frequent occasion in those States
to resort to the land offices for information,
and I am sure it will subject the people to
great inconvenience if the only information
they can obtain in regard to land titles in their
region is from Washington. It is very difficult
to get that evidence from the Land Office here.
During the present session I have been written
to by gentlemen of the bar in my State for infor-
mation in regard to tracts of land which they
said they had written for and could not obtain,
and they asked me to interfere and go to the
Land Office and see if I could get for them the
evidence of the entry of a tract of land or the
grant of a tract of land, and when it took place,
and to whom it was granted. These are facts
that ought to be come-at-able conveniently by
the people who are interested. I think the bill
had better go over, so that we may have an
opportunity to look at it a little more closely.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to its
going over; but I submit to the Senator that
m a large State like Illinois, where we have
reduced all the offices to one, itwill be as diffi-
cult for the people living at remote districts from
Springfield to get the evidence from Springfield
as to get it from Washington. They have got
to write for it; and if they send to Washington
they can get all the evidence in the case, while
if they send to Springfield they can only get
a part.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will have to em-
ploy a great many new clerks here if they are
all to be compelled to come here.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
the bill going over.
Mr. GRIMES. I call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
to the phraseology of this bill, from which, if
I understand it, nobody can tell whether it
applies to a State like Illinois^where there is
only one district, or to a State like Iowa where
there are several." It is very inartificially drawn,
it seems to me, and ought to be redrafted.
Mr. POMEROY. It is drawn precisely to
leave the discretion in the Secretary of the
Interior to judge whether a district should be
discontinued or not.
Mr. GRIMES. Any district?
Mr. POMEROY. Any district in any State.
That is the meaning of it.
Mr. GRIMES. Then, as I understand it,
if the Commissioner of the General Land Office
chooses to discontinue one of the districts in
the State of Iowa, all the archives in regard to
that district are to bo transferred here.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir, that is not the
bill.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the way it reads.
Mr. POMEROY. Where two districts are
consolidated into one in a State they remain in
the State ; but when the land offices are closed
out in a State then the bill provides that the
archives shall be sent to Washington.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very likely that is the
intention of the Committee on Public Lands,
but that is not what the bill will accomplish it
it should be enacted into a law.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, while
this bill is up, as it will be further considered
at another time, that there is another difficulty
connected with tliis subje&t, which is, that if
these records come to the Land Office here,
they will come under the operation of an exist-
ing law by which the Land Office is authorized
to charge fifteen cents a folio for transcripts
of records, which they are asked for, and which
are so often needed, and they cannot be ob-
tained^ without the payment of that sum. The
committee should take that provision into con-
sideration, because it is a grievous tax on the
public which ought not to be permitted to re-
_main, and it should not be extended by a bill
of this kind to bring other records subject to
it. Recently, in a case at the Land Office,
where a decision was made against one of my
constituents, and he was required to file his
appeal within a given time, to get the evidence
upon which he might make up his ease, he was
asked to pay fifteen cents a folio, when I was
compelled to say that I would call for the evi-
dence and papers in the case, by a resolution
of the Senate, unless they were furnished ; and
then ho got access to the papers. There is an
existing law which, in my opinion, very much
needs repeal or modification, subjecting the
people connected with land questions to this
enormous tax. It was enacted because of the
many demands that were made upon the office,
with restricted clerical force, for papers; and
the Government finally, in its own behalf,
inflicted this enormous tax. I make this sug-
gestion now for the benefit of the committee,
so that in the further consideration of this bill
that great difficulty and exaction may be cured.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is an exist-
ing rule—I know there was at one time—hi the
land department, which prevented the fur-
nishing of copies of papers there except upon
affidavits. I do not know whether there was a
law on the subject or not; but I know that at
one time the Commissioner of the General Land
Office refused to furnish transcripts from the
records unless certain affidavits were filed. If
a party desirous of purchasing a tract of land
wished to ascertain whether it could be «afely
purchased, it was clogged, before he could get
the transcripts of the entry of the land or its
grant by Government, with impediments which
were very much in the way of the transfer of land.
I do not know whether that rule exists now,
but I am quite sure that it did some years ago.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been modified by
the law to which the Senator from California
has_ referred.^ Parties may now have tran-
scripts by paj'ing fifteen cents a folio for them.
I he difficulty which the Senator suggests was
modified by the law to which the Senator from
California has referred.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest that it needs
further modification.
Mr. WILSON. I thought it was tinder-
