1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4275
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the farther consideration of
the bill, that it maybe considered in the House
at the present time.
Mr. WARD. If I can be permitted to move
the reference of the bill to the Committee of
Claims, I will not object.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 have no objection to the
gentleman's making the motion, but I hope it
will not prevail.
There being no objection, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the TJnion was
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is justinformed
by the clerks that the bill, having been ordered
to be printed, is now in the Government Print-
ing Office.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed
till to-morrow immediately after the reading
of the Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
ASSASSINATION OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolutions
reported by the Judiciary Committee relative
to the complicity of Jefferson Davis in the
assassination of President Lincoln.
The SPEAKER. The clerks state that the
resolutions, with the report of the committee,
are at the Government Printing Office.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Then I must withdraw
my motion.
G. C. BESTOR AND G. W. il'cOHD.
Mr. HOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following joint resolution:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, &c., That the Seoretary of theNavy bedirected
to organize a board of not less than three persons,
whose duty it shall be to inquire into and determine
how much the vessels-of-war and steam machinery
Shiloh, built by George C. Bestor, and Etlah, built by
Charles W. McCord, at St. Louis, Missouri, in theyears
1863, 1861, and 1885, cost the contractors over and
above the contract price, and allowances for extra
work; and report the same to the House at its next
session.
Mr. COBB. I object. *
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I insist on the regu-
lar order.
The House, agreeably to order, proceeded to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
DISTRICT COURT AT ERIE, PENNSYLVANIA.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 62)
entitled "An act directing a district court to be
held at the city of Erie, in the State of Penn-
sylvania."
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out after the word " thereof," in line fourteen,
the following:
And that, in addition to the compensation allowed
by la.w to the said judge, he shall be paid the sum of
$300 for his additional expenses and services.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adsiissfox op nebraska.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 447) entitled "An act for
the admission of the State of Nebraska into
the Union which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. T wish to enter a
motion to refer this bill, and I ask that it be
reported in full.
The bill was read at length. It provides,
in the first section, that the constitution and
State government which the people of Nebraska
have formed for themselves be accepted, rati-
fied, and confirmed, and that the said State of
Nebraska be declared to be one of the United
States of America, and be admitted into the
Union upon an equal footing with the original
States in all respects whatsoever. The second
section declares that theState of Nebraska shall
be entitled to all the rights, privileges, grants,
and immunities, and be subject to all the con-
ditions and restrictions of an act providing for
the admission of the State, approved April 19,
1804.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I wish to submit a
brief explanation in reference to this bill, and
I will premise by expressing my regret that
a measure of such importance as this should
come before us at this very late period of the
session, when it cannot be considered by the ap-
propriate committee of this House, and when
we shall be obliged to dispose of it without
that consideration which the magnitude of the
subject renders desirable. It will be recol-
lected by members of the House that in April,
1864, the Congress of the United States passed
an enabling act, in the usual form, authorizing
the people of Nebraska to form a State gov-
ernment. A convention was called and as-
sembled, but it adjourned without taking any
action upon the constitution. Afterward the
Legislature met and formed a constitution,
which was submitted to the people and ratified
by their votes. This, in brief, is the state of
the facts.
Now, sir, I learn from information in which
I place full confidence that the Territory of
Nebraska contains to-day sixty thousand in-
habitants. We all know that it has a very
desirable climate and a rich soil, capable of
supporting a very large population; that the
Pacific railroad is being built through the Ter-
ritory ; and that the tide of emigration is flow-
ing there with great rapidity. It will very soon
be absolutely requisite that the Territory shall
have a State government. Inasmuch, then, as
Congress has already invited her to come into
the Union, and as she has substantially com-
plied with all the requirements we have im-
posed upon her, I think that in good faith she
should be permitted now to enter the Union
with the constitution which her people have
ratified. I concede that the constitution which
she presents is not in form such as I would
desire it to be; and but for the fact that we have
invited her to come in with such a constitution
as she has formed, 1 would vote against her
admission to-day. This constitution contains
a provision excluding the colored people of
the Territory from the exercise of the right of
suffrage. I think the time has gone by when
the Congress of the United States should give
its countenance to a feature so anti-republican
as that. Although, as I understand, Nebraska
contains to-day not more than one hundred
colored people, those one hundred are entitled
to all the rights of citizens and to equality with
the whites before the law. But I desire mem-
bers of the House to bear in mind that this
objectionable feature—for objectionable it must
be to every gentleman on this side of the House
—was permitted by the original enabling act;
that the people of Nebraska have done all that
we required them to do in this respect 
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. When did the people of
Nebraska form their constitution?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. In February last.
Mr. STEVENS. That was long after we had
decided the question about suffrage.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I regret exceedingly
that the people of Nebraska have not advanced
to the position that they will not discriminate
against any people on account of race or color.
But I believe that, in consideration of the con-
dition of the Territory at the present time ; in
consideration ofthe fact that it at present stands
greatly in need of suitable public buildings for
the purposes of government; in view of the
fact that the last Congress refused to do in this
respect for the Territory what I think justice
required, I believe that we should now admit
the Territory into the Union. Sir, I believe
in the policy of admitting new States as fast as i
they can be properly formed, and as soon as '
the people are in a condition to govern them-
selves.
Mr. BROMWELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether the United States h^s ever suf-
fered any injury from the admission of a Ter-
ritory too soon, or whether that is likely ever
to occur.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I think that injury
may come to the people of a Territory by not
permitting them to eome into the Union at the
proper time. I believe that when we deny to
the people of a Territory-the means of enforcing
its laws and protecting its citizens we ought to
concede to them a State government, so that
they may have the means of doing this for
themselves. I now yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. BICE, of Maine. I will hear the amend-
ment read.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the Clerk to read the
amendment I send to his desk, and which I
desire to offer to this bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting cla.use and insert
the following:
That the people of Nebraska having formed for
themselves a State government, which, except in the
fact that it excludes a portion of the citizens from the
enjoyment of political rights on account of race or
color, is republican in form, it shall be the duty of
tho President of the United States, on the receipt of
due proofthat the people of Nebraska have so modi-
fied their State constitution as to admit all the male
ril i/,ens thereof over twenty-one years of age, except
Indians untaxed, and unnaturalized foreigners, to
otiual rights of suffrage, to issue his proclamation de-
claring that such State of Nebraska shall be thence-
forward entitled to all the rights and immunities, and
subject to all the conditions and restrictions of an
act to enable the people ol Nebraska to lorm a con-
stitution of State government, and for the admission
of said State into thpIJnion on an eaual footing with
the original States, approved April 19,1361.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I must decline to with-
draw my motion to recommit to receive this
amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Permit me to make a remark
or two. I proposed to offer this amendment in
order that the constitution of Nebraska might
bo brought into harmony with the established
policy of this Congress. We are now at the
close of the session. I would suggest that if
this bill be referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories or to the Judiciary Committee the peo-
ple of Nebraska can come here at the next ses-
sion with a constitution in harmony with the
policy of this Congress in regard to the Terri-
tories, in harmony with the sublime doctrine
to which this Congress has committed itself,
that all men, not being aliens or Indians un-
taxed in the Territories, shall enjoy equal po-
litical rights and can then be admitted as a
State. No harm can come to the people of
Nebraska if they are not admitted for the next
four months ; no great advantages can accrue
from having them admitted now. And if the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Rice] will permit
no amendment, and will consent to no motion
to refer, 1 hope the bill will be voted down.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I believe if I should
entertain the motion of the gentleman from.
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] it would be the
means of killing this bill. I must therefore
decline to withdraw tho motion to recommit
for that purpose. But I now withdraw the
motion to recommit and call the previous
question.
Mr. BERGEN called for tellers upon sec-
onding the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bergen, and
Mr. Rice of Maine, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 59, noes 51.
So the call for the previous question was
seconded.
Mr. KELLEY. I call for the yeas and nays
upon ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
iti the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 52, r<ot voting
72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, BelosE. Ashley, Baker.
Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Brom-
wcll, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Defrecs, Delano,
Burnout, Eckiev. Eggleston, Farnsworth, iarquhar.
Kerry, Hart, Hayes, Holmes, Hooper. Hotchkiss.
Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Iiigersoll, Ketchani, Koontz. Kuykendall,
Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence., W ilham Law-
