1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2855
stood that this bill was to go over for further
consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There has
been no motion to that effect as yet.
Mr. WILSON. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
international ocean telegraph.
Mr. CHANDLER. _ I submit the following
report from a committee of conference, and
ask for action upon it now:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill(S.No. 26) entitled
"An act to encourage tclcgraphic communication
between the United' States and the island of Cuba
and other West India islands, and the Bahamas,"
having met, after full and free conference they have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate agree to the first amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill, and that it
agree to the second amendment of the House with
an amendment as follows: at the end of tho amend-
ment insert the words, "subject, however, to the
power of Congress to alter and determine said rates
and that tho House agree to the same.
Z. CHANDLER,
L. M. MORRILL,
JOHN CONNESS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
CHARLES O'NEILL,
NELSON TAYLOR,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
sarah e. pickell.
Mr. JOHNSON. Some time since I made
a motion to reconsider the vote of the Senate
on the bill (H. R. No. 458) granting a pension
to Sarah 13. Pickell. I move to take up that
motion now with a view to refer the bill back
to the Committee on Pensions. I do this at
the request and with the concurrence of the
chairman of that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion to reconsider the vote
of the Senate postponing the bill indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved that the bill, with the accompanying
papers, be recommitted to the Committee on
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
military road in oregon.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 99.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 99) granting lands to
the State of Oregon to aid in the construction
of a military road from Albanj', Oregon, to
the eastern boundary of said State. To aid in
the construction of a military wagon road from
Albany, Oregon, by way^ of Cargon City and
the most feasible pass in Cascade range of
mountains, to the eastern boundary of the
State, the bill proposes to grant alternate sec-
tions of public lands, designated by odd num-
bers, for three sections in width on each side
of said road. The lands granted are to be
exclusively applied to the construction of the
road, and to be disposed of only as the work
progresses ; and all lands heretofore reserved
to the United States by act of Congress or
other competent authority are leserved from
the operation of the act, except so far as it may
be necessary to locate the route of the road
through the same, in which case the right of
way is granted.
Mr. CONNESS. I call the attention of the
Senator from Oregon to one of the provisions
of this bill, which is the grant of the right of
way through any reservation for military or
other purposes, without subjecting that grant
tothofipproval of anybody whatever hereafter.
It would authorize the company to locate the
road so as to destroy a reservation for military
or other uses; they might run through the heart
of it. I apprehend that is not contemplated,
and vet it may be done under this provision as
it stands. I suggest that it be amended so as
to subject the grant of the right of way through
public reservations to the approval of the De-
partment to which the reservation may belong,
as the Interior or War Department.
Mr. NESMITH. I suggest to the Senate that
the simple grant of right of way cannot very
well interfere with any reservation. It does
not give any of the land of the reservation for
any purpose, but simply the right of way.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of that, but the
right of way might destroy a military reserva-
tion.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not see how that could
result simply from a road passing through it.
Mr. CONNESS. It might run through a
military post.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been usual to put
in that the right of way is granted subject to
the approval of the President of the United
States, and then he refers it to the proper
Department.
Mr. NESMITH. I have no objection to a
provision of that sort.
Mr. POMBROY. I suggest to add to the
first section of the bill '' subject to the approval
of the President of the United States," and then
he will refer it to whatever Department it comes
under. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. NESMITH. There is a typographical
error in the fifth line of the first scetion. It is
here printed "Cargon Cityit should bo
"Canyon City."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
state department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to offer a res-
olution, and unless it is objected to, 1 should
like to have action upon it now:
llesohcd by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concuning,) That the standing committees of
tho two Houses on Public Buildings and Grounds
be instructed to inquire and report what further
provisions, if any, should bo made for the accom-
modation of the State Department.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The resolution involves
very considerably more than appears upon its
face; but in drawing it I thought it best to
word it as 1 have done. It is known, I sup-
pose,. by everybody, that the north wing of
the Treasury extension is in process of being
erected. In order to complete it, it will be
necessary to take down the building which is
at present occupied by the State Department.
There is no place provided to which the State
Department can go; and I do not know but
that it must follow that the work on the Treas-
ury building must be suspended for the want
of power to accommodate the State Depart-
ment. There is no fire-proof building where
it would be safe to lodge the very important
documents which are there.
It has been suggested to me that there may
be great difficulties in carrying out the present
plan; but it is very advisable, and very neces-
sary, in fact, that the Treasury building should
be completed. It has occurred to me—and I
will state this as a suggestion—that we shall
be very soon obliged to erect a new Presi-
dential Mansion somewhere; we ought to have
a different place from that to be oecupicd
by the President, and a place surrounded by
grounds of proper extent. How soon this can
be done I do not know, nor do I know what
facilities may exist for doing it. In that case,
the present Mansion might very well, perhaps,
be occupied by the State Department. I merely
suggest this. But it is very evident to mo that
the whole Treasury building will be'needed for
- the accommodation of the Treasury Depart-
ment itself. For instance, the Internal Rev-
enue Bureau is now in a building on the other
side of the street, which is not a fire-proof
building, and a fire in that building and a loss
of all the papers there would involve infinite
confusion and difficulty.
The whole subject is one that has really got
to a point that presses upon the consideration
of Congress to make the proper' provision for
the Departments and for the safety of the im-
portant papers in 'the different Departments,
and it is high time, in my judgment, that the
whole matter should bo deliberately consid-
ered by Congress. I have thought, therefore,"
that the better way was simply to call the at-
tention of tho Committees of the two Houses
on Public Buildings and Grounds to the sub-
ject with regard to the State Department, which
when they come to investigate they will find
involves^ the consideration of the whole sub-
ject, which cannot be, in my judgment, any
longer delayed. 1 therefore hope that the res-
olution will be adopted in order that the matter
may be considered.
Mr. SUMNER. I am glad that the Senator
from Maine has called attention to this subject.
It has occupied something of my thoughts
during this whole session. No one can visit
the State Department without seeing that the
building is, if I may so express myself, on its
last legs   that it will not continue iong. It is
old itself, but it must give way, as the Sena-
tor suggests, to the Treasury building; and all
that space, I presume, will be needed for the
purposes of the Treasury building. The ques-
tion, then, is where we shall place the State
Department. I have heard it suggested that
it should be transferred to tho present Mansion
of the President; but there is one remark to
make upon that, that Mansion is not fire-
proof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can bo made so, I
understand.
Mr. SUMNER. I have heard that suggested,
and still again I have heard it doubted. I
merely throw that out as something which of
course the committee or the authorities who
have it in charge must most carefully consider,
for we should all start with the idea that the
State Department must be placed in a fire-proof
building. There are all the archives of the
Government from the beginning except some
few, and they are in reasonably good preserva-
tion. There are also the original treaties, and
with regard to these I have often thought my-
self, and have sometimes thoughtof introducing
a joint resolution to that effect, that it would bo
advisable to have them transferred to the mu-
seum at the Patent Office. They are essentially
curiosities. As they are now published in the
Statutes-at-Largo, they are not of essential im-
portance as records, but they are very curions,
lor instance, for a visitor or a traveler who
comes to Washington. They ought, however,
all will see, to be in some placc that is lire-proof.
I therefore assume that the building which we
shall have must be fire-proof, and the practical
question will be, whether the President's Man-
sion could be put in such condition. I do not
know whether it could or not; but if it could,
it certainly would be very favorable for the
purposes of tho State Department, central, ac-
cessible ; but as the Senator from Maine says,
that of course would entail'the building of a
Mansion for the President himself. I think all
have foreseen that we must do that very soon,
and I am very glad that attention is called to
the question.
The resolution was agreed to.
pacific railroad siocx city branch.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 109, relating to the Sioux City branch
of the Pacific railroad.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
109) to rescind the order of the President desig-
nating the Sioux City and Pacific Railroad
Company to construct the branch of the Union
Pacific railroad from Sioux City; the PeJld-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Grimes. , „
Mr. SUMNER. I see that the Senator from .
Iowa [Mr. Ivibkwooii] who was to speak un
