2356
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOB1.
May 3,
this question when it was last up is not now in
liis seat. I remember perfectly well he was
about to speak because we had a little confer-
ence on the subject. He is not now in his seat.
Mr. HOWARD. I mentioned to him yes-
terday that I should call it up at the first oppor-
tunity.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps'he did not expect
it before next week.
Mr. HOWABD. I do not know how that
may be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing amendment will be read.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment is to strike
out all after the enacting clause. I suggest to
the Senator from Michigan that he let the bill
lie over until my colleague shall be present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move to postpone the farther consid-
eration of the bill ?
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator will
not press it in my colleague's absence.
Mr. HOWARD. Not if he wants to speak.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood he did. I have
not had an}'conference with him since the bill
was under consideration before; but I under-
stand the Senator from Massachusetts has had.
Mr. SUMNER. I have had; an4, he told
me he should speak.
Mr. HOWARD. Lot it lie over.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill "until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN EKICSSON.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 274.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 274) for the relief of John Ericsson was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is to
direct, the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
.lohn Ericsson the sum of $13,030, in full for
his services in planning the United States war
steamer Princeton, and planning and superin-
tending the construction of the machinery of
that steamer.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear some
explanation of the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Cali-
fornia desires some explanation. I will make
it very briefly. This is the compensation
awarded by the Court of Claims to Jonn*Erics-
son for his services in plauning the steamer
Princeton. The bill is accompanied by alengthy
report from the Court of Claims. The commit-
tee have examined the case and have no doubt
of the justice of the claim.
Mr. CONNESS. That is satisfactory.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. Ericsson has been
too busy in building a navy for us to press it
himself here.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
USE or TUB HALL.
Mr. DIXON. I* wish to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate yes-
terday rejected the resolution granting to Mrs.
Walling the use of the Chamber.
The_ PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion will bo entered.
JOSEPH NOOK.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate joint resolution No. 71,
a small resolution referring some papers to the
Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (8. R. No. 71) referring the petition
and papers in the case of Joseph Nock to the
Court of Claims was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. By
iis provisions the claim of Joseph Nock for
damages occasioned by the annulment of his
contract for furnishing Jocks and keys for the
use of the United States mail, and also for the
use of Nock's patent in the manufacture of
mail locks subsequent to such annulment, will
be referred to the Court of Claims for its decis-
ion, in accordance with the principles of equity
and justice; buttheeourtisnotto render judg-
ment for a greater sum than is contained in the
report of Solicitor Comstock to the Senate,
dated December 22,1852,
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a, third reading, read the third
time, and-passed.
WEST VIRGINIA MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. "VAN WINKLE. I move to take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 230.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 230) to reimburse the State of West Vir-
ginia for monfeys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and paying mil-
itary forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the President to
appoint a commissioner to ascertain the amount
of moneys expended by the State of West Vir-
ginia in enrolling, supplying, equipping, sub-
sisting, transporting, and paying such State
forces as have been called into service in that
State since the 20th day of June, 1861, to act
in concert with the United States forces in the
suppression of rebellion against the United
States. The commissioner is to examine all
the expenditures made by the State for the
purposes named, allowing only for disburse-
'ments made and amounts assumed by the State
for enrolling, equipping, subsisting, transport-
ing, supplying, and paying such troops as were
called into scrvice by the Governor, at the
request of the United States department com-
mander commanding the district in which West
Virginia may at the time have been included,
or by the express order, consent, or concur-
rence of such commander, or which may have
been employed in suppressing rebellion in said
State. No allowance is to be made for any
troops which did not perform actual military
service in full concert and cooperation with
the authorities of the United States and sub-
ject to their orders. From the aggregate
amount found to be due, the commissioner is
to deduct the amount of direct tax due by the
State to the United States under the act enti-
tled "An act to provide increased revenue
from imports, pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved August 5,
1861.
In the adjustment of accounts the commis-
sioner is not to allow for any expenditure or
compensation for service at a rate greater than
was at the time authorized by the laws of the
United States in similar cases. If from his
report it shall appear that any sum remains
due to the State, the Secretary of the Treasury
is to draw his warrant for the same, payable
to the Governor of the State, and deliver it to
him. The commissioner before proceeding to
the discharge of his duties is to be sworn that he
will carefully examine the accounts existing
between the United States and the State of
West Virginia, and that he will to the best of
his ability make a just, true, and impartial
statement thereof, as required by this act. He
is to receive such compensation for his ser-
vices as may be determined by the Secretary
of the Treasury. The sum of $308,548 37
is appropriated to carry the act into effect.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask that the report
ofthe Military Committee in this case be read.
The Secretary read the following report,
which was submitted by Mr. Nesmith on the
27th of March:
The Committee on Military Affairs andtheMilitia,
to whom was referred the joint resolution of the
Legislature of "West, Virginia, adopted February 17,
1866, "to secure an appropriation by Congress for
the payment of certain military claims creatcd in
that State during the war," haveliad the same under
consideration, and beg leave to report:
That from an examination of official documents
and vouchers, together with the statement of Gov-
ernor ArthurI.Boreman and Adjutant,General Peir-
point. it appears that the State of West Virginia did
incur liabilities in defending that Stato against the
rebels and guerrillas during the rebellion, as follows:
1. For moneys paid to independent companies, the
sum of.   $213,988 42
2. For moneys appropriated for payment
of militia 142,645 12
3. For appropriations for supplying mili-
tia While in service  3,271 88
4. For subsisting and equipping volunteer
recruits mustered into servico of the
United States   1,592 10
5. For money paid to Upshur county mili-
tia while prisoners  6,950 85
Total $308,548 37
The necessity for the foregoing expenditures may
be briefly stated:
The first class above mentioned were independent
companies, numbering from twenty-five to seventy-
five men, with one commissioned officer, organizedin
the border counties of the State, with instructions
and orders to cooperate as far as practicable with the
United States forces, and to keep down and suppress
lawless bands of guerrillas or partisan rangers, then
continually infesting such counties, under authority
of the so-called confederatcgovcrnment, forpurpose3
of plunder and conscription. The services rendered
by these companies were of great value and impor-
tance to the United States troops stationed near the
border, acting, as they did, as scouts and guides
through the mountains, and in furnishing informa-
tion of the operations and movements of the enemy
in their front. Being citizens andresidents ofthe coun-
try in which they were required to operate, they were
much more efficient for the purposes mentioned than
the United States troops could have been. During
tho existence of those organizations many favorable
notices of their services wore received from military
commanders withm the department. Tho duty per-
formed by them was of the most arduous and dan-
gerous character, and they were only paid for the
time actually on duty.
The second class mentioned is for services rendered
by tho militia ofthe State when called into actuaj.
service. The principal portion is for services ren-
dered by six companies in the southwestern portion
of the State, organized by authority of Governor Peir-
point, under the restored government of Virginia, in
1862. These companies were in the service continu-
ously for nearly nine months, supplied with arms and
ammunition, but furnishing their own clothing and
subsistence. They were for the greater part of tho
time under the command and subject to the orders of
Brigadier General Julius White, then commanding
the district of east Kentucky, and other officers in tho
United States serviee in that district. Of these com-
panies General White makes the following indorse-
ment upon their muster and ^ay-rolls: "I had fre-
quent and valuable services from these companies,
and believe tho time charged upon these rolls has
been fairly and honestly estimated, and ought to be
paid." This indorsement is also concurred in by Hon.
Laban T. Moore and by Colonel John L. Zeigler, lato
of the fifth Virginia infantry volunteers. Theremain-
ing portion of this class is for services rendered by tho
militia for shorter periods, and were called out usually
at the suggestion of the department and district com-
manders to act in concert with the UnitcdStates troops
in maintaining'peace against guerrillas and in repel-
ling hostile invasion.
Of the necessity for the scrvice of the independent
companies and militia mentioned it may be said to
have been absolute. West Virginia was a border
State, and her territory a matter of continual con-
troversy from the commencement to the end of the
rebellion; and while it was no doubt the intention of
tho General Government to furnish protection to the
loyal people, yet from tho nature of the warfare
which existed there, the United States troops sta-
tioned within the State were inadequate for their
protection, and without the assistance rendered by
the militia of the State alarge portion of the territory
must have been abandoned, thus transferring the
border from the mountains of West Virginia to the
Ohio river or beyond it.
Of the other ela&ses of claims it is, perhaps, un-
necessary to speak. Suffice it to say, the subsistence
and supplies charged tor were furnished by the citi-
zens of the Stato when the militia were called into
service, and when they could not be supplied by tho
State or the United States Government.
The company of miiitia were organizing and drill-
ing, when it was attacked by a superior force of the.
enemy, and sixty-eight of the company were cap-
tured and carried to southern prisons, forty-fivo of
whom died while in prison. The surviving members
of tho company and the families of those who died
in prison were paid thirteen dollars per month only
from the date of capture to the date of death or
release from prison.
The committee reporting the accompanying bill
recommend its passage.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It is not necessary to
add more than a few words to the report of tho
committee. The bill in form is the same as
the bill that passed the Senate for the relief of
the State of jfissouri, while the amount of the
claim is much less. The whole amount that
can be paid to West Virginia under the bill is
only $308,000. The facts set forth in the report
sufficiently show that this expense was incurred
in repelling the invasion of the State, and in
carrying on the war oh the part, as it were, of
the United States. Those troops were at all
times under the'eorumand of United States offi-
cers, subject to be called on by them, and were
