CONGKESSTCMAL- frLOM.
January 20,
and adopt the other alternative, and strangle
the Government here in the very sanctuaryof
its power and majesty. "Oh doubter and gain-
sayer!" I hear some ardent friend of read-
mission ask, " have they not repealed the seces-
sion ordinances? Have tliey not adopted the
amendment to the Constitution and' repudiated
tte'reWel debt?" Oh;, yes, -rfith acomniaml of
CtountenariCe and solemnity of visage wMeh,
under tire circumstances, is triiiy rhUWelons.
have1 told all the beads, repeatedall' thre"
aves, and pattered ail the prayers enjoiiited upon
them a?a condition of absolution', butitiswith'iri
the limits of possibility' that they have done all
this to purchase unlimited indulgence to sin;
and not to be invidious in comparisons, I am
told that Ttalian brigands are never so devout
in limeelings, crossings, and paternosters, as
when they are abotitto pltmgfe afresh into crime.
They have ratified'the amendmentto the Con-
stitution, have they? But how have they rati-
fied it? With a construction and gloss upon it
which is more trumpet-tohgUed proof of their
perennial perfidy to the black race than all the
hypocritical mouthings of acquiescence in eman-
cipationwhich could be collected in asix-months'
bunt front Richmond to the Rio Grande. They
have ratified it with a construction that it merely
abolishes the infamy of buying, selling', and own-
ing human beings-; and under the exceptional
clause ("except as a' punishment for crimc")
reconstructed North Carolina is now selling
black men into' slavery for petty larceny, and
reconstructed South Carolina, Mississippi, and
Louisiana are fettering the contract system with
so many subtle formalities, forfeitures, and con-
ditions, that a modern labor contract is much
like an oldLfashioncd slave-pen—a trap to hold
the freedman to his work and cheat him of his
wages. It is also true that in equivocal and
guarded language they have repealed the seces-
sion ordinance and repudiated the rebel debt.
But who can have faith ma generation of vi-
pers? The next Legislatures may re'enact, secesj
sion and reaffirm the debt, and I am determined
for one lo accept no botidH for their good be-
havior which they are at liberty either to can-
cel or steal. But the oaths 1 the oaths! They
have sworn oatlis to bo faithful to the Constitu-
tion and to support the laws. Yes, my friend,
they have piled Pelioti upon Ossa 111 the shape
of oaths; hut, alas 1 they have taken all these
oatlisbefore,and on the top of them taken penury
upon their souls; and those Who witnessed their
perjured Senators and Representatives, their
perjured officers, military, naval, and civil, their
perjured judges, and their perjured curs of low
degree, rushing'from the Bible which they had
kissed to the rebel congress and the confederate
camp, will require more irreversible guarantees
from the returning prodigals than those which
end with "so help me God!" Confidence is said
to be a plant of slow growth, and if there is any
kind of confidence which should be longer than
the American aloe in blossoming, it is confi-
dence in any oath which these convictcd oath-
breakers can take.
I have pursued this investigation thus far into
the animus of the inhabitants of the disfran-
chised States by the intuitions of common sense,
with the expectation that this process would
guide us at least to the conclusion that the bur-
den of proof in this case rests most signally
upon those who claim that they are ripe for our
embrace and for the immediate readtnission of
their Representatives to this floor-. 1 was in-
tending next to adopt a more systematic method
of investigation with the hope of showing that
tbe_intuitions of common senseand the process
of inductive investigation mutually fortify and
vindicate the same general conclusions, [was
intending to examine the southern animus as
evinced, first, by their general, local, and muni-
cipal elections; second, by the laws and ordi-
nances which they have passed respecting the
freodmen: third, by the testimony of the special
agent appointed by the President to investigate
their loyalty; fourth, by correspondence from
the infected region: and fifth; bvthe statements
of loyal citizens from the renovated States'; and
I-aftiim that from all these distinct and inde-
pendent sources of information the evidence is
complete and overwhelming that southern loy-
alty consists in submission to necessity, and that
their implacable animosity to the Federal Gov-
ernment, and'to those great nieasureswhicli have
been inaugurated for liberating and enfranchis-
ing the slave, ismertly bidingthe time'when, by
the return to these Halls of its full'coinplement
of Sett&torss and Representatives, the mislbr-
turHjS'of the fleld:may be redeemed in the forum.
But aS'the whole body of la^fs and ordinances
htrve not yet reached' us, the materials for an
exhaustive examination ate riot vet' complete,
and I must" differ' to some future period of the
debate the results of such an investigation. I
can assure gentlemen that' when the results of
such an investigation are brought to the intelli-
gence and conscience of the North, no man can
live who votes for the unconditional admission
of these unregenerate and implacable foes to
any participation in onr legislation here. I am
thankful that my feeble voice has been permit-
ted at this early day to sound the alarm.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, defined my view
of the relation of these insurgent States, as de-
termined by public law and by the Constitution, -
to this Government. I have indicated with-
out vindicating the constitutional muniments
which will be required to defend' the cause we
have \Von when "public enemies" shall be
joined with usin executing our sacred trust. In
doing this I have stated some of the principles
which will govern me in this momentous crisis
of my country's history. Guided by them, I shall
enter the dark and portentous-cloud which"is
still lowering before us without fear, with great
hope, but with 110 certainty. Upon the God of
nations and the invincible strength of northern
freemen we must still rely to make our deliv-
erance sure.
Mr. SM LTH (whose remarkswill be published
in the Appendix) next addressed the committee.
He had not concluded his remarks, when, at the
expiration of an hour,
The hammer fell.
Mr. DAWSON obtained the floor.
Sir. BAKER. I move' that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] have permission to
procced until he concludcs what lie has to say.
No objection was made.
Mr. SMITH. I do not expect to trespass on
the attention of the House again this session.
1 really did not intend to speak so long as I have
to-day. Butif the House will indulge me by ad-
journing now, and permitting me to conclude
my remarks on Monday, 1 shall be very much
obliged, and will be able, I am certain, to fin-
ish then in' about thirty minutes all 1 have to
say. It must be evident from my voice that I
am not in a condition to proceed now.
Mr. DAWSON. I will move that the com-
mittee now rise, with a view to allow the mem-
ber from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] an oppor-
tunity to conclude his remarks on Monday, and
with the understanding that I atn entitled to the
floor when he shall have concluded.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rosei and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaixe reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration House
bill No.122, makingappropriationsfcrthenaval
service for the year ending June 80, 1867, and
also the President's annual message, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
prancis a. gibbons and p. x. kelley.
Mr. McKEE.- I ask unanimous consent of
theTIouse to take from the Private Calendar a
joint resolution reported from the Committee
of Claims, referring back to the Court of Claims
for a rehearing the case of Francis A. Gibbons
and F. X. Kelley, on an amended petition.
No objection was made.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution ; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
registry of vessels.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to further regulate the registry of
vessels; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
cyrus a. anthony.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced'a bill for the relief of Cyrus A. An-
thony; which-was read a first and second time,
and referred-to the Committee of Claims.
Sk-NITATIY CONtfrtlbsrOFBIS'TRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Ileiofoed, That the Committee' for the Districtof
Columbia he, anil they are hereby, instructed'to,in-
quire vvhat measures are necessary and practicable to
be taken by Congress for the purpose of improving
the sanitary condition of the city of Washington in
view" of th'e'possibie anpearancc of the Asiatic cholera
with the approach of trie warm season, and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
And then, on motion of Mr. DBFREES,the
House (at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes
p. m.) adjourned to Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 20, 1866.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
credentials presented.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
credentials of Samuel J. Kirkwood, chosen by
the Legislature of the State of Iowa a Senator
from that State for the unexpired term of Hon.
James Harlan, ending March 3, 1867; which
were ordered to bo filed.
He also presented the credentials of Hon.-
James Harlan, chosen bytlie Legislature of the
State of Iowa a Senator from the State of Iowa
for the term of six years, commencing on the
4th of March, 1867 ; which were ordered to be
filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
engineers of the United States revenue marine
service, praying for an increase of their com-
pensation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
reports of committees.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom were referred memorials
of citizens of Michigan, remonstrating against
the renewal of the so-called reciprocity treaty
with the British Provinces, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that they be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations ; which was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
wer§ referred petitions of John Pridgeon, Wil-
liam K. Muir, and John A. Sloan, praying for
the issuance of American registers to the steam-
tugs Michigan and Dispatch, reported a bill (S--
No. 89) to issue American registers to the steam-
vessels Michigan and Dispatch ; which wasread,
and passed to a second reading.
burlington and missouri river road.
Mr. GRIMES. I movethat the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion No. 20, reported from the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olutlori (S. 11. No. 20) extending the time for
the completion of the Burlington and Missouri
River railroad was read a second time by its title,
and considered as in Committee ofthe Whole. It'
provides that in ease the' Burlington and Mis-
souri River Railroad Company shall complete
the section of twenty miles from the present ter-
mitius of its road by the 1st of October, 1806,
and the certificate of the Governor of Iowa
shall be filed with the Secretary of the Interior
of such completion, the company shall be enti-
tled to its lands, as provided in section cightof
the act entitled "An act lo amend an act enti-
tled 'An actmaking a grantof land to the State
of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State,"'
and its rights shall be in all respects the same
as if the section should have beeni' completed on'
the 1st of July next.
