1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL. ©LOBE.
March 14-,
represented at the approaching Exposition at
Paris. I will detain-the House but for a few
minutes.
Let me premise by .spying that I cannot fol-
low the eloquent gentleman from Illinois [Mi.
W,s.simurxe] in his declaration of war against
France because her people are in Mexico. That
occasion has not arrived. Rut I do follow him
with all my heart in. his just efforts towardre-
trenchment and reform. I shall go with him
to save the people's money when it can be done.
I confess, too, an admiration of that great
captain of whom he spoke, and I honor him
for his persistency in that long devotion to the
greatest captain of" the world for which lie is
distinguished. I hope with him that he is to
be, if called by the country, the great leader,
the future leader of the American people in
time of peace, as he has been in perils of war.
Now, sir, I wish to say a word in regard to
the invitation of the great French nation to
the American people to exhibit the products
of their industry.
Mr. SPALDING-. Do you propose to sec-
ond the nomination of Lieutenant General
Grant made by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiibuune] for the next Presidency?
Mr. GRLNNELL. I will state, if the time
ever comes that General Grant-shall be nomi-
nated by the unconditional stand-fire portion
of the country I will sustain the nomination, as
I have no doubt the country will most heartily.
Mr. RADFORD. Does the gentleman from
Iowa propose to discuss the bill before the
committee, or does ho propose to make a
political speech ?
Mr. GllINNELL. I have said that I should
not follow the gentleman from Illinois in the
discussion of any such matters. I was saying,
when interrupted, that the invitation of the
French nation was as considerate and hearty
as could be asked. It is cordial, and is worthy
of our attention. We should not forget our
ancientfricudsliip with France, the nation which
sentusLa Fayette, whoso portrait, Mr. Speaker,
is upon your left, while that of Washington, the
Father of his Country, who loved him so much,
is upon your right. They stand there in token of
the long friendship of the Father of his Country
for our groat and tried friend, and of the union
between the two nations. We have nothing but,
kind feelings for that country. In peace we are
friends. Let it be remembered, too, that when
the emperor opened the last Legislative As-
sembly he rejoiced that we were once more at
peace; and lie had a tear to shed in sympathy
with us for the loss of our martyred President.
It becomes us to accept his words as sincere,
and 1 regard the invitation which has been sent
to us as being well meant, and as one which
ought to receive at our hands a prompt and
cordial response.
Now, sir, in regard to this bill I wish to say,
if I understand the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, the amendments which I
will offer at the proper time will meet with his
approval. I propose to amend so that there
shall bo a reduction of the number of scientific
commissioners from ten to live, and that they
shall be distributed throughout the country so
that this may not be said to be a bill for Mas-
sachusetts or New fork, or any city or section.
I propose, further, that the States shall meet
tho expenses of these commissioners, if that is
an objection, and that they shall not be imposed
upon tho General Government. I understand
the gentleman to agree to my modifications.
I understand the gentleman from Illinois to
assert this involves an expenditure of §100,000.
I deny that: his figures are fictions. It involves
an expense of ninety or a hundred thousand
dollars. That certainly is a great sum, but it
is not a quarter the sum we struck off from the
appropriation bills for fortifications yesterday.
It is a sum that, if distributed among the Amer-
ican people, would be three mills to each per-
son. Why, sir, when you talk about expend-
iture, if one million people ill this country who
take thou- morning drinks or cigars would cut
off one drink or one cigar, tho amount saved in
one day would pay this whole appropriation.
Let fhem accept the alternative and buy one
cigar less or one drink less for a single day, and
we have $100,000 to be appropriated toward
earrying out this great enterprise of meeting
the nations of the earth in one of the grandest
conventions for peace and improvement.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
bubne] cited thefact in regard to proprietors of
American machines paying their own expenses.
I thought it was a very unfortunate illustration.
I can tell the gentleman's constituents, as I can
tell thine, that it would have been better if they
had gone to the Government for aid in paying
their expenses.
Now, sir, I happen to have purchased mow-
ing machines in iny farming, and I believe that
the expenses which the proprietor incurred prop-
erly belonged to the General Government, and
yet he bore them himself, when if they had been
borne equally by the great commercial cities of
Boston, Now York, Philadelphia, and others,
the burden would have rested less heavily upon
the farmers of the gentleman's constituents and
mine. The world had the benefit of the in-
vention, but undoubtedly many of them the
least able paid for the exhibition.
Sir, I will not undertake to follow the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] in
his statements of what this country is likely to
do at this Exhibition. I agree with him in
all the facts. But 1 believe it will be shown
that the United States can manufacture print-
ing presses as no other nation of the earth can.
I expect that we shall exhibit reapers and
mowers, as we have hitherto, superior to any
the world can produce. I believe that we shall
convince the world that the great staple of this
country, cotton, which they have been endeav-
oring to equal for the last five years through-
out the globe, is beyond comparison the best
in the world, showing conclusively that here
the throne of King Cotton is to abide forever.
It will also be shown that the American wool,
which has clothed our soldiers, far surpasses,
by the tests which have been made, the product
of any other country in strength and durability,
if not in susceptibility to finish. Weshallalso
show that a single animal has been raised in
our country which surpasses in value the twelve
merinos of the same class raised here, which
brought, §5,000 in Europe after drawing the
prizes at the Hamburg Exhibition. And is it
nothing to surpass the princely shepherds of
Europe ?
Sir, it is no inconsiderable thing for this na-
tion that wc should have the opportunity of
appearing in the presence of the world in all
the greatness of our development in agricul-
ture, arts, and manufactures—ay, sir, our man-
ufactures, that now yield a gross product of
more, than two thousand million dollars annu-
ally, and never in so rapid a stage of develop-
ment as now. A citizen of my colleague's
district [Mr. Hubbard] has just invented a
glass mold-board plow which promises, by
ease of draft and non-liability' to rust, to sup-
plant all others in the prairies, and it niay do
for use in the alluvial soils of Europe. Mr.
.Hoit is the inventor, and let it be seen by the
world.
We should call to mind here a fact, while
speaking of probable results, in regard to the
World's Exhibition of 1851. At that Exhi-
bition, had this nation been without a repre-
sentative, what would have been her standard
and position with the nations of the earth?
Here is a sample of a notice in reference to
ourselves that I find in the Year Book of Facts,
a foreign publication. After speaking of other
nations, none received a higher compliment
than ourselves:
"A more notable arrival was that of the United
States irigate St. Lawrence, with her freight of con-
tributions from the mighty hemisphere of the "West,
'the giant son of the queen of the seas.' This is .an
event of even historical importance, charged with
high piomisc to the future destinies of the two great
commercial empires of modern days, and proving the
most marked advance toward tho realization of that
i unity which first gave the exhibition scheme its
I enlightened comprehensiveness. 'Not a unity,'aptly
! enough said Prince Albert at the city of London ban-
! cjucf, 'which breaks down the limits .and levels the
i peculiar characteristics of the dift'ercntnations of the
earth, but rather-a unity the result and product ol
those very national and antagonistic qualities.
Sir, that was but a child's show compared to
thatwhieh is to be made hereafter. We shall
show the wide throats of our cannon with which
we have conquered mightier enemies than Eu-
ropean nationseverencouutered. Wc shall show
our resources, what they are in nature; we
shall show our development that has no par-
allel in the history of any nation when engaged
in war.
Now, sir, my apology for voting for a small
appropriation as a western man, representing
an agricultural district, is to be found in this
statement: I believe nothing would so much
promote immigration to this country as the ex-
hibition of the industries and of arts and of the
progress of nations when brought together and
compared. You know, Mr. ^Chairman, as one
of the Representatives from the State of Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson,] that we are expecting one hun-
dred thousand of our western people to get
ready and soon start on their way to the gold
mines. What has stimulated that emigration
from our States? The gold hunters of Idaho
and Montana and Colorado have returned and
mingled with our people, and they have exhib-
ited the rich products of those countries to
them, and say, "Come back with us."
And when we exhibit what is produced here
to inquiring millions, we shall invite millions
to come to our shores. Our unoccupied lands,
fertile, reached conveniently by railroads, and
to be by those projected, accessible by rivers, are
so wide that you might set down the whole of
continental Europe upon them, and then you
will have room for States besides. In other
countries population and poverty are synony-
mous, but we want immigration to come here,
population being wealth, to plow and reap
those lands; to graze there the flocks. Our land
is of but little value without immigration; popu-
lation is wealth. Wc have now a half hundred
million acres of land of little real value to the
owners, and seemingly promotive of little else
then profane swearing on the part of those who
are obliged to pay the taxes on them. We want
them occupied and cultivated. And these peo-
ple will come and occupy them when they have
before them what we are by the representations
of our industry and our greatness.
This Exposition will mark an epoch in the
history of nations when we appear there, as I
believe we shall, triumphant and bearing off
the premiums and prizes; standing erect, great
dignified, honorable, mighty, coming out of a
war such as no nation was ever engaged in be-
fore.
I am for the smallest appropriation that will
suffice for this purpose, but I am not in favor
of any penny-wise and pound-foolish policy.
Let us appropriate only what is necessary to
represent us there; let us appear there by our
farmers, artisans, and scientific men. Let
Agassiz be there present to represent us;
Agassiz, who though foreign-born, is American
enough to be able to say, when invited abroad
at three times the salary he was receiving here,
"No, I have no time to waste in making
money." He preferred to be a dweller upon
our soil, at a small salary, than to dwell with
kings and associate with the potentates of tho
earth. Let us send full representations of our
country's nobility—our farmers, our mechan-
ics, our painters, our artisans—-and I believe
we shall be gainers in purse, and our future
will be more truly honorable, and the nations
of the earth will regard us with more esteem.
Let those who want war look down the wide
throat of our cannon. We have no weakness
to expose to the nations of the world. We
shall be, in the world's estimation, mightier
in war as we shall be more noble in peace.
Mr. WOODB-RIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I do
not profess to be particularly economical in my
personal affairs. But I certainly do feel when
the Republic is burdened with so vast a debt,
and the people are under the pressure of such
unprecedented taxation, that we are under ob-
ligation to practice the strictest economy in the
appropriation of the public money.
