1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285.7
frequently called out by them. I have in my
hand letters and dispatches from major gen-
erals, brigadier generals, and colonels, United
States officers, calling the troops into requisi-
tion. The report sets forth an indorsement
made on the pay-rolls by General White in
reference to the efficiency of the service of these
troops, and expressing his opinion that the time
charged for is not excessive. The principal
charge is for the services of certain independent
companies which were raised with the appro-
bation of the President and the War Depart-
ment, and were armed and equipped by the
War Department, and subsisted by the Depart-
ment, but who otherwise were at the expense
of the State. No monthly pay was ever made
to them by the General Government; and I
have among the papers an order from the Sec-
retary of War directing their disbandment at
the close of the war, which shows that they
were recognized as troops on the part of the
United States.
The service in West Virginia, as is known to
most Senators, was very peculiar. The whole
State is made up of spurs of the Alleghanies,
and consequently is a succession of high ridges,
perhaps from one end of the'State to the other.
The people of that country, accustomed to
these mountain paths, find their way in them
at any time ; but the service that was neces-
sary there to protect the borders from invasion
was a very unwilling service on the part of
other troops who were called on to perform it.
The fact is they were in great danger of their
lives. They were in danger of being lost in
the mountain paths, and by the peculiar knowl-
edge of those to whom they were opposed in
such a country they were in more danger than
men would be under ordinary circumstances.
These independent companies, therefore, were
raised for this service. They took charge mainly
of the frontier. They kept the State from
being invaded and the property of everybody
plundered and carried off, and they were also,
as is fully stated in the papers, of immense ser-
vice to the regular United States troops, in
acting as scouts and furnishing them informa-
tion.
■ It is proper to state, also, that the Govern-
ment were hardly, at any time during the war,
able to furnish us sufficient troops for our pro-
tection, and that these troops were raised for
that purpose. It is within my personal knowl-
edge that owing to some exigency arising in
the military service elsewhere the troops were
withdrawn from our whole frontier; even the
troops guarding the railroad were withdrawn,
and their places supplied by militia.
But, sir, these papers come before Congress
in such a way that I think I need not enlarge
much on the subject. The Legislature of West
Virginia appointed a commission of respectable
and highly intelligent gentlemen to investigate
all these claims ; and while the State has paid
in excess of the sum named in the bill some
sixty or seventy thousand dollars, yet, not deem-
ing those accounts as formal as they should be,
they have not sent them here for payment.
I may state, also, that this is the only claim
that West Virginia has against the Government.
While there are now pending in the two Houses
claims from other States, amounting in some
cases to millions of dollars, for organizing and
putting in motion their troops, West Virginia
has no such claim. It is known that she_ fur-
nished to the volunteers of the Army, inde-
pendent of these troops whose payment is now
asked for, thirty-three thousand men, equal,
when reduced to three years' men, to twenty-
seven thousand, while a groat portion, one
third, perhaps, of her population were inim-
ical to the Government. She has had these
extra claims, if they may be so considered,
thoroughly examined. The papers are all in
regular order. They have been made out on
United States blanks, and I apprehend that the
commissioner who is to be appointed under this
bill will have no difficulty in adjusting the claims
satisfactorily. _ .
The Senate will remember that this is not a
final appropriation for this matter. These
claims are all to come before a commissioner
appointed, I believe, by the War Department,
who will examine them thoroughly. The whole
amount is but $3G8,000, if we .get it all; and
as we have within a few days passed a bill in
favor of Missouri, and another in favor of Penn-
sylvania, and another in favor of Kansas, I trust
the Senate will be disposed to look with favor
on this application of West Virginia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may be mistaken, but
I thought from the reading that the appropria-
tion in the bill was something over six hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Three hundred and
sixty-eight thousand and some odd dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the total
appropriation ?
Mr. NESMITH. Three hundred and sixty-
eight thousand five hundred and forty-eight
dollars and thirty-seven cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it to be,
read $600,000. I will inquire, for I did not
hear the details of the bill read, whether it is
guarded with regard to the rates of payment of
these troops, so as to bring it within military
rules and the rules of the Department.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The sum that has been
paid to these companies is but thirteen dollars
a month. That is to pay them for their time.
Then there is a small charge, not amounting to
$5,000, for subsistence furnished by the State
to these troops. Then there is a charge for a
company which, while drilling for the first time,
I believe, were surprised and carried off—sixty-
eight in number, of whom forty-five perished in
the prisons of the South. The State paid those
men from the time of their capture until their
death or release from captivity at the same rale,
—thirteen dollars a month.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator did not
understand me. I inquired if there was any
provision by which the rates would be brought
within the principles established by the War
Department.
Mr. NESMITH. With the permission of
the Senator from West Virginia, I will state
that the fourth section of the bill provides—
That in the adjustment of accounts under this act,
the commissionershall not allow for any expenditure
or compensation for service at a rate greater than was
at the time authorized by the laws of the United States
in similar cases.
That fixes the amount in relation to that.
Then the third section provides:
That in making up said account, for the conven-
ience of the accounting officers of the Government,
the commissioner shall stato separately the amounts
expended, respectively, for enrolling, equipping, arm-
ing, subsisting, transporting, and paying s:ud troops,
and from the aggregate amount he shall deduct the
amount ot direct tax due by the said Stato to the Uni-
ted Slates, under the act entitled "An act to provide
increased revenue from imports, pay interest on the
publiedebt, and for other purposes," approved August
5,1861.
This claim was referred to me by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs for investigation, and
I took very great pains to examine into all the
details in connection with it. I examined the
vouchers and the statements of the officers of
West Virginia. The vouchors were very much
in detail. I had not an opportunity of exam-
ining them all, but they were made out on blank
forms furnished by the War Department; and
I must say that I have never examined a set of
papers which appeared to be more carefully
made out and more perfect in all their details.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am entirely satisfied.
The object of my inquiry was simply to find
out whether the ease was brought within the
ordinary rules of the service.
Mr. NESMITH. It was thoroughly exam-
ined in all those respects. I will state that the
item of $6,950 85 was the only point that I dis-
covered in all the investigation about which
there could be any possible doubt, and I think
that that is a matter which will appeal to the
humanity of every member of this body. Six
thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars and
eighty-five cents was appropriated and paid by
the Legislature of West Virginia to the families
of a company of militia who were captured by
tlie enemy and confined in southern prisons.
The report says:
" The company of militiawere organizing and drill-
ing, when it was attacked by a superior forco of the
enemy and sixty-eight of the company were captured
and carried to southern prisons, forty-five of whom
died while in prison. The surviving members of the
company, and the families of those who died in prison,
were paid thirteen dollars per month only from the
date of capture to the date of death or release from
prison."
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe this is an
exact copy of the bill as originally prepared
by me in the Missouri case, with the exception
of the number of commissioners. It was ori-
ginally prepared with three, but I preferred to
have but one. The House of Representatives,
however, when that bill passed inserted three
commissioners, and also added another amend-
ment, of which I do not recollect the precise
language, but I know they requiied the report
to be submitted to the accounting officers of
the Treasury. Inasmuch as the bill would-
probably be amended in the House so as to
make it correspond \iith the Missouri bill, and
inasmuch as the Missouri bill passed in that
way, and it will be nothing more than just to
submit thesa claims to the same scrutiny, I
will offer an amendment to insert after line
five of section five these words :
"Who shall cause the samo to be examined by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, and said
officers shall audit the accounts as in ordinary oases.
So that the section will read :
That so soon as said commissioner shall have made
up said account and ascertained thebalance, as heroin
directed, he shallmake written report thereof, show-
ing the different items of expenditure, as hereinbe-
fore stated, to the Secretary of the Treasury, who
shall cause the same to bo examined by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, and paid officers
shall audit the accounts as in ordinary cases, and if
from said report it shall appear that any sum remains
clue to the said State, he shall draw his warrant for
the same, payable to the Governor of said State and
deliver it to him.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that the lan-
guage should be, "in ordinary eases as if the
^jame troops had been mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States."
Mr. HENDERSON. There is no necessity
for that. The Senator will see in the second
section that it is sufficiently guarded in that
point. There can be no allowance under this
bill for troops that were not called out by^ the
United States commanders, or did not perform
service under them. If the Governor called
out troops they are not to be paid. I think
the bill is correct and ought to be passed. I
think that where United States commanders
called out the militia of any State and forced
them to do service, and then required the State
to pay those troops, the General Government
ought to pay the State. It is nothing but just
to West Virginia; and with the amendment I
have suggested, I think the bill ought to pass.
The words " said report" in the sixth line of
the fifth section should be changed to "their
reports; " so as to read, "and if frorn their
reports it shall appear;'' and then the bill will
be correct. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to amend the bill by inserting at the end of
line five of section five, the words, "who shall
cause the same to be examined by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, and_ said
officers shall audit the accounts asin ordinary
cases;" and in line six by striking out the
words "said report" and inserting "their
reports."
Mr. POMEROY. The bill in relation to
Kansas, I believe, had the same provision in
it; I think it ought to be in at any rate. I do
not know but that all the bills on this subject
have had the same provision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The language of the
Kansas bill was that they were to be paid aa
if they had been mustered into the service _ot
the United States." The only question which
arose in my mind was whether the accounting
officers of the Treasury, who are very technical
as to the law, would raise any question about
