1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3317
a fino not oxcccding that sum, and to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding two years nor less than six
months. No jeweler, worker or artificer in jxold or
silver shall use either of those metals except it shall
have first been stamped as aforesaid as required by
this act. No person or corporation shall export, or
cause to be exported, fiom the United States any sold
or silver in its natural state, not coined, assayed, or
stamped as aforesaid; and for every violation of this
paragraph every offender shall be subject to the pen-
alties herein provided: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall apply to the reworking of old gold or
silver in lump, ingot, or bar, as aforesaid.
The next item was read, as follows:
On snuff, manufactured of tobacco, or any substitute
for tobacco, ground, dry, or damp, pickled, scented,
or otherwise, of sill descriptions, when prepared for
use, a tax of forty cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The words (ior sale,"
after "use/' in line twenty-five hundred and
thirty-four, should be stricken out.
. The PRESIDING- OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows :
On cavendish, plug, twist, and all other kinds of
manuiacturcd tobacco, not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, a lax of forty cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next item was read, as follows;
On tobacco twi-tcd by hand, or reduced from leaf
into a condition lo bo consumed without the use
of any machine or Instrument, and without being
preyed, sweetened, 01 otherwise prepared, a tax of
thirty cents per pound.
The committee proposed to amend this item
after the word " prepared," in line twenty-five
hundred and forty-two, by inserting " and on
fine-cut shorts."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next item wjih read, as follows:
On fine-cut. ehew'.ncr tobacco, whether manufac-
tured Willi the stems in it 01 not, or however sold,
whether loose, in bulk, or in lolls,packages, papers,
wrappers, or boxes, a tax of forty cents per pound.
No amendment was reported to this item.
The next item was read, as follows:
On smokimHobaceo, Mvcctencd, stemmed, or but-
ted, a tax of forty cents per pound.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The next iiem was read, as follows:
On smokina-tohacco of all kinds, not sweetened,
nor stemmed, nor butted, including that made of
stems, or in part of stems, and imitations thereof, a
tax of twenty cents per pound.
The Committee on Finance proposed in
line twenty-five hundred and filty-two, after
"tax of," to strike out " twenty" ami insert
" fifteen;" so as to read, "fifteen cents per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next item was read, as follows:
On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco
inclosed in a wrapper, or binder, and not over three
and a halt inches m length, and on cigars made with
twisted heads, and on cheroots, and on ci^ar; known
ns short-sixe-, Iheiuaiket value of which w not over
eight dollars per thousand, a tax of two dollars per
thousand.
No amendment to 1 his item was reported.
The next item was read, as follows:
On pll other cigarette and chrars, the market value
of which is over ccrht dollar.* and not over twelve
dollais per thousand, a tax ol four dollars per thou-
sand.
The committee proposed to amend by strik-
ing out "other" before "cigarettes" and in-
serting ''cheroots;" so as to read, "cheroots,
cigarettes, and cigars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next item was read, as follows:
On Jill other raprarctt"* and ci?ar<, a tax of four dol-
lars poi thou-and, and, in addition, fortv per cent.
ad wrfot'f ni onthe value bevond twelve dollars per
thousand, to be as 'e srd on the exi-e.-s beyond twelve
dollars pel thousand: Pioculcd,, 'lhat an vperson who
shall *>ir'er oi expo 5e tor ilo any citcars, oheioofs, or
ei'/arettcs, whether tUe articles so offjr'd or exposed
are impo] ted. or rrc of loroign or domestic manufac-
ture, shall be deemed I he man mac tui er Iheicof, a ml
shall be subject to all the dutio-, liabilities and pen-
alties impo.-cdhy law in ] ecard to th" sale of domes-
tic articles without the me ot the proper .-tamp or
stamps denoting the duty or tax paid thereon. And
tho Oommt-ioner of "Internal Revenue, with the
approval of rise Secr-tary of the Tre.^u.v, may pre-
scribe such r< 'filiations lor the^n-po. tion and valua-
tion of ci'-rer -. iheioots, and clrr.\ret t es. and tue col-
lection oftlm ia\t!u reoii, a ; -hall, in his judgment,
be most eile-'ove hv tlm oi' nrimi of inequalities
and fraud,- in t'u pa* nu,.' 1 < . U"h jav. And, in ad-
dition to othoi regulation , it.diali oe theduty oi the
inspector or assessor who appraises any cigars, cigar-
ettes, oreheroots to examine thomanufacturer thereof
or his asent under oath, which oath shall be admin-
istered by the inspecting and appra^ins officer, and
reduced to writing, and tigned by such manulacturer
or his agent, with a view to ascertaining whether
such manufacturer has any interest, direct or indi-
rect, in any sale that has been made, or any resale to
bo made of said cigars, cigarettes, or cheroots, by tho
concealment of which he seeks to obtain a false,
fraudulent, or dcceptivo appraisement.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by inserting "cheroots," in
line twenty-five hundred and sixty-four, after
'•cigarettes;" and after the words "tax of,"
in line twenty-live hundred and sixty-five, to
strike out "four" and insert "ten;" so as to
read, "on all other cigarettes, cheroots, and
cigars, a tax of ten dollars per thousand."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to strike out
after "thousand," in line twenty-live hundred
and sixty-five, the following words:
And, in addition, forty per cent, ad valorem on the
value bejond twelve doll.u-- per thousand, to bo as-
sessed on tho ev<.t.v4 bej ond twelve dollars per thou-
sand: Proindi d, That any person who shall offeror
exposo for sale any usrars, cheroots, or cigarette^,
whether the arfu let-* oiVcrod or exposed arc im-
ported or aie of foreurn or domestic manufacture,
shall be deemed the manulacturer thcreoi, and shall
be subject to all the duties, liabilities, and penalties
imposed by law in regard to the sale of domestic
articles without the use of the pi opcr stamp or stamps
denoting tho duty or tax paid iheroon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to insert in lieu of
the words thus stricken Out the following:
Provided, That upon all imported ehrars and che-
roots, but not including ci'-raicttec, an intern.d reve-
nue tax shall bo levied and collected, m addition to
the duties paid upon impoii.itum thereof, oi ten dol-
lar per thousand, and s'.unps denotm^ the payment
of Mich t.ix shall, under such lobulations its jhe
Commissioner of Internal ltovouue may picsuibe,
bo allixed to ovciy box or paokiu-e of imporu d ci'.mi>
or ehea'Oots beioie the s:uno are sold oi /dt-'udlor
sale; and any cigars orciierooU so imported, which
shall bo sold or otiered or exposed ior sale without
having stamps allixed, oh all be forfei ted to the United
States, and the importer of such cigars oreheroots
shall be deemed the manufacturer I hereof, and shall
bo subject to all the du-'ics, liabilities, and penalties
imposed by law upon tho manufacturer of domestic
cigars or clieioots.
Mr. FESSENTPEN. The committee do not
now recommend the adoption of that amend-
ment. It is probable it will not work well, and
it can be better provided fur at the custom-
house by a provision in the tariff bill. I hope,
therefore, (his amendment will be rejected.
The ameudnvrnt, was rejected.
Mr. FESSEXPEN. I wish now to go back-
to page fcS, to make an amendment to conform
to the action we have just taken. In line nine-
teen hundred and thirty-nine, on page 88, 1
move to stiikc out" whetho of domestic inan-
ufactme or imported."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FEBSENDEN. hi the same connec-
tion, I move, on page to strike out "by
the inspector" after " allixed," in line nine
hundred and sevontv-one.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert, after line twent)-six hundred and eight,
the following clause:
That, section ninoty-cigat be amended by sUikiiuc |
out all alter the enact in:-' elau-e and ius^rtim? in !:- u i
thercot the foilowin that t.nere •-hall be [evied and
collected and paid on oil sales of i e ,] estate, goo,l.s ,
waies merchandise, ai tides, or things at auction, ,
including all sales of stocks, bonds, and other securi- j
ties, a duty ot one tenth of one per cent, on the gioss |
amount of such saKs; and every auctioneer or other j
person making such sales, as aiorcsaid, shall, at tho \
end of oach and eveiy month, or within ten days ;
theieaftci, make a list or icfurn to tho n^a.dant as- ,
se^or of the, district of the gro^s amount of sucluiiles, ,
made as aforesaid, with the amount of dutv which j
hasaecrued orshouldacciuetheieon, which li4 sli.dl j
have annexed thereto a declaration wader oath or j
affiimatioii, in iormand manner as may ho prc-.ctibcd ,
by the Commits,oner ot Internal Jtcvcnue, that the ,
•same i.^ true and eorreet, ami shall, at the Mime f irne, 1
as I'fore.^aid, pav to the collector or deputy collector j
the amount of duty or iax thereupon, as aforesaid,
and in detaulf then of diall lie subject, to and pay a •
penalty ofIn all cis^es of slelinrjuency in rank- '
ingsai'dh^t or payment the as^e^.-meut and collec- ;
tionsh.iU be made in the manner prescribed in the ,
general piovi-uon.' of tlii-5 t: /'rono'rd, '\iK\i no [
duiy .-hall he levied audi r r'ie ore visions ofth',- w"-- ^
tion upon anv sal"^ t y oi Ioj .ni'le'iaj or 'n: v t.
oOieej nitiking au( tiojis..!e: I a v ti tu, of a. in I'.ui'-i1*
ordrertooj any court, n'-r to int-di' --aic4- m ide ev
guaidian.-, executors, oi adminleiralcro, 1
Mr. FESSEND33N. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the word u monthly"
after "paid" "in line twenty-six hundred and
twelve.
Tho amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
all after the word "sales," iu line twenty-six:
hundred and fifteen, to "provided" in line
twenty^six hundred and thirty-one. The same
provision is in the bill before.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. The word "duty," in
line twenty-six hundred and thirty-two, should
be "tax."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to,
as follows:
That sec,tion ninety-eight be amended by striking
out all after tho enacting ciauso and inserting in lieu
thereof tho following: that there shall bo levied and
collected and paid monthly on all sales of real esta.te,
tiood.-s wartmen handle, articles, or things at auc-
tion, mcludiiei all sales of stocks, bonds, and other
tecuritics, a dutv of one tenth of one per cent, on tho
gro>s amount ot such sa.ies: J'nwhkd, ,That no tax
shall be lo\ied under tho provisions of this^section
uoou any sales by or for judicial or executive offi-
cers making miction salcb by virtue of a judgment
or dcei-'c oi any court, nor to public tales mado by
pruardiam, cxecutors, or administrators.
The next clause wai; read, as follows:
That section ninety-nine bo amended bytiriking
out all alter the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the. lollowr.ur: that theie shall bo paid on
all. ale.-, made byb.okci ..banks,or bankers, whether
made for the benetit of oiheis or on their own ac-
count, tho tallow 11;-; ta\"v, (hat is to say: upou all
saks ami coutriu t> tm- Liie halo of sto< k^, bond--, fai-
oign ex-halite, cold .md silver bullion and c< in,
])romi--ory notes or oilier s-ecuriluv, a tax at tac
rate of one cent tor every hundred dollars of liie
amount of such sales or contiacts: and on alisalcs
and contracts for sale negotiated and made by any
person, film, oi company not paying a special tax
as a. broker, bank, or backer, of any gold or silver
bullion, foreign exchange, coin, uiicurrcnt monev.
promis&ury notes, stocks, bonds, or other securities,
not, his or their own propcHy, there shall be paid
a tax at the rato of iivo cents for every hundred
dollars of the aiuountof such sales or contracts; and
on every ralo and contract for tale, as atorcsaid,
thereshall ho m,id<- «md dciivcrcl bvihoseilei* to
tile buyer a till) or memorandum of such..-.a le or con-
tract, on which tlieio Miall be ailixe.l a lawful stamp
or i tamps m vjihic "tjiinl lo Uie jimount ot tax on
Mich safe, to lie det.-rinined by the rates of tax be-
fi>re m<nljoned: and in computing tho amount ol
the stamp duty oi lax in any case herein provided
lo), any fia-tional pat of ^lOOof value or amouid
on v.lueh t'iv is co.nput.ed sh.dl ho accounted ns
SUM). And e\ cry bdl or mcmoi ar.dum of sale or con-
tract of sale, before mentioned, shall .show the date
tiiereof, the namoo? tho seller, the lanount nf tlic
Side or conti act, a ul the matter or thing to whic.i it
refcis. And any pia>on or persons liable to pay t He
tax as herein provided, or anyoncwl'o uccs in the
matter a« agent, or brokerfor such person or person?,
who "-hall make anv such >alo or contract, or who
shall, in pursuance of any saJc or coutni.ct, deliver
or receive anv sto'dc1*, boml-, hu'hon, coin, uiicur-
rcnt money, foreign exeluun'.e, promissory notes,
orotiicr sccuritie^, without a bill or memorandum
theieof, hen hi 1 e-juifed, or who shall deliver <>r
recet\e stall bill or meuiorandam v,ilhout having
the [iroi'cr d.imp.^ afhxcd thereto, sbaU^loifeit and
l>;iv to the United 8iat<s a. penalty ol ^oPO tur c,.eh
and every ohen-o wln-ro the t.-lX so e\-r.ded. or at-
tempted to be evaded, do'-< not exceed ^lUO.ai.d a.
penalty o( ■-1,0'- 0 wnen such tax sliall exceed
wlmli in v b > reco\ cred with ot suit in any
court ot flie trm',ed Hmtesofeompctcnt juiisdict'on,
j'_t anv time within one > ear aftcrthc liability to su.'h
}>enaltv shall h'lve been incurred; and tho penally
iecover<d shall be awarded and di^ributcd^by tao
court betweca the United Htatesand the informer,
it there be anv, as pi o\ uled bj' law, who, in tnojtid'r-
to< nt of rh- < ourt, sbrdl havefivft given the informa-
tion of the \ "h:timi oi the law for which the rc-ovi j,v
ishad: ided% That where it shall appear that tho
omi^'-ion to aHi\ the proper stamp was not with i«-
t ot to evade rhe i>,  visions of thi> section, said pen-
nltvs'lmit not be memr'-d. And the provisions ot
law in ich'fion to stamp duties in M-hedulo U of iho
a>-1 to which t'li-- is tin amendment, shall apply to the
stamp taxes herein imposed ujn.n sales and eonti'ju-fs
of sales made hy broxors. b.-nhs or ban tiers, and
otheis as afores-'-d. '\.id ther<. shall bo pafd on ail
sales by commercial biok'-rs of anv coods, wares, or
merchandise, a tax ot one twentii th of one per cent,
lipon the junourt of Mich sales; and nu or hcfoie the
10th day of each month e\ c y commercial broke r-h:di
make a list or rUum to the a —is taut a^csjor ot the
di.-tnctol i he gio.-c it mount of such sales, as a foresaid,
tor the pi-f*ccdm<? montii, w,!!; il\e amount ot trx
which ha- accrued or iha'l 11ue thereon, in foim
and manii'U a- ;n,<\ be oie-cri'H'd by the Cor.aiji.v
sioner of.itiCi i im1. 1' e\ev i:e, ;■ nd p : \ lofhccoll c!or
fh" ;*Tnoi'nt o< lex 1 "itet. bjiore file cad oi tha
niontti: Tl, v i i <•-. "]r.-
iv'aie , ,itid aici .'nttidi.P.r t o" jnup"-c-- of *hi-
