1S66.
THE CONGrRESSIONAL GLOBS.
splendid material from which it is in our power
now to select. I think there is not a man who
has won distinction in the Army but is now
appealing to Congress that lie may be taken
care of in the proposed reorganization. "The
men who have never won distinction in the
field of course have long since retired into civil
life. I hope this bill may go to the table until
we compel this Congress to do justice by the
soldier and give us such an Army as we ought
to have.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to lay on the table was
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
navigation of newark bay, etc.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to appoint a suitable officer, whose duty it
shall be to proceed to Newark, in the State of New
Jersey, and examine into the condition of the navi-
gation of Newark bay and the navigation of the
mouths of the Passaic and Hackensack rivers, and
whether the same needs improvement, and roport
the result of such examination to this House on the
first Monday in December next.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended, and the resolution
was accordingly received.
The House divided on the adoption of the
resolution ; and there wore—ayes 46, noes 46.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
clerk to committee on commerce, etc.
Mr. BROOMALIj. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, That the compensation of the clerk of
the Committee on Commerce be lixed at the same
rate as that of the clcrk of the Committee on Public
Lands, to commence on the first day of the present
session of Congress, December 1,1865.
Mr. WARD. What is the amount?
Mr. BROOMALL. Eighteen hundred dol-
lars a year.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object, unless it
makes the compensation of the clerk to the
Judiciary Committee the same.
Mr. BROOMALL. T have 110 objection to
the amendment being considered as having
been offered. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS moved that the resolution, as
amended, be laid upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
52, noes 20.
Mr. BROOMALL demanded tellers.'
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Broomall
and Mr. Ross were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—-ayes 64, noes 34.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
mechanical establishments.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution concerning the
superintendence of the mechanical establish-
ments of the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. ANCONA. I suggest there will be no
objection if the joint resolution be raferred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. It is an
old question and is entitled to serious consid-
eration.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my motion and
move that the joint resolution lie referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The joint resolution was received, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY (at one o'clock and thirty-five
minutes a. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. If the House should ad-
journ without acting upon the reports of the
committees of conference on the Army bill and
the civil appropriation bills, those bills will
probably be lost.
Mr. KASSON. Allow me to say that we
have already agreed upon a report from one
of the conference committees ; it is now being
acted upon in the Senate, and will probably be
here in five minutes.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If we adjourn
to meet at ton o'clock will that enable us to
finish the business ?
The SPEAKER. If any one of the con-
ference reports should be voted down there
would hardly be time for another before the
time fixed for final adjournment.
wyandotte indians.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the Conynittee of
the Whole be discharged from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 432, for the relief
of the Wyandotte tribe of Indians.
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. ROSS. I move to suspend the rules.
The motion was disagreed to, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
columbia river and salt lake railroad.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. There is a bill
pending in the House (House bill No. 079) to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Columbia river to Salt
Lake. The member from Oregon [Mr. Hen-
derson] made a motion to reconsider the vote
by which it was recommitted. I now call up
that motion on his behalf/
The SPEAKER. This bill was recommitted
on the 19th of June to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and a motion to reconsider
was entered by the gentleman from Oiegon
[Mr. Henderson] the next day. Any gentle-
man can call it up.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Oregon requested me to take charge of
the bill and ask the attention of the House to
it at the earliest practicable moment. I move
that the rule be suspended which requires the
bill to be read.
The SPEAKER. It is rather a novel motion,
and yet that rule can be suspended by a two-
thirds vote.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rule, there were—ayes 69, noes 30.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the rule was suspended.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 70, noes 25.
clerk in the folding-room.
Mr. WINFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. 1 object.
Mr. WINFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of offering the following:
Resolved, That the compensation of T. SI. Kel-
linger, clerk in the folding-room, be made equal to
that of the book-keeper in the folding-room, to com-
mence with the present Congress, until otherwise
ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the rules are suspended
will the gentleman permit me to offer the fol-
lowing ?
Resohed, That the pages of this House be put on
the same footing as to compensation as members of
the Cabinet.
[Laughter. ]
The motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to, two thirds not voting in the affirm-
ative.
steamer kearsarge.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, asked unanimous consent to
consider a bill to compensate the officers ani
crew of the United States steamer Kearsarge
for the destruction of the rebel piratical vessel
Alabama.
Several Members objected.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to suspend
the rules.
The motion was disagreed to; two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
mineral waters in district of columbia.
Mr. McCULLOUGH, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, moved to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of taking up Sen-
ate bill No. 265, to protect the manufacture of
mineral waters in the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes.
Mr. DRIGGS. That is to protect a trade-
mark, and I hope it will pass.
The motion to suspend the rules was dis-
agreed to—ayes 45, noes 49.
soldiers' income tax.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Military
Affairs, House joint resolution No. 155, to
prevent the further enforcement of the joint
resolution No. 77, approved July 4, 1864,
against officers and soldiers of the United
States, who have been honorably discharged,
so as to relieve them from the further payment
of a special five per cent, income tax imposed
thereby.
No objection being made the bill was taken
up and read.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the previous
question.
The gjevious question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. ANCONxl moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced to the House that
the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 791,
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending June 30,
1866, and for other purposes.
enrolled bills and resolutions signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 780) to protect the rev-
enue, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 667) to prevent officers
of the Navy from being deprived of their reg-
ular promotion on account of wounds received
in battle, and for other purposes; ,
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 150) to pro-
vide for the payment of the claim of Colonel
H. C. De Ahna for military service ;
An act (II. R. No. 32) to extend the juris-
diction of commissioners of the circuit court
of the United States ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 200) ^"Jkor-
izing the Secretary of War to settle with the
Territory of Colorado for the militia of said
Territory employed in the service of the Uni-
ted States in the years 1864 and 1865;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 194) author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to pay
Charles M. Pott a pension of fifteen dollars
per month;
