2358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
their not having been actually mustered into
the service of the United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this amendment
embodies substantially the same thing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following order,
and ask for its present consideration:
Ordered, That the Secretary bo directed to r'cquest
the House of Representatives to return to the Senate
the bill (II. R. No. 280) making appropria tions tor the
' servicc of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year endmg June 30, 1867, and for other purposes,
which passed the Senate with amendments, and was
sent to the IIouso of Representatives for its concur-
rence in tho said amendments.
There being no objection, thg Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the order.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the object of it?
Mr. POLAND. To reconsider the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Such an order, I believe,
is always agreed to, as a matter of course, so
as to allow a Senator to exercise his privilege
of moving a reconsideration.
Mr. SUMNER. Might we not meet the
question now?
Mi\ SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
meet it to-day if the bill comes back at once.
Mr. SUMNER. Might we not meet it now
on this motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not; that is un-
usu:l 1. ^ If the Senator should move a recon-
sideration, I should like to have it disposed of
to-day.
Mr. SUMNJiR. I only make the suggestion
with a view lo the economy of time, that we
should not call the bill back needlessly. If on
this proposition the Senator from Vermont will
state tho grounds on which he desires a recon-
sideration, we might then act on his proposi-
tion, and practically pass upon the question of
reconsideration.
Mr. MORRILL. But in the mean time they
might act upon the bill in the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. POLAND. 1 supposed that this motion
was always agreed to as a matter of eoursc.
Mr. .JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Vermont might lose the privilege which
our rules give him of moving to reconsider
unless we gel the bill back speedily. The
House may pass upon it, and there would be
an end of it.
Mr. POLAND. _ I am not very familiar with
the course of business in the Senate, but I
understood that a resolution of this sort .was
always passed as a matter of course prior to
a reconsideration.
The order was adopted.
. "^r'. ^HERMAN. The motion to recon-
sider, it entered at all, must be entered to-day
under the rules.
_ Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont
did not state the grounds of his motion to recon-
sider, or does ho merely give notice of such a
motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) _No motion to reconsider can
be entered until the bill is returned from the
House: and debate is out of order.
Mr. POLAND. Isupposeditwasnotproper
to move to reconsider until the bill was returned.
I will then state the grounds on which I shall
make the motion.
JIUSSAGE FKOJI TIIB HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 15-5)
concerning the boundaries of the State of Ne-
vada, with an amendment; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message farther announced that the
House of Representatives had passed without
amendment the bill (S. No. 74) for the admis-
sion of the State of Colorado into the Union.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills and joint resolution; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 179) amendatory of the
organic act of Washington Territory ;
A bill (H. R. No. 202) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to provide a temporary govern-
ment for tho Territory of Montana," approved
May 26, 1864 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 32) to facilitate
communication with certain Territories.
boundaries of nevada.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 155) concerning the boundaries of
the State of Nevada, which has just been re-
turned from the House of Representatives with
an amendment, with a view of concurring in
that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear what
it is about.
Mr. NYE. It is a simple amendment added
by the House to our boundary bill, reserving
the rights of those who have located mines in
tho territory about to be incorporated into
Nevada.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider tho amendment of the
House of Representatives, which was to add
at the end of tho bill the following:
And provided furtlirr. That all possessory rights
acquired by citizens of tho United States to mining
claims, discovered, located, and originally recorded
in compliance with the rules and regulations adopted
by miners in the Pah Ranagator other mining dis-
tricts in tho Territory incorporated by the provis-
ionsof this act into the State of Nevada, shall remain
as validsubsisthigmining claims: butnothing herein
contained shall beso construed as granting a title in
fee to any mineral lands held by possessory titles in
the mining States and Territories.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
INTEIt-STATI! INTERCOURSE.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 11.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 11) to
facilitate commercial, postal, and military
communication among the several States.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall take
the liberty of detaining the Senate a few min-
utes in the consideration of this bill, and but
a few, for I see about me a disposition to come
to a final vote upon it as soon as practicable.
The bill provides—
That every railioad company in theUnited States,
whoso road is operated by steam, its successors and
assigns, be, and is hereby, authorized to carry upon
and over its road, connections, boats, bridges, and
ferries, all passengers, troops, Government supplies,
mails, freight, and property on their way from any
State to another State, and to reeeivo compensation
therefor, and to connect with roads of other States
so as to form continuous lines for the transportation
of the same to tho place of destination: Provided,
That this act shall not affect any stipulation between
tho Government of tho United States and any rail-
road company for transportation or fares without
compensation, nor impair or change tho conditions
imposed by the terms of any act granting lands to
any such company to aid in tho construction of its
road.
T thought, Mr. President, when I first read
this bill, that its provisions were so plain and
so evidently within the scope of the constitu-
tional powers of Congress that it would be
difficult for any gentleman, however ingenious,
to raise a doubt as to its constitutionality ; but
like many other bills which we have had under
consideration during the present Congress, as
well as in former Congresses, this has encoun-
tered a very earnest and obstinate resistance,
founded upon the idea that it is prohibited by
the Constitution; and the honorable Senator
from Maryland f Mr. Johnson] in very depre-
catory tones, and almost in accents of despair
at the prospect of its passing the Senate, says
to us that if we are thus to amend or endeavor
to amend from time to time the Constitution
of the United States, that if one Congress after
another may encroach upon its provisions, we
may as well have no Constitution. Undoubt-
edly, sir, the convictions of that honorable
Senator of the unconstitutionality of this meas-
ure are very deep and strong. I could wish
for the sake of the bill and the country that
we could have his full and free concurrence,
for I' know, and so does the country, that his
opinion upon so grave a question is entitled to
and receives very great respect. Still, sir,
after listening with much attention to his elo-
?uent and ingenious argument against tho bill,
have failed to be convinced by it of the un-
constitutionality of the measure. On the other
hand, I hold it to be strictly within the consti-
tutional power of Congress, and to be a very
expedient and necessary act for us to pass at
this time ; and I regret that so great a length
of time has passed without such a Federal
statute as this for the protection of the people
of the different States of the Union in their
commercial transactions.
The honorable' Senator from Maryland in-
forms us that this is an attempt to alter, to
modify, and even to enlarge a State charter,
and he accuses us of an attempt to override
the just and legitimate powers of the States in
reference to the creation of corporations for
commercial purposes. In order that 1 may do
him no injustice in this respect, I will take tho
liberty of reading from the Globe a single pas-
sage which states more clearly than I am able
to do his first ground of objection. He says:
" In the first place, what the bill does is to enlarge
a charter granted by a State; it is amendatory to a
State charter, It assumes, as vested in Congress,
thereforo, the power to take into its own hands tho
charters granted by the several States, and to modify
them just as they think proper, not only by extend-
ing the authority which the charter may grant, but
if, in the judgment of Congress, at any time hereaf-
ter, or now, any of tho restrictions in those charters
are calculated to interfere with commerce between
the States, or to impede the transportation of the
mails, they have the authority to repeal, practically,
any of tho limitations in the charter or any of tho
powers conferred upon the company by the charter."
Now, sir, with great deference to that opin-
ion, 1 insist that this bill does not assume to
alter or amend in any legal respect any charter
granted by a-State.
The honorable Senator observed further—■
and he will pardon me for saying that I think
in rather unguarded terms—that in enacting a
charter of incorporation, it is the right of every
State_ to annex to that charter such tetms and
conditions as the State pleases to annex; and
therefore it follows, according to him, that if,
for instance, the State of New Jersey shall
enact a charter which prohibits the carrying on
of "commerce among the States" by any per-
son or by corporation within the limits of that
State, inasmuch as this is a condition annexed
to the charter, Congress cannot interfere to
relieve the people of the other States who are
trading and trafficking through New Jersey from
the impediment thus created.
This appears to be the essence of his argu-
ment : that a State has a right to annex any
condition which it may see fit to its charters
of incorporation, and that it is out of the power
of Congress, by any act of theirs, to relieve the
community from such condition, however severe
and unjust it maybe in its effects upon the cit-
izens of other States. On that point I take issue
with the honorable Senator from Maryland.
Sir, a charter of incorporation for commercial
purposes, granted by the Legislature of a State
to private persons, has ever been held by the
Supreme Court of the United States to be a con-
tract—a contract inviolable on the part of the
State. It is, then, like any other contract or
compact between individuals ; the State being
the party of the first part, and the corporators,
after having accepted the charter, the parties
of the second part. In the present case, the
question is whether a State, by its legislation,
either in tho form of incorporating private com-
panies or otherwise, can take into its hands and
