1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2359
control a power which does not belong to the
State, but which belongs exclusively to Con-
gress under the Constitution.
I think the honorable Senator will concede
that if the matter of commerce, either foreign
or among the States, be one which belongs not
to the States at all but exclusively to Congress
under the Constitution; if a State charter as-
sumes in any way whatever to control, to bur-
den, to hinder, or to preventcommerceamong
the States or commerce with a foreign country ;
if it annexes such a condition as this which 1
have described to its charter of incorporation,
that condition is void in law, because the State
has no authority whatever to annex sucha con-
dition to its charter. That portion of the char-
ter, therefore, which assumes to control com-
merce among the States or commerce with a
foreign country is void in law for the want of
authority on the part of the State to exercise it.
It is simply an attempt to exercise a power and
authority on the part of the State Legislature
ultra vires—not within the scope of its power,
but belonging exclusively to the Congress of
the United States.
What, then, is the character of commerce
as defined by the Constitution, whether known
as foreign commerce or commerce among the
States, for in law there is no difference what-
ever? I assert that it has been held over and
over again by the highest judicial authorities
of the land that the power over coiumercc of
either kind pertains exclusively to Congress,
and does not belong at all to the States.
The Senate will pardon mo for refreshing
their recollection by certain references to ad-
' judged cases. As the Senator from Maryland
has indulged rather freely in such references
he certainly will pardon me for imitating his
example. I call his attention to certain pas-
sages which I will now read from what are
known as the "passenger cases," decided by
the Supreme Court of the United in 1848. I
read from the opinion given by J udge McLean
in those cases in which he groups together pre-
vious opinions. On page 125 of 17 Curtis's
Condensed Reports, Judge McLean quotes the
language of Chief Justice Marshall in Gibbons
vs. Ogden, where he says:
" The power over commerce with foreign nations
and among the several States is vested in Congress
as absolutely aa it would bo in a single government
having in its constitution the same restrictions," &c.
Again, he quotes from the same opinion of
Marshall:
«" "Where, then, each government exercises the power
of taxation, neither is exercising the power of the
other; but when a. State proceeds to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, or among the several
States, it is exercising the very power that is granted
to Congress, and is doing tho very thing which Con-
gress is authorized to do."
Again, says Judge McLean:
"And Mr. Justice Johnson, who gave a separate
opinion in the same case, observes: 'The power to
regulate commcreo hero meant to be granted, was
the power to regulate commerce which previously
existed in the States.' And again: 'The power to-
regulate commerce is necessarily exclusive.'
"In Brown t . The State of Maryland, 12 Wheat.,
446, the court say: 'It is not, therefore, matter of sur-
prise that.the grant ol commercial power should be
as extensive as,tlie rai3chicf, and should comprehend
all foreign commerce and all commerce among the
States.' This question, they remark, 'was considered
in the ease of Gibbons vs. Ogden, in which it was de-
clared to be complete in itself, and to-acknowledge
no limitations.' And Mr. Justice Baldwin,in thecase
of Groves m. Slaughter, 15 Peters, 511, says: 'That the
power of Congress to regulate commerce among tho
several State? is exclusive of any interference by the
States, has been, in my opinion, conclusively settled
bythe solemn opinions ofthis court,'in the two eases
above cited. And he observes: 'If these decisions
are not to be taken as the established construction of
this clause of the Constitution, I know of none wliieh
aro not yet open to doubt.'
"Mr. Justice Story, in the case of New York vs.
Miln, 11 Pet., 158, in speaking of the doctrine of con-
current power in the States to regulate commerce,
says, that' in the case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, it was
deliberately examined and deemed inadmissible by
tho court. Mr. Chief Justice Marshall, with his
accustomed accuracy and fullness of illustration, re-
viewed at that time the whole ground of the contro-
versy ; and from that time to the present the question
has been considered, so far as I know, at rest. The
power given to Congress to regulate commerce with
foreign nations and among the States, has been
deemed exclusive from the nature and objects of the
power, and the necessary implications growing out
of its exercise."'
At page 147 of the same volume will be
found this passage from the opinion of Mr.
Justice Wayne, in the passenger cases:
"Keeping, then, in mind what commerce is, and
how far a nation may legally limit her own commer-
cial transactions with another State, we cannot be
at a loss to determine, from tho subject-matter of the
clause in the Constitution, that the meaning of the
terms used in it is t,o exeludethe States from regulat-
ing commerce in any way, except their own inter-
nal trade, and to confide its legislative regulation
completely and entirely to Congress. 'When I say
completely and entirely to Congress, I mean all that
can be included in the term " commerce among the
several States,' subject, of course, to tho right of
the States to pass inspection laws in the mode pre-
scribed by the Constitution, to the prohibition of
any duty upon exports, either from one State to
another State, or to foreign countries, and to that
commercial uniformity which the Constitution en-
joins respecting all that relates to tho introduction
of merchandise into the United States, and those
who may bring it for sale, whether they are citizens
or foreigners, and ail that concerns navigation,
whether vessels are employed in the transportation
of passengers or freight, or both: including also, all
the regulations which the necessities and safety of
navigation may require."
I read, also, upon the subject of the exclusive
character of the commercial power in the Con-
stitution, from the second volume of Story's
Commentaries, sections 1062 and 1063:
"In short, in a practical view, it is impossible to
separate the regulation of foreign commerce and do'-
mestio commerce among the States from each other.
The same public policy applies to each; and not a
reason can be assigned for confiding the power over
the one which does not conduce to establish the pro-
priety of conceding tho power over the other. Tho
next inquiry is whether this power to regulate com-
merce is exclusive of the same power in tho States
or is concurrent with it."
Upon this subject I desire the attention of
Senators. It is sometimes said that there is
a commercial power in the States connected
either with foreign commerce or with com-
merce among the States, which is to be re-
garded as concurrent with the power of the
General Government over the same subject-
matter. I wish to make myself understood on
this point. The principle is, that the com-
mercial power as granted in the Constitution
is not even-concurrent in any form or degree
with the power of the States, but that it is
absolutely exclusive in all cases.
Mr. MORRILL. While the Senator is upon
that point, I will ask him if he recognizes the
principle in the Delaware case, the case of
Wilson vs. The Blackbird Creek Company,
where the court settled that the power might
be exercised by the States if jurisdiction had
not been taken by the United States, and that
to that extent it was concurrent.
Mr, HOWARD. It is some time since I
examined the Blackbird creek case to which
the Senator from Maine alludes; but I think
upon a careful perusal and consideration of that
case ho will find that no such conclusion can
be drawn from the rulings of the cou/t. If the
Senator will have the goodness to look at the
comments upon the rulings in the Blackbird
creek case, to be found in the passenger cases,
he will discover that the Supreme Court in the
latter cases did not so construe them. There
were some peculiar circumstances connected
with the Blackbird creek case which have no
real relation to the question now under con-
sideration.
Mr. MORRILL. As the Senator says the
facts are not fresh in his recollection, he will
allow me to state that that was a case of navi-
gable waters open to the sea in the State of
Delaware. The State of Delaware, through
her Legislature, had exercised the right of dam-
ming that creek, and that raised the question
of jurisdiction. The Supreme Court held that
although it was navigable water and open to
the sea, and undoubtedly on general principles
would be within the jurisdiction of the United
States, still as the United States had not exer-
cised authority over it, the State might not
improperly exercise such authority, and her
authority would be good and' valid until the
United States did intervene.. I think I recol-
lect distinctly the case.
Mr. HOWARD. But I think the Senator
wiil find that in the same decision the court
recognized the principle that the State of Del-
aware could not obstruct the navigation of that
creek by any structure that she might make.
I do not remember particularly about that, but
I think the Senator will discover that his Black-
bird creek case has very little relation to the
question now before us.
In commenting upon the commercial power,
Judge Story remarks in his Commentaries,,
section 1063:
"The noxtinquiry is, whether this power to regu-
late commerce is exclusive of the same power in the
States or is concurrent with it. It has been settled
upon the most solemn deliberation that tho power is
exclusive in tho Government of tho United States.
The reasoning upon which this doctrine is founded is
to the following effect: tho power to regulate com-
merce is general and unlimited in its terms. The full
power to regulate a particular subject implies the
whole power, and leaves no residuum. A grant of
the whole is incompatible with the existence of a
right in another to any part of it. A grant of apower
to regulate necessarily excludes tho action of all
others, who would perform tho same operation on tho
same thing. Regulation is designod to indicate the
entire result applying to those parts which remain as
they were, as well as to those which arc altered. Xt
produces a uniform whole, which is as much disturbed
and deranged by changing what.tlie regulating power
designs to nave unbounded as that on whioh it has
operated."
Now, sir, if such be the character of the
commercial power as conferred upon Congress
by the Constitution, if it be in reality an ex-
clusive power, as it has been decided to be by
the Supreme Court in numerous instances, it
was given to Congress for some beneficial pur-
pose. and given with the intent that Congress,
on all proper occasions, .should exercise it. If
it be given thus exclusively, and if the whole
of it has been given, as Mr. Justice Story ar-
gues that it has been, I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland, and the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, who takes the same ground
in opposition to this bill, upon what principle
is it that a State can legislate at all upon
the subject of foreign commerce or commerce
among the States. Where is the basis of any
such legislation? The courts say the State
is divested completely of its power over the
subject-matter known as commerce, in all its
parts, and that commerce is a unit, and per-
tains as such exclusively to Congress.
Can a State, then, insert, as one of the con-
ditions of its charter, that the company or the
private person to whom the charter relates, or
to whom the license may be given, shall not
engage in the business of commerce among
the various States? Can a charter be pre-
dicated upon such a condition ? The condition
itself is not one which it is competent for the
State Legislature to impose. It rests upon an
assumption of authority which has been taken
away—conceded away to the Congress by the
will of the American people.
I need not say to the honorable Senator from
Maryland that a condition inserted in any con-
tract which in itself is unlawful, or whioh it is
incompetent for the parties to it to agree to, is
of itself void and inoperative, and if it affects the
whole instrument, if no part of the instrument
can be carried out according to the intention
of'the parties without giving effect to this par-
ticular clause, the whole instrument falls to tho
ground ; but if portions of the instrument can
be maintained, and the infected portion, which
is void as against law or for want of authority
can be separated from the rest, then courts of
law uphold the agreement between the parties
pro tanio.
Now, I insist, sir, that a State charter can-
not impose conditions upon a company that
shall prevent, burden, or obstruct commerce,
because the power to regulate commerce is
granted exclusively to Congress, and therefore
such a condition is void. Sir, suppose a State
should assume to incorporate a company, and
one of the conditions of the charter should be
that neither the company nor any stockholder
of the company should be engaged in foreign
commerce: that the company should not be
engaged in commerce with Canada or with any
portion of the British possessions, will the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland contend that
such a condition would be valid; that any force
could be given to it, or that it would reccive
any attention at the hands of a court of justice?
