1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3319
or draft, or represented by certificates of deposit or
otherwise, whether payable on demand or at some
future day, with any person, bank, association, com-
pany, or corporation engaged in the business ofbunk-
mg; and a tax of one twenty-fourth of one per cent,
each month, as aforesaid, upon the capital of any
bank, association, company, or corporation, and on
the capital employed by any person in the business
of banking beyond the average amount invested in
United States bonds; and a tax of one twelfth of one
per cent, each month upon the average amount of
circulation issued by any bank, association, corpora-
tion, company, or person, including as circulation all
certified checks and all notes and other obligations
calculated or intended to circulate or to be used as
money, but not including that in thevardt of the
bank, or redeemed and oil deposit for said bank; and
an additional tax of one sixth of one per cent, each
month, upon the averago amount of such circulation,
issued ns aforesaid, beyond the amount of ninety per
cent, of the capital of any such bank, association, cor-
poration, company, or person. And on the first Mon-
day of each month a true and accurate return of the
amount of circulation, of deposit, and of capital, as
aforesaid, and of the amount of notes of State banks
or State banking associations paid out by them for the
previous month, shall be made and rendered in dupli-
cate by each of such banks, associations, corporations,
companies, or person* to Lho assessor of the district
in winch any such bank, association. corporation, or
company may be located, or in which such person
may reside, with a declaration annexed thereto, and
the oath or atlirmation of such person, or of lho
president or cashier of such bank, association, cor-
poration, or company, in such form and manner as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, that the same contains a true and faithiul
statement of the amounts subjcct to tax as aforesaid,
and shall transmit the duplicate of said return to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and within
twenty days thereafter shall pay to the said Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue the taxes by law pre-
sciibed upon the said amounts of circulation, of
deposits, of capital, and of notes of Statebanks and
banking associations paid out as aforesaid: and for
any rclusal or neglect to make or to render such
return and payment as aforesaid, any siu-h bank,
association, corporation, company, or person so m
default, shall be subject to and pay a penalty ol $2UU,
betides the additional penally and forfeiture^ in ot her
cases provided by law; and the amount of ci)dila-
tion, deposit, capital, and notes of State banks and
banking associations paid out, as aforesaid, in de-
fault ol the proper return, shall be estimated by the
assessor or assistant assessor of the district as afore-
said, upon the best information he can obtain; and
everv Mich penalty may be i ecovercd for the use of
the United States in any court, of competent juris-
diction. And 111 the case ot banks with branches,
the tax. herein provided for shall be imposed upon
the circulation of each branch, severally, and the
amount.of capitalof each branchshaU be considered
to be the amount allotted to such branch; and so
much ot an act entitled " An aet to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government," approved
March lyti-i, as imposes any tax on banks, their
circulation, capital, or deposits, other than is herein
provided, hereby repealed: Provided, That this
section shall not apply to associations which are
taxed under and by virtue of the act " to provide a
national emrenoy seemed by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof." And the deposits in associa-
tions or companies known as piovident, institutions,
savings banks, savings funds, or savings iir-litu-
lions, ha\ing 110 capital stock and doing no other
business than receiving deposits to he loaned or in-
vested loi the sole benefit of the parties making sueh
deposits, without piolit or compensation to the asso-
ciation or company, shall be exempt from tax or
duty on so much of their deposits as Ihcyh.uu in-
vested in secmitics of the United States, and on all
deposits less than V'OU made in the name of any one
person ; and the returrisrcfjuired to bo made by such
piovident institutions and savings banks after July,
1860, shall lie made oil the fir-t Alondav of J anuary
and July ot each year, in such form and manner as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue : And 2 ''>vtded further, That any bank cens-
ing to issue notes for circulation, and which shall
deposit in the Treasury ot the United States, in law-
ful moiie> , the amount of its outstanding circulation,
to be redeemed at par, under such 1 emulations as the
Sccretarv of the Treasury may prescribe, shall be
exempt from any tax upon such circulation.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by striking out the words
u on the first Monday of each month," after
the word u and" in line twenty-eight hundred
and sixtv-two.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be agreed to unless there be objec-
tion. The Chair hears none.
The next amendment proposed by the com-
mittee was in line twenty-eight hundred and
sixty-five, after the word "aforesaid," to strike
out:
And of the amount of notes of State banks or State
banking associations paid out by them for the pre-
vious month.
And in line twenty-eight hundred and sixty-
seven, after ''rendered." to strike out 44 in
duplicate" and to insert '"monthly," so as to
read ;
And a true and accurate return of the amount of
circulation, of deposit, and of capital, as aforesaid,
shall bo made and rendered monthly by each of such
banks, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line twenty-eight hundred and seventy-one,
after "person," to strike out u may reside"
and insert "has his place of business."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee next proposed after the word
" aforesaid," in line twenty-eight hundred and
seventy-seven, to strike out these words:
And shall transmit the duplicate of said return to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and within
twenty days thercaftershall pay to the said Commis-
sioner of Internal Ilevomio the taxes by Jaw pre-
scribed upon the said amounts of circulation, of de-
posits, of capital, and of notes of State banks and
banking associations paid out as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee next proposed, in line twenty-
eight hundred and ninety, to insert between
the wouls ''deposit'1 and "capital" the word
"and;" and after " capital" to strike out " and
notes of State banks and banking associations
paid out."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The committee next proposed to strike out,
in line twenty-eight hundred and ninety-seven,
after the words "shall be" the word "im-
posed" and to insert "assessed" in lieu of if.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made unless there be objection.
The Chair hears none.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. F move to strike out
the words " or duly': alter " tax/' in line twenty-
nine hundred and sixteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance further proposed
to sli ike out after the words Internal Reve-
nue," m line twenty-nine hundred and twenty-
four, the following proviso:
sln<i provi<lc<{ fmthcr, Thai anv bank ceasing to
issue notes lor ciu-ulalion, and which shall deposit
in tile Troiismy of the United Stairs m lawful niomn
the amount of its outstanding circulation, to bo re-
deemed at par under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury mayjirescube, bind! bo exempt
from any fax upon such circulation.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Provided fttrth'y, That whenever anv State bank
or banking assoc iat ion has been or shall h<> com crted
into a national banking association, oi has ceased tn
do its usii.d banking busine-.s, including the making
of loans and the i oceu her of deposits, I here shall he
asses-ed and collet ted in addition \ <> t he ta \-e-= aiivadv
imposed a tax oi one l'ouith ot one per < cut. each
month upon the average annum I of the circulation
outstanding of any such State bank or State hank in',"
association.
Mr. EDMUNDS. X move to amend the
amendment of the committee by inserting at
the end of it those words:
Issued or by any act of such bank kept in circula-
tion after .July 1, ISoo.
The object of this amendment., I am sure,
will commend itself to the ,aood souse of the
committee ; and that is. not to impose (his ad-
| ditional tax, which is real!}' in the nature of a
1 penalty, to compel these banks to get in their
| old circulation where, without any fault of
j theirs, it is impossible for them to do it, and
| while your law allows the State banks to go on
j another year. To illustrate : there were two
| ways in which the national banking system was
I put in operation: one was by independent or-
ganizations, and the other wns by a vote ol the
stockholders of some oldbank agreeing to turn
over that corporation mlo the national system.
It has been pursued in both of these ways in
the State of Vermont. Some banks would,
among themselves, got up an independent na-
tional organization, while at the same lime they
kept their old State bank miming. Under their
independent oiganization they got circulation
to the amount of ninety per cent, of their new
capital, and under their old organization they
continued to issue double the amount of their
State capital as circulation. Other banks, like
many of those in the State of Vermont, and
with the business of some of which 1 am ac-
quainted, voted under the aet of Congress to
turn their banks into national banks. Under
the regulations, and the proper regulations, of
the Treasury, such banks as those which turned
over their corporations are only allowed to have
ninety per cent, of their capital in circulation,
old and new, all together. A bank fit Burling-
ton, Vermont, for instance, about whose affairs
I have some knowledge, with a capital of
S300,000, has now outstanding more than
$40,000 of its old circulation, although it has
not issued a dollar for nearly a year, and it
only gets the balance of the $270,000 or its
ninety per cent, in national currency. The
Comptroller will not give it to them, and right-
fully. The consequence is that they only have
ninety per cent, in the whole. They cannot
get in the old circulation. If, when it docs
come in, they were to issue it again, then they
ought to pay the ten por cent, tax ; but inas-
much as it continues to be outstanding, without
being issued by them, I think it just that this
additional penalty should not be imposed while
they still keep within the limit of ninety per
cent. That is Ihe object of my amendment.
Mr. FESSENDKN. I am afraid the prop-
osition would open the door to prevent the ac-
complishment of the purpose we have in view.
Some State banks instead of being converted
into national banks formed a new national bank
as apparently a separate organization, and kept
up their old organization, doing business at the
same place and in the same banking-house;
and having got the full amount of their national
[ circulation they-continued to issue their old
State circulation. There seemed to be 110 way
of preventing it. Thus ihey have got both the
old and the new cncuhition. The object of
this clause, as leported by the committee, is to
check that. 1 am afraid that if we ifcdopt the
amendment, which the Senator from Vermont
proposes there will l>e a constant effort to keep
the old circulation out, and that they will never
get it in. Our objeet was to compel them to
get in their old circulation, and certainly to
prevent, them from reissuing it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. J entirely agree with the
object the committee had in view. Jt is right;
but in their desire to guard against the undue
action of the old Slate banks where they have
taken advantage of the opportunity <0 keep out
a. double circulation, they ought not to do in-
justice to (ho.-e banks which have conformed
to the very spirit oi the law by turning them-
.-eh es bodily o\ or.
1 think my amendment is not open to the
objection of my learned fiiend, for the reason
that it, is specilieally eonlined and compels the
keeping in of any cui reney which is got in up
to and after the i,->t of July, and it. applies the
amendment which the committee have recom-
mended to issues affer.tho 1st of Jul\r and not
to tiie old issues. The conso'juencc is, that if
any of these State banks reissue their bills,
or. as my amendment proposes, by any act
of tlmiis of any description are instrumental
in heepuiLr their old circulation out, then this
penalty is imposed. U is ecrtainlv unjust to
linpoM* it upon a bank which in good faith has
conformed to the law and whose circulation,
edd and now, is within the ninety per cent,
.limit, and who are unable to get all of their
ninety per cent, in new circulation for the rca-
I1 son that their old does notcome back to them,
; they being banks of <jood credit, and their cur-
' reney being wanted in that community.
! 1 think the proposifhm which I make will
entirely guard against the wrongful practice
'of the old banks which is charged against
■i them, becauv* it, do« s not allow them to issue
' any euirem-v utter the l.<i of.Julj ; it docs not
alhnv them to do anv act for the purpose of
,■ kcepin- it. 111 circulation atVr the 1st of July;
1 and that m the very form of the amendment:
■i "issued or hy any act of such batik kept in
i! circulation after the 1st of July." It is SO just
]i to the i>reat, majority of those bank's who have
!' fairly and honestly conformed to the spirit of
\ the national currency law. tint J think that on
' account of the fear of t'rai 3. *<nd evasion we
ou^bt not to fail to do them justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. T hope the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont will not be in-
serted because it will surely defeat the purpose
