1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rebellion, let this extraordinary remedy be ap-
plied ; where a State lias not been in rebellion,
but has remained loyal to the Union and loyal
to her allegiance to it, it is most extraordinary
that this exterior or outside jurisdiction should
be introduced for any purpose at all. It is a
reflection on those States that they will not do
justice to those who seek a refuge within their
borders, and I repel, and desire to repel, any
imputation of that hind from the State in which
I reside. I am proud to say that, no matter who
comes there, no matter what may be his color,
his complexion, or his creed, ho is there pro-
tected upon the same footing precisely as all
her people are; and I may say, sir, that in her
courts the negro obtains perhaps a fuller and
more ample share of justice, on account of his
weakness, than he would do were he a white
man. Certainly nobody has ever complained
that a full and exact measure of justice has not
been meted out to him there in all our courts.
I am loth, therefore, that anything of this kind
should be enacted into a law by this Congress.
If the bill in its provisions was made to operate
where the necessity, or the alleged necessity,
for it is said to exist, of course I have no ob-
jection j but I do object to extending it to the
loyal States of the North.
_ Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I should
like to know the peculiar reasons why this bill
is to be extended to the State of Kentucky. She
has never been in rebellion. Though she has
been overrun by rebel armies, and her fields
laid waste, she has always had her fall quota in
the Union armies, and the blood of her sons
has marked the fields whereon they have fought.
Kentucky does not want and does not ask this
relief. The freedmen in Kentucky are a part
of our poi)ulation; and where the old and lame
and halt and blind and infants require care and
attention they obtain it from the counties. Our
whole organization for the support of the poor,
through the agencies of the magistrates in the
several counties, is complete.
Sir, I did hope that ere this we should have
admitted the representatives of the ten States
in the South who have organized governments,
who are legislating for and taking care of their
local concerns, and that we should have allowed
them to take care of the freedmen in their re-
spective States. They can do it far cheaper than
wc can. It is said that there are three million
five hundred thousand blacks in the South who
have been freed by the amendment of the Con-
stitution and your previous action. If there bo
that many, there cannot bo less than five hun-
dred thousand, or one in seven, who will require
the aid and support of the respective States,
because they arc not in a condition to support
themselves, even if they were able and willing
to work. The expense of supporting such a
population at the lowest calculation would be
fifty dollars a head, or $25,000,000 in addition
to the expenditure provided for in the bill, which
it was shown yesterday amounted to about twelve
million dollars a year; and then the result of it
will simply be to encourage the negroes to look
to the Government for rations and keep them
from working. It is providing for a lazzaroni
throughout the States to which you apply it. I
do not want it applied to Kentucky. Wo prefer
to take care of our own poor, even of the African
race. We have always treated them well. I
have asked a very able lawyer with whom I have
corresponded to give me a state ment of the rights
of freedmen in Kentucky under our laws as they
stand—and they have not been changed in this
respect since the constitutional amendment—■
and lie says:
"At present there are but few differences in civil
ri^ht between free negroes and white?. In all the
rights of marriage, person, and property, they are
identical. The same laws govern their marriages,
their wills, their acquisitions of allkinds of property,
and their disposition and transmission of it, their
rights of suing on contracts for iniuries to pcrson and
property, and their mode of trial in penal and crimi-
nal prosecutions. By those laws, freedmen, that is
the whole neyro or eolorcd population, arc now gov-
erned.''
They have all these rights—the right to sue
and be sued, the right to contract and be con-
tracted with, the same right to purchase and
hold property and transmit it by will or descent,
the same rights of marriage, as white people.
There is some little modification in the existing
laws which our friends in the Legislature are
endeavoring to procure; but generally the free
negroes have the same rights of person andprop-
erty as white persons.
1 do not understand the amendment of. the
Constitution abolishing slavery as some gentle-
men do. I believe its effect is to work the com-
plete freedom of every individual, and to break
down every provision in the Constitution and
laws of the United States and of the several
States which prevents the enjoj'ment of that
freedom. In Kentucky, those who were for-
merly slaves are now free. They have the same
rights that any other freedmen have there, and
my word for it, Kentucky will make it all right,
because she has been among the most liberal
States in granting rights and privileges to her
freedmen.
We have had the benefit of the Freedmen's
Bureau in Kentucky, although we were not in-
cluded in the provisions of the law creating the
bureau. It seems we are entitled to the benefit
of the invasion of the enemy, because they un-
dertook to conquer Kentucky, as they intended
to conquer Missouri, as part of the southern
domain. They sent their armies there for the
purpose, and after we had driven them back
the deserters from both armies united and rav-
aged Kentucky by a guerrilla warfare that was
exceedingly onerous to the people and very de-
structive to our interests. Is it because Ken-
tucky has stood by the Union during the strife,
is it because she has been desolated as she has
been in this contest, that the Preedmen's Bu-
reau is to be extended to her? It cannot be
proposed as a measure of economy. The great
measure of economy would have been to admit
the States, and let each State take care of its
own population. It must come to that, or this
is a despotism for all time to-come. We can-
not have two systems of laws operating in one
community, one portion of them governed by
Congress and the other by the State Legisla-
ture.
There was a time when I looked upon the
Constitution of the United States as the wisest
system of government that had ever been de-
vised in the history of time. Looking at it, I
saw that thirteen States, each with a local gov-
ernment, had made a national Government by
divesting themselves of certain powers and
giving them to that national Govermnont and
making its laws the supreme law of the land over
the constitutions and laws of the States; and a
Government thus devised ought to endure for-
ever. Under the system any legislation of Con-
gress or a State in violation of the provisions
of the Federal Constitution was void, and time
and timo again before the judicial tribunal of
the Government, the United States Supreme
Court, laws of Congress have fallen as void, and
so have enactments of the States. It was a
system to preserve itself in purity and perpe-
tuity by conforming to its provisions. Any at-
tempt of the State at insurrection was a viola-
tion of the Constitution.
I shall not attempt to go over the ground
which was so ably argued by the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] or the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Nes.mtth.] It is a plain, consti-
tutional principle that every act of legislation
and everything done in violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States is void. We have a
right to suppress insurrection. If there is a
combination of States against the Union, that
combination is void as in violation of the Con-
stitution. When wo suppress a rebellion we
have not conquered the States, but we have
conquered the rebellion. Wre have brought the
States back into the Union, and it is not in the
power of Congress, with all its legislative author-
ity, with all the stretch of power made during
the war under extraordinary circumstances—it
is not in the power of Congress without viola-
ting the Constitution to exclude the States, and
such an act would be held void by any judicial
tribunal imbued with the principles of the Con-
stitution and understanding its provisions.
Therefore, when the rebellion was suppressed,
when the- foe laid down their arms, tae States
were still States of the Union, but without'or-
ganized State governments. It was the duty
of the President—a duty with which he -wp,s
charged and which he was solemnly sworn t®
execute—to preserve the Government; The
Constitution makes it his duty to see that the
laws are executed. The Constitution of-the
United States, the laws made in pursuance of
it, and the treaties made under its authority'
are the supreme law of the land, anything m
the constitution or laws of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding. It was the duty of
the President to treat all State laws or acts of
State conventions or combinations of States in
resistance to the just authority of the Govern-
ment as null and void under the Constitution.
It is made his business to see that the laws be
executed. It was his duty to encourage these
people to come back into the Union. I think
it was in the perfect line of Jiis duty, either as
Commander-m-Chieforas chief executive officer
of the United States, to bring them back. I do
not think he had any authority to command
them to do this thing, or to do that, but it was
his duty to advise them, and I do not quarrel
with him because he advised them to accept
the results of the war, for from the feelings I
see here manifested, when what they have done
according to his advice is not sufficient, if they
had not done what they have, God knows what
organization would have been proposed for
them and what armies we should have sent out
against them.
I do not understand gentlemen when they say
that the war continues. For more than nine
months there has not been a soldier in the field
against us. During that period of time there
has been no organization in hostility to the
Government, and there has been no one incit-
ing to treason or raising troops to resist the
United States. The President, in May last, is-
sued his proclamation of amnesty. What did
he do? Nations do not war against women and
children, the old and the imbecile. It was im-
possible to prosecute for treason the whole popu-
lation of the southern States. In his amnesty
proclamation the President remitted the per-
sonal penalties arising from treason and the con-
fiscation of property. To whom does the Presi-
dent extend this amnesty? He made certain
exceptions, the extent of which is variously es-
timated ; but no sensible man who has looked
at the subject that I have talked with ever con-
sidered the exceptions in the amnesty procla-
mation as extending to more than forty thousand
persons, and the larger portion of them come
under the $"20,000clause. Weknow, as amat-
ter of fact, that a large portion of the $20,000
exceptions are infants and widows and married
women, and that but a very small portion of the
active male population is affected by that ex-
ception. The President has granted some par-
dons, very much, as I gather from the tone and
remarks here, to the dissatisfaction of many
Senators on this floor. For myself I am only
sorry that he did not go further. There are now
probably thirty-five thousand people within the
United States excluded from the general par-
don ; and the war which gentlemen are contriv-
ing to carry on for the next five or ten years—
God only knows when it is to stop—is against
these thirty-five thousand people. All the rest
are pardoned, freed from the stain of rebellion
and the chances of confiscation.
When I came here T was in hopes, from what
I had seen of the manifestations of public senti-
ment, that these Stales would be at once re-
stored to the Union and admitted to participa-
tion in our councils, so that we might have the
aid and advantage of their experience. What
would have been the result? After admitting
them we should then have asked the President
to extend his amnesty, and to give back to
women and children their estates, so that we
might derive the revenue which would be the
result of setting the southern people at work,
and enabling them to make the South produc-
tive as ii had heretofote been. Does any one
suppose that all the property thus tied up, the
