4280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
Mr. BURLEIGH. But the Legislature has
already adopted the code.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object to the
introduction of this bill.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON WAR CLAIMS. .
On motion of Mr. DELANO, the Committee
of Claims were discharged from the farther
consideration of the memorial of citizens of
Washington Territoryin relation to Oregon and
Washington Territory war claims.
GEORGE- W. LANE.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief George W.
Lane; which was read a first and' second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to bo printed.
TIMOTHY MYDEN.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Timo-
thy Leyden; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
. on the Private Calendar, and ordered to be
printed.
JOHNSON A. DAWSON.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, also reported a bill for the relief of
Johnson A. Dawson, of Mount Sterling, Ken-
tucky ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
EDWARD BLANCIIARD.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, also reported a bill for the relief of
Edward Blanehard; which was read a fi rst and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar, and ordered
to be printed.
I1ENRY ItUDD.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Henry
Kndd, of Henry county, Iowa; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I make
the point of order that this is an appropria-
tion bill, and must go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. This is an appropriation
bill.
Mr. DELANO. I hope my friend from
Pennsylvania will withdraw that point. This
is a very meritorious claim.
Mr. BAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
waive the point for the present and permit the
bill to be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Secretary of tlie Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay to Henry Rudd, of Henry
county, Iowa, $9,150, in full for all losses and
compensation to him for horses purchased and
delivered under a contract with the Govern-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I insist
on my point of order. This is not the time to
pass bills for the relief of contractors.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar and or-
dered to bo printed.
NORMAN HALL.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back the bill (H. R. No.
480 j entitled "An act for the relief of Nor-
man Hall;" which was referred to the Com
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the Committee on Enrolled
Bills had examined and found truly enrolled
bills of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 43) to prescribe the mode of
settling the accounts of the clerk of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 353) for the relief of the
trustees and stewards of the Mission church
of the "Wyandotte Indians;
An act (S. No. 447) for the admission of the
State of Nebraska into the Union ; and
An act (S. No. 400) to fix the compensation
of certain collectors of customs, and for other
purposes.
GOLDSMITH BROTHERS.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Gold-
smith brothers; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ABBY GREEN.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 112) for the relief of Mrs. Abby Green ;
which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar, and ordered
to be printed.
PROPERTY FOR MILITARY PURPOSES.
Mr. DELAN.O, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back "a bill (II. R. No. 66G)
entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary of
War to purchase certain property for military
purposeswhich was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
SENATE DEBATES, FIRST CONGRESS.
Mr. HAYES, from the Committee on the
Library, submitted an adverse report upon a
resolution relative to purchasing copics of a
proposed publication of debates in the first
Senate of the United States, from a journal of
Hon. William Maclay; which was laid on the
table.
RAILROADS AND TELEGRAPHS IN KANSAS.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lauds, reported back the bill (S. No. 320)
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act for a grant of lands to the State of Kan-
sas, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraphs in
said State,' approved March 3, 1803;" which
was ordered to be laid upon the Speaker's
table till the next session.
UNITED STATES FENCING, ETC., COMPANY.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with an
amendment in the form of a substitute, a bill
(H. R. No. 735) entitled "An act to incorpo-
rate the United States Fencing, Ditching,
Draining, and Land-Reclaiming Company.
The bill was read.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes between the
two Houses on the civil appropriation bill.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEYENS submitted the following
privileged report;
The committed of conforenco on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 737) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government lor the year
ending June30,1867, and for other purposes, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of tho Senate
numbered 6, 7, 11, 12,13, 16,19, 32, 33, 48, 49, and 55,
and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 4,14,15,17,24, 25, 34, 35, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41,42,
43, and 44.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the eighth amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of tho
House to the ninth amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the twenty-sixth amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the thirtieth amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their amendment to
tho fifty-second amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
to the. fifty-tinvd amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tho same, with au amendment, as follows: at the
end of said amendment add thefollowing: "Andpro-
vided further, That the pay of the Speaker shall be
$8,000 per annum."
That the House recede fromso much of their amend-
ment to the twenty-second amendment of the Senate
as proposes to strike out the words following: "for
the continuation of tho work on the north portico of
the Patent Office building, $50,000;" and also recede
from so much Of their amendment to thetwcnty-cco-
ond amendment of the Senate as proposes to strike
out as follows: on page 7, lino eight, from the word
"for" down to and including tho word "dollars" in
line fourteen, with an amondmcntas follows: in said
last clauso strike out the words "one hundred" and
insert in lieu thereof the word "fifty," and the Sen-
ate agree to the s.une, and also to so much of the
amendment of the House to the said twenty-second
amendment as proposes to strike out ^.11 after the
word " dollars," in line two, on page 7, down to and
including tho word "necessary," in line eight on the
same page.
That tho House recede from its amendment to tho
Senate amendment numbered fifty-four, and agree
to the same, with an amendment as follows: in lino
two, after the word "clerks," insert "committee
clerks;" in linn three, after tho words "messengers
and," insert" ailin same line, after the word "Sen-
ate," inseit "and House of Representatives, and to
the Globe and official reporters of each House, and
the stenographer of the House, and to the Capitol
police, and the ttiri e superintendents of public gar-
dens and their clciks and assistants."
JOHN SHERMAN.
W. P. FHSSENDEft,
REVEltDY JOHNSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
TIIADDEUS STEVENS,
P.O. LE BLOND,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It will be observed
that my name is not attached to that report.
I declined to sign it, and I wish briefly to assign
the reasons why I refused to do so. In the
first place, the committee refused to agree to
any equalization of the bounties of tho sol-
diers ; and in the second place, it retained the
provision in relation to the increase of the pay
of Senators and members of the House of
llepresenlalivcs. I was opposed to'retaining
that provision and in favor of some arrange-
ment by which the bounty question should be
settled during this session of Congress. It
was for this reason J refused to sign the report,
and I hope that it will not be adopted.
Mr. STEYENS. I will be as brief as tho
gentleman from Iowa. The committee found
itself with a large bill embracing appropria-
tions for many millions. It was found from
tho unequivocal declarations of Senators, as
my friend will admit, that the Senate would
not possibly agree to any bounty bill. In this
tho gentleman will bear me out,.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That was the posi-
tion taken by the conference on the part of the
Senate. I desire to test the sense of tho House
on tho report, and that the House should de-
clare some provision should be embodied for
the equalization of bounties.
Mr. STEVENS. They gave us distinctly to
understand that had been tried over and over
again in the Senate, and they feared if it were
retained in the bill, the bill must fail. We did
not think it was our duty to let the bill fail.
Now, with regard to the other item. It was
introduced by the Senate. It reduces the mile-
age from forty cents to twenty cents a mile.
We found upon calculation that the present
bill slightly increases the aggregate amount.
We believed that none of us were overpaid,
and that the loss to our constituents would be
very small. I demand the previous question.
Tho previous question was seconded.
The House divided on ordering the main
question; and there were—ayes fifty-four, noes
not counted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Wilson, of
Iowa, and Mr. Stevens, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 27, noes 20.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 14, nays 101, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bergen, Cooper, Harris, Hogan,
Jenckes, Johnson, Latham ,Le Blond, Lettwich, Moor-
head, Nicholson. Spalding, Stevens, and fctrouse—14.
