THE OOJSTGRESSIOFAL GLOBE.
January 20,
•owners of which, are left uncertain as to what
-to do, will be ultimately confiscated by the Uni-
ted States ? If we were ever so violent and ever
so determined upon confiscation, public senti-
ment would not allow us to confiscate the prop-
erty of women and children who were unable
to engage themselves in rebellion, although they
may have been worth more than $'20,000. It
may be thought that there are seme who still
cry for blood, but I trust there is no such-sen ti-
jnent as that.
Now, J .ask Senators to consider .the punish-
ment the South have already felt. Ten thou-
sand million dollars of their property have
been destroyed and sunk in this rebellion. You
may say they deserve it for having commenced
the war. 1 say they deserve the consequence
of engagingin an attemptto overturn this Gov-
ernment, and they must bear it, and they ought
to bear it. If the object is the infliction of pun-
ishment, have we not fined them heavily enough
when -we have gone to the extent of $10,000,-
000,000? Have we not by this very act thrown
upon -them the support of a population who are
not able to support themselves ? It belongs to
them as State governments to take care of their
own poor and those within their own borders.
Sir, it was not .my intention to engage in this
discussion. I believed when I came here that
public sentiment -was ripe for a restoration of
the Union. I believed the arguments of Sher-
man and Grant, and other distinguished soldiers
who had enforced the national authority upon
the battle-field, afforded a greater security than
you could possibly exact in any shape in which
you might put it, and it is a lesson that will last
as long as time shall endure, not only with them
but with their posterity and for all future time.
It is a decision that wants no confirmation by
the Supreme Court of the United States. It is
a decision of the God of battles.
You may say that the result is humiliating to
the South, that they are not prepared to love
the hand that has chastised them; but do you
think they will never make good citizens ? Sir,
for one, 1 would trust that brave and gallant
people—I hope gentlemen will not consider it
treason to call them so—who, with inferior num-
bers and inferior resources, made so stout and
brave a contest against us, with all our strength,
with all our money, and with all our vast re-
sources. Like our gallant generals, when the
battle is over 1 would extend to them the court-
esy of gentlemen and tin; humanity to which I
beliove-they are entitled. 1 want no other guar-
antee than that of which I have spoken ; and I
have yet to learn that any portion of the people
of the United States who have considered (lie
subject want them back in the Union curtailed
of their powers and privileges; nor do [ believe
tliat the sober intelligence of this nation re-
quires that we should send the officers of the
bureau into the southern States to irritate and
annoy the people there, by acting as agents for
the colored population, instituting suits tor
tliom, and tryinglittle pelty difficulties between
them and (he while population. All the suits
to be instituted under this bill are to be those
in which justice shall be administered in iavor
of the blacks; and there is not a solitary pro-
vision in it relative to suits in cases where the
blacks do wrong to the whites.
I hope that the provisions of this bill will not
be extended to the State of Kentucky. This
whole subjcct has given us a great deal of trou-
ble. It has given us some tiouble in the Leg-
islature to adapt ourselves to the new condi-
tion of things in which we find ourselves. I tell
you, gentlemen, the heart of Kentucky is right,
and it will do right on this subjcct. We intend
to provide for the support of the helpless peo-
ple within our borders. We want no interfer-
ence ii'om the General Government on such a
matter. There is no necessity for it. It is not
in the bond of the Union that you shall send
your officers and agents to Kentucky to judge
between portions of her population. I ask you,
gentlemen, to bring this question home to your-
selves. I am sure it chance were ever to put
the party to which I belong in power, we would
not hold this chalice to your lips and attempt
to enforce such a system of laws in your States.
Our charter for action would be the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and where that for-
bade us to go, we would not go.
A great many things have been done during
the last few years that I believe surpass any-
thing ever before seen in America. The great
demoralization that exists throughout the coun-
try, both in public and private life, has hadits
sanction and authority in the acts of those'h'igh
in power and influence. Do you expect that
•when men come together and fill office, and
swear-to abide by the-Constitution, and then dis-
regard its plain .provisions,-the mass of the peo-
ple will respect private rights and pay proper
regard to the lives and property of their fellow-
oitizens? In my judgment, a great portion ot
the demoralization now existing in the country
may bo attributed to that cause. My hope was
that on the restoration of peace we would come
back to the old principle of taking the Consti-
tution for our guide, restoring the courts and the
rights of action in them, setting the people to
work with all their means and all their industry
and all their hopes, so that America should pros-
per as before, and so that we should have the
ability to meet the engagements occasioned by
the war. But, sir, it would be in vain to indulge
such a hope when I see, as I think I see, in this
bill and its twin sister behind it, a provision,
not for restoring the local State governments,
but for governing the people of the States with-
out any regard whatever to the States them-
selves. Heretofore it has been considered that
under the Constitution of the United States you
could not take a foot of land in one oftheStates,
even for a fort or an arsenal, without the con-
sent of the State; but by this bill you propose
to obtain land in the States and to become a
landlord and renter of land to colored people.
Do you think that that will tend to conciliate
the affections of the people in those States?
How much sooner, by this course of legislation,
will you have a united country?
Mr. President, let me say that in my opin-
ion we are not in a condition to continue the
state of things now existing in the southern
States. Our relations with foreign countries are
in a very unsettled slate. Our difficulties with
Kngland still remain unadjusted. Our relations
with France are not settled. This Mexican
question remains environed with difficulties.
Whatever may be thought, of the Monroe doc-
trine, we cannot but. feel that it was unkind on
the part of the Kinperor of I'Vance, while we
wore engaged in our domestic troubles, to im-
portan army into Mexico and setup an emperor
there right opposite to us ; a man who, accord-
ing to the newspapers, is nowshootingby whole-
sale all the prisoners that lie captures. 1 have
ever believed, and still believe, that if we had
settled the difficulties among ourselves, if we
had adopted the President's policy toward the
southern States and admitted them to partici-
pation in the national councils, that very act of
conciliation going forth from America,announc-
ing to all the nations of the earth that wo were
one people again, would have given us a greater
guarantee of peace than wo have ever had. Ff
a necessity should arise for calling forth the
energies of the nalion again in foreign war, I
should be for sustaining the national honor;
but f cannot disguise from myself the fact that
we are just now in no condition to involve our-
selves in further difficulties.
Mr. President, I had hoped that there was a
different spirit among the representatives of
the people in relation to uniting together all
the States, including the so-called confederate
or rebellious States. I do not wish to say any-
thing offensive, but the whole tenor of the re-
marks that have been made here daring this
session toward the people of those States, in-
cluding those who have been pardoned by the
President, has not been the language of con-
ciliation or of kindness. I was as strongly in
favor of the suppression of the rebellion as any
man. I tried, as far as I had power, and as
far as a man of my age could try, to prevent
the war; but when it came, I spoke the lan-
guage of hope as to the result. I thought there
was a reason in the tread of armies that would
bring the Union to safety. I regret that we are
not nearer a Union, that we are not nearer that
spirit of conciliation which would make us one.
No great people on the face of the earth has
ever been conciliated or made friendly by such
discussions as we have had here; it is impossi-
ble that they should be. I think the Govern-
ment will be safe if we adopt the policy laid
down by the President. I confess that I am
astonished at the success 'he has met with in
■restoring the southern States. He has done
more with them than I expected he could do,
knowing them as well as I did. I believe they
are sincere and honest in their desire to come
back to the Union. That there are some idle
men there who talk at random I do not pre-
tend to deny; but the great mass of the people
accept the situation, and mean to be loyal to
the United States.
I am sorry that the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee has inserted in this bill a provision
looking to the permanent establishment of this
bureau. I am one of those who believed that
while the war was going on, while the States
did not recognize their allegiance to the Union,
something should be done for these people. It
was done, and this bureau was created to look
after their interests during the war. But I sup-
posed that as soon as the war was over there
would be no occasion for continuing it, because
we should be one people again, and this whole
subject would be left to the States themselves.
I should feel greatly relieved if that provision
were stricken from the bill.
In a financial point of view, how much bet-
ter would it be for the country to have the peo-
ple of these States friends in the Union than
to have them out, with the irritation which
every man here knows must be going on between
the agents of the bureau and the citizens con-
tinually. It is a festering sore that will enlarge
and grow with time. I thought that the nation
was prepared for peace, that it was prepared
for bringing hack these States. I thought it
was the interest of the nation that wo should
have peace, that wo should have a consolidated
nation. I believed that there was no other se-
curity required than we had gained in the bat-
tles which suppressed the rebellion; that there
was none other, indeed, that we ought to call
for. 1 did not believe that, this nation wanted
the Union restored except upon the principles
of equality that existed in the original Constitu-
tion.
If you insist, upon extending Ihe right of suf-
frage to the African race, in the name of God
extend it to thetn in all the States of the Union,
and do not confine your action to the southern
States, placing it as a mark of degradation and
inequality upon them when they come back.
If you put that lasting mark of degradation
upon them, it will be a festering sore to them
and theirs for generations to come; and as we
are advised by the experience of all those who
have gone before us, when a mark of deg-
radation is placed upon a people, they are gen-
erally ready to seize a promising opportunity
to rebel against it. I shall not go into the his-
tory of the world to prove this. It is known
to be the history of man in all ages from the
first, and it will be so to the last. You cannot
degrade any portion of your population and
put a mark and stain upon them without leav-
ing cause of heart-binning and difficulty that
will endanger the public security hereafter.
I hope that the North and the South hence-
forth will not undervalue caeh other. I made
as strong an effort as 1 could to prevent the
1 South from seceding. I told them that the
North had such superior numbers as would
crush them. When I returned from the peace
conference I thought that both sides were will-
ing for the conflict, and that nothing short of
blood would stop it. I went home and told the
Kentuckians so, and told them also that they
must prepare for it. For a time it seemed doubt-
ful, perhaps, which side would get. their sup-
port ; but the cause of the IJnion prevailed with
the people of Kentucky, and Kentucky has been
true to the Union always. I hope gentlemen
