2360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
I think he will not, because it is too obvious
that in such a case the Legislature has passed
the boundaries of its power, and the condition
it has assumed to annex is a void condition.
What is the New Jersey case, so called? I
shall spend little time upon it; I will merely
allude to it. I understand that the charter of
the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company,
connecting the city of New York with the city
of Philadelphia, those two points being the
termini of the road, contains in it a clause to
this effect:
"That it shall not be lawful at any time during the
said railroad charter to construct any other railroads
in this State without the consent of the said compa-
nies"—
That means the companies constituting the
whole line—
" which shall be intended or used for the transporta-
tion^ passengers or merchandise between the cities
of New York and Philadelphia, or to compote iu
business with the railroad authorized by the act to
which this supplement is relative."
_ That charter also contains, as one of its pre-
cious provisions, this most singular imposition
upon the citizens of other States, thattnecom-
Sany shall pay into the treasury of the State of
rew Jersey ten cents per capita for every
passenger who shall pass over the line between
New York and Philadelphia. If I misstate
this provision of the charter I desire to be
corrected.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I will ask the hon-
orable Senator to give a little farther attention
to that particular provision, and he will find
that it is accompanied with a statement that it
is in lieu of all taxation ; they are to pay that
in lieu of taxes; that is the consideration.
Mr. HOWARD. That does not change the
principlo at all. Whatever may be the consid-
eration passing to the State or to the company
for this provision in the charter, the.charter
itself impores upon the company in form, but
really and in effect upon the passenger who
travels, the sum of ten cents as a State tax, to
be paid into the treasury of the State of New
Jersey. "A rose by any other name would
smell as sweet;" it is a tax in intention, in
essence, and in practice.
_ Mr. K1RKWOOD. I wish, with the permis-
sion of the Senator from Michigan, to under-
stand this matter aright. As 1 understand
what the Senator from Maine and the Senator
from Michigan say, in point of substance, the
entire tax due from the company to the State
is levied upon the passengers. The tax on the
passengers, as I understand the Senator from
Maine to say, is in lieu of all State taxes, so
that the entire tax levied by the State upon
the company is really levied upon passengers
traveling from 'one Stale to another.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator from Michigan, but if he will per-
mit me, on that point, 1 desire to say that it is
a great deal broader than the Senator supposes.
I understand, treating this charter now in the
nature of a contract between the State and the
company, to encourage the company to enter
upon this work, the State say, we grant you this
exclusive right to carry these passengers, and
if you perforin the conditions on your part you
shall be exempt from all taxation, city, county,
and town; and in lieu of it you shall pay a
revenue of ten cents upon each passenger you
carry through the State. There are other res-
ervations as^ to tonnage; but as to the item
referred to, it is ten cents, and it is in lieu of
taxation.
Mr. HOWARD. There is a small specific
tax upon the through freight according to the
same charter—the through freight from New !
1 ork to Philadelphia and vice versa; but I do
not care whether this tax upon passengers and J
freight through New Jersey be small or great, j
it makes no difference as to the principle. The J
question of principle is, whether it is a consti- j
tutional power of New Jersey to make such a
disciiminatioii among the passengers who travel !
and the freight, which passes over its road as is ;
here made.1
Mr. MORRILL. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to assert that by the law of New Jersey a
tax is laid on each person .who travels ove'r
that road?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I did not assert
that. I say that operatively, practically——
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, inferentially.
Mr. HOWARD. In reality it is a tax,
although it goes, perhaps, by another name.
It is perfectly immaterial by what name the
rose is called; you recognize it by its smell.
Mr. MORRILL. How would it smell if,
instead of a revenue of ten cents on each pas-
senger, it was in the shape of a tax, State,
county, and town, on the company—would that
be the same thing?
Mr. HOWARD. It would be the same thing,
undoubtedly, because it comes out of the pocket
of the passenger or shipper who uses the line
of railroad. It is not denied that this tax
comes out of the pocket of the passenger who
travels from New York to Philadelphia, is it?
Does he not pay it?
Mr. MORRILL. He does it upon the as-
sumption that the company imposes it; but
there is no evidence that the fare is increased.
by one mill by reason of this tax, and it is just
as comprehensible and conclusive to argue that
if a tax had been imposed on the business of the
company, the company, by reason of that tax,
would have imposed an additional sum on the
traveler to meet that additional tax—just as
conclusive, I submit to the honorable Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Maine, I think, differs a little in opinion
as to the intention of this charter and the cog-
nate acts of legislation from the persons who
are in the actual exercise of the franchise. I
read from a New Jersey document, emanating
from the executive committee of the coalesced
railroads represented by the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company, the following :
" It seems plain, from the acts incorporating these
companies, and tho testimony of those best convers-
ant with the history of their incorporations, that it
was tho policy ot tho State, taking advantage of the
geographical positipnof New Jersey, botween tho
largest States and cities of tho Union, to create a
revenue by imposing tax or transit duty upon every
person who should pass on the railroad across the
State between those cities, from the Delaware river
to the Iiariran bay; but that it was not their design
to impose any tax upon citizens of their own State
lur traveling between intermediate places.:"s *
j. "lJero, acrain, the policy and intention of
tiic btate is most clearly indicated, in exempting1 her
own citizens from the operation of this system of
taxation."
I am indebted to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] for the
extract which I have now read to the Senate.
Again :
'The company believe thatacareful consideration
ol the whole matter, as well fiom the provisions of
the charter as from a recurrence to the period when
it was granted, will produce the conviction that the
transit duty was intended to be levied only on citi-
zens of other States passing through New Jersey."
I will not ransack all tho charters and acts
of legislation connected with the charter for
the purpose of eliciting the meaning of the
charter. I take it for granted that these gen-
tlemen who had the documents all before them
were as competent as I should be after having
read the same documents to state to the world
what the purpose of this charter actually was
and is. Now, sir, I understand it to be true
in point of fact that for fourteen or fifteen
years past the people of New Jersey have
been entirely relieved from all State taxes by
means of the money which has been accumu-
lated in their treasury in the form of this spe-
cific passenger tax and freight tax botween
rs ew 1 ork and Philadelphia. They have not
paid a dollar, as I have been credibly informed,
of State tax for that period of time, and all the
expenses of the government of that State have
been defrayed out of the proceeds of this im-
position which the State of New Jersey has
made upon passengers and freight passing
through between New York and Philadelphia.
Iask, sir, if Congress have tho exclusive power
of legislation over the subject, is it not time
that the citizens of other States should be re-
lieved from so gross an imposition upon their
good nature? Is it entirelv fair that the citi-
zens of Michigan, of New York, of New Hamo-
shire, of Maine, of Connecticut, of all the
States passing over this railroad, should be
made tributary to the selfish policy of New
Jersey? Ought they to be compelled in this
form to pay the expense of carrying on her
State government ?-
And what is commerce, Mr. President? It
includes not only an exchange of commodities
in specie, not only the sale and delivery of per-
sonal chattels and the conveyance of lands for
money or other consideration, but it includes
navigation and travel; it includes, in the lan-
guage of the Supreme Court, "intercourse"
between the citizens of one State and those of
another, whether that intercourse be for the
purpose of trade and traffic or for anything
else; whether it have profit in view or mere
pleasure and friendship. The Supreme Court
have held repeatedly—the principle has never
been denied since the case of Gibbons vs.
Ogden—that commerce, as spoken of in the
Constitution, includes intercourse between the
people of one State and the people of another,
whatever may be the object of that intercourse.
It includes, therefore, the right of free and
untrammeled transit from one State to another.
It includes the right of a man who walks on
foot from an eastern State to visit his friends
in the West, and it prohibits the State through
which he may be compelled to pass from enact-
ing any laws to obstruct his passage from his
home to his family or his friends in the West
or wherever he may see fit to go. He cannot
be taxed as a citizen of another State pass-
ing through any one particular State; and his
progress cannot be obstructed, or impeded, or
embarrassed in any way whatever for the rea-
son that he does not happen to be a citizen of
the State wherein the burden is sought, to bs
imposed upon him.
If I, in passing from New York to Philadel-
phia, can be directly or indirectly by the legis-
lative power of New Jersey subjected to the pay-
ment of a tax of ten cents, I may be subjected
to the payment of a tax of ten dollars or one
hundred dollars. Nay, Mr. President, such is
the character of the taxing power that if it can
be exercised upon commerce and intercourse
in this way, it can be carried so far as actually
to exclude and keep out of the limits of one
State citizens of another State. This monopo-
lizing claim has no limits. There is no point
at which it can be restrained. Tf the State
Legislature has the power to impose a tax upon
me, a citizen of Michigan, forgoingthrough the
State of New Jersey, simply because I am* a
citizen of Michigan and not of New Jersey,
they can prohibit me from going through the
State of New Jersey at all; they can bv legis-
lation surround the State by a Chinese wall more
difficult to scale than that famous wall which
was erected to protect the Celestial empire
against the incursion of the Tartars. There is
no boundary, no limit to this inhospitable claim
of power. Gentlemen declare that if we pass
a bill recognizing simply the omnipotent power
of Congress over the subject of commerce the
Government is dissolved, a requiem is to be
sung over its dead body, and the whole struc-
ture is to pass into one universal wreck and
ruin. Sir, I do not read the Constitution of
my country in this way. I discover in it an
intention on the part of tho fathers of the
Republic to treat the citizens of the various
States as equals, to allow the citizen of one
State the same privilege in another State that
he has in his own. I do not see any danger of
encroachment upon the power of the States.
The history of the Government from its initia-
tion down to this moment contains the most
lamentable and continuous lesson to us, admon-
ishing us that its tendency has been and is to
dissolution and separation rather than to a more
strict and perfect union. Why, sir, one of the
first, attempts that was seriously made by a Slate
against this great power of the Government to
regulate commerce was made by the Statu of
New \ ork, which undertook by her Legislature
to create a monopoly of the navigation of the
navigable rivers of that, State in the hands of
the representatives of Robert Fulton.
