3320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
of this provision. This is intended to make it
the interest of old banks to get in their notes.
If the provision is not put in, if they are only
taxed upon their old circulation what they
would be upon their new, they will naturally
keep out the old circulation on which there is
a greater proportion of profit, and it is very
easily done through the agency of a broker.
We have gone through the process in the State
of Ohio. "When the national banking system
was started we had some six or eight millions
of banking capital in the State Bank and
branches. They protested loudly that they
could not get in their circulation, that the tax
was unjust upon them; but the result of the
gentle pressure which we put upon them in the
form of taxation has been to compel them sub-
stantially to retire their whole circulation. The
bank presidents said it would take ten years to
retire their circulation, but they have found
means to get it in within two or three years.
If now you relieve them from the effect of this
tax they will by some indirect means manage
to keep out their circulation and inflate the
currency.
One of our objects is to compel a imiform
national standard of currency, to retire all the
State currency, and to make it the interest of
the old banks to retire their currency. For that
reason wo put a very heavy penal tax upon
them, a tax of ten per cent, on the amount of
their circulation, and the result of that tax has
been very useful throughout the United States,
so that the State bank circulation has now
fallen from one hundred and seventy or one
hundred and eighty million dollars, which was
its amount at the beginning of this system, to
a very low sum, and probably by the 1st of
July, or within a month or two afterward, it
will all be retired.
This amendment of the committee modifies
the tax by reducing it from ten to three per
cent., which is not a very severe burden upon
them. Besides, upon all tins circulation now
outstanding they are getting an interest of not
less than six per cent., and wo simply propose
that the Government shall share with them the
profit thus derived from their circulation, we
taking three per cent, and leaving them three
per cent. As the Government has now stepped
m and assumed the business of furnishing a
currency to the people, I think it is but rea-
sonable that the Government should share the
profit derived by the old banks from their cur-
rency not yet retired. I see the difficulty sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont; but I
think, if you still leave it the interest of tliese
banks to get their old currency in, in order to
got their new currency out, they will find some
means of getting the old in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would like the opin-
ion of my friend from Ohio as to whether the
words '' or shall be" ought not to be stricken
out of the amendment of the committee in line
twenty-nine hundred and thirty-two. If a new
national bank should bo formed from a State
bank, it should be allowed some time to get in
its old circulation. Those that have converted
already have had plenty of time; but suppose
a new bank is formed which has circulation
out as a State bank.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want that old circula-
tion to be subject to a severe tax because I
think the old State banks ought to be subject
to the severe tax of three per cent. I do not
think we ought to legislate in favor of those
who have refused to come into the national
bank system.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It Las not been a refu-
sal. It has been owing to the fact that there
was not enough national banking capital au-
thorized to enable them to come in.
Mr. SHERMAN. But those who have kept
out are generally men who held back so long
that, they are not entitled to any favors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question suggested
by the Senator from Maine is not exactly ger-
mane to my amendment, and I shall confine
myself to that. This is a matter of sufficient
importance to justify a little time devoted to it,
ana therefore I shall be excused for trespassing
on the Senate. I do hot think it is a true prin-
ciple in legislation that we are to impose unjust
burdens and taxes upon those who manifest a
sincere desire to obey the law for the sake of
catching a few rogues who in the State of Ohio
or elsewhere may be disposed to defraud. It
is perfectly true, as the Senator from Maine
said, that it is the policy of the Government,
and it is a correct policy in my judgment, to
get rid of this old circulation, and that where
State banks have taken advantage of the double
mode' which is authorized by the statute of the
United States to become national banks, and
have therefore got two banks running in the
saiiie place over the same counter, it is per-
fectly right to tax them, and they ought to be
taxed for that species of performance. But
where, as in the great majority of instances in
New England, andelscwhere I have no doubt,
these banks have turned over under the statute
the very same bank and have been met by the
Comptroller of the Currency with the statement,
i; You cannot have any addition to your State
circulation in national currency at all until yon
come down to the ninety per cent.," and when
they stop issuing altogether (as all the banks
in the State of Vermont that turned over did,
more than two dozen of them,) in order to obey
the law and get new circulation and have not
for a year past issued a dollar, and yet still
on account of the high credit of those bp.nks
$20,000 or $30,000 or $40,000 of their currency
is still circulating as a part of and not in excess
of their ninety per cent.—I say it is unjust to
impose any penalty upon banks of this descrip-
tion for this still outstanding circulation. When
I therefore propose to relieve them from that
penalty, which ought to be imposed upon the
wrong-doer, to still guard the Treasury and
guard the policy of the Government by having
it operate yet upon all new issues, and upon all
acts of the banks intended to keep it out—for
the amendment is not merely to "issue" but
to "keep out"—I do not think it is a fair argu-
ment to be met with the observation that this
will be disobeyed, that somebody will expose
himselfto the penalties of the statute by evading
it. Undoubtedly some will; but we ought not
to leave the innocent entirely defenseless and
burdened because some persons may wrong-
fully, in fraud of the law and subjecting them-
selves to the penalties of it by so doing, evade
it. It appears to me that it is right and wise
to adopt this amendment.
Mr. GUTHRIE. It seems to me that the
circulation of the old banks that is out did
not pass from the banks without a considera-
tion from the holders, and if the banks have
not paid back the notes they have yet got that
consideration in their vaults, and they are prof-
iting just, as much by their old issues as they
would by the new, or probably more; and if
wo are going to get this circulation in, it is just
and proper that we should hasten the process
of getting it in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont how ho proposes to dis-
tinguish between what circulation is kept out
and what was actually out on the 1st of July.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will answer. The laws
of all the States and the laws of the United
States require that these banks shall keep ac-
counts that their officers shall swear to, and
make monthly returns. Any bank that would
not blow up in sixty days knows and is obliged
to communicate to the public in some way just
how its circulation is, how it stands every day;
and all banks that ought not to blow up do
know every night just how much new circu-
lation has gone out and how much old has
come in.
Now, as to keeping out the circulation,
according to the intervention suggested by my
friend from Ohio, through the medium of a
broker, that, like any other criminal and wrong-
ful act in violation of the statute, is to be met
by proof, of course. If the Comptroller of the
Currency finds that from the sworn monthly
returns of any bank it appears that the old
circulation has not diminished, or if he has the
least suspicion that a bank is using indirect
means to keep its circulation out, the means
are in his hands to meet the case.
Indulge me, sir, a moment further in order to
reply to the Senator from Kentucky, for whose
judgment I have great respect. It is true that
the banks got a consideration, but the consid-
eration is only like the consideration for its
circulation under the national currency act of
ninety per cent. This old State circulation is
a part of the ninety per cent, when it is below
ninety, and they cannot get any more until
they get that in. I am entirely satisfied with
taxing just as you do tax the ninety per cent.;
but in order to meet the banks that have doubled
upon the community and are reissuing their cir-
culation, as the Senator from Maine has said,
I think it is wrong in order to punish them—
and they ought to be puuished—to also punish
those banks who in good faith and in truth and
justice are endeavoring to get in their circula-
tion all the time, and who cannot get the new
national circulation for it. If they violate the
law punish them, and it is easy enough to find
out whether they do it or not, because they are
obliged to make returns every month.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the committee.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 7, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call forthe ycasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am satisfied, on re-
flection, that there is some difficulty about this
matter which ought to be provided for. I do
not agree exactly with the Senator from Ohio.
I know the fact which has been stated by the
Senator from Vermont that many of the State
banks which have been converted into national
banks cannot get their new circulation for the
reason that the old circulation is out, and they
cannot get it in. That is a matter which has
come within my personal observation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not mean where
they have an excess over the ninety per cent,
out. You take a bank with $800,000 capital
now which is converted into a national bank.
They have but $100,000 in circulation, when
they are entitled to $270,000 under the law.
They cannot get $50,000 more, although they
have the bonds up for it, and have had them
up for a year, for the reason that their old
circulation of $50,000 is still outstanding, and
does not come back to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no provision
of law about that, but it is a matter of regula-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Comptroller un-
dertakes to make a regulation that he will not
issue the new circulation to a bank except in
proportion as they draw in their old.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is right, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For instance, suppose
a bank to have a capital of $100,000; it is
entitled to $90,000 of circulation. If $-50,000
of this old circulation is out, the Comptroller
will allow but $40,000 of new circulation, and
according as the old comes in he issues the
new. It is^ not the object to tax them, and I
agree that it is not fair to tax them, on that
which is out and which they cannot get in. I
think this provision may need amendment if
it will cover those cases, though I am not sat-
isfied that the Senator from Vermont has got
his amendment in such language as will suffi-
ciently provide for the difficulty and be safe to
the country. The amendment, as reported by
the committee, was not designed to touch a
,case of that kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has that effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was designed to
touch cases where a bank having received its
circulation before the rule was madp, for in-
stance, not having been converted exactly, but
having made itself into a national bank and
kept up its old organization at the same time,
and having received its new circulation, the
whole amount, still kept out its old circula-
tion, paying it out from its old banking-house,
thus having a double circulation. There are
