1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Suppose the Supreme Court liad decided
otherwise than it did in that famous ease of
Gibbons vs. Ogden; the waters of the State
of New York would to-day have been closed
to other States under the authority of the State
of New York, against all the foreign as well as
domestic commerce, except upon onerous and
intolerable conditions, by virtue of the^ same
monopoly. Not many years ago a similar
attempt was made by Maryland to obstructfor-
eign commerce by requiring that every importer
of foreign goods who should land his cargo in
that State should be at the trouble of going to
the State authorities, taking out a license, and
paying for it the sum of fifty dollars. The
Supreme Court promptly and decisively laid its
heavy hand on this pretension. I need not
enumerate instances, Mr. President, of the
attempts of States to encroach upon the just
powers of Congress touching commerce. The
absolute necessity of such a power in the cen-
tral Government was, as we all know, the great
procuring cause of the formation of the Con-
stitution and the establishment of the Union.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Maryland tells us that the bill assumes to
authorize a State railroad company to carry
persons and property beyond the terminus of
its road, to authorize a company to make con-
nection and even to make a road. In the
■warmth of the honorable Senator's opposition'
to this bill, it seems to me he has made on
this subject assertions which he will see occa-
sion to review, if not to recall. Does the bill
before us assume to authorize a company in
New Jersey to carry persons and property
beyond the terminus of its road? Does it
assume to impart a new and additional faculty
to those corporations, by which tliey can con-
struct new roads, or parts of new roads, and
thus extend their franchise by means of this
bill? No, sir; the bill properly interpreted
means no such thing.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber read that part of it?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; I was about to
do so. The bill provides that "every railroad
company in the united States whose road is
operated by steam, its successors, and assigns,
be, and is hereby, authorized" to do what?
Extend its road? Carry goods or passengers
ultra viam, beyond the road, beyond the ter-
minus or off %e road? No, sir; but "to carry
upon and over its road, connections, boats,
bridges, and ferries, all passengers, troops, Gov-
ernment supplies, mails, freight, and property,
on their way.from any State to another State."
Now, I ask the honorable Senator whether
this is granting to a railroad company an au-
thority to transport passengers or freight to
anywhere but on and over its road.
Mr. JOHNSON. And connections.
Mi\ HOWARD. I will come to that. The
honorable Senator will admit that already the
State corporation has the authority to trans-
port passengers and freight over and upon its
road. There is no doubt about that; other-
wise it would be a very useless corporation.
But, says the honorable Senator, it also lias the
right to carry freight and passengers upon and
over its connections. Sir, what is meant in
the bill by the words, "connections, boats,
bridges, and ferries?" Plainly, the connections
which belong to the particular corporation,
collateral railroads over which such corpora-
tion has a right to carry freight and passengers;
connections which become such lawfully and
properly under the legislation of New Jersey,
by contract or by charter; connections which
may be here regarded as the property of the
particular company; connections which are its
property precisely in the same sense in which
boats, bridges, and ferries are its property;
connections, boats, &c., the use of which,, lor
purposes of transportation, the railroad legit-
imately has, possesses, and enjoys under State
laws ; and that is all that is meant. It does
not go a single inch beyond its own chartered
rights, established by the State.^ The bill
assumes in no possible sense to impart to a
State corporation any faculty, franchise, license,
or right whatevey, except such as may be
already granted to it by the State save to this
extent: it declares that although under its
charter it may be prohibited from carrying
freight and passengers which are bound from
one State into another, the particular corpo-
ration shall have the right in spite of the pro-
hibition to carry on this inter-State com-
merce. That is the effect and the sole effect
of this bill.
Let me illustrate. Suppose the charter of
New Jersey, as it seems to have done, pro-
hibits any other railroad company in that State
except the Camden and Amboy from trans-
porting freight or passengers bound from one
State to another State through New Jersey;
suppose the State prohibits one of its corpora-
tions from carrying passengers and freight thus
destined; the bill declares that the State cor-
poration so prohibited shall have the right to
transport such passengers and freightand
I insist that we have a perfect constitutional
authority to do so under the power to regulate
commerce among the States.
Railroad corporations are created for the
purpose of transportation. They are in a broad
sense common carriers as known in the com-
mon law, and they may carry commodities and
passengers bound from one State to another.
No State has a right to make a discrimination
between such commerce and its purely internal
commerce, such a discrimination being incon-
sistent with the exclusive power of Congress
over commerce.
But the honorable Senator takes another
objection to the bill; he objects to its passage
because, he says, if we can pass it wo may
regulate tolls upon State railroads ; we may
increase the tolls; and he seems to discover
in the future the danger of Congress inter-
fering with State railroads by assuming to reg-
ulate the tolls upon property passing through
from one State into another. It is a sufficient
answer to this objection, if it is deserving of
the name, that ithasno place ; it isnot founded
upon any clause of the billit does not grow
out of its language or intention, but is a mere
apprehension of the honorable Senator that at
some future day Congress may take it into their
head to interfere with the tolls upon State rail-
roads. Mr. President, have we not precisely
the same power over commerce among the
States that wo possess over foreign commerce?
Will the honorable Senator deny it? Will he
undertake to limit the power of Congress in
the one case and not in the other? Whatever
may be the extent of this commercial power,
Congress possesses it and the whole of it; and
if that power extends so far as to grasp within
itself the tolis upon passengers or merchandise
transported from one State to another, so be
it ; we can neither enlarge nor restrain it.
When the proper occasion shall present itself
it will be for us to determine, if we do possess
the power, whether to exercise it or omit to
exercise it; and this is a sufficient answer to,
the argument of the Senator from Maryland
upon that subject.
But, sir, in reference to foreign commerce,
we have precisely the same power, and always
have had it; and if there is any danger that we
shall interfere injuriously or oppressively in
the commerce among the States and control the
States, has not the same danger existed over
siuee the commencement of the Government?
And can the honorable Senator point to a single
case where the United States have assumed to
regulate the freights between foreign countries
and the United States, or the price of passages,
or anything of the kind? 1 apprehend he will
find himself at a loss to discover any such pre-
cedent. While, at the same time, we know
that every State of the Union ha,s always inter-
fered in some form in regulating tolls upon
bridges, turnpikes, canals, and railroads, the
Government of the United States have never
exercised the power in any instance, as far as
I have been able to ascertain. So I think that
this objection of the honorable Senator from
Maryland, that Jjy passing this bill we shall
establish a precedent ot which we can avail
ourselves hereafter to regulate tolls upon State
railroads, is unfounded, rather in the nature of
an alarm than an argument.
I will not undertake to deny that Congress
might, in an exigency, regulate the price of
freight and passage money upon the ocean.
The time may come when the exercise of such
a power will become necessary. We have
never, thus far, exercised it, to be sure ;
have not seen the necessity of exercising it.
And for the same reason I shall not deny that
Congress have the power to regulate even tolls
in the matter of trade among the States, though
we have never exercised it, nor assumed to
exercise it, thus far. I am not, however, by
such objections to be frightened out of my posi-.
tion, that the power of Congress is just as
exclusive over the one kind of commerce as
the other.
His last objection is that if Congress may
pass a bill authorizing every railroad to carry
property bound from one State to another, as
this bill does, it may make a road; that it may
incorporate a company for the purpose of car-
rying on commerce among the States, and for
this purpose make a road. This objection-does
not frighten me; nor will 1 undertake to say
that Congress is totally disabled from creating
a corporation for the purpose of carrying on
commerce amongthe States ; it is not necessary
to deny even this power. If it could create
such a corporation, it could undoubtedly au-
thorize the corporation to make a road for the
purpose of carrying on this commerce ; but the
bill before us does not contemplate the making
of a road or any part-of a road ; so that 1 do
not see that the last two objections of the hon-
orable Senator to this bill, in which he seems
to apprehend that Congress may do this thing
or the other thing in thefuture, have the slightest
weight in the discussion of the present bill.
The simple questions are, is this measure in
accordance 'with the Constitution ? Are we
authorized to give this faculty and power to a
State corporation, under the Constitution, or
are we restrained from it? I have no doubt
whatever upon the subject. I have no doubt
that we have full authority to pass the bill in
the very language which it contains; and I have
just as little doubt that the interests of the pub-
lic, the interests of the citizens of the various
States who have been made tributary to New
Jersey for so many years, and the interests of
the whole commercial world visiting New York
and Philadelphia require that this unblushing,
persevering, corrupt, and corrupting monopoly
of New Jersey ought to be extinguished; and
I trust there will be votes enough and deter-
mination enough on the part of the Senate to
put a complete extinguisher upon it. Tf has
cursed the laud long enongh ; and the people,
with united voice, are crying against it. I trust
we shall obey that voice.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am some-
times made to feel that there is nothing so timid
and so abject as the Government of the United
States. Sometimes, thank God, I am made to
see that there is nothinggrander or more heroic.
The power of this Government and its authority
is so often and so obstinately disputed that I
really get to feeling at times as if it was made
to look at and not to act. I have scarcely lieurd
a proposition introduced into this body since I
have had the honor of a seat here that has not
found some one to deny the authority of Con-
gress to enact it. This little proposition now
before the Senate I think we have been strain-
ing at for something like two years, trying to
swallow it. The Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson,] in the very morning of its appear-
ance. told us it was unconstitutional; and when
he pronounces upon the Constitution, if he does
not create convictions or change convictions,
he is apt to influence them very much. _ I have
seen a mesmeric experimenter lay his cane
down on the floor before his victim, and ma'c®
the victim think it was a serpent and travel all
about the room to dodge it and to avoid it.
Here is a bill as harmless, as inoffensive, as
any man's walking-stick; and yet, because tue
Senator from Maryland told the Senate some
