2862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
time ago that it really was a violation of the
Constitution, we hare been hesitating all this
time as to whether we should adopt it or not.
' What is this little thing that we dare not enact
into a law? It says that every railroad com-
pany in the United States using steam, may
carry over its road the Government supplies,
passengers, troops, mails, freight, &c., on their
way from one State to another. A railroad is a
highway, I suppose. These passengers, troops,
supplies, mails, and freights are commerce;
they are the incident of commerce; they make
up commerce; they are included within the
term "commerce." What is this bill, then? A
simple declaration that commerce may move
. over all the highways in any of the States.
That is all there is of it. And yet we are told
we cannot make that declaration. Why can
we not make that declaration? It is said that
one of the States, shoved in accidentally be-
tween two of the great metropolitan cities of
the* United States—New York and Philadel-
phia—has declared that of the highways run-
ning through its borders, only one of them
shall carry these mails, troops, passengers, and
freight; in other words, a State lying between
New York and Philadelphia has declared that
commerce between one State and another shall
move only upon one of its highways; and that
enactment lies in the way of our making this.
If that be so I ask, who controls the com-
merce between New York and Philadelphia?
Who regulates it? The United States or the
State of New Jersey? The State of New Jersey
says it shall go over one particular way, and
having said so we are told that the United
States cannot say to the contrary. Why, sir,
the State of New Jersey regulates commerce
between those two cities if that be the case,
and the Congress of the United States does
not regulate it. That is as patent to me as the
light above us. But the Constitution says that
Congress may regulate commerce between the
States, and not any one of the States. And, Mr.
President, I want to remark here that this
Congress was created, this Government was
formed as much for the purpose of taking this
very control from the States as for any other
one purpose. One of the leading objects, one
of the moving inducements to aggregate the
original States into one supreme Government
was the fact that independent of any such gen-
eral control the several States did impose just
such restrictions, limitations, and disabilities
upon the movement of commerce between the
different States. If we disclaim this power,
therefore, now, wo ignore one of the highest
and most beneficent purposes had in view in
the organization of this Government.
The argument urged against the exercise of
this authority is very brief, ft is said that Con-
gress cannot authorize the building of a rail-
way in one of the States; that that is a power
to he exercised exclusively by the State ; and
the Stale having the exclusive right to author-
ize the construction of a road within its limits,
it must have the right to impose just such terms
upon the construction of the road as it sees fit.
In the first place, I deny the premises. I deny
that the Congress of the United States cannot
authorize the building of a highway within one
of the States. But concedingthat proposition
to be correct, the deductions which are drawn
from it I deny altogether. Admitting the law
to be that only the Legislature of New Jersey
can authorize the construction of a railway
within her limits, I do not concede in that
state of the law that she is authorized to im-
pose just such terms upon the use of the rail-
way after it is constructed as she sees fit; for
it is impossible that her right, or the right of
any State, to build a railway, or to authorize
the building of a railway, can be more abso-
lute and unlimited than is the right of the
United States to regulate commerce. Here is
the fact that different railways, different high-
ways operated by steam, are existing in a par-
ticular State; here is the fact that each one of
them is authorized by the law of that State;
but here is the other fact that the right to reg-
ulate commerce on those highways is in the
Congress of the United Spates. I conclude
that this power of the several States to impose
terms upon the companies constructing rail-
ways must be exercised in subordination to our
authority to regulate commerce, or the reverse
of this must be true, and our authority to reg-
ulate commerce must be held in subordination
to the power of the States to construct railways.
Mr. GRIMES. Does our power go so far
as to regulate the tolls ?
Mr. HOWE. The question is put to me if
our power goes so far as to regulate tolls upon
commerce. Just how that power is to be exer-
cised I do not now say; but that we have the
power to regulate tolls in some way, if it be
necessary, I have no more doubt than I have
of our right to make appropriations. If there
was but one road through which the commerce
from the Atlantic sea-board could reach the
valley of the Mississippi, and that led through
the State of New York, and the State of New
York, in the interest of her canal system, was
pleased to say that all of this commerce should
go on her canals and none of it on her railways,
does any one tell me, in view of our Constitu-
tion, that New York could stand at the gateway
of her canals and levy just such tolls as she
saw fit upon the commerce flowing between the
East and the West? There are two empires;
the commerce flowing between them is of im-
mense importance to the world; is it at the
mercy, under our Constitution, of any one
State? Whether we could say to the State of
New York, "You must reduce your tolls on
that canal to meet the requirements, or what
we judge to be the requirements, of the coun-
try or whether we could say, " Wo will build
a new canal in the interests of the nation and
for the life of thisgreat commerce," I will not
stop to argue or to assert; but I do say most
emphatically that it is not in the power of any
one Slate to burden the commerce moving on-
ward between the different States beyond the
will of the nation. That question is not here.
This is not a question of regulating tolls; it
is a question of regulating commerce; it is a
question of enabling commerce to move between
different highways leading between the same
points.
I said that either this authority to authorize
the construction of railways must be exercised
by the States in subordination to our authority
to regulate commerce, or our authority to reg-
ulate commerce must be exercised in subor-
dination to the authority of the States to con-
struct railways or to authorize the construction
of railways. I conclude that the power of the
State, even if it be exclusive over the given
subject, must be exercised in subordination to
the authority of the nation, because the Consti-
tution of the United States and the laws made
in accordance with it are declared to be the
supreme law of the land, anything in the laws
of any State to the contrary notwithstanding. If
the law of the State is not subordinate to the
law of the United States, then the Constitution
of the United States is not the supreme law.
But I said I denied that the power to build
railways or authorize the construction of rail-
ways is exclusively in the several States. I have
no manner of doubt, if it were adjudged by
Congress necessary and expedient to promote
the commercial interests of the United States,
to advance the interests of commerce moving
between State and State, to build a railway, that
we might authorize the construction of a rail-
way or build it ourselves. It is an instrument
of commerce, and if we judge it expedient to
build one, who shall control the exercise of
our discretion? I am not going to occupy the
time of the Senate with arguing that question.
It seems to me it has been decided, if any
question ever was decided. It seems to me the
Supreme Court of the United States affirmed
that very power in the case of the Wheeling
bridge.
Mr. CRESWELL. The power to build a
bridge ?
Mr. HOWE. The power to build a railway ;
not in so many words, but by-the most neces-
sary implication. There was a company author-
ized by the States of Virginia and Ohio to Kild
a bridge across the Ohio river, every inch of
which was either in the State of Virginia or in
the State of Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL. Virginia.
Mr. HOWE. Well, it was in one State or
the other. The company was authorized by
the laws of a State to build a bridge. A State—
the State of Pennsylvania—complained of it as
an injury to her interests, as a wrong done to
her, and declared the structure to be illegal,
and appealed to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States to redress that wrong. The Supreme
Court heard that complaint, pronounced that
structure to be illegal, and adjudged that it be
abated, that it be removed. Congress enacted
a law declaring that that bridge was legal, was
a lawful structure 
Mr. MORRILL. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to make a remark just here?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. The Congress of the Uni-
ted States did nothing more than this: the
Supreme Court, on an examination of the facts,
had decided it to be an obstruction to the navi-
gation of the Ohio river; and Congress, hav-
ing the supreme jurisdiction of the commerce
of that river, declared it was not an obstruc-
tion, it being the judge. That is all they did.
Mr. HOWE. I think it did more. I think
the Supreme Court had declared that bridge
to be illegal.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; they declared it
an obstruction. The whole case turned on the
question of whether it was an obstruction to
the navigation of the Ohio river. The court
found that it was an obstruction.
Mr. HOWE. And therefore not a lawful
structure.
Mr. MORRILL. And therefore the State
of Virginia had not a right to obstruct a com-
mon highway. The Congress of the United
States said, we have a right to say that it shall
stand notwithstanding that fact. That is what
they said.
Mr. HOWE. The Supreme Court said, I
repeat, that it was not a lawful structure. The
reason why it was not a lawful structure, in
their judgment, was precisely what my fiiend
from Maine says, because it obstructed a high-
way, not leading through the State of Penn-
sylvania, which complained, but leading to'
the State of Pennsylvania, which complained.
That is what gave the State of Pennsylvania
a right to redress ; the fact that it obstructed
commerce moving to and from Pennsylvania.
Tt obstructed the movement of that commerce.
So the court said. They said it must be abated.
Congress said, in defiance of the legal rights
as adjudicated, passed into judgment, of the
State of Pennsylvania, "It is not an unlawful,
but a lawful, structure, and shall stand, the
judgment of the court to the contrary notwith-.
standing." Congress did not authorize the
building of a bridge, but finding a bridge con-
structed by a private corporation, without au-
thority of law, they said "It shall have the
authority of law.'' Pennsylvania complained.
It was the exercise of authority within the lim-
its of a State—the State of Virginia—to main-
tain a bridge which Pennsylvania had not
authorized; Virginia attempted to authorize it,
but had not the authority to authorize it, sim-
ply beca_use it was a wrong to another State.
I cannot for my life conceive why that power,
which the United States exercised in Virginia
to the injury of the adjudged rights of Penn-
sylvania, could not have been just as well
exercised in Pennsylvania if the call for its
cxercise had been made from Pennsylvania.
I must insist, therefore, that the court has
passed upon and has affirmed, most substan-
tially and most clearly, the right of the Uni-
ted States, if they see fit, to authorize the
construction of railways within States in the
interests of commerce.
Mr. President, if it were not for the peculiar
course this debate has taken I think it would
be an astounding thing for us to be told that in
the face and eyes of the plain, constitutional
declaration of our right to regulate commerce,
