4282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julv 27,
abled officers of other regiments stand on the
same footing with them and have the same
chance of being appointed. The officers of
colored troops are declared by this bill to be
officers of volunteers so as to place them on
an equal footing with other officers. The Sen-
ate concurred in the House provision in refer-
ence to the organization of the medical and
quartermaster's departments. The House bill
provided that enlistments should be for three
years; the Senate for five. I should have been
very glad myself if the House had provided dif-
ferently. I prefer that the enlistments should
be for five years; I think three years is entirely
too short a time. But in deference to the ex-
pressed wish of the House we insisted upon
that provision being retained, compromising,
however, with the Senate by providing that
recruits for the cavalry regiments should be
enlisted for five years. It is much easier to
obtain recruits for cavalry service than for infan-
try and artillery; and it is much more impor-
tant that they should be enlisted for a longer
period in order that the men should be thor-
oughly drilled and fitted for service. The Sen-
ate bill provided that each regiment should be
en titled to a band of music; the House bill pro-
vided that only fifteen bands should be allowed
in the whole military establishment, and the Sen-
ate conceded that to us. I believe these are the
only points that the House will take any Mer-
est in.
I will only say, in conclusion, that this was
the very best we could do, and, under the cir-
cumstances, the committee on the part of the
House thought it best to recommend the pas-
sage of the bill. It is very important that a
bill should be passed. It is recommended and
strongly insisted upon by General Grant, and
by all the officers of the Army. I aih satisfied
if this is not adopted we shall lose the Army
bill. I think it is a very fair bill. We retain
the provision in reference to officering the new
regiments, by which all the vacancies below the
grade of captain are to be filled by officers and
men who have served with the volunteers. Un-
der the law as it now exists with reference to
the Veteran Reserve corps, a man who has been
disabled by wounds may be appointed an offi-
cer of a regular regiment. An officer who has
lost an arm—as many of our most worthy offi-
cers have, who are still in the scrvice—may
still, under the present law, be appointed to a
command in any regiment of the regular ser-
vice. So that the necessity for enlarging the
volunteer corps on that account is not so great.
Theargument on the part of the Senate against
the Veteran Reserve corps is this: that we shall
get into the service a large number of officers
who are incapacitated bodily for the perform-
ance of efficient service, and who will be, in
consequence, retired in a short time ; that un-
der the law as it now exists they will bo placed
upon the retired list, with large pay. There is
considerable force in this argument.
But, sir, I will not occupy the time of the
House. Unless some gentleman desires to say
something on the subject I will call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I simply desire to ask
the gentleman from Illinois if there is any change
in this bill in regard to the maximum number
of companies.
Mr. 1< ARNSWORTH: No, sir; that remains
the same.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say, in all candor, that the result of this con-
ference is better than I expected. The gentle-
man who has made the report has certainly
stated fairly the fact that in most of the details
of the bill the views of the House prevail, and
that in various sections following that which
provides for the aggregate force of the Army,
the bill corresponds in a good degree, and in-
deed I might say almost exactly, with the bill
which this morning my colleague upon the
committee [Mr. Paixe] and myself desired to
submit to the House as a compromise.
The only point as to which there has been a
material difference between the two Houses,
and in regard to which the House, by this re-
port, has made a considerable concession to
the Senate, is with reference to the Veteran
Reserve corps. As gentlemen of the House
are aware, the House has shown throughout a
determination to insist upon some provision for
wounded officers and men who are still capa-
ble of military duty. Hence, on each occasion
when we have adopted a bill, we have provided
for ten regiments, to be called the Veteran
Reserve corps, to be made up of wounded or
disabled men from all branches of the service,
and to be officered by wounded or disabled offi-
cers. By this compromise the Veteran Reserve
corps is cut down to four regiments. But then
it must be remembered that while we give up
four regiments of colored infantry, we gain,
upon the last bill passed by the House, two
regiments of colored cavalry. Two out of the
four regiments of cavalry are to bo colored.
There is another material concession to the
Senate in allowing the conversion of the pres-
ent nine large regiments of infantry, organized
at the beginning of the war, into thirty-seven
regiments, by adding two companies to each
battalion. It is for the House to determine
whether these changes are so material as to war-
ant the rejection of the report of the commit-
tee of conference, which would doubtless result
in our having no Army bill whatever. I repeat
that so far as concerns the minor details—and
although minor they are not unimportant, for
they relate to the advantages to be given to the
volunteer forces—the views of the House have
been maintained successfully by the last com-
mittee of conference, according to what had
been agreed upon by the first committee of
conference in those particulars. I will not, for
one, oppose the adoption of this report.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I think the
House may congratulate itself on the success
of this conference, and that the committee may
congratulate itself on the very happy result
which it has achieved in this struggle. I have
looked through this bill with a great deal of
carc, and as the result of that examination I
must say that I hope the House will adopt the
report of the conference committee; for I am
sure it is very much better than we had any
reason to hope for, considering the results of
the last attempt at a conference with the Senate.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I desire to add one word
more. We found in conference with the Sen-
ate they were just as determined to have not
one single regiment as a Veteran Reserve corps
as the House was to have ten. Some compro-
mise, therefore; had to be made. The only
question was whether we would come down to
four, when in the morning they were willing
to give us five. They abandoned their own
ground.
Mr. PAINE. I hold in my hand a docu-
ment on which I made accurate notes of the
agreements of the morning. In looking throngli
the second conference report, I find there are
only three points in which the report differs
from the report to which the third conference
agreed to subscribe. We were willing to agree
to everything except the provisions relating to
the number of ordinary infantry regiments and
the number of the colored troops and of the
Veteran Reserve corps. The difference is not
enough to warrant the rejection of this report,
and I hope it will be adopted.
_ Mr. EARNS WORTH demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE I'-ROJI THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fouxey,
its Secretary, announced that that body further
insisted on its amendments to the civil appro-
priation bill disagreed to by the House and
agreed to the further conference asked for.
and had appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. IIakiiis,
and Mr. Edmunds as managers of such con-
ference on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 62) directing a district
court to be held at the city of Erie, in the State
Pennsylvania;
An act (H. R. No. 468) to provide for the
suits, judgments, and business of the United
States provisional court for the State of Lou-
isiana ;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 197) authorizing
a" contract with Vinnie Ream for a statue of
Abraham Lincoln; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 207) to pay Col-
ncl Lewis F. Fix.
Mr. DRIGGS (at quarter past four o'clock,
a. m.) moved that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD. I understand that the
points of disagreement between thetwo Houses
on the pending bills promise soon' to be ad-
justed, and I hope the gentleman will not insist
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DRIGGS. i withdraw the motion.
REMOVAL OF TIIE SEAT OF GOVERNMENT.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, Th at a select committee of three members
of the House be appointed and instructed to inquire
into the expediency of an early removal of the seat
of the Government of the United States to some
eligible point on the west bank of the Mississippi,
and the appropriation of the present Capitol, and.
other public buildings, when vacated, as the National
Homes for disabled officers, soldiers, and sailors, their
widows and orphan children; and that they report to
tho noxt session of this Congress.
Mr. WENT WORTH. _ Strike out "west bank
of the Mississippi'' and insert '' south shore of
Lake Michigan."
Mr. PERHAM. I object.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move to suspend the
rules.
The rules were not suspended.
MEXICO.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I asli unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is the duty of the Government to
demand the withdrawal of all foreign troops from
the republic of Mexico so as to leave the citizens
thereof free to govern themselves.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What Government is it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is to leave them
to construct a government of their own. I move
to suspend the rules.
The rules were not suspended.
FENCING AND DITCHING COMPANY.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of
House bill No. 735, to incorporate the United
States Fencing, Ditching, Draining, and Land-
Reclaiming Company which had previously
been suspended.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to know
how it is that the Commit'.ee for the District of
Columbia comes to report a bill which seems
to have dominion of the air, certainly of the
earth, and not of the District of Columbia in
any sense whatever that I can discover.
Mr. COBB. Presuming that the inquiry of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Conkmng]
is made in good faith, I will answer it by stat-
ing that this is not one of those bills that con-
tain a roving commission; but it is confined
to the District of Columbia. The object of
this bill is to enable the inventor of a certain
ditching-machine to organize a company for
the purpose of selling them.
Mr. PRICE. Is it an excavator or a mole
ditcher ?
Mr. COBB. Not being myself versed in the
science I cannot tell.
Mr. PRICE. There is a great dealof dif-
ference between an excavator for ditching and
a mole ditcher.
Mr. COBB. T will state to thegentleman
that the main business to which it is expected
this machine will be put is to assist in building
