1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
some of the numerous railroads that he has
been, instrumental in having chartered this
session.
Mr. PRICE. That is the reason why I asked
(he question. I do not want these railroads
spoiled by a bad kind of ditcher being em-
ployed oil them.
Mr. LATHAM. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] if it is in-
tended that the "pioneer ditcher of Califor-
nia' ' shall run the machine here provided for ?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. COBB. "The pioneer ditcher" is not
interested in this institution, so far as I know.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute reported by the committee; and being
taken, it was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes forty-nine, noes not counted.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
norman wiard.
Mr. MARSTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of Norman Wiard; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar, and
ordered to be printed.
message jfrom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House bill
No. 815, being an act supplemental to the act
to appropriate money for postal services.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled, bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 179) in relation to the district
courts of the United States in the States of
California and Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 247) donating certain lots in
the city of Washington for schools for colored
children in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 324) for the relief of John
Hastings, late surveyor and depositary of pub-
lic moneys at Pittsburg;
An act (S. No. 424) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Temperance Society of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 138) to change
the place of holding the terms of the circuit
court of the district of West Virginia.
national bureau op insurance.
On motion of Mr. MOORHEAD, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were discharged
from the further consideration of House bill
No. 675, for the creation of a national Bureau
of Insurance, and to provide for funding the
indebtedness of the United States; and the
same was laid on the table.
national accident insurance company.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back Senate bill
No. 290, to incorporate the National Life and
Accident Insurance Company of the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
and ordered to be printed.
envelope, paper, and stamp company.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee for the
District of Colombia, also reported back House
bill No. 95, to incorporate the National Union
Envelope, Paper, and Stamp Company of Wash-
ington, with a recommendation that the same
do pass.
Mr. CULLOM moved to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
manufacture OS mineral water.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I am requested by the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McCullough]
to report back, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, Senate bill No. 265, to
protect the manufacturers of mineral waters
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses, with a recommendation that the same
do pass.
No objection was made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE^ I move that the further
consideration of the'bill be postponed until the
second Tuesday in December next, after the
morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE subsequently moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was post-
poned.
The motion to reconsider was entered on the
Journal.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr, COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolledabillofthe following title ;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (Ii. Ii. No. 815) supplemental to the
act to appropriate money for postal services.
evidence of marriages in the district.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back Sen-
ate bill No. 185, to preserve evidence of mar-
riages in the District of Columbia, with a rec-
ommendation that the same do pass.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I notice from the read-
ing of the bill that the certificate of the func-
tionary pel-forming marriage is to be conclu-
sive evidence of the facts therein stated. I
think that is too broad a provision, where so
many important interests relating to property
may be affected. I move to amend by striking
out the word "conclusive," and inserting in
lieu thereof the word "presumptive."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon the third reading of
the bill as amended.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon the pas-
sage of the bill; and upon a division there were
—ayes 32, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move a call of the
House.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 9, noes 45.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BERGEN (at five minutes of five o'clock
a. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question again recurred upon the pas-
sage of the bill to preserve the evidence of mar-
riages in the District of Columbia, upon which
no quorum had voted. .
The question was again taken; and upon a
division there were—ayes 38. noes 27 ; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 36, nays 63, not voting
87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Anderson, Bax-
ter, Benjamin, Bromwell, Cobb, Defrees, Eggleston,
Farasworth, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Chester I). Hub-
bard, James It. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Kuyk-
endall, Latham, Leftwieh, Mereur, Miller, Morris,
Myers, Newell, Nicholson, Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Boss, Sawyer, Van Aernam, Ward, Welker. Stephen
F. Wilson, and Winfield—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Barker, Bergen,
Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall, Sid-
ney Clarke, Conkling.CuIIom, Delano, Eldridge, Eliot,
Ifarquhar, Ferry, Finek, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Ab-
ner C. Harding, Hogan, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Johnson,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz,
Laflin, Georgo V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le
Blond, Marshall, Maynard, McCuIlough, Morrill,
O'Neill, Perham. Phelps, Plants, Price, Alexander
II. Rice, John II. Rice, Ritter, SchenCK, Shanklin,
Stokes, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Bart
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Wentworth, Wha-
ley, Williams, and Wright—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashlej',
James M. Ashley. Baldwin, Banks,Beama'n, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegee,Buckland,Bundy,Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Cook, Cooper, Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, JJumont, Eekley, Goodyear, Grider,
Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Henderson, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, De-
mas Hubbard, John If. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Iluiburd,Humphrey, Jones, Kelso, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston, Marvin, MeClurg, Melndoe, Mc-
Kee, McRuer, Moorhead, Moulton, Niblack, Noell,
Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,William
H. Randal], Raymond, Rogers, Rollins, Seofield,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Spalding,
Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Thayer, Franeis Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Warner, EUhu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, James
]?. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridgc—87.
So tlie bill was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was rejected ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
manufacturers of mineral'water.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (S. No. 265) entitled
" An act to protect the manufacturers of min-
eral waters in the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes," was postponed until next
December.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The motion of Mr. Price was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Eldridge,
Mr. INGERSOLL called the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; andundertheoperation
thereof the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion to post-
pone the bill till next December,
Mr. ELDRIDGE withdrew the motion.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colored mutual building association.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 383) entitled "An act to in-
corporate the Colored Mutual Building Asso-
ciation of the city of Washington," with a
recommendation that it pass.
The question being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading, the bill was
read.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoia] what he
expects these corporators to do under this act.
Mr. INGERSOLL. They are all men of
color, who desire to be incorporated for the
purpose of erecting buildings, which they may
lease to their poorer brethren at cheap rates.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman from
Illinois must know that there is nothing in this
bill which indicates the object for which the
corporation is to be created. The bill simply
proposes to create a corporation to hold and
