1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
not succeed. But I do not wish to occupy the
attention of the committee on this occasion ;
but I hope that on all occasions hereafter there
will be a due degree of fairness shown to every
side of the House. [Applause and laughter.]
I merely wish to say a word to_ the gentle-
man from Illinois, the gentleman from the Ga-
lena district, [Mr. Washbur.vb.] I indorse
the most of his speech. I believe every patriot
and every brave soldier from the rock-bound
shores of the Atlantic to the blue waves of the
distant Pacific will indorse his speech. [Re-
newed applause.] I believe that every brave
sailor who goes forth upon the blue waves of
the ocean to defend this great Republic will
indorse his speech. [Applause and laughter.]
I regret that I have not a few minutes to tell
you what 1 think are the opinions of the sol-
diers of the great West, of the Northwest, some-
times called the inflammable West. They will
speak in tones of thunder, when they come to
the ballot-box, on all such questions as these.
I wish further merely to make a correction
in a reply that I made to a question of a mem-
ber on the other side. I said I would send
fifty gunboats over there, when the gentleman
asked how many vessels would be necessary to
send on this expedition. I should have an-
swered him in precisely these words: I would
send fifty of the best iron-elads that.America
can produce. [Applause.] That is- the best
expedition you can send there. Just so long
as the guns of France, upon the shores of the
Rio Grande, arc thundering as they are (o-day
at the very gates of this Republic, just so long
will our brave soldiers and loyal people be un-
prepared to listen to .any such proposition to
vote away the money of the people on this oc-
casion or at this time, unless you are prepared
to appropriate an equal sum fctf the benefit of
the Orphan's Asylum of the city of Washing-
ton. [Applause and laughter.]
I now withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Cosklixg to strike out the word "ten;'
before the word commissioners," and insert
the word " three.''
Mr. CONKLING. At the suggestion of the
gentleman who ha3 charge of this measure, I
will modify my amendment so as to make it
"five" instead of "three."
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 49, noes 51.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRINNELL. T move to amend by in-
serting after the word •'number" the words
"to be selected from different sections of the
country."
Mr. BANKS. That is right; we will agree
to that.
Mr. GRINNELL. The number now pro-
vided for is ten. I desire to obviate the objec-
tion which has been made that these men will
all be selected from one portion of the country.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 oppose this amend-
ment, and I desire to say that if there is one
thing more certain than another to degradethis
commission, to prevent it from realizing in its
character the ideal of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, it is the provision requiring the
appointment of ten men. We know that it
will be impossible to find ten men of the qual-
ifications described by the gentlemen, who can
all conscnt, for any such compensation as that
provided, to leave this country and remain the
requisite time abroad. And now, if you pro-
vide that these men must be selected as polit-
ical candidates are sometimes selected in a
State convention, according to the claims of
localities, so that one must be taken here, an-
other there, and a third somewhere else, merely
for the salve of dispersing them geographically,
it seems to me that thus, more than in any
other way, you will insure the selection of
unsuitable men.
I will suggest, further for the consideration
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, whether
he does not know that if men are to be selected
to serve in this capacity, to authorize the state-
ments which are to be made to this country and
the statements which are to bo made abroad,
the sending of ten men will so far diffuse and
divide the responsibility that the work of the
commission will be in a great degree every-
body's business and therefore nobody's busi-
ness. The work will not be done so well as if
there were three or five men instead of ten.
I make this suggestion as a practical matter
with a view of obviating the defects of the bill,
for if the measure is to pass I trust that it will
be made as efficient as possible, and will be
relieved as far as may be of the excrescences
with which, in my view, it is now marred.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting before the word " different"
the word "in."
Now, sir, I confess that I do not understand
this subject fully. Portugal last year inaugu-
rated an Exposition at Oporto, and sent to this
country an invitation to send a commissioner;
and one was appointed. I had the honor of
calling upon the Secretary of State in regard
to the matter. He appointed a highly respect-
able gentleman from Philadelphia, a native of
Portugal, but who had resided in this country
fortyyears, a gentleman of wealth. I recollect
that in the commission which was issued to
that gentleman, and which it was my pleasure
to deliver to him, it was expressly provided
that all his services must be rendered at his
own expense, and that be must never present
any claim against the Government for anything
done by him in connection with that matter.
My friend accepted the commission on that
condition, and he undertook and performed
the duty with pleasure, not expecting to charge
the Government for what lie did in an honor-
able position of that kind.
Now, sir, 1 like the idea which has been ex-
pressed by some other gentleman. If the tools
manufactured by us are the best in the world,
why send them abroad as subjects for success-
ful imitation ? For instance, those manufac-
tured by my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ames] are, I believe, the best of the kind in the
world. Now, what folly it would be for him
to send a specimen of his manufactures to this
Exposition so that foreign aitisaus might find
out the secret and imitate them, and thus se-
cure for their tools in the markets of the world
the place which his now occupy. If we should
keep our best inventions at home, and provide
for sending skillful and ingenious men abroad
to this Exposition to study the best inventions
there and bring back new ideas for our benefit,
I could understand the propriety of the proceed-
ing. There might not be as much glory in it
as there is in the magnificent scheme of my
friend from Massachusetts: but, in my view,
there will be no greater glory to be acquired by
the whole proceeding than he has acquired in
describing that glory.
I hope that my friend from Iowa [Mr. Grax-
xell] will accept my amendment. I see that
he shakes his head; so I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BANKS. Unless the committee agrees
to take the question on this section I shall
move that the committee rise.
Mr. SLOAN. I have an amendment to offer.
I move that one commissioner from each State
represented in Congress shall be appointed by
the Go\ernor of that State. If the object of
this provision is to ha^e the resources and the
condition of the country represented at this
Exhibition, it eon be done more carefully and
more justly by having one commissioner from
each State represented in Congress than in any
other way.
Now, sir, for myself. I do not believe it is
very necessary to send commissioners to this
Exhibition simply to talk up the great resources
of this country. I do not think the greatness of
the American people has been underrated in
Europe. They give us fall credit, and what-
ever may be said in reference to talking up the
resources of the country, I do not think it will
add much to that credit. My proposition of
one commissioner from each State represented
in Congress will afford an equal and just repre-
sentation.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say one word in opposition to this amendment.
As I endeavored to explain in my remarks this
afternoon, these ten commissioners are to be
appointed, if at all, for the express purpose of
bringing their scientific and practical knowl-
edge in the different duties intrusted to their
care to bear upon the different groups of in-
dustry exhibited there, and report the results
to the country.
I need not say to the House that scientific
knowledge, mechanical knowledge, practical
knowledge in every department, is absolutely
requisite to qualify any man, in reporting from
that Exhibition to the people of the country, to
give them any instruction whatever.
Take the group of fine arts, or better still of
mining, in regard to which more is known in
ijfgirope as to its practical details than we know
here. We want qualified men to ascertain what
has been accomplished, what has been brought
to light, and to report that to the people of this
country, so that they may practice it in their
application to mining. If the Governor is to
appoint men, instead of men with scientific
knowledge we will have prominent politicians,
who will bring us back nothing but the loss of
the money they have taken for their salaries.
If we are to have a practical result, let us take
men qualified to go there and report to us. It
is far better to send one man for each group.
If we do not do that it is not necessary to send
any at all. I want the House to vote on the
practical necessity and not from political feel-
ing or local jealousy.
Mr. SLOAN. Many of the States have
already appointed commissioners.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, let them be ap-
pointed in addition to these.
The question was taken on Mr. Sloax's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr, BANKS. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa will be adopted.
The question was taken on Mr. Gkixxell's
amendment, and it was adopted.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Four. For the crection of any additional structure
which may become necessni-y for the jiroper exhibi-
tion of any of the material products of the United
States, the sum of $50,000: Provided, That one half
the cost of said structure shall be assessed upon the
owners, proprietors, or exhibitors of the articles and
products for the exhibition of which it is erected, and
good and sufficient guarantees taken for the reim-
bursement thereof to the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. BANKS. The object of this section is
to enable us, if we require it, to obtain additional
spjioe.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the question before the House?
Mr. BANKS. I move to add at the close
of that paragraph these words:
In such form and fubiect to such approval as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall direct.
I offer this at the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Vermont. It is to make the security
to be taken more satisfactory than it is as the
section now stands.
The object of the section is this.; in case
more space is wanted than is assigned, it pro-
vides that an outside building shall be erected
in the adjoining park. Belgium lias appropri-
1 ated money for a similar purpose.
It is further provided that the exhibitors
| shall pay one half and the Government the
, other half, and that the sum shall not exceed
I $50,000.
The question was taken on Mr. BaXKS s
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out that fourth paragraph providing for
the appropriation of S25,000. I do not see why
we should go over there and build buildings m
order to make our exhibition.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the para-
graph which thegentleman has moved to strike
out, by adding thereto the following:
Provided also. That the proceed* of the sale of fht
said structure ahull by puJ4 into tlio Treasury of the
United States.
