1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
opinion based upon rumors, public newspapers,
general reports, the common history or noto-
riety of the time, was but a hypothetical opinion
which would not exeludc a juror, provided the
court should bo satisfied, as this bill now pro-
vides the courts must be satisfied, that the juror
would act impartially upon the case. There has
been this conflict of opinion, and the committee
have justly provided that this provision shall
apply not only to treason eases but to all crim-
inal cases—murder, arson, piracy. And, Mr.
President, from the very necessity of modern
times ana its civilization and the publication of
newspapers and telegraphic reports, it becomes
proper that the law on the subject should be
changed.
Mr. President, there is another consideration
in reference to the matter if this provision
should apply to any trial for treason. It must
be borne in mind that the Constitution requires
on a treason trial the testimony of two witnesses
to the same overt act to insure conviction, so
that by no possibility in a treason case could
this law in any way whatever prejudice the ac-
cused.^ The law does not require the same thing
in a trial for murder, or arson, or perjury, but
in treason it is required.
_ I did not rise to go into an argument, but
simply, as my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts has spoken of the settled law of the coun-
try, to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that there is a great conflict of opinion be-
tween the authorities in the different States on
this subject; and it is known that the courts of
the United States where they sit in the trial of
causes follow the law of the State in which they
sit on the subject of evidence and proceedings
in trials. I have no objection, certainly, to al-
lowing this question to go over until Thursday,
and, if no other person makes the motion, I
move that the bill be postponed until Thursday
next.
Mr. CLARK. I have not the least objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And that it be made the
special order of that day at one o'clock, f" Oh,
no!"]
Mr. CLARK. I do not desire that it shall be
made a special order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well; I move sim-
ply that the bill be postponed until the morning
hour of Thursday next.
Mr. CLARK. It may go over for three or
four days; and after that lapse of time I shall
again call the attention of the Senate to it, and it
can be taken up as may be deemed convenient.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tt is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
joint committee ox reconstruction.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the resolution re-
ferring certain subjects to the joint committee
upon the condition of the States lately in re-
bellion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution w'ill be read for information.
Mr. TRUMB I'LL. We all understand what
it is; there is no practical importance in it; we
are having no disputes on that question ; and
unless the Senator from Rhode Island feels a
particular anxiety to get up that resolution,
which led to some discussion the other day, I
will move that we take up the bill which was
under consideration on Saturday last, and which
comes up at one o'clock to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Rhode Island is before the
Senate, undisposed of.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this resolution is going
to lead to debate, I do not desire to press it,
but I should like to have it disposed of pretty
soon. I am very anxious also that the Senator
from Illinois should have his bill disposed of as
soon as possible. If a vote can be had on this
resolution without further debate, I hope it will
be taken up and disposed of; if not, I will ask
that it be postponed until to-morrow morning,
and made the special order for the morning
hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution indicated by
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not understand that
there will be any debate upon it. I suggest that
the Senate take up the resolution, and if it leads
to debate, I will move to postpone it and make
it the special order for to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following res-
olution, submitted by Mr. Anthony on the 19th
of December last:
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered, all papers
presented to the Senate relating to the condition and
title to representation of the M-called confederate
States shall be referred to the joint committee upon
that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] to in-
sert the words "except credentials" after the
word ''papers."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As my colleague, who
advocated the other day the passage of this reso-
lution, insists, and that seems to be the general
understanding, that the language of the resolu-
tion does not embrace credentials, I shall not
insist upon the amendment, but withdraw it with
that understanding.
The PRESIDENT£>ro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn, and the question is on the
adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
wieedmen's bukeau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. InowmovethattheSen-
at.e proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. CO.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 60) to enlarge the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Cowan
to insert in the seventh line of the first suction
after the word "all" the word "such," and
after " United Stales" the words " as have been
lately in rebellion ;" so that it will read:
That the act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of
Freedmen and Refugees, approved March 3,1865, shall
continue m force until otherwise provided bylaw, and
shall extend to icfu^ees and freed wen in all such parts
of the United States as have been lately in rebellion,
and the President may divide the section of coun-
try containing such refugees and freedmen into dis-
tricts, &c.
Mr CRESWELL. I sincerely hope that that
amendment will not be adopted. There is as-
suredly a necessity for the operation of this bill
in the State which I in part repre-ent on this
floor. I have received within the last two or
three weeks letters from gentlemen of the high-
est respectability in my State asserting that
combinations of returned rebel soldiers have
been formed for the express purpose of perse-
cuting, beating most cruelly, and in some cases
actually murdering the returned colored soldiers
of the Republic. In certain sections of my State
the civil law affords no remedy at all. It is im-
possible there to enforce against these people
so violating the law the penalties which the
law has prescribed for these offenses. It is,
therefore, necessary, in mv opinion, that this
bill shall extend over the State of Man land.
So far as the amendment applies to my State,
I object to its operation, and I hope the Sen-
ate will concur with me in so objecting.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it will be re-
membered by Senators that from the time the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumkuix,] on the
22(1 day of Inly, 18G1, reported in favor of mak-
ing free the slaves used by rebels for military pur-
poses, down to the triumphant passage through
the House of Representatives the other day of
the equal suffrage bill for the District of Colum-
bia, timid friends and opponents alike have in-
dulged in predictions in regard to the results of
our legislation here. Although in all cases their
prophetic utterances have been falsified by time
and the facts, and though the records of the coun-
try will show to all coming time that they were
wrong and the friends of the series of measures
were right, that anti-slavery measures weakened
the enemies and strengthened the friends of the
country, that anti-slavery measures lifted up our
country in the eyes of the Christian and civil-
ized world, and brought down upon it ths bless-
ings of Almighty God, they still continue to
prophesy and to oppose the completion of the
great work that will establish universal liberty
in our country.
When we had before us in 1861 the little bill
to make free the slaves used for military pur-
poses, Senators prophesied, or expressed their
apprehensions and fears, and the only Senator
who was right among them all was John C.
Breckinridge, who said that that measure was
the beginning of the breaking of all bonds.
When we abolished slavery in the District of
Columbia Senators predicted that this District
"would be ruined, that the jails would be filled,
and that universal anarchy and confusion would
reign here.
fir. GRIMES. And that there would be an
insurrection here.
Mr. WILSON. And they prophesied, as the
Senator from Iowa suggests, that there would
beaninsurrectionhero. Every prediction made
on that occasion has been falsified by four years
of history.
When we proposed, in 1862, to make free
the slaves of rebels we were told that it would
strengthen the confederacy and weaken the
cause of the country. We passed that bill, and
it weakened the enemies of the country and
strengthened the friends of the country.
When we put the rifle into the hand of the
black soldier to fight for the country,we were told
that he would not fight; that white men would
not fight with him ; that the policy would
strengthen the enemies of the country and
weaken the cause of the country. We put mus-
kets into the hands of one hundred and seventy-
eight thousand black soldiers, and on many bat-
tle-fields they fought and bled for the country
with a heroism unsurpassed, and the white sol-
diers of the Republic fought with them, bled
with them, and died with them for a common
country. The enemy were driven, in the last
hours of the rebellion, to offer liberty to their
own slaves if they would fight for the confed-
eracy ; but the slaves spurned the offered lib-
erty, though ready to die for the old flag, now
radiant with the beauties and glories of freedom.
When the proclamation of emancipation was
issuedbyAbraham Lincoln, we were told by timid
fiiends that the country would be ruined, that
our cause was lost, and that the friends of the
country andof impartial freedom would be over-
whelmed by the indignation of the people. That
act that gave freedom to three and a half mil-
lion men, and made Abraham Lincoln's name
th e most preeiou s name of this century, strength-
ened immensely the cause of the country, and
broke the backbone of the rebellion.
When the constitutional amendment, the great
crowning act, was proposed, we had the same
timid friends, doubting and halting and prophe-
sying; and joining with opponents they fought
it inch by inch; but it passed both Houses of
Congress, has been sustained by the country,
and is stronger to-day than any party or set of
men yi the land.
We all remember that when the bill for the
establishment of this Freedmen's Bureau was
before us the same prophecies were made, the
same apprehensions expressed, and the same
kind of opposition made that has been made to
all the long series of glorious measures that have
tended to the emancipation of o race and to the
strengthening of our country; and these proph-
ecies and apprehensions, too, have all been falsi-
fied by the action of that bureau during the last
six months. I say, sir, that the man does not
live with powers great enough to express the
positive good that bureau has done, and none
but Almighty God knows the evil it, has pre-
vented. I say here to-day that millions upon
millions have been produced by the establish-
ment of that bureau that would not have been
produced had it never been established. Last
springwben the rebellion went, down there were
in the rebel States three and a half milliou
freedmen without work or property. They felt
they were free ; they may have had wild no-
tions of what freedom brought to them; they
