1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2368
a State had been found to assert the right of
controlling all the commerce through its limits
to go over one channel to the exclusion of an-
other. I think it would have astonished us to
be told that a State had started such an au-
thority ; but it has been asserted, and it is
gravely argued that we are bound by it. I hope
that will not be the conclusion of the Senate.
I do wish that the Congress of the United States
could be emancipated some time or other from
this notion, that not only was it bound by the
authority of the people of all the States, but it
.was bound in every direction by the authority
of any one of the States. I am as strict a con-
structionist of the Constitution, it seems to me,
as anybody ought to be; I am as jealous of
allowing the Government of the United States
to interfere in what arc the domestic concerns
(to use an old-fashioned, and, I thank God, _au
out of fashion form of expression) of a State ;
that is to say, what concerns its own people, its
own affairs, and its own prosperity alone. But
the commerce which moves between NcwYork
and Philadelphia is not an affair which con-
cerns the State of New Jersey. That is an affair
which concerns all the United States, and con-
cerns vastly more the States of New York and
Pennsylvania than it does the State of New
Jersey. That is not a domestic interest; that
is not a domestic concern; that is not a do-
mestic affair. That is one of the affairs which,
as I said in the outset, was the very purpose of
adopting this Constitution, in order to place it
under the control and under the direction of
the United. States of Amcrioa; and if this au-
thority claimed on the part of New Jersey is
affirmed any longer by the Legislature of the
United States, you have sacrificed, you have
voluntarily abandoned, one of the dearest inter-
ests you ever had, or can hope to have, in the
Government.
Mr. CRESWELL. I propose to make a few
remarks upon the pending bill; but before en-
tering upon what I have to say, I desire to sug-
gest ah amendment to the bill as it now stands.
It is to insert as an additional section the
following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That Congress
may, at any time hereafter, alter, amend, or repeal
this act at pleasure.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no need of the
words " at pleasure."
Mr. CRESWELL. It is not a very long
section, and if there should be two or three
words in excess, I do not think they will do
much damage. It will not be much of a trial
to the gentleman's eyes to read the whole of
the amendment.
Mr. President, this measure has engaged the
attention of the Senate during the greater part
of the last session and during so much of this
session as has passed. One matter which has
excited my suspicion somewhat with reference
to the question, has been the difficulty of bring-
ing its advocates to a precise presentation of
their case. When we come to inspect the bill
we find, in the preamble of it, that gentlemen
claim to pass it under three of the powers
granted to Congress in the Constitution. When
driven from the refuge which they seek under
any specified power, they immediately resort
to a second, and if driven from that, to a third,
and if driven from the third, they then claim,
under the combined powers of all, that Con-
gress has the right to pass this bill.
I shall refer particularly to the argument of
the learned Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] with reference to the constitutional
power of Congress over this subject, because
from the known, acknowledged ability of that
gentleman, his untiring industry which, like
faith, seems sometimes to move mountains, and
his immense erudition, I am satisfied if no
authority can be found under the Constitution
for the passage of this bill by that gentleman,
it is only because none exists.
In the preamble to the bill, the power to pass
it is claimed, first, under the clause to regulate
commerce among the several States; second,
the power to establish post roads: and third, the
authority to raise and support armies; and the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts consid-
ered those powers in the order in which they
are named. For the purposes of my argument
I shall reverse his line of proceeding.
He cites, as his only authority for the power
as claimed under the clause to raise ana sup-
port armies, the action of the last Congress
with reference to the general management of
the railroads of the country. I can hardly think
that the Senator, upon reflection, would claim
that act as a precedent, or insist that Congress
should now exercise the power which it did by
that act, namely, to place all the railroads in
the country under the specific and exclusive
charge of the military authorities; for that is
the precise language of that act. A clause of
the first section authorized the Government—
"To place under military control all the officers,
agents, and employf'sbelonging to the telegraph ana
railroad lines thus taken possession of by the Presi-
dent, so that they shall be considered as a post road
and a part of the military establishment of the Uni-
ted States, subject to all the restrictions imposed by
the Rules and Articles of War."
The second section provided that all attempts
b/ any parties whatever to interfere with the
exercise of the power granted in the bill should
bo punished "as a military offense by death or
such other penalty as a court-martial may
impose."
The third section authorized the appoint-
ment of three commissioners to assess the
damages suffered by reason of the seizure of
the railroad or telegraph lines under the act.
In the fourth section it was provided—
"That tho transportation of troops, munitions of
war, equipment?, military property, and stores
throughout the United States shall be under the
immediate control aud supervision of the Secretary
of \V.ir and such agents as ho may appoint; and all
rules, regulations, articles, usages, and laws in con-
flict with this provision are hereby annulled."
The fifth section declares—
" That the provisions of this act, so far as it relates
to the operating and using said railroads and tele-
graphs, shall not be in force any longer than is ne-
cessary for the suppression of the rebellion."
The very authority which the gentleman cites
shows that the power which he claims is some-
thing altogether different from that which was
exercised in that case. That was an exercise
of the military power of the Government dur-
ing the war in an effort to protect and to pre-
serve itself; but as the rebellion has been sup-
pressed no such necessity now rests upon the
Government to claim the exercise of any such
power, and of course it cannot exist. Indeed,
by the terms of the law it is no longer opera-
tive.
In thfe next place, this power is claimed
under the clause of the Constitution with ref-
erence to the establishment of post offices and
post roads. It is nowhere stated, and it can-
not be stated with truth, that in any part of
the country over which it is now proposed to
extend the authority of Congress there is any
denial of the right of tho Government to
transmit mails. I believe that every railroad
company in the land is already subjected to
that clause of the Constitution, and willingly
submits to the authority of the Government
in the transmission of its mails. One thing is
certain: they are all anxious to secure con-
tracts for that purpose with the Government,
and so far from the States attempting to inter-
fere with it, it is their manifest interest to offer
every possible facility for the transmission of
the mails with a view to the accommodation
of their own citizens; and the difficulty is, not
that the States refuse to the Government the'
use of their roads for postal purposes, but that
the States cannot procure from the General
Government a sufficient number of post offices
and the assignment of a sufficient number of
post roads. Applications come every day to
the Government for that purpose.
The power, if it exists anywhere, must exist
under the clause to regulate commerce. I was
somewhat amused at the argument adduced by
the Senator who has just taken liis seat. He
began by calling this a "little bill," and he
said it was as harmless as any man's walking-
stick, but before ho took his seat he showed
that that walking-stick had assumed the dimen-
sions of a huge bludgeon, with which he would
knock out the brains of every railroad com-
pany in the land. It had, in his hands, and
according to tho powers that he claimed for
the General Government, sufficient power to
destroy the active capital now invested in rail-
roads, amounting to $1,200,000,000; because
he distinctly claimed that in the Wheeling bridge
case the Supreme Court had decided that Con-
gresshadtheriglitto construct railroads, through
and overany oftheStates without their consent.
Mr. HOWE. It was the Constitution that
I made the bludgeon out of, not this hill.
Mr. CRESWELL. Very good. The gen-
tleman seeks by this bill to exercise the power
in whole or in part. His argument was that
Congress had the power, not only to prescribe
terms and to confer additional franchises upon
railroad corporations already existing under
the authority of the States, but that Congress
had the right to make railroads and, in the
exercise of the power over internal commerce,
to create corporations for that purpose. Now,
sir, I know tnat I may be charged with temer-
ity, and that I may perhaps subject myself to
a rebuke from the Senator from Wisconsin and
the Senator from Massachusetts, when I state
that in my opinion the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States imposes some limitation upon the
power of the General Government, and that
the people who ordained and established that
instrument did not thereby confer imperial
powers upon the Government of the United
States. That may be a grave offense. If so,
I apologize to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. No ; the Senator does not owe
mc any apology. I simply want to say that
over the subject of the regulation of commerce
I think the Constitution does confer on this
Congress imperial power.
Mr. CRESWELL. So far as it goes; but
the question is, how far does it go? The gen-
tleman extends it so far as to destroy all the
powers and all the rights of the States. He
makes not only tho power as granted by the
fathers in the Constitution imperial and exclu-
sive, but he denies all power to the States over
their own soil. He usurps from them the exer-
cise of the right of eminent domain.
The argument of my distinguished friend
becomes a little more significant when we look
at certain bills which have recently been intro-
duced into the House of Representatives; and
of which it would seem that this bill is the
forerunner. One of them is House bill No.
96, " to provide for the construction of aline
of railway communication between tho cities
of Washington and New York, and to consti- '
tute the same a public highway and a military
road and postal route of the United States;"
and upon looking through that bill, I find in
tho sixth section thereof this provision:
That said corporation is hereby empowered to pur-
chase, lease, receive, and hold such real estate or
other property as may be necessary in accomplishing
the objects for which this incorporation is granted;
and may, by their agents, engineers, contractors, or
workmen, immediately enter upon, take possession
of, and use all such real etate and property as may
bo necessary for the construction, maintenance, and
operation of their said railway, and the accommoda-
tions requisite and appertaining thereto. But all
real estate or property thus ontered upon and appro-
priated by said corporation, which are n ot donations,
shall be purchased by said corporation of the owner
or owners of tho same, at a price to be mutually agreed
upon between them. And in case of disagreement's
to price, and before the final completion of said rail-
way and its appurtenances, tho said corporation, or
the owner or owners of such real estate or property,
shall apply by petition to one of the justices of the
Supreme Court of tho United States.
And he is to appoint commissioners to view,
value, condemn, and appropriate the land.
I challenge tho gentleman from Massachu-
setts, with all his erudition, and I challenge tho
gentleman from Wisconsin, with all his ideas
of a liberal interpretation of the Constitution,
to adduce one solitary instance wherein any
such power has been claimed or exercised by
tho Congress of the United States. That there
are some things which the Congress cannot do
in the exercise of its powers over foreign and
domestic commerce there cannot be a doubt.
There are two classes of powers which * are
