2364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
May 3,
vested in the General Government under the
Constitution ; one consists of powers affecting
relations which grow out of the Union itself as
between different States ; the other consists of
powers in relation to matters over which, pre-
vious to the adoption of the Constitution, the
States themselves had exclusive jurisdiction,
and which previously existed in the States;
and the doctrine has been maintained in.the
courts, so far as I have been -able to gather it
from the decisions, that as to the first class of
powers Congress may exert exclusive jurisdic-
tion without an exclusive grant of power in the
terms of the Constitution j and that as to" the
other it required from the States an exclusive
grant in terms in the Constitution; otherwise,
it was not vested in the General Government.
Now, sir, that the States have the exclusive
right to their own territory, and had before the
adoption of the Constitution, nobody can doubt j
and 1 think it has been reserved for these latter
days for gentlemen gravely to maintain that the
General Government can, for the purpose of
commerce, take without the consent or author-
ity of the States a portion of their territory.
Why, sir, the Constitution provides, in so
many words, that exclusive authority over any
portion of the States, even for the purposes of
forts and dock-yards, cannot be acquired by
the United States except by the consent of the
States; and if there is anything of authority
due to the opinions of the eminent men who
in the early history of the Republic were deemed
the expounders of the Constitution, the gentle-
man will be left without even the shadow of a
doubt from which to draw comfort. I have
some books before me containing the opinions
of three persons who are, I admit, somewhat
old fashioned. One of them is Mr. Madison,
another Mr. Jefferson, and the other is Mr.
Hamilton. Mr. Hamilton in his day was con-
sidered rather a liberal interpreter of the Con-
stitution, and was the acknowledged leader of
the latitudinarian school, as it was called; but
it seems he was far behind the learning of this
advanced age. Mr. Hamilton, in his great argu-
ment, as submitted to General Washington on
the power of the Congress of the United States
to establish a corporation for the purposes of.
the National Bank, excludes from the powers
of the General Government all authority to
make any work of internal improvement requir-
ing that they should appropriate any portion
of the land within the States without their con-
sent j but I will refer first in order to what oc-
curred in the Convention to form the Consti-
tution of the United States. J. quote from
Elliot's Debates, volume live, page 543:
"Dr. Franklin moved to add, after the words
*post roads,' article one, section eight, a. powor 'to
provide for cutting canals whore doomed necessary,'
"Mr. Wilson seconded the motion."
This was a motion to amend a clause now in
the Constitution. I may say here that in that
day railroads were unknown, and canals were
the only great mode of intercommunication
between distant points for heavy articles of
commerce.
"Mr, Sherman objected. The expense, in such
ca3es, wiil fall on the United States aud the benefit
accrue to the place* where the canals may bo cut.
"Mr. Wilson. Instead of bemgan expense to the
United States they may be made a sourccof reven ne.
"Mr. Madison suggested an enlargement of the
motion into a-power 'to grant charters of incorpo-
ration where the interest of the United States might
require, and. the legislative provisions of individual
btates may be incompetent.
Mr. Madison was a friend of the motion ; he
desired to have the power granted to the Uni-
ted States.
" His primary object was. however, to secure an easy
communication between tho States, which the fiee
intercourse now to be opencdseemed to call for. Tho
political obstacles being removed, a removal of tho
natural ones, as far as possible, ought to follow,
" Mr. JIaxdolph seconded the proposition.
".Mr. Kixo thought the power unnecessary.
"Mr. Vvilsox. It is ncces&ary to prevent a State
from obstructing the general welfare."
Putting it upon the very ground gentlemen
now do.
"Mr. Kixa. The States will be prejudiced and
divided into parties byit. In Philadelphia and New
Xorkitwillbo referred to the establishment of a bank,
which has been a subject ofcontentionin those cities.
In other "places it will he referred to mercantile
monopolies."
Precisely the ground upon which gentlemen
now claim the power.
"Mr. Wilson mentioned the importance of facili-
tating, by canals, the communication with the west-
ern settlements. As to banks,he did not think, with
Mr. King, that tho power, in that point of view, would
excite the prejudices-and parties apprehended. As
to mercantile monopolies, they are already included
in the power to regulate trade,
"Colonel Mason was for limiting the power to the
single case of canals. He was afraid of monopolies
of every sort, which he did not think were by any
means already implied by the Constitution, as sup-
posed by Mr. Wilson.
"The motion being so modified as to admit a dis-
tinct question, specifying and limited to the case of
canals— . . .
"Pennsylvania, Virginia, Georgia, ay—3; New
Ilampshiie, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jer-
sey, ^Delaware, Maryland, North Carolina, South
Carolina, no—8.
"The other part fell, of course, as including tho
power rejected."
Thus it appears that there was a flat refusal
on the part of the' Convention to insert that
power in the Constitution $ but there are some
other authorities. Mr. Madison at a lete
period of his life, January 6, 1881, in a letter
to Mr. Reynolds Chapman, "who seems to have
written a treatise, which was highly esteemed,
on the constitutional powers of the Govern-
ment, used the following language:
" Canals as an item in the gcneralimprovement of
the country have always appeared to me not to be
embraced by tho authority of Congress. It may be
remarked that Mr. Hamilton, in his report on the
bank, when enlarging the range of construction to
the utmost of his ingenuity, admitted that canals
were beyond the sphere of .Federal legislation."
Again, in the same letter, Mr. Madison said:
" Perhaps I ought not to omit the remark that al-
though I concur in the defect of powers in Congress
on the subject of internal improvements, my abstract
opinion has been that, in the case of eannls particu-
larly, tho power would have been properly vested in
Congress.
"It was more ttian once proposed in the Con-
vention of 1787, and rejected, from an apprehension
chiefly that it might provo an obstacle to the adop-
tion of the Constitution." * * * *
" It cannot be denied that the abuse to which the
exorcise of the power in question has appeared to be
liable in the hands of Congress is a heavy weight in
the scale opposed to it. But may not the evil have
grown, in a great degree, out of a casual redundancy
of revenue, and a temporary apathy to a burden
benring indirectly on the people, nnd mingled, more-
over, with the discharge of debts of peculiar sanctity?
It might not happen, under ordinary circumstances,
that taxes even of tho most disguised kind would
escape a wakeful control in the imposition and appli-
cation of them. Tho late reduction of duties on
certain imports, and tho calculated approach of the
extinguishment of the public debt, nave evidently
turned the popular attention to the subject of taxes
in a degree quite new, and it is more likely to in-
eroaso than to relax. In the event of an amend-
ment of the Constitution guards might be devised
against a misuse of tho power without defeating an
important exercise of it. If I err, or am too sanguine
in the views I indulge, it must be ascribed to my
conviction that canals, jailroads and turnpikes are
at once the criteria of a wise policy and causes of
national prosperity; that tho want of them will be
a reproach to our republican system, if excluding
them; and thatthoexclusion, to amortifyingextent,
will ensue if tho power be not lodged where alone it
can have its due effect."
Mr. Madison was as zealous an advocate for
railroads, canals, and other improvements as
any gentleman on this floor, and yet he frankly
admitted that no such power existed, and could
only be exercised by the Government after a
constitutional amendment granting the power.
One of the most important and interesting
state papers upon this subject of internal im-
provements, under the powers of Congress, is
tho report that was made by Mr. Albert Gal-
latin, April 4, J 80S. After reviewing tho prin-
cipal works of internal improvement, as they
then existed in the country, or had, at that day,
been projected, Mr. Gallatin proceeds to con-
sider the question as to how far and in what
way the General Government might afford
assistance to those works; and he says:
"THc manner in which the public moneys maybe
applied to such objects, remains to be considered.
"It is evident that the United States cannot under
the Constitution open any toad or canal wiiliouttho
consent of the State through which such road or canal
must pass. In order, therefore, to remove every
impediment to a national plan of internal improve-
ments, an amendment to the Constitution was sug-
gested by the Executive [referring to Mr. Jefferson]
when the subjcct was recommended to tho considera-
tion of Congress. Until this be obtained, tho assent
of the Statea being necessary for each improvement,
the modifications under which that assent may be
given, will necessarily control the manner of apply-
ing the money. It may be, however, observed that in
relation to the specific improvements which havo
been suggested, there is hardly any which is not either
already authorized by the States respectively, or so
immediatelybenefieial to them as to render it highly
probable that no material difficulty will be experi-
enced in that respect,"
Then I have before mo the message of Mr.
Jefferson, in which he recommends that Con-
gress propose a constitutional amendment for
the adoption of the States for the very purpose
of conferring upon the General Government
this power.
Now, sir, I have given, the opinions of Mr.
Hamilton, Mr. Jefferson, and Mr. Madison,
who were considered as the respective heads
of the three great schools of constitutional in-
terpretation, and they all agree in the opinion
that there was no such power in the General
Government. But the Senator from Wisconsin
cited with some degree of satisfaction an opin •
ion delivered by Mr. Justice McLean on that
subject, from which he drew an inference favor-
able to his view of the question. The gentle-
man forgot a decision made by the same learned
judge, reported by himself in the sixth volume
of his lieports, page 524, in the case known as
the Rock Island bridge case, in which he says,
upon the precise point—
"Under the commercial power Congress may de-
clare what shall constitute an obstruction or nui-
sance by a genera.l regulation, and provide for its
abatement byindictment or information through the
Attorney General; but neither under this power, nor
under the power to establish post roads, can Congress
construct a bridge over navigable water. This be-
longs to the local or State authority within which
the work is to be done. But this authority must be
so excreised as not materially to conflict with the
paramount power to regulate commerce.
"If Congress can construct a bridge over a navi-
gable water under the power to regulate commerce
or to establish post roads, on the same principle it
may make turnpike or railroads throughout thecoun-
try. The'latter power has generally been considered
as exhausted in the designation of roads on which the
mails are to be transported; and the former by tho
regulation of commerce upon the high seas, and upon
our rivers and lakes. If these limitations are to be
departed from there can be no othors except the dis-
cretion of Congress."
Without further reference to the hooks, I
think, Mr. President, it is perfectly safe to
leave the question of constitutional power on
the authorities cited. And unless gentlemen
can controvert these authorities it seems to me
they havo no standing before the Senate in
claiming that any such power should be exer-
cised. I am aware, however, that when driven
from the open field they will say that the argu-
ment does not apply to them, because they do
not attempt by this bill to exercise any such
power, inasmuch as they do not propose to
build a railroad. But if we look at the bill, it
will be found to authorize all railroad compa-
nies throughout the country .whose roads are
worked by steam to carry upon and over their
roads, connections, ferries, boats, and bridges,
all passengers, troops, Government supplies,
mails, freight, and property on their way from
any State to another State, and to receive
compensation therefor, and to connect with
the roads of other States so as to form contin-
uous lines for the transportation of the same
to the place of destination. It authorizes thc3e
roads to carry freight and passengers and to
charge compensation therefor, and to connect
with other roads throughout the country.
Now, sir, either the bill is worth something
or nothing. If it conveys no power, invests in
these roads no right which did not exist under
State authority, then the bill is utterly useless
and nugatory ; but I apprehend that the friends
of this measure expect to accomplish some-
thing by the legislation they propose. They ex-
pect that these roads will, under the provisions
of this bill, derive and exercise rights and fran-
chises which have been denied to them by the
States. This bill if it be operative at all must
confer privileges which do not already exist.
That, in my judgment, is the exercise of the
same power, not perhaps the same in extent,
but certainty the same in kind, which is claimed
by those who assert that the General Govern-
ment has the power to construct railroads and
to build canals from one end of the Union to
