B324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J line 21,
with its contents, shall exceed two pounds.in weight,
for every additional pound or fractional part thereof,
one cent.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause, in line thirty-five hundred
and thirty-seven, by inserting the word "fur-
ther" before uamended."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirty-five hun-
dred and forty-one I move to strike out the word
" whettcr" before the word u made," and after
the woil "made" to strike out the words "in
whole or," so tliat it will read* "on cigar-
lights made in part of wood," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to in-
sert after line thirty-five hundred and sixty-six
the following:
That section one hundred and seventy-one be
amended by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided also, That no claim for drawback on any a% -
tides of merchandise exported prior to June 30,1864,
shall be allowed unless presented to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue within three months after
this amendment takes effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
That section one hundred and seventy-nine be
amended by striking out all after the onacting clause
and inserting in liou thereof the following: that,
where it is not otherwise provided for in this act, it
shall be the duty of the collectors, in their respective
districts, and they are hereby authorized, to prose-
cute for the recovery of any sum or sums that may bo
forfeited by virtue of this act: andallfines, penalties,
and forfeitures which may be imposed or incurred by
virtue of this act shall and may be sued for and re-
covered, where not otherwise herein provided, in the
name of the United States, in any proper form of
action, or by any appropriate form of proceeding,
before any circuit or district court of tho United States
for the district within which said fine, penalty, or
forfeiture may have been incurred, or before any
court of competent jurisdiction; ond where not other-
wise herein provided for, such share as the Scerotavy
of the Treasury shall by geiigral regulations provido,
not exceeding one moiety, nor more than $5,(XX) in
any one case, shall be to tho use of tho person, to bo
ascertained by the court, who shall first inform of the
on u.-e, matter, or thing, whereby any such fine, pen-
alty or forfeiture shall have been incurred, and the
remainder shall be to the use of tho United States;
and when any sum is paid without suit, or before
jii1 Igiiieiit, in lieu of fine, penally, or forfeiture, and
a shai^ of the same is clahncd by any person as in-
former, Hie Commissioner of Internal Revenue, sub-
ject to '.lie approval of the Secretary of tho Treasury
and under such general i ovulations as the saidSeerc-
taryf-hnllpre^*vi'jr> udou application,shall determine
wIvMier nny claim-mi is entitled to -nich share, pnd
to whom the s imo .-shall be p.ud. And thosevcral cir-
cuit nnd <lis! i-iotf v ui tooH:,.c United Stale* shall have
Jiii'i-du'* :on of nil oil": n^c-s against any of the provis-
ion^ of (his a<*t committed within their several dH-
trh.t*: Pioviil'il. Tin'I no revenue officer or other
por..o-.i onueo'ed with or in tho employ of the Treas-
urv Department, or any branch thereof, shall be en-
titled to receive or shall bo intoieslod in any share
allowed to an informer under tho internal revenue
laws in an\ ca->e with vhi'-h ^ae'i revenue officer or
other por-on, i>v< afore^id, shall be hereafter in any
in in nerolIici.il ly eon u octet!, unless such are shall be
reenvor^d by tho judgment of a court ol competent
jurirdiefion; nnd if any Mich ofiieer or person as
aforesaid shall receive from anv informer, or from
any applicant for an informer's .-hare, either directly
or indircctly, nny sum of money or other valuable
consideration for or in eon.--equonce ofiiis services in
obtaining such informer's share, or m consideration
of his interest in such informer's share, uxoept as
hereinbefore provided, such person shall, on con-
vielion thereof, bo punished by fine not exceeding
$10,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding one year,
or both, at the discretion of tho court, with costs of
prosecution. It is hereby declared to be tho true in-
tent and meaning of the present nnd of a]l previous
provisions of internal revenue acts gianting shares
to informers, that no right accrue* to or is vested in
an informer many cascuntil theflno, penalty,or for-
feiture in Mich ear-o is fixed by judgment or compro-
mise, and when paid or collected tiie infoimcr shall
become em'itlcd to his legal share of the amount
so adjudged or agreed upon. And ■provided juiihcr,
That the Commissioner of Internal Kovcnue,subject
to the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, nnd
under such regulations as the said Secretary shall pre-
scribe, shall be, and is hereby, authorized and em-
powered to compromise any cace not pending in
court, or if pending, with the approval or tho court
having jurisdiction of the case: Provided, That when-
ever in any civil action for a penalty the informer may
be a witness for the prosecution, tho party against
whom such penalty is claimed may be and shall be
admitted as a witness on his own behalf. .Everyper-
son who shall receive any money or other valuable
thing under a threat of informing or as a considera-
tion for not informing against any violator of this
act, shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a
fine not exceeding $2,000, or by imprisonment not ex-
ceeding one year, or both, at tho discretion of the
court, with costs of prosecution.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to this clause, after the word
"jurisdiction," in line thirty-five hundred and
eighty-nine, to strike out the following words:
And where not otherwise herein provided for, such
share as the Secretary of the Treasury shall by gen-
eral regulations provide, not exceeding one moiety,
nor more than $5,000 in any one case, shall be to the
use of the person, to be ascertained by tho court,
who shall first inform of the cause, matter, or thing,
whereby any such fine, penalty or forfeiture shall
have been incurred, and the remainder shall be to
the use of the United States; and when any sum is
paid without suit, or before judgment, m lieu of fine,
penalty, or forfeiture, anchva share of the same is
claimed by any person as informer, the Commissioner
of Internal llevenuo, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and under such general
regulations as the said Secretary shall prescribe upon
application, shall determine whether anyclaimant is
entitled to such share, and to whom the same shall
be paid. And the several circuit and district courts
of the United States shall have jurisdiction of all
offenses against any of the provisions of thi? acteom-
mitted within their several districts: iVotucfcc?, That
no revenue officer or other person connected with or
in the employ of the Treasury Department, or any
branch thereof, shall bo entitled to receive or shall
be interested in any share allowed to an informer
under the internal revenue laws, in any case with
which such revenue officer or other person, as afore-
said, shall be hereaftor in any manner officially con-
nected, unless such share shall be recovered #y the
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; and
if any such officer or person as aforesaid shall re-
ceive from any informor, or from any applicant
for an informer's share, either directly or indirectly,
any sum of money or other valuable consideration
for or m consequence of his services in obtaining
such informer's share, or in consideration of his
interest in such informer's share, except as here-
inbefore provided, such person shall, on conviction
thereof, be punched by fine not exceeding £10,000, or
by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or both,
at the discretion of tho nou: t, with costs of prosecu-
tion. It is hereby dec-hired tobe the true intent and
mea-nlngof the present and of all previous provisions
of internal rev en uc acts gran ting pharos to inform eis,
that no right accrues to or is vested in an informer
in any ca so until the fine, penalty, or forfeiture in
such case is fixed oy judgment or compromise, and
when paid or collected the informer shall become
entitled to his legal shnre of the ainonntso adiudged
or agreed upon. And provided further, That the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, subject to the
approval of tho Secrciaiy of the Treasury, and under
such regulations as the said Secretary shall prescribe,
fdjall be, and is hereby, authorized and emnowcred
tocompiomise nny ease not pending in court, or if
pemHug, with the approval of the court having juris-
diction of the ease.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And where not otherwise provided for herein,such
sliaro a4! lhet Secretary of the Ti ea.^ury shall by gen-
eral regulations provide, not cxceediner oik* mo in [,y
nor more than $5,000 in any ono ca^e,shall be to the
use of the person, to be ascertained by the court,
which shall have imposed or deemed any such fine,
penalty, or forfeiture, who shall fir^t inform of the
cause, matter, or thing whereby f.uch fine, penalty,
or forfeiture shall havebeenineurred; ami when any
sum is paid without suit, or before judgment, in lieu
of fine, penalty, or forfeiture, and a shareof thosmne
is claimed by any person as informer, tho Secretary
of the Tioasury, under general diieotions to be by
him presciihod, shall determine whether any <d.iim-
nrt is entitled to such shaie«ys abovo limited, and to
whom the same shall bo pi:id, and shall make pay-
ment accordingly. It ih hereby declared to be the
truo intent and meanine: of the present and ?11 pie-
viou* provi-ions of intcinrd icvonue acts planting
pharos to in formers that no right a ecru es to oris ve.-d ed
in an informer in any case unlil tho fine, penally,
or forfeiture in such ea-e is fixed by iudemont or
compromise and tho amount or proceeds shall have
hen paid, whr-n tho iuihrnmr shall become entitled
to his lejral share of tho pumadjudged or agreedupon
and received : Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to limit or affect, tho power
of remitting the whole or any poj tion of a fine, pen-
alty, or forfeiture conferred on the Secretary of the
Tieasnvv by oxisiinglaws. The OommisMoner of In-
ternal Kevenue shall be. and is hereby, authorized
nnd empowered to compromise, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe,
anv case arising under the internal revenue laws,
whether pending in court 02 otherwise. The several
eireuh and district courts of the United States shall
have jurh-diefion of all offenses nirainst any of the
pi ovi?.ions of this act committed within their several
districts.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the further
reading of the bill be dispensed with for to-day.
and that the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
It will then come up as the unfinished business,
I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not if it
is postponed by a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Then I will withdraw
that motion, and move that tho Senate adjourn,
as I do not desire to go further to-day.
The motion was agreed to 5 and the Senate
atljourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 21, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojt.
The Journal of yesterday -was read and
approved.
PACIFIC BAILRGAD.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a correction of
the Journal. I find that Senate bill No. 817,
in relation to the Pacific railroad, is recorded
as having been taken from the Speaker's table
and referred.to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. Being unwell yesterday I went out,
and came in just as I supposed the Clerk was
reading it, and I made a motion to lay the bill
on the Speaker's table. A bill was laid on the
table but it proves not to be No. 317. I hope
there will be no objection to letting it lie on
the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise to state that I
was watching the same bill as well as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and it is no mis-
take of the Journal'though it may be a mistake
of the gentleman. On behalf of my constit-
uents, who are deeply interested in that bill, I
wish it to go to the committee of which my
friend from Pennsylvania is a member. I want
him to examine it in theconimittce, and there-
fore I must object to the proposition.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not ask to make any
disposition of it now except to lay it on tho
Speaker's table.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I cannot consent to
that.
Mr. STEVENS. If I had been well I should
have asked no such favor.
Mr. WENTWORTH. It is a matter of great
interest to my constituents.
Mr. STEVENS. I will reciprocate the court-
esy at the proper time.
hiciiakd a. law.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to call
up the motion to reconsider the vote by which
Senate joint resolution No. 100, for the resto-
ration of Commander Richard L. Law to the
active list from the reserved list, was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. WA.SHBURNE, of Illinois. How docs
this come in?
The SPEAKER. By a motion to reconsider.
It was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and a motion was entered to reconsider
the vote by which it was referred. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts now calls it up as
a privileged motion.
Mr. WASIIBCTRNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to embarrass this joint resolution, but I do
desire to have an amendment made to it, and
I ask the gentleman to withdraw his proposi-
tion now and make it at some other time. I
desire toadd the name of B. Livingston Breese,
a most meritorious young officer.
Mr. RfCE, of Massachusetts. This bill has
passed the Senate and has been considered by
the Committee -011 Naval Affairs in its present
form nnd unanimously approved.
Mr. WASHB URN E, of Illinois. I do not
think that my proposition is out of place, it
will not delay the passage nf the bill more thru
a clay, and I think I can explain that it isv.uy
proper that the amendment should come in. £
have just returned to the House after along
absence, and the amendment I offer is one in
which I am very much interested.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I must insist
on the passage of this bill as it now stands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the bill be read? and then I will submit my
amendment.
The bill was again read.
Mr. WASHBLTRNE, of Illinois. I now
move to amend the bill so as to include S.
Livingston Breese. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will not object to that.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The case to
which the gentleman refers has never been
examined by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
