1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The. motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to move another amendment which, I think,
will meet with the unanimous approval of the
committee. I propose to strike out in line
twenty-three, the words "one half," so that it
will read:
That the cost of said structure shall be assessed upon
the owners, &c.
Let lliose parlies who have the benefit of the
Structure pay for it.
Mr. STEVENS. That would not amend it
at all. It would leave the appropriation of
$25,000 in. I think this whole section ought
to be stricken out, or else let the exhibitors pay
one half. As I understand the bill now it pro-
vides an appropriation of §125,000 altogether.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; the $25,000 for the
structure is included in the $100,000. Tl^
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] will pro-
pose an amendment limiting the expendi-
tures under all circumstances to $100,000, to
■which I shall agree. The $25,000 is included
in the $100,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it ought to be
made more specific.
Mr. BANlvS. An amendment such as I
have indicated will be offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. I propose to offer that
amendment at the proper time.
The question was taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Wasiibukne, of Illinois, and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
paragraph by inserting after the word '1 struc-
ture " the words "including such fish-ponds as
may be necessary for the exhibition of American
fishes."
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not applicable to the bill.
Mr. CONKLING-. I do not see that the
amendment is out of order. I submit to the
Chair whether it is or is not. I do not see why
we should not be permitted to carry our fish
there.
Mr. BANKS. I think that is inapplicable to
this section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. CONKLING. My motive in offering
this amendment is to call the attention of the
committee and of the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to a message
which has just come in from the President of
the United States, and which 1 hold in my hand,
dated March 12,18GG, transmitting a very volu-
minous correspondence, which I have not been
able to read, showing the pressing necessity of
our participating in an exposition of '' fishery
and water culture" which is to take place in
July within one hour's ride by rail of Bordeaux.
The package of papers accompanying the mes-
sage is so imposing and elaborate, and so im-
pressive in some of its statements, as almost to
lead mo to believe that this is the real Exposi-
tion and that the Parisian affair is rather a side
show. [Laughter. ]
Mr. BANKS. A discussion on this subject
is not in order. That message has been referred
to a committee of this House, and it cannot bo
debated or acted on at this time.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not propose to de-
bate it.
The CHAIRMA N. The Chair supposes that
the gentleman merely refers to it. as a part of
his argument.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; I merely use
it as part of my remarks. I want especially
that my remarks shall show what this paper
recites, that "in view of the fact that the peo-
ple of the United States are more extensively
engaged in cod. whale, and oyster fishing than
the people of any other nation," it is of prime
importance to them that they participate in
this Exposition.
As my time does not allow me to read all
this document, and as the gentleman from
Massachusetts does not like me to talk about
it, I beg to assure the committee that I have
examined it far enough to see that it holds out
very tempting inducements indeed, so that I
fear that the machinery so economically and
properly devised in the resolution now before
us will have to be duplicated in order to em-
brace the great and obvious benefits which
appear in this proposition.
Now, I am not sure that it can be carried
into this section by the amendment I offer pro-
viding for fish-ponds for the exhibition of prod-
ucts of this kind, but I hope the amendment
may be of some avail at least in the way of
suggestion, and that the inventive genius of the
same gentlemen who have given us this measure
will enable them to carry out the idea practi-
cally, so that we may embrace both objects at
once.
Mr. STEVENS. What kind offish does the
gentleman mean?
Mr. CONKLING. Cod-fish and whale;
especially whale. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York insist on his amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. No, I will withdraw it,
unless some gentleman wishes to speak upon it.
Mr. LE BLOND. Does the gentleman from
New York withdraw his amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. I said that whether I
withdrew it or not would depend on whether
any gentleman wanted to speak to it.
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 hope the gentleman will
not withdraw it.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not if the gentle-
man wishes to oppose it.
Mr. LE BLOND. Oh, yes, sir; because I
oppose the whole bill. I do not propose to de-
bate it; but I hope the gentleman will insist on
his amendment and let us take a voie upon it.
I believe that one of the great arguments of
the gentleman wlio introduced this joint res-
olution in its favor is that we shall exhibit to
the Old World all the facilities we have here for
making money and for easy and cheap living.
Well, certainly one of the greatest induce-
ments we can offer to the people of the Old
World to emigrate to this country—and we
need laborers—is that they can live hero cheaply
because we have fish in abundance, and even
frogs, and I hope the gentleman will provide
also for a place in which to keep frogs, for there
are certain portions of this country that pro-
duce thorn in great abundance.
Mr. THAYER. Say '' and other reptiles."
Mr. LE BLOND. Yes, certainly other rep-
tiles, and I suppose you would not have to go
out of this Hall to find them. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER, lake "copperheads."
Mr. LE BLOND. Yes, and "niggerheads,"
and make proffer of them to the European
people as an inducement to them to come and
settle among us.
It is suggested to me by my friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross] that the committee of fifteen
should also be presented, and I believe that
would bo a very excellent thing to induce these
people to come over here and learn the man-
ner of our legislation, that things are done
under cover, and that even testimony is taken
anil published for electioneering purposes.'.
Mr. STEVENS. Thegentleman talks about
things being done "under cover." Did the
gentleman vote against publishing the evidence
reported by the committee of fifteen?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens?]
Mr. LE BLOND. Not at all.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I will not ask him
the question; otherwise I would.
Mr. LE BLOND. That committee is cer-
tainly a national curiosity. I believe that for
many years nothing of this kind has ever been
known in the polities of Great Britain; and if
we can lake something new of that kind in the
shape of legislation there, it will certainly he a
novelty that will induce the people of France
and Germany to come here and take up their
abode with the American people.
It is also suggested to me that we ought to
take the Freedmen's Bureau bill there. Very
well; that would bring all Africa here, the most
desirable portion of the Old World. [Laugh-
ter.]
A Member. How about the veto ?
Mr. LE BLOND. I thank God for the veto!
Perhaps it would not be liked there, so we will
keep that back. But let us take all of these
American curiosities over there, and I know
that in a, very short time our American vessels
will all be filled with emigrants coming to this •
country.
Sir, I believe I have almost, talked myself
into a belief that this joint resolution ought to
pass, and I do not know but that I shall vote
for it, considering all the benefits that will
result from it.
The question was taken on Mr. CoxKLMre's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Washbutrxe, of Illinois, and
being put, it was not agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to add to the fifth
paragraph the following:
Provided, That in no contingency shall any further
or greater sum than $100,000 be paid from the national
Treasury for the purposes contemplated by this joint
resolution.
Mr. BANKS. I agree to that amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend the amendment so that it will read:
The entire expense of this Exhibition shall not
exceed $100,000 in currency, including the expense of
sending national vessels to .France.
The CHAIRMAN put the question on the
amendment to the amendment, and announced
that it appeared to be decided in the negative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
a division on the question. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] said that all
they wanted wSs $100,000.
Mr. BANKS. That is all we do want.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why not
vote for this amendment, then? I demand a
division on the question.
The committee divided, and there were—
ayes 22, noes 70.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question recurred np&n the amendment
of Mr. Spalding, which was modified to read
as follows:
Provided, That in no contingency shall any further
or greater sum than $100,000 in lawful money of the
United States bo paid li'oin the national Treasury
lor the purposes contemplated by this joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word, in
order that I may inquire of the mover whether
or not he means the proviso he has offered to
include the expense of loading ships.
Mr. SPALDING. I will answer the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Conkling] by say-
ing that the mover intends just what the lan-
guage expresses, and nothing more.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the mover be so
kind as to afford us over here his construction
of the language? [After a pause.] I want
to understand, I think every one wants to un-
derstand, what this proposition really means.
I think there surely can be no misunderstand-
ing that the friends of this measure gave us to
suppose that $100,000 in currency was to be
the utmost limit of expense. And yet this
committee, the friends of this measure lead-
ing off, votes down a proposition which says
that in somewhat particular phrase. And the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SrALDixo] seems
to decline to say that in his opinion the amend-
ment which he has offered means that and no
more.
Now, I think that without being captious I
have a right to ask that this amendment shall
be so modified as to conform to the understand-
ing which we had all around here ; that is, that
the sum of $100,000 shall be applied, not to
special expenses, but to the entire expenses
of this proceeding. And if there be any doubt
about it, as I judge there is, [ will move to
amend the amendment by adding the words,
" including the chartering or sending of ves-
sels."
