1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2363
the other; an argument just as strong can be
made against the one as against the other upon
the general principle of want of power.
The companies are authorized to carry pas-
sengers and freight "upon and over their
roads," &c., and "to receive compensation
therefor." Now, sir, if it be doubted whether
these companies have or can have under any
bill passed by Congress any#ight to charge
tolls, certainly that argument may be applied
to this bill; and the same objection may be
made to that provision in regard to compensa-
tion. But the object of the bill, as it is claimed
by its friends, is to destroy monopoly; and the
only case cited by gentlemen who argue in favor
of its passage is the case presented by the con-
dition of affairs in New Jersey. It should be
considered that under the phraseology of this
bill these railroad companies are only "au-
thorized" to connect with other roads. They
are not obliged to connect with other roads;
and, in my judgment, the result will be that
they will exercise such a discretion that all the
stronger roads will unite to the exclusion of
all the weaker, and instead of a monopoly con-
fined to the State of New Jersey, you will have
a monopoly stretching from Boston to New Or-
leans, and wielding an amount of capital that
will be strong enough to draw all the trade of
the country along the lines of their railroads,
■and so far to paralyze the spirit of enterprise as
to prevent the construction of any other roads
to compete with them ; so that if I am right,
this bill, instead of destroying existing monop-
olies, will rather operate the other way. It
will serve as a nursery for monopolies, and will
enable one great monopoly, by destroying all
competing roads, to exert a pernicious influ-
ence upon the legislation of the country and
all its industrial interests.
Mr. President, I am not speaking in the in-
terest of any railroad company; I am as will-
ing as the friends of this bill to destroy all
monopolies wheresoever found; but I do speak
in the interest of the State which I in part rep-
resent upon this floor. I object to the passage
of this measure because I believe it will have
a most injurious effect upon the commercial
interests of the country, and especially upon
the great interest which is now known as the
railroad interest. Sir, gentlemen talk of the
exercise of the power of constructing railroads
by the States as if, instead of having accom-
plished more than the industry and enterprise
of peaceful men ever accomplished before in
the history of the world in the same period,
they had been resting supinely and had really
accomplished nothing. The Census Report
for 18b0 shows that in the preceding decade
there had been built lines of railroad stretching
over 22,204 miles, and that in the same period
$854,900,681 had been invested in railroads in
this country. All that money was invested
upon the security afforded by State charters;
much of it was brought from abroad; and a
large part of it was gathered from other locali-
ties than those in which the roads were con-
structed. If Congress shall now assume the
right to revise these charters and to restrict
them, notwithstanding the fact that ever since
the adoption of the Constitution no one has
claimed such a right, and that it has been con-
ceded that the authority to construct railroads,
canals, and all works of internal improvement
except so far as the Government might aid
them by making contributions in money or
lands, belonged to the States, the effect, in my
judgment, will be most disastrous upon this
great interest.
How is it with my own State? I find, on
looking over the last report of the comptroller
of the State, that Maryland, without any aid
from extraneous sourecs except what capital
she could borrow upon her State faith, has
invested in public improvements the sum of
$35,844,816. Of that money she has lost en-
tirely $27,000,019, and all that she received
from all sources in the shape of income from
her investments in internal improvements,
amounted during the last year ending 30th
September, 1865, to $544,162 82. On all this
sum of nearly $36,000)000 she has received
about one and a half per cent, in the way of
returns.
It is not only unconstitutional but it is unjust
in the extreme for Congress to attempt to usurp
this power at this late day. To do so is to
cripple the States most seriously in their re-
sources. To do so is to cause Maryland as one
of them to lose, not only the $27,000,000 of
unproductive capital which she has invested in
these works, but the $7,764,797 which are still
productive.
Gentlemen from the West will bear with me
while I present to them one consideration touch-
ing this subject. The policy of Maryland has
always been most liberal upon the subject of
internal improvements. She has exerted her-
self to the utmust to facilitate the commercial
connections between the several States. She
has never presented herselfas a barrier between
the States of the North or the East or the West
and the national capital. She has afforded them
facilities to an extent which almost proved ruin-
ous to her own financial system.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator allow
me a word?
Mr. CRESWELL. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to dispute
the assertion of the honorable Senator from
Maryland as to the policy of his State, but I
wish to make a suggestion now in regard to the
great road of that State to which he alludes,
which I think will not do him or the road or
the Slate of Maryland any harm. I think that
there are complaints and just complaints to be
made against the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
company, and as one of the small eomplamts
which they ought at once to avoid, is the diffi-
culty they interpose in transporting baggage
and passengers through the city of Baltimore.
Mr. CRESWELL. The Senator will pardon
me ; I will inform him that I am not the bag-
gage master of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but the Sen-
ator was saying that the State of Maryland and
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company had
been very liberal. It seems to me that they
have not been so liberal.
Mr. CliESWELL. I spoke of the State of
Maryland, not of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road.
Mr. SHERMAN. You cannot speak of the
State of Maryland in this connection without
speaking of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Mr. CRESWELL. I was speaking of the
conduct of the State of Maryland with refer-
ence to the promotion of the commercial inter-
ests of the nation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will make another
complaint against the State of Maryland. Up
to this time theStateof Maryland and the State
of Pennsylvania—for I make the complaint
against both of them—have stood in the way
of a railroad between Cleveland and Pittsburg
and Washington city—a road that must some
time or other and that ought to bo speedily
built—a road which if it had existed during
the recent war would have saved this Govern-
ment two or three million dollars. I speak
within limits when I say that.
Mr. CRESWELL. Does the gentieman refer
to the Connellsville road?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; that is part of the
line. I know the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
has been interested in completing it from Pitts-
burg to a connection with their road, and
thence to Baltimore. Now, the people of the
United States, and especially the people of the
State that I represent, in which there is a great
deal of feeling about this matter, desire the
construction of a railroad from the capital
of the Government through Pittsburg to the
Northwest.
Mr. CRESWELL. I can only state to the
gentleman that the State of Maryland, and I
believe the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, are zealously aiding in that effort, and
the "fact is that the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
although I have no authority to speak for that
company, is actually engaged m the construc-
tion of a road from the city of Washington, to
the Point of Rocks.
Mr. JOHNSON. My colleague will permit
me to state what they are doing) as perhaps. I
know it better than he does.
Mr. CRESWELL. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Baltimore a,nrl Ohio
Railroad Company and the city of Baltimore
both are exceedingly anxious to have the Con-
nellsville railroad completed. A charter was.
obtained from Pennsylvania for that purpose,
and a charter from Maryland. The Maryland
charter authorized the company chartered by
Pennsylvania to come.to Cumberland, so as
to connect with the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road. Owing to causes which it is unneces-
sary now to mention, Pennsylvania after hav-
ing granted a charter to that company repealed
it; repealed it upon the ground that the com-
pany had not complied with the conditions of
the charter. There was some suspicion that
the cause of that repeal was to prevent the
trade coming to Baltimore. Whether that is
true or not is immaterial. There is a suit now
pending between the Connellsville Railroad
Company and another company chartered by,
Pennsylvania, in which the validity of the
repealing act is in issue. I tried a cause in-
volving that question in the circuit court at
Williamsport, Pennsylvania, during the last
summer, and the judges there decided that that
law was unconstitutional. The controversy is
not yet settled. That question was upon a
motion to dissolve an injunction. But since
then I am glad to say to my friend from Ohio
that under a charter granted by Maryland, the
object of which is to bring the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad more directly in connection with
Washington than it is now by virtue of the
existing road, a route has been surveyed from
the Point of Rocks, coming through the neigh-
boring county of Montgomery, and the com-
pany are about to commence that work at once,
and I have very good reasons to believe that
tnat road Wui be cc:r.pl?W in a very short
time, the effect of which will be to gif e a dsreet
communication from the city of Washington,
to the West, which everybody must see is very
desirable. Whether if such a communication,
had existed before two or three million dollars
would have been saved to the Government is
perhaps problematical, because the great ex-
pense and trouble to which the Government
was put, and to which the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company was subjected, was from
the raids upon that road, and those raids would
have applied just as well to a road continu-
ously running from this District to the nearest
point upon the Baltimore and Ohio railroad as
upon the road as it existed.
My colleague will pardon me for adding a
word further. The late lamented President
of the United States and the present Secretary
of War have over and over again told me, and
they have communicated it officially to the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, that
the service rendered by that road to the Uni-
ted States during the rebellion was invaluable.
It not only saved thousands and thousands of
dollars, but it saved this capital. One of the
feats which they achieved at the iustance of
the Government, and without which perhaps
we might have been defeated at Richmond,
was bringing forty thousand soldiers of Gen-
eral Sherman's army to the relief of the capi-
tal in order to join Grant's army. They brought
the whole of them, I think, in two'Or three
days, without losing a man or losing anything
connected with that branch of the Army, even
a camion or anything else; and they were as
speedily as possible sent to the front, by that
means enabling General Grant with the force
he before had to accomplish the victories which
were so priceless in their results, and have
thrown so much splendor upon his own name.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had not quite, completed
the charge that was made against Maryland.
I do this not from any unfriendly feeling to the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, which is one of
the great arteries of the commerce ot the West,
but for the purpose of directing the attention
