1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3325
I must insist on the passage of the bill as it is. :
I shall be entirely willing to consider the ease
iu committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I do not
rnsh to embarrass the gentleman's bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is aware
of the fact that it is very doubtful whether his
amendment is in order, as this is a private bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Very well;
then I will not press my amendment.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachuseets, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed: and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES presented additional papers in
the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections, and
ordered to be printed.
REORGANIZATION OF TREASURY DEL'AUTMEXT.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to reorgan-
ize the Treasury Department and fix the pay
of its officers; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
I will say that last year tke sum of $230,000
was appropriated to be distributed by the Sec-
retary of tne Treasury at his discretion among
the employes of his Department. That gave
rise to great dissatisfaction. A bill has ie-
cently passed the Senate of a similar kind, but
upon conversation with members of the House
1 was quite satisfied that a bill of that char-
acter could not pass the IIouso. It is apparent
that many of the employes of the Treasury
must have their pay increased or their sc r\ ices
cannot be retained. The Treasury Depaitment
has been informed that in order to give any of
these parties increased pay a bill must be passed
fixing it definitely. In pursuance of that sug-
gestion this bill has boon prepared, and while it
will reorganize the Treasury Department it will
retain about the same number of employes, and
instead of increasing the expenses of the De-
partment $200,000 it will only increase the
expenses $85,000. I ask for the reading of a
letter from the Secretaiy of the Treasury on
the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department. Jhm 18,1806.
Snt: I transmit herewith a hill reorganizing tho
Treasury Department, nml earnestly urge the favor-
able action oi Congress thereto.
It hax boon piepared ;iml i ceommended to mo in
the strongest manner by the headset bureaus as
highly essential to tho discipline and eilictency of
their respective office-?; and in their \ iews ot this bub-
jeet I entirely ink1 fully concur.
I have to refer you to my report on the finances
for 1805. which contains the reasons lor the increase
of salaries oi tho valuable employee of this Depart-
ment, and respectiully stale that the necessity for
such increase still exists to the serious detriment of
public business.
It is proposed in the present bill to create an addi-
tional class of clerks, who will be couriered in all
tho offices, save the Secretary's and Treastuer's, as
ehiefsof divisions; at present the only distinction
there is between penons at the head of each division
and subdivision and the fourth ela^s cleiks under
them is the additional compensation given without
an appointment.
The present organization was marie in l&A and the
Department lias incica.^cd to foui tuuea tho number
of clerks then authorized.
In lSo.> there were lour hundred and eleven clerks
in all the bureau*; there are now two thousand and
five.
The present orirnmzati.on is estimated to cost for
the fiscal your uid.ns June CO, ISou, $>Z817,K38: this
with the $250,000 appropriated March 2,1805, for tcm-
poiary clerks and additional compensation to clerks
(the balance of which nowremainmg unexpended, is
proposed by Con<?ic>t« to distribute anions the grades
of employee \vho>e saicu-iec arc under $] ,2')0! will mnkc
the lotal expense ot the Department >>3,057,3oS. The
proposed organization will eo^t per annum
making the additional expfn-c undi rthmcw organ-
ization but 52-3,43-! pci annum. Tin1 per-**.>j)t .<?<; upon
all salaries undo; S 1,000 per annum, Uinima'es by
limitation with tho end of \ lih fi> -,t,l3 car. Thi.- al-
lowance has afforded niareiial aid to many w«n thy
and useful subordinates of the Department who would
otherwise have been unable to support themselves
and families. The majority of those benefited have
either served personally in tho Army and Navy or
rendered other honorable and \ aluable assistance to
the Government. The cessation of thepereentage at
this time would be a serious cause of embarrassment,
unless some mode of relief id furnished such as is pro-
vided in thisivor^aimation.
I am, vei y respectfully, s II. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasunj.
Hon. Justix S. ISioinuL'L, ^OhairTUin Committee of
and Means, Uouse of Itcpraoitatiocs.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask a question
or two, as this is rather an extraordinary bill.
This whole matter has been before the Com-
mittee 011 Appropriations. The Secretary ofthe
Treasury reported to us that of the $250,000
appropriated for contingent expenses, he had
used $25,000, giving it to the higher-class
clerks, and asked Congress to dispose of the
residue, $22.k<)00, so as to take it out of his
hands. Our committee, live months ago, went
on and made that distribution as they thought
right. The bill we proposed was passed and
went to the Senate, and 1 learn now that since
all that was done, tin* Secret at j of the Trea.-ury
has undertaken to distiibut e this very fund, and
has given it to the heads of but cans and the
hi" her-class clcrks again in defiance ofthe action
of the House which he had himself invoked.
I understand this movement now to be—if I
understand the movement at all—to take this
matter away from the committee who have it
in charge, (o whom ihis very matter was re-
ferred upon its ret urn from the Senate. Now,
F do not know what motion the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Mosuull] lias made; but when
he comes to make anj motion I shall move
that tins whole subject be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. And ifihe subject
is now before the House 1 will move that it
be relerrod to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont, | Mr. Mouuilt,,] as ehairmanof the Com-
im<tco of Ways and Mean*, has the right to
report a bill at any time for recommitment.
Tho gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
ven's j moves to amend by referring the bill to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL. The subject was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. I be-
lieve so far as t hat eonunittee is concerned we
are notdispos( d to magnify our ofliec at all, or
to grasp any business that does not propeily
belong to us. This subject was properly referred
to the Committee of Wtus and Means as a re-
port from the Treasury Department. Under the
rules it is a proper subject to be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. The bill con-
tains no appropriation, and does not take from
the Committee on Appropriations any subject
which they have now before them. It only
proposes to legislate for the future, to reorgan-
ize the Treasury Department, so that hereaher
there will not be that complaint which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's j now
makes, and 110 doubt justly. 1 trust, there-
fore, that the motion made by me to have the
bill printed and recommitted to the Committee
of Way1- and Means will be received. I have
nothing further to add, and therefore call the
previous question.
Mr. SC1IENCK. 1 hope the gentleman will
give way to have the proceedings of tho last
meeting of the Johnson departmental club read
: before calling the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL. I musfcdecline at present.
When the mutter is again reported the gentle-
man will have an opportunity to have the pio
eeediugs of the Johnson club or any other club
read.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordeied ; which was upon the
motion of Mr. Stkvlxs to amend the motion
of Mr. Moutull by striking out '"Ways and
Means" and Inserting "Appropriations."
The question wus taken 5 and upon a division
there noro—oyes di, noes -19.
Beion- the result ofthe vote was announced,
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevexs
and Mouuill were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 45, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SCIIENCK said: I call for the yeas
and nays. I am sorry I had not the opportu-
nity to show what kind of speeches are made
and resolutions adopted in the Johnson de-
partmental club by men whom the Secretary
of the Treasury should have dismissed long
ago, out of regard to decency and propriety,
but whom he still retains in office.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 70, not voting
05; as follows:
YEAS—Mossrs. Ames, Delos It. Ashley, Beaman,
Jjeniamin^ Bidwell, Blaine, 'Cromwell, Broomall,
Cook, Delrees, Abner C. Hardmy, lligby, Holmes,
iJotehkis*, Romas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, In-
Kcrsoll, Julian, Ka-sson, KcJley, William Lawrence,
Loan, Lon^ycar, Lynch, McClurg, Mcrcur, Miller,
Moulton, O'Neill, Orlh, Paine, Pnce, Sawyer,
Sehenck. Seofield, Stevens, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bndi'.c, Upson, Van Aernam, and Stephen F. Wil-
son—11.
MAI'S—Messrs. Alley, Allifou,Aneona,T>akit.Bald-
win, Banks, Barker, Reriicn, Boutwell, Boyer, liuek-
lnnd,CotIYo?h,<JoukIiii£, (Julloin, J)avis«, Dawes, Daw-
son, Pe,inin;r, Donison, Donnelly, Dumonf, Eldridgrc,
Eliot, Fat quhar, Finck.UarHeld.Glossbreunci,Good-
year, Grider, Grisvvold, Aaron (hiding,Hayes, Hen-
derson, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Keir, ICetcham, Kuykendail,
Lntham, (jleoifco V. L:uvtenco, Le Blond, Maiston,
Marvin. MeRucr, Mom head, Monill, Newell, Nib-
kick, Nicholson, Peiham. Pike. Pomeroy, Samuel
J. Randall, William 11. Randall, Alexander ii.Rice,
John 11. Riee, Hitter, Kollnr-, Shellabuiper, Sit-
prroaves Spaldrnv, StihvHl, Shoiw\ Tuber. Thorn-
ton, Trimble. Ward. ftlihu 1  Washburne, Henry JD.
"Washburn, William B. Washburn, M'elker, Went-
wot t h, fT;t uu •• l'\ W'I-oti , and Wi^fu Id —1 '5.
NO'C V() L'lXG—Anderson. JameoM. Ash-
ley, Baxter. Bu^'hani, Biow, Brandcicc,\ Bondy,
Ohanler. Reader W. Clatke, f-'idncv C'iai-k<\ Cobb,
Culver, Dailinc, Delano, 3>i\on, Dodjre, Dricr^s. 3l!c-k-
lev, l!]ir;rlesion. Famsworth. Ferry, (irinnoll. Hale,
llair^, ilari, Hill, Hojran. Fd'.vni N. Uubhell, .hones
R. llnbboli, Hulhuxl. Jent-kes, Jolnjfton, Jones,
Kelso. JLaiiin, Marshall, MeC'ulloiuvh, Mctndoe, M<*-
Kee, Morris, Myers, Noel J, P.il teixon, Phelps, Plants,
Rauford, Raymond, Rojceiir, Ro.-s, Rouleau, .Shank-
lin, 8!oan, Smith, Shur, Tayhn'. Thayer, Franids
Thomas, Hurt Van Horn, RobertT. Van Horn, War-
ner. "Whitley, Williams, Wmdom, Woodbiidfje. and
Wright—05.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Moniinj,, that the bill be printed and recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means,
the motiun was agreed to.
leave of1 ai^bnc$.
Mr. IIOLMES asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Van
Aek^ui.
Mr. DAVIS asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence for Mr. Raymond until Monday next.
enuoblki) bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Dills, reported that they bad ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles: when tho
Speaker signed tho same:
An act (if R. No. 402) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced under the authority of law, and lor
other purposes;
An act (If. U. No. GC1J changing the name
of Eniil Cohen;
Joint resolution (It. H. No. 148} to author-
ize tho distubmirm of surplus copies of tho
American State Papers m the custody of tho
Secretary of the Interior; and
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 100) to pay the
State of Vermont the sum expended for the
protection of the frontier against the invasion
liom Canada in 1801.
it.ixtixo nJX'U.N&TilL'CTIO.N report;'.
Mr. LATHAM. I report from tho Com-
mittee on Printing the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be fifty thousand exh-a copies
of each uf the ieports noni tiie^eoiijindiee on reoon •
stiuction prmt'-d tor the in-e of tae members of this
H oin'e.
Mr. Speiiker. 1 desire to nuik'e a short expla-
nation. Of the three members of this com-
