1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
Mr. BANKS. That amendment has just
been disposed of.
Mr. yONKLING. Ibegpardon; theamend-
ment just voted down had a great deal more
than this in it.
Mr. RAYMOND. I suppose my colleague
[Mr. Coxklixg] means by his amendment to
limit the expense which the Government shall
incur to $100,000. He does not mean, I sup-
pose, to include in that sum the expenses which
may be incurred by individuals or by States.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly not. But I do
not want hereafter to find that we are in this
dilemma: that having said that $100,000 shall
be the whole expense to the Government of this
proceeding, then under the order of the Pres-
ident, or under the direction of the Secretary
of the Navy any such sum as the Secretary
speaks of in his letter has been expended in
the transmutation of war vessels into freighting
vessels and then back again. Therefore I de-
sire to have the words included which I have
suggested.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Coxklinu,]
that what he proposes to add to the amendment
of my colleague [Mr. Spalding] will make it
rather more ambiguous than it now is.
Mr. CONKLING. I think not. I ask that
the amendment be read again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the words suggested
by the gentleman from New York be added to
the amendment, it will raise the entire question
whether in the expense of chartering vessels
and transporting goods from this country to
Europe and back again, is meant to be included
the cost of the rent of the vessel, and the
money that shall be paid to J^ie sailors and
officers, and the general expense of the Navy
in maintaining the establishment during that
time. It seems to me that the words suggested
legitimately raise all that question. Now, as
I understand it, it is proposed that beside giv-
ing the use of our vessels we shall appropriate
$100,000 in money lor this purpose. I do not
Understand that the money hereby appropriated
includes the pay of the sailors, the rent of 'the
vessels, or any othe* expenses that would be
incurred if these vessels were not in this spe-
cific service. It looks to me that the words
suggested by the gentleman from New York
raise that very question, and make it, to say
the least, somewhat ambiguous.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gaupiei.ii] be kind enough to inform
las whether the amendmeut of his colleague,
[Mr. Spalding,] as it stood before my addi-
tion, avoids all question as to the matter of
•which he speaks; and if it does, will lie tell
lis whether it does not expressly except ves-
sels, either the chartering or the sending of
them ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I take it for granted, sir,
that under the amendment of my colleague
Only $100,000 can be paid out of the Treasury
for the expenses of this enterprise, not count-
ing the ordinary expenses of maintaining those
vessels in the service of the United States. I
Can see no room for any other construction.
But if the exception suggested be added, it then
opens the whole question whether we are not
bound to pay out of this $100,000 the oflicers,
the sailors, and all the ordinary expenses of
those vessels, which I think ought not to be
included.
Mr. SPALDING. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. I did not answer the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Coxklixg] because
I supposed that I had in my amendment made
the matter as explicit as the English language
would permit. 1 intended that no more money
than $100,000 in currency should be paid out
by onr Government for the objects contemplated
by this joint resolution. I did suppose that if
we had national vessels that, could be used in
this business without drawing from the Treas-
ury any more money to fit out and prepare them,
they might be used, the expense forming no
part of this amount of $100,000; but if one
dollar extra should be drawn from the Treasury
to fit those vessels for the purpose, that extra
expenditure would be included in the $100,000,
or it would not be paid at all. That is my idea.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me that the
second section explictly authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Navy to incur expense outside of
the $100,000; for it authorizes him to transfer
from the naval fond the expenses of fitting out
these vessels. That section contains this pro-
vision :
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ised to transfer from the general naval a ppropriation
to the account ot tlie Exposition at Pans any ex-
penses necessarily incurred in preparing vessels as-
signed to this duty, for receiving and transporting
articles and products intended lor exhibition.
Mr. BANKS. That is to be struck out of
the bill. I have given notice of an amendment
striking out the second and third sections.
Mr. SPALDING. The bill will be amended
to correspond with this proviso.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that I am very much surprised at the cap-
tious character, as it seems to me, of the ob-
jections which have been urged against this
bill. This measure, in my view, is one of too
much importance and has too wide an appli-
cation to the diversified interests of this coun-
try to be treated as the bill has been treated
by somo of the gentlemen who oppose it. I
most certainly hope that the members of this
House will not allow so important a measure
to be defeated iu consequence of (he compai-
•atively small expenditure that will be required
to effect the great object proposed to be ac-
complished.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. For the purpose of terminat-
ing debate on this section, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the coram iitee vo--o: and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly House bill No. 52, to provide for the
expenses attending the exhibition of the prod-
ucts of industry of the LTnited States at the
Exposition at Paris in 1867, had come to no
resolution thereon:
Mr. BANKS. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of this bill,
debate on the pending section terminate in one
minute.
The molion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to: and the House
accordingly resoved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Sir.
Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair.) and resumed
the consideration of House joint resolution No.
0:2. to piovide for the expenses attending the
exhibition of the products of industry of the
UnitedStatesatthe Expositionat Paris in 1S67.
The question was taken on Mr. Coxklixg',s
amendment to the amendment, and it was
disagreed to.
Mr. Spalding's amendment was then agreed
to.
Mr. AYASHBURNE. of Illinois. I move
to add to the end of tlfls fifth paragraph the
following:
And said commissioners shall report to Congress
the maimer in which this expenditure is made.
Mr. BANKS. I agree to that.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. of Illinois. I move
another amendment, that no part of the money
hpreby appropriated shall he expended until
the French troops are withdrawn from Mexico.
[Laughter and applause.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read; as follows:
Sec. 2. Andbeit farther resolved, That the Secretary
of theNav y be, and hereby is, authorized and directed "
to furnish, at the request ot the Secretary of State,
one or more public vessels for the transportation
from New York to France and return ot such articles
and products of the United States as may be offered
under^the direction of the commissioner at Sew Yorb,
for exhibition at Paris; and the Secretary of the Navy
is hereby authorised to transfer from the general
naval appropriation to the account of the Exposition
at Paris any expenses necessarily incurred in pre-
paring vessels assigned to this duty, for receiving
and transporting articles and products intended for
exhibition.
Mr. BANKS. I move to strike out the sec-
tion which has just been read, and to insert in
lieu of it what I send to the Chair.
The Clerk read, as follows:
And be it further resolved. That, the President be
authorized and requested to furnish oneormore pub-
1 ic vessels for transportation from Xew Yorlt to France
of such articles and products of the industry of the
United States as may be offered and accepted by the
general agent at A c.v \ ork for exhibition at Paris.
Mr. BANKS. I make this amendment strik-
ing out the Secretary of the Navy and inserting
a provision that it may be made by the Presi-
dent of the United States at the suggestion of
my colleague, [Mr. Rice,] the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs. I think it
is a proper amendment and hope it will be
adopted.
Air. Chairman, I want to call the attention
of the committee to the fact that there is no
expense to be incurred in sending these ves-
sels whatever except in possession of the ves-
sels and employment of officers of the Govern-
ment. The language is explicit and cannot be
mistaken.
I do not know on what ground the Secretary
of the Navy has written the letter read in the
debates to-day, but I will say it has no appli-
cation whatever to the proposition before the
committee. If the President has not the ves-
sels which can be properly appropriated for
this purpose, without requiring them to be dis-
mantled and without changing them from frig-
ates to freight vessels, he will not comply with
the request. If the Government have such
vessels without changing their condition then
the request will be granted.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it farther remhed, That the com-
missioners at New York and Paris be, and are hereby,
authorized and directed to collect upon all articles
to be transported for exhibition, or returned to the
United States, a sum equal to one half the current
rate of freight at the time and plane of shipment;
which sum, deducting the cost of collection, shall be
appropriated, under the direction of the said com-
missioners, to defray, in part, the expenses of the ex-
hibition herein provided for; and the commissioners
are hereby authorized to furnish transportation to
and from France by an5r Government vessel for the
eommusioucrs appointed by the President, and for
one duly appointed commissioner for each State.
Mr. BANKS. I move to strike that section
out.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will not be stricken out. It was reported by
the gentleman from Massachusetts himself. It
provides that those who shall take the benefit
of these vessels shall pay one half of the freight.
] am astonished my friend should propose to
strike it out.
Mr. BANKS. I move to strike it out because
I have changed the original purpose of the res-
olution in this regard. I only ask that vessels
shall he ^ent our and not that goods shall be
brought hack, making a difference to the Gov-
ernment of considerable moment. I do not
think it l'n't to charge the exhibitors one half
of the freight, but still if that is the opinion of
the committee, I do not object.
Mr. PAINE. 1 offer the following amend-
ment:
be;;
t O t Li' J VV <J 1 VI |nunm.u <vii    . , . . ,
and insert in lieu thereof the words, ^ shall ne ap-
plied m payment of the appropriations iiciem made.
It will be perceived that the words in the
seventh, eighth, and ninth lilies empower these
commissioners to increase the expenditure here
authorized by an amount equal to the freights
