3326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
mittee on the part of the House, I am the only
one now present 
Mr. BOUT WELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he intends by_ this resolution
that these reports are to be printed separately
or in one pamphlet.
Mr." LATHAM. My intention, in framing
the resolution, was that they should be printed
separately.
Mr, BOTJTWELL. I for one object to any
such arrangement. The two reports should
be printed together. They are from the same
committee and relate to the same subject.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 have no objection to
that, and if it be desired, I will give that
direction to the Printer.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
resolution by adding " said repo'rts to be printed
together."
Mr. LATHAM. I have no objection to that
amendment. I was remarking, Mr. Speaker,
that I am the only member of the Committee
on Printing now present. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Clarke] has been absent for some
time. I do not know how long he may remain
away. Another of my colleagues, the chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Laflin,] left the
city on the day when the minority report was
handed in. We were prepared to report in
favor of fifty thousand copies of the majority
report, and had been waiting for several days
for the minority report. Since the presenta-
tion of the latter report I have had no oppor-
tunity to consult with the chairman. I have
no information as to the length of time lie may
be absent. As members of the House appear
desirous that the reports shall be printed as
soon as possible, I have concluded to submit
the resolution in this form, so that the House
may act upon the subject.
Mr. LB BLOND. I wish to inquire whether
'this resolution embraces the minority report.
Mr. LATHAM. It does.
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 do not so understand.
It simply provides for printing "each of the
reports."
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it
as embracing the majority and minority re-
ports. They are the only two argumentative
reports that have been made by the committee.
Mr. LE BlOND. It would not necessarily
embrace the minority report if there were two
majority reports.
Mr. MORRILL. The phraseology can be
changed so as to specify the majority and
minority reports.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
modilied iji that respect if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I ask that the resolution
be read as modified.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That there be fifty thousand extra copies
of each of the reports of the majority amkminority
from tho committee on reconstruction printed for the
use of the members of this House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "fifty thousand" aud inserting "one
hundred thousand."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That _ is
all right. Lot one hundred thousand copies
of the majority and minority reports be printed
together.
The SPEA KER. The pending question is
on the amendment of tho gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boctwkll] to add to the reso-
lution the words, "said reports to be printed
together."
Mr. LATHAM. I am willing to accept that
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannotac-
ccpt it without unanimous consent. Is there
objection?
Mr. NTCHOLSON. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Boutwell
was agreed to.
Tho SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] to strike out "fifty
thousand'' and insert "one hundred thousand.''
On the question there were—ayes seventy-six,
noes not counted.
Mr. FINCK. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 23, not voting
68; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Beaman,
Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell, BroomaH,
Buckland. Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Davis, Defrees,
Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, 1'arquhar, Garfield, Gridor, Griswold, Ab-
ner C. Harding, Hayes', Henderson, Ilolmcs, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kelley,
Kcteham, Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston,
Marvin, McCIurg, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead, Moul-
ton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, i'crham,
Pike, Prioo, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,
John II. Rico, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aornam, Robert X. Van
Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. AVashburne, Henry
D.Washburn, William B. Washburn,AVelker, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, and Windom—91.
N AYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Coffroth, Dawson,
Donison, Eldridge, Einck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Aaron Harding, Humphrey, Kerr, Le Blond, McCui-
lough, Niblaclc, Nicholson, Ritter, Sitgreaves, Strouse,
Taber, Thornton, Trimble, and Winfield—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, Boyer, Bran-
dogee, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb,Culver, Darling, Dawes, Delano, Dodge,
Kcklcy. I'arnsworth, Ferry, Grinnell, Hale, Harris,
Hart, Iligby, Hill, Itogan, Dcmas Hubbard, Edwin
N. Ilubbell, James R. Hubbcll, Hulburd, .Tcnckes,
Johnson, Jones, Kelso. Lafiin, Marshall, Mclndoe,
MoKeo, McRuer, Morrill, Morris, Nocll, Patterson,
Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilweli, Taylor, Thayer. Fran-
cis Thomas, Burt Van Horn, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams, Woodbridge, and Wright—68.
So Mr. Stevens's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
words "each of," a mere verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was read.
The resolution was then adopted.
benjamin blakenhy, et al.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
tho Committee on Public Lands, reported ad-
versely on the memorial of Benjamin Blake-
ney and Samuel N. Jackson, and others, gray-
ing for a grant of lands lying within fifteen
miles on either side of the Des Arc, Darda-
nelle, and Fort Smith railroad, in the State of
Kansas; and the same was laid upon the table.
personal explanation.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Speaker, I desiret.o
make a personal explanation. On examin-
ing the statement of the amounts of salary aud
mileage paid to members of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, sent, to tho House from the Treasury
Department, I find it stated that I was paid
87!)0 40 mileage and $5,920 salary for the two
years. The actual amount of mileage paid me
for the two years was §710 40, of which about
thirty-five dollars was returned to the Treasury
in compliance with the internal revenue laws.
The books are in agreement with my statement,
and they are balanced by reducing the amount
paid as salary. The statement from the Treas-
ury gives the amount of travel allowed me for
the two years as nineteen hundred and seventy-
six miles ; according to the books it was seven-
teen hundred and seventy-six, or four times
four hundred and forty-four. I notice similar
errors in other eases. There is a similar,over-
statement of the amount of mileage in the case
of four of my colleagues. In the case of the
gentleman from Oregon, the overstatement of
the amount of mileage appears to be $1,000.
This was needless, as the amount actually paid,
$11,531, was already sufficiently extravagant.
Mr. Speaker, having made this statement, I
ask permission to introduce the following res-
olution :
J?r9olvecl, That the Committee on Appropriations
bo directed to investigate and report in regard to the
cirors in Executive Document No. 125, and also to
consider the expediency of a revision of the existing
law in regard to mileage, so as to make the payment
of mileage more equal and more accordant with the
actual cost of travel to and from the national capital
at the present time.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
fuller versus dawson.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am directed by the Committee of Elec-
tions to submit a report on the contested-elec-
tion case of Fuller against Dawson. I shall not
call it up for action until the latter part of next
week. I move that the report be printed and
laid upon the table.
The report concludes with the following
resolution:
Jieaohed, That Hon. John L. Dawson is entitled to
retain his seat as a Representative in Congress from
the twenty-third district of the State of Pennsyl-
vania.
The report was laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
granting of the franking privilege.
The SPEAKER laid before tho House a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Treasury recom-
mending that the franking privilege be granted
to the chairman and the two secretaries of the
Light-House Board, as requested in the com-
munication inclosed from the chairman of the
board; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads and ordered
to be printed.
agricultural report.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
reports and essays from the volume of the
Annual Report for 18C5 of the Department of
Agriculture.
Mr. WILSON, Tjf Iowa. I move that the
same number of copies be printed as were or-
dered last year. I will say one hundred thou-
sand copies.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be re-
ferred to tho Committee on Printing, under
the law.
deputy solicitor op court op claims.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
liesolved, That the Committee on Appropriations ba
instructed to inquire into the expediency of increas-
ing the salary of the deputy solicitor of the Court of
Claims, and to report b/ bill or otherwise.
Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois. I object, and
demand the regular order.
northern kansas railroad.
The House accordingly resumed, as the first
business of the morning hour, the consideration
of the unfinished business of yesterday at the
expiration of the morning hour, being Senate
bill No. 115, for a grant of lands to the State
of Kansas to aid in the construction of the
Northern Kansas railroad and telegraph, on
which Mr. Loan was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BIDWELL. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Loan] to allow me to make a
statement in reference to what I wish to trans-
pire after this bill is completed.
Mr. LOAN. How long will it require ?
Mr. BIDWELL. Only a moment. The next
committee to be called is the Committee of
Claims. Yesterday the bill in relation to the
railroad connecting California with Oregon was
recommitted to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. I have modified the bill so as to
do away, I think, with all tho objections made
to it. I feel so anxious about it that I desire
to have it come in this morning, with the con-
sent of the Committee of Claims, after this bill
is acted upon, provided the House will agree
to it.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
consent to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Loan] will proceed.
Mr. LOAN. It will require but a very few
words to explain to the House the merits of
this bill.
Shortly after the completion of the Hanni-
bal and St. Joseph railroad it became appar-
ent that railroad facilities would be required
westwardly. Accordingly the St. Joseph and
Denver City Railroad Company was organized
