4286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
man from Ohio, [Mr, Schenck,] the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, whether
he knows the fact in this ease to be true.
Mr. SCHENCK. They all appear by the
papers in the case. I state them as chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs. The
committee fully examined the whole matter and
found this amount of money to be due this
man, and recommended it should be paid to
him.
Mr. STROUSE. That is all we want to
know. I believe this man ought to be paid,
and shall vote for the bill.
Mr. HIGBY. Why has this claim been sent
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
claims of all other naval contractors sent to the
Committee of Claims?
Mr. SCHENCK. I never knew anything
about this claim until the memorial was sent to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD. I can answer one part
of the question of the gentleman from Califor-
nia. This Mr. Wiard had been connected in
the most interesting way, before this contract,
with the War Department, by his improve-
ments and inventions in fire-arms. Every steel
gun fired in the late war against the rebels,
with the exception of a few from England,
were those invented and manufactured by him-
self. He invented what is known as the Wiard
gun, and he has gone on spending money in
improving it. His relation to the War Depart-
ment arose in that way. His subsequent ar-
rangement was in consequence of his known
skill as a machinist and inventor. He has been
connected with some of the most interesting
features of the war as an inventor. I think
there are not many claims which demand more
rapid rendition of justice than this one.
Mr. WA11D. J do protest against passing
claims of this character at this time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the claim is just, it
is good to pay it at any time.
Mr. WARD. Has this ever been investi-
gated by the Committee of Claims, or has it only
been before the Committee on Military A (fairs,
and does it stand exclusively before the House
oil the recommendation of the Committee 011
Military Affairs ?
Mr. BING1IAM. I believe it has been be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs exclu-
sively.
Mr. IT1GBY. I want justice done, but I
want it done equally to all claimants. As fair
claims as over came before this House have
been objected to and referred to the Committee
of the Whole. When all other claimants are
denied T cannot see the justice of singling out
one particular claim and granting it favors not
accorded to all other claims. A resolution
came here which had been fully considered by
a committee, and instead of being taken up and
acted on it was scut to the Committee of the
Whole House. I refer to the case of the Ca-
manclie, where the Government took the
machinery out of the vessel and put it into
another vessel on account of the exigencies of
the times. Justice should be done equally in
all cases.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I said before, this me-
morial came to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. The claim of Mr. Wiard was sent to the
Committee on Military Affairs because I sup-
pose that was deemed to be the appropriate
committee. It has been ordinarily the habit
of the Committee on Military Affairs to send
purely private claims, seeming to have nothing
special to do with matters connected with the
War Department or the Army, to the Commit-
tee of Claims. When a claim comes to us
arising out of military affairs we feel bound
to take charge of it. This was one of that
character. We did not ask to be discharged
from its farther consideration, but took it up
and were at great pains to ascertain all the facts
from the quartermaster's department and the
War Department. We did all that we could
do in order to arrive at a just conclusion. The
War Department sent us an enormous quantity
of documents. They were all examined by the
committee, but more particularly by the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Makston,]
and we came to the conclusion if there ever
was a just claim for an unpaid balance this
was one. The committee accordingly reported
this bill to pay him what is justly due, not a
cent of which he has received. I suppose a
great deal of wrt>ng has been done in withhold-
ing the sanction of the House in other cases,
but that ought not to induce us to do wrong
here.
Mr. HIGBY. I will not do injustice in this
case, because justice has not been done in ref-
erence to the claims of gentlemen equally meri-
torious, whose bills have been killed because
it was alleged there were only thirty-six hours
of the session left, and we had no time to
consider them. I have no spite, no revenge
to satisfy, but I only wanted to say that there
were other cases as just as this one which had
received 110 favor. If this be a just claim I
shall cheerfully vote for it.
Mr. MAYNARD. If (he facts are correctly
stated by the gentleman from Ohio it seems to
me the War Department ought to have paid it.
Mr. SCHENCK. It has only been denied
on some mere technical ground, and the inter-
vention of Congress is necessary to enable this
man to get the money which all must admit to
be due him.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
4Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. Members are sleeping
upon sofas and in chairs and all around the
Hall, and 1 would like to know whether they
are to be counted in making up a quorum.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. They are all present and
are all entitled to vote when waked up, [Re-
newed laughter. ]
Mr. BINGHAM. My demand for the yeas
and nays was on the passage and not on the
engrossment of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question was then taken 011 the passage
of the bill ; and there were—yeas 07, nays 25,
not voting '.)± ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Anderson,
Dclos R. Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, lioutwell, Boyer, Bromwcll, Broomall, Sidney
Clarke, Colliding, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, l'erry,
Garfield, Glossbrcnncr, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Higby,
Hogan, Holmes, Chester D. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Ingor^oil, Jenekcs, .Julian, IvoHey, Kerr, Kuy-
kendall, Jiatlin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, bo
Blond, Lynch, Marston, Maynard, MeClurg, McCul-
lough, Milter, Moorhcad, Myers, Newell, Nicholson,
O'-Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perhani, Plants,
Schciiek, Shellabarger, Stokes, Strouse. Tabor, Na-
thaniel (J. Taylor, NeLon Taylor, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn. Whaley, and Wil-
liams—07.
NAYS —Messrs. Baker, Bidwell, Cobb, Cullom,
Defrees, Eldridge, Farquhar, Johnson, Kctcham,
Koontz, William Lawrenee, Leftwich, Marshall,
Mercur, Morris, Phelps, Price, John II. Rice, ltitter,
Ross, Sawyer, Trimble, Vail Aernam, Ward, and
Wright—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Bergen, Blame, Blow,
Brandegoo, Buckland. Bitndy, Chanlcr, Reader W.
Clarke, Cook, Cooper, Culver. Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Delano, Doming, Donison, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Dumont.Eekley, Farusworth.Fmek,Good-
year, Grider, Grimicll, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Hard-
ing, Abner C. Harding, Henderson, Hill, Hooper,
Hotelikiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Demas Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. llubbell, llulbiird,
Humphrey, .Tones, Kasson, Kelso, Loan, Longyear,
Marvin, Mclndoc, McKee, Meltucr, Morrill, Moul-
ton, Niblock. Noell, Pike, Pomeroy.Ractfoid, Samuel
J. Randall, William II. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander II. Itico, Rogers, Rollins, Scofield, Shankhn,
Sitgreaves. Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Bilrt Van Horn, Warner, Elihu P>. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, Winficid, and Woodbridge—94.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. LAUIUE.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, I desire to make
a statement to the House, if I can get its at-
tention for a few moments, in order to make
an effort in behalf of a most worthy lady of this
city. I refer to the case of Mrs. Laurie. Her
bill has passed the Senate after having been
thoroughly investigated. It gives her some two
thousand seven hundred dollars for the use of
her house and lot by the military. While it
was in the use of the Government she was com-
pelled to rent property for her own use in the
city of Georgetown. Her property suffered
great dilapidation from the military.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Has the gen-
tleman any personal knowledge of the property
alleged to have been injured?
Mr. ORTH. I have, and I will state what
that personal knowledge is.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object to the
whole thing.
Mr. ORTH. I move to suspend the rules so
that the Committee of the Whole House may
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill for the relief of Mrs. Laurie.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
32, noes 16; no quorum voting.
. Mr. ANCONA. I insist on a further count.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Orth and Mr. An-
coxa.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 47.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
balm1sr and webber.
Mr. HOGAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill for the relief of Balmer & Webber.
With the consent of the House I will make a
brief statement of what it is.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of' Ohio. I object to
everything of this kind during the remainder
of this session.
Mr. HOGAN. It is a claim for payment for
musical instruments furnished by order of Gen-
eral Fremont when he came to command the
army of Missouri. There were ten regiments
from Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, and I think one
from Indiana. General Fremont ordered that
these regiments should be furnished with brass
instruments.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object to any-
thing that will get up any more bills to take
money out of the Treasury.
Mr. RICE,of Massachusetts, (at seven o'clock
a. m.) moved that the House take a recess until
ten o'clock.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope not. I under-
stand that the committee of conference are
ready to make their report on the civil appro-
priation bill.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the civil appropriation bill.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. BANKS. I present the following privi-
leged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two ^Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 737) making appropriations for sundry
eivil expenses of the Government fortheyenrending
June30,1867, and forother purposes, having met, after
full and tree conference, have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendinentsof the Senate
numbered B, 7,11,12,13,16,19, 32, 33,48, 49, and 55.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 4,14,15, 17, 24, 25, 34,35, 37, 38, 39, 40,41,42,
43. and 11.
That the Senate agree, to the amendment of the
House to the eighth amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the ninth amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede fiom their amendment to
the twenty-sixth amendmentof theSenate, andagreo
to the same.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of tho
House to the thirtieth amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
