1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2367
to usurp the right of eminent domain over the
States, and thereby make new grants of rail-
roads and canals to subvert the grants of the
States, it will utterly destroy that confidence
which is necessary to enable the people of the
United States to gather capital for the con-
struction of any additional roads in the future.
I believe that this policy will not only be detri-
mental, but actually destructive, of the great
interests of my State and country.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President 
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine
desires to address the Senate at some length,
I should judge from the indications; and I
therefore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I hope that motion will
not prevail. I desire to have a vote on this
bill if it is possible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot get it
to-night.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] informed me a short time ago
that he would not read all the books on his
desk, and he can get through in half an hour.
Mr. GRIMES. If he only reads one half of
them it will take a long time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall be glad to get a
vote to-night. •
Several Sexators. You cannot get it.
Mr- CHANDLER. The Senator from Maine
informed me that he should be very brief in
his remarks. I could make a long speech
myself, but I will omit it, as I do not wish to
occupy time.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Nevada
told me that he desired to address the Senate.
I withdraw the motion to adjourn for the pres-
ent, as I understand there is some other busi-
ness which it is desirable to attend to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
returning to the Senate, in compliance with
the request of the Senate, the bill (H. It. No.
280) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1807, and for
other purposes, with the amendments of the
Senate thereto.
Mr. POLAND. I move to reconsider the
vote byVhich the bill making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 18(57, was
passed. I was desired to state the reasons for
moving this reconsideration. I do not pro-
pose to enter into any discussion of the subject,
but merely to state in a word the ground on
which I make the motion.
The amendment for which I voted, and which
was offered by the Senator from Illinois, clearly
recognizes, as I think on examination, thepower
of the President to make removals from office,
and to fill them by appointing other persons.
The amendment to this bill provides that in
such cases, and where officers are removed for
cause, their successors shall receive no pay.
It seems to me that if we concede that the
President has the right to make removals and
to fill the vacancies thus occasioned by the
appointment of other persons, so that they are
legally invested with the office, it will not do
for us to say that they shall not receive the
compensation which the law provides. That
is revolutionary; we might as well refuse to
make an appropriation to pay the salary of the
President if his action does not suit us.
Upon this question of the power of the Pres-
ident to remove officers, this vexed question,
which has always been a vexed question, I do
not propose to make any argument, because I
do not propose to ask to have this matter con-
sidered now. The Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Henderson] informed us yesterday that he was
preparing a bill upon the general subject of
the power of removal from office. I desire
that this motion to reconsider shall lie on the
table until we may have his bill before us, and
see whether it will not remove°the difficulty. I
submit the motion to reconsider, and ask that
it lie on the table for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senate ad-
journs, I ask that the motion to reconsider
made by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] together with the bill to which it
pertains—the Post Office appropriation bill—
be postponed until Monday, at one o'clock,
and made the special order then, so that we
may dispose of it on that day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection
to reconsidering it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope, then, that the
motion will be now acted on, and then lot the
bill be postponed until Monday.
Mr. SUMNER, and others. Why not act
now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
motion to reconsider the Post Office appro-
priation bill entered by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the vote will be
taken on the reconsideration, and then 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
bill was passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER; It will be
necessary to reconsider the vote ordering the
amendments to be engrossed and the bill to bo
read a third time.
The reconsideration was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I move that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed
to and made the special order for Monday
next, at one o'clock, unless the Senate is will-
ing to dispose of it now. [''Yes."] Ishould
like to have it disposed of now. ["No."]
Mr. JOHNSON. A great many Senators
have left the Chamber. Nobody expected it
to come up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
its going over.
Mr. POLAND. I prefer it to lie until the
bill proposed by the Senator from Missouri
shall be brought in, and I understand from
him that he proposes to offer the bill early in
the coming week. I do not wish to name any
fixed day.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to postpone the consideration of the bill until
Monday, and make it the special order for that
day at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 3, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. MYERS. I rise to a privileged motion,
to correct the Journal. I find in the proceed-
ings of yesterday, as stated in the Globe, my
name is recorded among those not voting on
the Army bill. I voted against it.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. McKEE. I rise to a personal expla-
nation. I wish to state that on the vote yes-
terday on the Army bill I voted under a mis-
apprehension. Some gentleman had made a
motion to lay the bill on the table, and I sup-
posed I was voting on that molion, and there-
fore I find myself recorded as voting for the
bill. I intended to vote against it.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BAKER asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Cook, for three
days, including yesterday.
Mr. TAYLOR asked and obtained leave of
absence forhis colleague, Mr. 3. M. Humphrey,
for two weeks.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, asked
and obtained leave of absence for his colleagne,
Mr. Moorhead, for four days.
,Mr. BINGHAM asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Hubbard, of Connecticut,.
for one week.
REORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY. •
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the first
business in order this morning is the motion
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider
the vote on the Army bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to allow me to modify
the motion that I made yesterday. I made
the motion to reconsider the vote by which'
the bill had been rejected, and to lay that mo-
tion on the table. I did it with no unkind feel-
ing toward the friends of the bill, but I think
it requires a little more consideration, and with
the permission of the House I will withdraw
my motion to reconsider and move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, in justice to the chairman.
The SPEAKER. Before the bill can be
recommitted the vote by which it was rejected
must be reconsidered.
Mr. "WRIGHT. I withdraw my motion to
lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. That leaves the motion
to reconsider ponding.
Mr. SCHENCK. My purpose in rising was
to give notice that if the House should recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was rejected, I
myself would move to recommit. I demand the
previous question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to move to
lay that motion on the table'.'
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CHANLER. I make it.
Mr. WRIGHT. The effect will be to kill
that bill entirely.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. CHANLER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. If tbe motion to recom-
mit should prevail I would also move to print
the bill in the form in which it passed the
House with the amendments.
Mr. CHANLER. It is not debatable.
The demand for the yeas and nays was not
seconded.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The question being taken on the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table, it"
was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question on the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was'
rejected.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the motion to reconsider
was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now make the motion,
orrather the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Wright] has made the motion, to recommit. I
suggest that he accompany the motion with
another, that the bill as amended be printed.
Mr. WR1GIIT. I will make that motion also.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move to add
instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the committee be
instructed to report back an Army organiza-
tion not exceeding thirty-five thousand men.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman will reduce
his motion to writing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on the motion to recommit and the
motion to add instructions.
Mr. ROSS. I have now reduced my pro-
posed instructions to writing, as follows:
That the committee be instructed to report a bill
for an Army not to exceed thirty-five thousand mon.
