1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3327
under the laws of Kansas, and tliey at once pro-
ceeded to lay out and construct a road from the
town of Elwood, in Kansas, westwardly in the
direction of Denver City. They proceeded so
far as to grade ten or twelve miles of the road-
bed and prepare it for the reception of the iron,
which was on the ground. They laid down the
iron on some five miles of the road and com-
pleted it for that distance, when the further
prosecution of the work was prevented by the
outbreak of the rebellion.
Since the conclusion of the war this com-
pany has been reorganized and has again com-
menced work on the road, and it is now
engaged in prosecuting the work. I hold in
my hand the statement of the secretary of the
company, made recently, showing the assets
of the company to be more than SI,300,000,
on which at least §1,000,000 in money can be
realized.
But in the mean time, and during the war,
Congress provided for the construction of the
Union Pacific llailroad Company, and author-
ized the construction of two branches of that
road from the Missouri river thioughthc Stale
of Kansas. Those branches ran to the south
of this road, and failed to supply that public
want which was meant to be supplied by the
construction of this road. If these roads were
thought to be works of such national import-
ance as to require that Congress should make
them munificent grants of land, give them sub-
sidies in money and other facilities sufficient
to pay for their construction, it is not unrea-
sonable to ask Congress to aid, by a small
land grant, a competing road that was being
constructed by private enterprise to supply the |
public demand for railroad facilities to the j
West, which could not be met by the subsi- '
dized roads.
This is the first road west of the Missouri
river on which any work was done. It was |
undertaken in good faith. The company have
expended a considerable sum of money on it,
and they now have more than a million dollars
of available means to expend upon it. As a
private enterprise, I think the company have
such claims as would warrant the House in
aiding them by making to them the ordinary
grant of lands usually made to other roads in
the West. As to the bill itself, 1 can only say
that it contains only the ordinary provisions
of land-grant bills, such as have been passed
heretofore. There can be no objection to it,
and I hope the House will pass it at once, with-
out further consumption of time.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to strike out, in line
nine, the word "ten" and insert ''five'' in lieu
thereof.
Mr. LOAN. 1 have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOAN". 1 now demand the previous
question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third lime.
Mr. LOAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Air. WASIIB URNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill
The yeas and nays were ordered. The ques-
tion was taken; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 01, nays 43, not voting 73 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison. Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bnhvet!, Bk.ane, Boutwell. Biomwell, Conklum, Cook,
Ciitlom, Davis, Dixon, Donnelly, Brings, Burnout,
Eliot, Eaniuhar, Aimer C. J larding, lfayes. Hender-
son, Iligbv, ilocran, Hotohkiss, Asaliel W. Hubbard,
John ii. llubbard. Ingersoll, Julian, Kas^on, Kolley,
KeKi, Kuvkendull. Loan, Lon^vear, Lynch, Marvin,
.MeOlur", ± LcKuer, Miller. Moulton, NeweU, O'Neill,
Pailic, PciUam, Pomeroy, Price, -John II. iliee, Sco-
tield, Sliella-lvtriro'-, Thornton, Trowbridge, llobert T.
Van lforn. Warner, Welkei, James i\ Wilson, and
Windom—iil.
N.V VS—Me :iv. xlneoral, Bergen, Boyer, Broomall,
Dawes, Daw-on. Demson, l'><4lcston, Eklrid&'e, Emek,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, (jridor, Aaron Uuidmt?, ;
Chestor D. Hubbaid, Demas Hubbard, Humphrey, ■
Kerr, Kctcliam, Latham, George Y. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lo Blond, Marshall, Marston,McCul-
lough, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Radford. Samuel J.
Randall, Bitter, Rosters. Rollins, Ross, Schenek, Sit-
in-eaves, Spalding, Stilwell, Strouse, Xaber, John L.
Thomas, Trimble, Upson, Ward, Elilui B. Washburnc,
William B. Washburn, and Wentworth—18.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Barker, Baxter, Bingham, Blow, Brandegoo,
Buektand, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, bid-
ney Clarke; Cobb, Coffroth, Culver, Darling, Det'rees,
Delano, Detniii:-, Bodice, Eokley, Faiasworth, Kerry,
Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris, llart, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. llub-
bell, Hulburd, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Laflin, Mc-
Indoe, McKce, Mercur, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris,
Myers, Jioelt, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Stair,
Stevens, Taylor, Thayer, 1'Yaneis Thomas, Van Acr-
nam, Burt Van llorn, Henry D. Washburn, Wlialey,
Willianis.Steiihen E. Wilson, Winlicld, Woodbridgo,
and Wright—73.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JULIAN" moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE J'UOJI THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Rjittii,
one of its Clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had indefinitely postponed the joint
resolution of the House (No. it,) to amend the
Constitution of the United States.
The message further informed the IIous5
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution
(S. It. No, 112) for the relief of Mrs. Abby
Green ; in which Ihe concurrence of the House
was requested.
OIlDEK OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order is reports from the Committee of Claims.
ill-. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. How
much of the morning hour is left?
The SPEAKER. The muiniug hour will
expire in thirty-live minutes.
UOltACIi I. HODGES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back, with
a recommendation that the same do pass, House
bill No. ry'ii, for the relief of the heirs of Hor-
ace 1. Hodges.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that in the settlement of the accounts with the
Treasury of Horace I. Hodges, deceased, late
captain and assistant quartermaster of United
States volunteers, there shall be allowed in his
favor the sum of .91,256 40 on account of the
loss of Unit amount of public funds in his hands
by the eapiure of Plymouth, North Carolina,
by the rebels on the 20th of April, lKfi-1, the
loss being without neglect or fault on the part
of said Hodges, and he having lost his life at
that time in attempting to carry orders from
the commanding oilieer at Plymouth to the
United States gunboat.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion lo
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAROLINE A. RANDALL.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a joint res-
olution for the relief of Caroline A. Randall,
administratrix and widow of Charles B. Ran-
dall, deceased; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The question was upon ordering t ho joint res-
olution to he engrossed and read a third tone.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department to pay to the legal rep-
resentatives of Charles B. Randall, deceased,
late lieutenant colonel of the one hundred and
forty-ninth regiment of New York volunteer
infantry, who was killed in action the 20th of
July, 18G4, at the battle of Peach 'Tree Creek, I
Georgia, the sum of $175 out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, as
payment for one private horse used by said
Randall in the military service, which horse
was lost by starvation five days after the death
of said Randall.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly road the third
time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william pierce.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do not pass, Senate
bill No. 231, for the relief of William Pierce.
The question was upon laying the bill upon
the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I wish
to say a few words in regard to this bill in order
that the House can act undcrstandingly upon it.
The applicant in this case alleges that certain
Oregon war bonds were placed in the post office
and directed to a place in the State of Maine,
and were sent on board a steamer which was
burned and lost. It is also claimed that a por-
tion of the mail on board that steamer was
recovered; and this bill is to provide for the
reissuing of certain Oregon war bonds. But
the difficulty w ith the committee is this: there is
no evidence that the bonds were ever mailed
except, the testimony of the individual himself.
A part of the mail was recovered when the
boat was lost, but there is no evidence in whose
hands this mail was from the time it was re-
covered until it reached the post office. The
only evidence is that upon the examination of
that portion of the mail which was recovered
and delivered at thepost office, there was found
no communication containing these bonds. The
committee were therefore of the opinion that
under the circumstances, the only evidence
being the testimony of the individual who mailed
the bonds that he mailed them, and there be-
ing no cvidoncethat they were not stolen from
the portion of the mail that was recovered, it
was not best to establish a precedent by report-
ing favorably upon the bill; and therefore they
make an adverse report.
Mr. WASIIB URNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say one word in icgard to Uu: report of the
committee in this case, which shows the excel-
lence and correctness of the committee's ac-
tion. I think our present Committee of Claims
is by far the best Committee of Claims 1 have
known since I have been in Congress, for
I believe they do not report in favor of any-
thing that is not strictly correct. But 1 de-
sire lo call the attention of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wakjiiiiux ] and of
the House to a case of a similar character
which was before us at the la.st Congress,
and which differed from this case in tins re-
spect: in that case it was completely proved,
as it was stated in this case, that the bonds
were lost on this very vessel. They obtained
the testimony of various witnesses: they got
proof up to the handle that the bonds were
lost; and although there was some considera-
ble opposition to the bill in the House as es-
tablishing a wrong principle, the bill was finally
passed, in a few weeks after the bill had be-
come a law, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means received a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury that those
very bonds which it had been sworn up to the
handle had been lost, were tin u in the Treas-
ury Department for redemption.
The bill was then laid on the table.
av.o^kh.u: manltaott lil\C company.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Chums icpoited back Sen-
ate bill No. 22"), cutith'd '• An act. for the re-
lief (>f the Am osheag Ma on fa't uihig Company,
with a recommendation thai it pass.
The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
