2368
WE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
I demand, the yeas and nays on my motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question simply for the purpose of
calling the attention of the House to the fact
that the proposition of the gentleman to reduce
the Army to thirty-five thousand, if it were to
prevail, would reduce the Army below its pres-
ent maximum, forty-three thousand. I trust
'that there will be no instructions given to the
committee. I renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was. seconded and
the main question ordered; the question being
first upon Mr. Ross's motion to instruct the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT. What would be the effect
of moving to lay that motion on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would carry the bill
with it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Ross's
motion, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs and order it printed; and being put,
the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted.
EMPEROR OJ RUSSIA.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution
relative to the recent attempted assassination
of the Emperor of Russia.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That tho Congress of the United States of America
has learned with deep regret, the attempt made upon
tho life of tho Emperor of Russia by an enemy of
emancipation. Tho Congress send their greeting to
his Imperial Majesty and to the Russian nation, and
congratulate tho twenty million sort's upon tho prov-
idential cseapo from danger of the sovereign to whose
head and heart they owe the blessings of their freedom.
Mr. ROSS. I move to refer that resolution
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CIIANLER. I move to insert after the
words ''head and heart" in tho resolution, the
words "under God." The Emperor of Russia
is the head of the Greek church and there
ought to be some recognition of the divine
power in this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House. Is there objection to the
introduction of tlic resolution ?
Mr. 110SS. I object unless it is to be
referred to tho Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the resolution
until one man who is in favor of assassination
cannot obstruct it.
Mr. CIIANLER. I rise to a question of
order.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his question of order.
Mr. CIIANLER. It is that the reasons of
the gentleman for withdrawing the resolution
were not stated so as to be heard here, and
evidently had a bearing upon the action of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] objected to the introduc-
tion of the resolution, and that objection pre-
vents the resolution coming in. The gentle-
man from Now York was not recognized as
objecting.
PRINTING OP TESTIMONY.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the committee on
reconstruction, reported evidence in reference
to the State of Georgia ; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOLTWELL moved that the same
number of extra copies be printed as of the
testimony heretofore reported by the same
committee ; which motion was referred, under
the law. to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CONKLIXG, from the same committee,
reported testimony in relation to the States of
Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CONKLING moved that the samo num-
ber of extra copies be printed as of the testi-
mony heretofore reported by the same com-
mittee ; which was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
COMMERCE WITH MEXICO.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to comraunicato to this House any infor-
mation he may have concerning discriminations made
by the so-called Maximilian government of Mexico
against American commerce, or against commerce
from particular American ports.
Mr. RAYMOND. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he call upon the President and not
the Secretary of the Treasury for this informa-
tion. That is the usual form, and I believe the
only form in which the head of a Department
can respond. I make that suggestion for his
consideration.
Mr. JULIAN. I will modify the resolution
in that way.
■The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
CLERK FOR COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
llesolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
allowed a clerk, at the usual compensation, for such
length of time as tho ehaiiman may deem necessary,
in order to make a careful investigation of the ex-
penditures and administration of the Department of
Agriculture.
MURDER OF NORTH CAROLINA UNION SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House of April 16, 1806, the report of
the Judge Advocate General in regard to the
murder of certain Union soldiers belonging to
the first and second North Carolina loyal in-
fantry; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business for the morning hour of this day is
the consjideration'of reports from the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. O'NEILL. Does not the unfinished
business of the Patent Office Committee come
up this morning?
The SPEAKER. It does not; that business
will come up when there is another morning
hour for public business, when the Committee
on Patents will be entitled to another morning
hour. The morning hour of this day was as-
signed, by order of the House on the 13th of
April, to the consideration of reports from the
Committee on Territories.
TERRITORY OP MONTANA.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Territories, reported back House bill No.
202, to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a territorial government for the Territory
of Montana," approved May 26, 18G4, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after tho enacting clause and insert:
That the Governor of tho Territory of Montana
be, and he is hereby, authorized on and after the 1st
clay of September, 1866, to reapportion said Territory
for the election of the Council and House of Repre-
sentatives: Provided, That said appoi tionment shall
be based on such an enumeration of the qualified
electors of the several counties as shall appear irom
the election returns in the office of the secretary of
tho Territory and from such other sources of infor-
mation as will enable the Governor, without taking
anew census, to make an apportionment which shall
fairly represent ihe people of the several counties in
both Houses of the Legislative Asseinblyof said Ter-
ritory : and the Legislative Assembly elected in pur-
suance of this act shall provide hy law for the elec-
tion of a Council and House of Representatives as
directed in tho act of which this act is an amendment.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted. That the acts of
tho so-called Legislative Assembly elected without
authority ot law, and in pursuance of tho proclain
tion of the acting Governor, wiiic-h met and be,-an its
session ill the city of Virginia 011 the 5th of March,
1866, be, and the same are hereby, declared disap-
proved and null and void; and 110 money now appro-
prlated, or which may hereafter be appropriated, by
the Congress ot tho United States for defraying tho I
expenses'of the territorial government of Montana,
shall ever be paid to any person claiming to have
been elected to the Council and House of Represent-
atives of the Legislative Assembly of said Territory
for services as members or officers thereof, at the ses-
sion begun and held as aforesaid, or to defray the
expenses incurred by said Legislative Assembly for
any purpose.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call the pre-
vious question on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was upon agree-
ing to the substitute.
The question was taken; and the substitute
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and road a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
_ Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved, to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be.laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNDARIES OP NEVADA.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Territories, reported back Senate bill No.
155, concerning the boundaries of the State of
Nevada, with an amendment.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that, as provided for and consented to in
the constitution of the State of Nevada, all that
territory and tract of land adjoining the present
eastern boundary of the State of Nevada, and
lying between the thirty-seventh and the forty-
second degrees of north latitude and west of
the thirty-seventh degree of longitude west of
Washington, shall be added to and made part
of the State of Nevada.
The second section provides that there shall
be added to and made a part of the State of
Nevada all that extent of territory lying within
the following boundaries, to wit: commencing
on the thirty-seventh degree of north latitude,
at the thirty-seventh degree of longitude west
from Washington, and running thence south
on said degree of longitude to the middle of
the river Colorado of the West; thence down the
middle of said river to the eastern boundary
of the State of California; thence northwesterly
along said boundary of California to the thirty-
seventh degree of north latitude; and thence
east along said degree of latitude to the point
of beginning; provided that the territory
mentioned in this section shall not become a
part of the State of Nevada^intil said State
shall, through its Legislature, consent thereto.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add to the second section the following proviso:
Provided further. That the possessory rights ac-
quired hy citizens of the United States, in mining
claims discovered, located, and originally recorded in
compliance with the rules and regulations adopted
by minors in the Pah Ranagat and other miningdis-
tricts in the territory incorporated by the provisions
ot this act into the State of .Nevada, are hereby
declared to be valid subsisting mining claims: but
nothing herein contained shall be so construed as
granting a title in fee to any mineral lauds held by
possessory titles in the mining States and Territories.
Mr. KASSON. 1 would inquire if this act
would make the titles to these mining claims
any different from what they would be if this
act should not pass.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. In the Territory
of Utah, where it is supposed this Pah Runagat
district is situated, there is no law regarding
mining claims. And if this bill should pass
without the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee, as soon as the information should reach
the district the mines now located there would
be liable to have their claims jumped by per-
sons who would at once enter them under the
mining law of Nevada. And it is proposed
that the possessory right to those claims shall
remain the same as if they had been originally
discovered in Nevada; but they are not thereby
to have the title in fee.
M1'-,KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I concur en-
tirely in the propriety of the object which it is
desired to^ accomplish; but I fear that the man-
ner in which it i? proposed to be accomplished
will interfere with any legislation that, this Con-
gress may determine upon touching the valid-
