THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
Mr. LAWRENCE,of Ohio,demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Lawrence of Ohio, and Nib-
lack.
. The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 25.
So the mail) question was ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
• oil agreeing to the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 51, nays 50, not voting 85;
as follows:
YEAS~-Messrs. Anderson, Banks, Barker, Benja-
min, Bergen, Sidney Clarko, Cullom, Driggs, Eckley,
Eldridgo, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Glossbren-
ner, Higby, Hogan, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Kelley, Kerr,
Kuykendall, Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich. Marston,
Maynard, McClurg, McCullongh, Miller, Moorhead,
Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Patter-
son, Samuel J. Randall, AlexanderII. Rice, John H.
Rice, Sclieuek, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Kobert T. Van
Horn, and Whaley—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley. Baker,
Baxter, Bidwoll, Bingham, Bouttvcll, Bromwell,
Btoomall, Cobb, Conkling, Defrces, Eggleston, Eliot,
Finck, G-arfield, Abner 0. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
James R. Ilubbeil.Kasson, Kotcham, Koontz, Laiiin,
George V. Lawrence, "William Lawrence, Lynch,
Me rear, Morrill, Morris, Orth, Paine, Pcrham,
... Phelps, Plants, Price, Rittor, ltoss. Sawyer, Shank-
lin, Shellabarger, Stokes, Taber, John L. Thomas,
Trimble, Van Aeruam, Welkcr, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Wright—50.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aneona,
James M. Ashley. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Boyer, Brandegee, Buckland, Bundy. Chanler, Rea-
der W. Clarko, Cook, Cooper, Culver. Darling, Davis,
Dawos, Dawson, Delano, Doming, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont, Goodyear, Gridor, Grin-
noil, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hill, Ilooper, Ashael W. Hubbard, Dennis
Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, lidwin N. llubbell, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Jones, Julian, Kelso. Loan, Long-
year, Marshall, Marvin. Mclndoe. MoKeo, McRuer,
Moulton, Nocll, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, William
H. Randall, Raymond, Rogers, Rollins, Scoiield,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Stilwcll, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Ward, Warner, Elihu II Wnsbburne, Henry 1).
Washburn, William B.Washburn, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, Windom, Winiield, and Woodbndgc—85.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, said: I
cannot get what I want for the soldier, and so
I will take what I can get. I change my vote
to "ay."
Mr. DilTGOS. I hope the gentlemen wha
arc in favor of bounties to the soldiers; but who
are loath to vote to increase their own salaries,
will contribute the surplus of their salaries to
the soldiers.
Mr. BERGEN. On account of the soldiers,
I change my vote to "ay."
Mr. 0' N Ifll LL. I vote " ay," so that we may
get a bounty bill. I am opposed to raising the
compensation of members.
Mr. FERRY. I rise to express the embarrass-
ment in which the report of the committee of con-
ference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses places me in determining my vote upon
the question. Steadily and invariably 1 have
voted againstincreasc ofpay to members of Con-
gress,because I am opposed toany increase in the
present condition of onr finances. Three times,
upon this very proposition, has my vote been
recorded against it. Now it appears coupled
with the increase of bounty to our gallant sol-
dics, which 1 heartily favor, but. which f can-
not vote for without also voting for the increase
of congressional pay. The Senate insists upon
this increase at the peril of increase of bounty
to our soldiers. There is no alternative but to
vote for both or vote against both. It is unfair
to be compelled to meet a proposition which
is approved with one not approved, in one in-
separable act. But the dilemma is unavoida-
ble and the issue must be met. From what I
observe I am satisfied the vote upon the ques-
tion will be a very close one. It may be that
the adoption of the report may hang upon a
single vote. Duty to brave men who have per-
iled life for the Republic rises above the inexpe-
diency to which I unwillingly commit myself by
tie change of action I no w propose to follow. It
is bounty or no bounty to the soldiers that must
nov^be considered. Let me here reply to the
proffered suggestion, that members need not
be so sensitive about voting themselves ade-
quate pay, for their surplus can be contributed
to the soldiers, that that suggestion shall rec-
oncile my action. It shall not go unheeded.
My vote shall be fortified by acts. I therefore
ask to change my vote, and will hold myself
answerable to the benefit of soldiers to the
extent of such surplus. I now vote "ay."
Mr. CULLOM. For the purpose of secur-
ing the soldiers' bounty I vote "ay."
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LB BLOND. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The state of business is
such that the House may now adjourn to meet
again at eleven o'clock. If the Senate is not
able to finish its business by twelve o'clock I
understand it will reciprocate the request of the
House for an extension of the session till four
and a half o'clock.
The motion to adjourn was accordingly agreed
to; and thereupon (at seven o'clock and fifty
minutes a. m.) the House adjourned.
memorial.
The following memorial was presented under tho
rule and referred to tho appropriate committee:
Uy Mr. BANKS: Tho memorial of 200 prominent
and influential citizens of Louisiana, for the aid of
the Government of tho United States in repairing the
levees of the Mississippi.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 28, 18G6.
The Senate met at nine o'clock a. m.
On motion by Mr. RAMSEY, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
certificates oi' new jersey soldiers.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a joint resolution
on the table from the House of Representa-
tives which I hope will bo disposed of now. It
is a small matter, for the transmission through
tho mails of certificates to soldiers of good con-
duet by tho authorities of New Jersey. It is
House joint resolution No. 193.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 193) au-
thorizing the transmission through the mails,
free of postage, of certain certificates, by the
adjutant general of New Jersey. It authorizes
the adjutant general of New Jersey to transmit
through the mails, free of postage, certain cer-
tificates of thanks awarded by the Legislature
to the soldiers of that State, under such regu-
lations as the Postmaster General may direct.
Tho joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
pittsburg and cleveland railroad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 537.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 537)
to promote the construction of a line of rail-
road from Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, to Cleve-
land, Ohio; which had been reported adversely
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed lo.
recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
take a recess until ten o' clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate reassembled at ten o'clock a. m.
s13ward a. foot.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, to whom was referred a resolution
for the payment of Seward A. Foot for ser-
vices as clerk of a committee, have directed
me to report it back to the Senate without
amendment, and with a recommendation that
it pass. We find that the money is due to him,
but cannot be paid without a resolution. I
ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the resolution, as follows:
Mesohed, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the Senate, to Seward A. Foot, the sum of
$180 in full for services as clerk of a committee.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time,
and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
tothe report of the second conference com-
mittee on the amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 787) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 18C7, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (H. R. No.
818) for the relief of Norman Wiard, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
robert baldwin.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is a little bill
on the table which a member of the House
asks mo to call up. It is a House bill. It
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands
and reported hack by them favorably yester-
day morning. It is House bill No. 693. I
hope the Senate will consider it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 093) for the relief
of Robert Baldwin. The preamble recites that
on the 5th of December, 1849, Robert Bald-
win located at the land office at Milan, in the
State of Missouri, three military bounty land-
warrants, issued under the act of 1847, each
for one hundred and sixty acres, numbered
2,847, 26,801, and 40,263, and received from
the register duplicate certificates of location,
and that those warrants were lost from the mail
in their transmission from the land office to
Washington, and have not since been heard
from ; and the bill, therefore, directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause patents for the
lands entered under those warrants to be issued
to Robert Baldwin upon his surrendering to
the Commissioner the duplicate certificates of
location.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report in
that case? If there is, I should like to hear
it read.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is a report ac-
companying the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives which can be read. It is very short.
The Secretary read the following report:
Tho Committee on Public Lands, to whom was re-
ferred the bill for tho relief of Robert Baldwin, beg
lno.ve to report the following facts:
That on the 5th of December, 1849, the said Bald-
win located three land-warrants, each for one hun-
dred and sixty acres, on the land mentioned in the
bill, surrendering the warrants and receiving from
the register duplicate certificates of entry. The war-
rants were lost in the mail while in transit from the
land office at Milan, Missouri, to the General Land
Office, since which thoy have never been heard from.
Tho Commissioner of tho GeneralLand Office refuses
to issue patents for the land without special author-
ity from Congress; and satisfied that it is but justice
to the party, the warrants having been lost while in
possession of the Government, and that no loss can
possibly result therefrom, tho committee report back
tho bill and recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
duty on imported wool.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 793.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us hear the title
of the bill.
