THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
has been dinning Ms interpretations of tlie Con-
stitution in our ears 'for five years. He has
been warning us against violating it; and yet,
Tvitttfee Constitution in one hand and the Bible
in .the other, Ve have moved right forward, and
i&te have achieved what wo fought for. We re-
sisted every temptation to betray the cause of
liberty; 'we accepted civil war rather than be-
tray the cause of God and of the people, and
we have triumphed. We have something more
to do, and we mean to do it, and if anybody
doubts it let him undertake to arrest it. 1 tell
the Senator we were born to do it. God Al-
mighty raised us up at this ago to do this work,
and we will do it. Beginning with a little hand-
ful-of men, a despised, abused, and slandered
few, humbly sending a petition to the House of
Representatives to ask this nation to abandon
the slave trade and make free women and chil-
dren in the national capital, with denunciations
piled upon us, with political parties frowning
upon us, we have gone on until we stand to-day
masters of the situation. Itisnotour strength;
we are 110 better than other men. The political
organization that made this Administration sent
us here and sent the Senator from Pennsylvania
heie. Its meh have the same weaknesses and
faults as men of other political organizations,
and we manifest them to the country every day.
But we -hate accepted the sublime truths of the
Declaration of Independence. We standasthc
champions of human rights for all men, black
and white, the wide world over, and we mean
that just and equal laws shall pervade every
rood of this nation : and when that is done our
work ceases, tut not until it is done. If any-
body wants to stop this mighty work, all I have
to say to him is just to stand out of the way and
let us go on to its accomplishment, for we shall
pass through or over all opposing obstacles.
Do not tell me that wc arc lowering the coun-
try. God knows the country has been lifted
from out the depths up a thousand leagues to-
ward heaven within the last live years. This
nation is infinitely higher in the estimation of
all the Christian and civilized nations than at
any other period of it? history. Whoever writes
the history of this era must record that the only
statesmen in America of this age were the anti-
slavery men. Whoever writes of these events,
greater and grander than those of any other
period of the world's history, will write that 110
people did more, sacrificed more, poured out
more blood, expended more treasure, organ-
ized more of the humanities and charities of
Christian civilization for the alleviation of dis-
tress, or made a nobler record; and he will re-
cord the fact that our public men, weak, per-
sonally, us they are, and faulty as they are, have
comprehended the condition of (lie country, the
duties of the hour, and moving with the eter-
nal forces, have won victories for humanity that
Will send their names down along the ages for-
ever.
Sir, where is the name of Abraham Lincoln to-
day ? Slow sometimes to act,, lint, always look-
ing and workingin the right direction; maligned,
slandered, sneered at. accursed by enemies and
complained of by doubting f,lends, who shrank
from that glorious deeil of emancipation that
saved _the country, he has left an immortal
name in the annals of his country and his race.
When he fell under the pistol of the assassin
more tears were shed in this country for him
than for all the public men who have ever lived
011 the North American continent; and as the
stoiy of his assassination went over the world
nations wept for the fall of the foremost man 01
the nineteenth century. It was because Abra-
ham Lincoln was our leader, the champion of our
ideas, that the world wept over his fall. There
is not a man among us who, if he had filled
that lofty place and been as true as was Abra-
ham Lincoln to ourideas, principles, and policy,
but would be mourned by the nations if he had
fallen in the conflict. Abraham Lincoln was a
good man, but it was because he was the cham-
pion of the cause of liberty that all cominggen-
erations will remember him and send down his
name forever with benedictions. Just in pro-
portion us we individually, and the political or- !
ganizatio.n to which we belong, have been true
to our ideas, have we been strong. It has been
this hesitation, this timidity, this quibbling that
has been a burden for us to carry; and there
are more Senators than one upon this floor who
knows that we have not only had this great
cause of country and freedom to carry through
the war, but we have had to carry the weakness
of hesitating; halting, and uncertain public men
upon our shoulders. I do not say that we have
had to carry the Senator from Pennsylvania,
for he did not go at all; he neither took him-
self nor let us carry him ; he was not much of a
burden to us and not much of a stop in our way
in the past, and ho will not be in. the future.
He was not of us; he is not of us now, or he
would not rise here and utter these sneers about
the negro's heel and the negro's leg. The ne-
gro may not have so fine a log as the Senator
from Pennsylvania, butthere are many negroes
who have hearts quite as good as is the heart of
that Senator ; and I know some of them with
brains quite as capacious and quite as well
trained as his own. Sir, it is timefor men who
rally around the standard of the great Union
Republican party of the country to understand
that this Christian people, with their keen sen-
sibilities, their broad humanities, and their ripe
intelligence—for there is combined in the Re-
publican party a degree of intelligence and
character never before associated in any polit-
ical organization—do not want their feelings
wounded by these vulgar sneers at a poor, op-
pressed race, which has been kept down for
centuries, wronged and outraged. The Senator
from Pennsylvania should understand that the
man who trifles with the sentiments and the
manly sympathies of the American people is
not likely either to lead them or to control them
in the future.
I wish to say nothing unkind of the members
of the Democratic party, but where are they
to-day? Why are they in a minority in Con-
gress ? Why are they only able to control little
Delaware and Kentucky, and not know how
long they will keep either? That party was
once the champion of the common people of
the country, of the poor and lowly, and turned
its back upon tliein; and the man who turns
his back upon a poor black man, and allows
him to be trampled under the foot of the op-
pressor, will turn his back on the white man,
and let him bo trampled under foot. It is this
abandonment of the poor and oppressed which
has brought that once powerful organization to
defeat and sorrow. We shall, I trust, never fall
in that way, for 1 have undoubting faith that we
shall accomplish our Ileavcn-assigncd work.
The Senator talks as though he knew all
about these questions pertaining to slavery
and slaves, and as though the men who have
been studying them for twenty-five years, who
have traveled one hundred thousand or one
hundred and fifty thousand miles, and spoken
to a thousand or fifteen hundred audiences
on questions touching the cause of liberty in
America, do not know anything about a cause
to which they have devoted years of unselfish
labor. I was sorry to hear such a thought ut-
tered in the speech of my friend from Oregon,
[Mr. Nesmi'i'II;] and the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Saulsbury] has often indulged in
the assumption that anti-slavery veterans knew
less of slavery and the slaves than himself. I
think we know quite as much about slaves and
slavery as that Senator. I will relate a little
incident which will show that wc understand
the black men quite as well as that Senator,
though he was nurtured in the lap of slavery.
I remember hero 011 one occasion, I think it
was during the last session, the Senator from
Delaware came to me, said that his negro man,
a most excellent man, a man for whom" he had
the greatest affection, had been drafted, and it
would cost him some $900 lo get a substitute,
and he asked me to see the Secretary of War,
and if possible to get him to release his man.
The Secretary of War thought he ought not to
release so good a man, so the Senator raised
S900, obtained a substitute for his dear friend,
the slave, and that slave the next week ran
away to Pennsylvania, where he enlisted and
took the bounty. [Laughter.] The Senator
told us the other day that Delaware was the
last slave State, and that he was the last slave
holder. Now, to vindicate the truth of history,
I want to know if that runaway of his was the
last slave. The Senator shakes his head. I
give this illustration to show how little the Sen-
ator knew Ms intimate friend. We have been
told all through this war, "You do not know
these people.'' Gentlemen tell us so now, and
they keep telling it. The records of this coun-
try will show that we have not made a predic-
tion on this floor for the last five years that has
not been verified by the event. We have not
taken a position or given a vote here that has
not been sanctioned by the voice of the Amer-
ican people, and our position is impregnable,
because we stand upon the solid rock of ages,
with eternal truths around and about us to sus-
tain us in our weakness and bear us onward,
while we see these other lofty gentlemen who
know so much about the Constitution, and who
are continually invoking it as a pretext how not
to do anything, making false prophecies, trem-
bling and straggling along our line of march.
We move as the solid and compact columns of
a great; army move, and they very much like
the stragglers that hover on the flank and rear.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I shall be
obliged to apologize for not being able to attain
to that sublime height of bragging which has
characterized the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, but I will endeavor to state if I can
a few plain facts for his consideration and that
of the Senate. Of course, I have nothing to say
with regard to myself. My course here has been
open, and I trust without any concealment. It
was never very difficult for the Senator to under-
stand exactly where I was. T believe,.however,
I may say that, in advance of him, I was the
first man to say upon this floor that, in going
down South to suppress the rebellion, it was
perfectly proper that we should treat the negro
precisely as any other man—if he was an enemy
shoot him; if he was a friend, use him; and that
was as far as I intended to go.
But the Senator asserts here in the face of
the Senate, and in the face of the American
people, that ho and his compeers, forsooth, the
Anti-Slavery Society, have destroyed slavery;
that it is their work; that it i s the result of their
twenty-five years of toil and straggle ; that it is
the result of their agitation and their speechify-
ing and their extensive knowledge of the negro
and the negro character, and ho relates some inci-
dents. I am not very much in the habit of relating
incidents, but I will state one for the benefit ofthe
honorable Senator. Somebody was talking about
him and his society the other day, and stated
that they had "negro on the brain." Someone
who was by said, "Well, that maybe; but they
have not, much-brain on the negro," [laugh-
ter,] and that, I think, Mr. President, is about
the truth of it.
Who destroyed slavery, Mr. President? Had
the Anti-Slavery Society any agency in it? -Did
the Anti-Slavery Society or its representatives
upon this floor at the outset of this war declare
that they were going to destroy slavery ? N0,
sir ; but crouching behind their shields at that
time they resolved unanimously here that they
were not going to destroy slavery, that they
were going to make war to support the Con-
stitution and the laws. How long ago was that ?
Two days after the battle of Bull 1km, and the
starch was all out of the Anti-Slavery Society;
it had not a boast; it had not a threat; but, as
I said before, creeping down behind its shield,
it said to the country, along with us who were
honest in our utterances in that resolution, that
it made war for the Constitution and the laws.
I ask you, Mr. President, if the secessionists
of the South, in their great madness, in their
rage, only akin to this northern rage, its antip-
odes, had not made war upon the Government
of the United States, would slavery have been
destroyed? Would all the battle of the Anti-
Slavery Society and all its tracts and all its
preachings and all its sermonizings in the world
have ever' achieved that great result if it had
