1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
considered and will come intopoweragain. Gen-
tlemen should reflect that in the recent presi-
dential election the candidates of the Demo-
cratic party polled eighteen hundred thousand
votes in spite of all the advantages that the Gov-
ernment candidates possessed. Sir, the Demo-
cratic party is not dead, though we are at present
suspended. Let me recall to the mind of the
Senator that Napoleon Bonaparte, when he was
dominating.all over Europe and playing with
crowns, made a small mistake when he tempted
the snows of Russia in winter time; and there
may be a time when the party now in power will
go too far; the party which by this bill invades
the rights of the loyal States, and puts into the
hands of the officers of this bureau powers that
should be placed in the hands of no man. Under
it an agent of this Freedmen's Bureau is to de-
clare just what law he pleases, and administer
it just as he pleases, and there is no appeal.
One of the agents of this bureau on coming into
Kentucky declared that if any former owner of
slaves, after the men had been taken into the
Army or gone off, leaving no one but the old
and infirm, who were unable to work, and the
children, should refuse to support them, and
that, too, whether he had anything to support
them or not, he would seize their property, con-
fiscate it, and turn it to the public use! Do you
think that is acceptable to Kentucky? Do you
think it would be acceptable to any set of peo-
ple? Here you authorize one of these agents
to arrest any man; whether the evidence be lit-
tle or great he is the sole judge, without per-
haps having any legal or judicial knowledge,
and he fines and imprisons at his pleasure. You
propose to impose upon the free people of Ken-
tucky this kind of a judicature and this kind of
laws, and you think it will be a great evidence
of our want of loyalty if we do not cheerfully
accept it.
Sir, I never supposed that the majority of
this Senate did not mean to pass this bill and
the one that is to follow it, that have been re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
the best legal minds in the body. They assume
that it isa necessity, andthereforc constitutional
in their view. But, sir, I did hope that Ken-
tucky would be exempted from its operation;
that this last cup of bitterness and trial would
not be put to the lips of a State that had suf-
fered as much as Kentucky by her loyalty to the
Union.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the amendment moved by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Guthrie,
Hervlrtel:.-, Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith, Riddle,
Saulsbury, and Stockton—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Connefes, Crasfin, Cressvell, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas. Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Poland, X'om-
eroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,
"Wilson, and Yates—33. _
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon, Doohttle, Harris, Nor-
ton, and Wright—5.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all of the second section after the
word "class" in the fifteenth line, in the fol-
lowing words:
And the President of the United States, through th o
War Department and the Commissioner, shall extend
military jurisdiction and protection over all employes,
agents, and officers of this bureau.
The sole object of that provision is to sup-
press wholly the juiisdiction and the action of
the courts."Federal or State, in all the States
thai, may come into conflict with the operations
of this bureau. We have in all the States Fed-
eral district courts; wc have State courts. This
bill embodies a great deal of judicial power,
and all this judicial power it invests in this bu-
reau. in the commissioners to be appointed by
the President, or in military officers who are
assigned to the performance of those duties. I
ask the honorable Senator who reported this
.rill, by v>h;i| warrant does he subject not only
the jurisdiction and action of the State courts,
but of the Federal courts, to this Freedmen's
Bureau; and in the conflict of authority between
the bureau and the Federal or State courts, by
what warrant of power does he provide that
"the President of the United States, through
the War Department and the Commissioner,
shall extend military jurischction and protection
over all employes, agents, and officers of this
bureau?" There are other sections of the bill
upon-whieh I shall comment as they are called
up by offering amendments to them. The bill
creates judicial powers; it authorizes the con-
struction of cases between citizens of the Uni-
ted States, if the negroes are 'citizens, between
a white man and a negro; and these cases,
that appertain, according to the Constitution
of the United States, to the judicial power of
the Government exclusively, are vested, or at-
tempted to be vested, by this bill, in the Com-
missioner, assistant commissioners, and agents
of this bureau; and if the courts, Federal or
State, are invoked to give the protection of the
Constitution and the laws to a white man who
is a party to one of these controversies, the
assistant commissioner oragent deciding against
the white man, and a conflict of jurisdiction
arises between the bureau and the courts, State
or Federal, the President is authorized by the
clause which I move to strike out to extend
military jurisdiction and protection to all the
assistant commissioners and agents of this bu-
re'au who are deciding against the Constitution,
against the law, and to the prejudice of the white
citizen. I enter my protest against the inter-
position of the military power for any such pur-
pose. It is directed by this clause to be invoked
and to operate for the utter subversion of the
courts of the States in the trial of judicial ques-
tions between the people of those States. I
therefore move that that portion of the bill be
stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The words proposed to
be stricken out confer no such judicial author-
ity at all. They simply put the officers and
employes of the Freedmen's Bureau under the
military jurisdiction and protection. They are
placed in the same situation as the officers and
soldiers of the Army. Does the Senator from
Kentucky understand that in a time of peace,
and where the courts are in operation, officers
and soldiers of the Army are not amenable to
the judicial authorities, both Federal and State?
Suppose a soldier or an officer in the Army be-
fore this war, or in any of the States where ju-
dicial authority has not been interfered with,
commits a crime upon any citizen of any State,
will he not be indicted in the State courts if it
is a violation of a State law, or in the Federal
courts if it is in violation of a law of the United
States, for the offense, and tried in the court
and punished if he be found guilty, just, the same
as if he were not an officer or a soldier? All
that is meant by this clause is simply that the
officers and agents of the bureau shall be under
the military jurisdiction. In those sections of
country where civil authority is not restored,
whence the United States courts have been ex-
pelled, and where justice cann ot be administered
in consequence of resistance to the law, where
the military power bears sway, of course they
cannot be tried in the courts; there arc no
courts there to try them; it is preposterous to
think of appealing to judicial tribunals where
there are no judicial tribunals ; but wherever
judicial tribunals exist and the civil authority is
maintained, officers and soldiers are amenable
to them for offenses just the same as other citi-
zens, and always have been. They are subject
to the Rules and Articles of War, and may be
governed by the military power, but for any vio-
lations of State law or United States law out-
side of the Army regulations they are amenable
to the civil authority.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire of the honorable
Senator if this bill does not vest judicial powers
in the assistant commissioners and the agents
under it. and whether it is in the competence \
of Congress by the passage of a law to confer a J
part of the judicial power of the Government |
upon such officers? The honorable Senator says j
that this section is intended to operate in the i
States where there are no courts, :if I under-
stand him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. I say. that these
officers and employes are put under the mili-
tary authority wherever they may be, and be-
come subject to the Buiesand Articles of War;
but I say they are not protected in the violation
of local law, and would still be amenable to. the
courts where the courts are in operation and
have not been disturbed by the rebellion.
Mr. DAVIS. -Mr. President, we will te'st
that presently; but that is not the effect and
meaning of the bill as it is printed. These
assistant commissioners and these agents take
jurisdiction of all contests between the freed
negro and the man that hires him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If theSenatorwillallow
me, the bill expressly confines that jurisdiction
to rebellious territory, where the military au-
thority prevails, and by its terms expressly ex-
cludes any such jurisdiction whenever the rebel-
lious territory, or States which have been in
rebellion, are restored in their constitutional
relations to the Government. If he will read
the latter part of the eighth section, he will find
that the only judicial authority conferred by tire
bill is in that section, and there it is declared
that—
The jurisdiction conferred by this section on the
officers and agents of this bureau to cease and deter-
mine when everthediscrimination on account of which
it is conferred ceases, and in no event to be exercised
in any State in which the ordinary course of judicial
proceedings has not been interrupted by the rebel-
lion, nor in any such State after said State shall have
been fully restored in all its constitutional relationsto
the United States, and the courts of tho State and of
the United States within the same are not disturbed
or stopped in tho peaceable course of justice.
That is the only judicial authority conferred
by the whole bill on the Freedmen's Bureau,
and it is expressly limited in its terms. I hope
the Senator from Kentucky will see that the po-
sition that he assumes is not in the bill. He
may object to it. I wish lie could agree to it;
I should be very happy to have his cooperation;
but if I cannot, I hope he will not fight against
it for something that is not in it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand this bill
as the honorable Senator does; and I think be-
fore we get through with it I shall demonstrate
that he and myself will have a conflict of opinion
in relation to this very matter upon other parts
of the bill; but I limit my objection at present
to this section. Now, sir, what is the effect of
the provision which I propose to strike out?
And the President of the United States, through the
War Department and the Commissioner, shall extend
military jurisdiction over the employ6s, agents, and
officers of this bureau.
Are the "employes, agents, and officers of
this bureau'' a part of the Army ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. .
Mr, DAVIS. I say they are not. The bill
does not make them so. ft makes them any-
thing else but a. part of the Army. The bill
makes them civil officers, and it invests them
with judicial powers and judicial functions, and
with the faculty of passing judgment and exe-
cutingthat judgmentbetweentheeitizensofthe
United States. It is in the performance of these
functions that the Senator has so framed his
bill as to authorize the President of the United
States to protect the assistant commissioners
and agents in the exercise of these judicial func-
tions in passing their judgments and in enfor-
cing tlicir judgments. I say it is not competent,
and it is dangerous and wrong, that any branch
of the magistracy—-you may call them judges,
you may call them assistant commissioners un-
der the Freedmen's Bureau, or you may call
them agents under the Freedmen's Bureau—
that are invested with judicial powers and with
the function to pass in judgment upon the rights
of citizens, shall have the power to invoke the
military to uphold their unconstitutional and
usurped authority. Sir, the whole jurisdiction
with which Jhis bill attempts to invest the bu-
reau is in direct conflict with the Constitution;
it is unconstitutional; it invests the bureau with
jadieial powers when the Constitution itself par-
titions the poweis of the Government and
assigns the judicialpowerto another branch ex-
clusively, to the courts established by the Con-
