1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
3B31
their not being so employed ; and any officer whose
absence from active field service during the war shall
be decided by a board of examiners, after full hear-
ing, to have been on account of his sympathy with
the rebellion or his unwillingness to serve actively
against the so-called confederate States, or any par-
ticular State, or the people of any State engaged in
rebellion, shall be reported the same as if found mor-
ally disqualified for the service.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That no officer
of the Army below the rank of colonel shall here-
after be promoted to a higher grade before having
passed a satisfactory examination as to his fitness for
promotion and record of past services before a board !
of three general officer*, or officers of his corps or arm j
of service who served in grades at least equal to his ;
own during the late war for the suppression of rebel- !
Hon; and should the officer fail at said examination, !
he shall be suspended from promotion for one ear, 1
when, if he still desires promotion, he shall, upon
application, be reexamined, and upon a second fail- 1
ure shall be dropped from the rolls of the Army: i
Provided, That if any o flic or bo found unfit for pro- '
motion on account of moral disqualifications he shall
not bo entitled to a reexamination.
No amendment being offered, i
The Clerk read as follows: 1
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted. That no person j
shall be appointed an officer hi the line or in any si all \
corps of the Army until he shall have parsed a satis-
factory examination before a board, to be convened
under direction of the Secretary of War, which shall
inquire into and take account of the services ren-
dered during the late war, as well as the capacity and
qualifications otherwise of the applicant; and such
appointment when made shall be without, regard to
previous rank, but with sole regard to qualifications
and meritorious "services.
No amendment being offered.
The Clerk read as follows: j
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted. That for the pur- j
pose of promoting knowledge of military science •.
among the young men of the United States, the Prov-
ident may, upon the application of an established col- |
lege or university within the United States, with euf- 1
ficient capacity to educate at one time not less than .
one hundred and fifty male student.-?, detail an ofliccr ,
of the Army to act as president, superintendent, or j
professor of such college or university ; that tho num- I
ber of officers so detailed bhall not exceed twenty at !
any time, and shall bo appointed through the United ;
States as nearly as practicable, according to popula- ,
tion, and shall be governed by general rules, to be pre-
scribed from time to time by the President. !
No amendment being offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That whenever
troops are serving at any post, garrison, or perma-
nent camp, there shall be established a school where
all enlisted men may be provided with instruction in
tho common English branches of education,andospe-
eially in the history of the United States; and the
Secretary of War is authorized and directed to detail
such commissioned and iioneoiiimiSMoiii'd officers as
may be necessary to carry out the provision^ of this
section.
No amendment being offered,
Tho Clerk read as follows:
Sue. 36. And be it further enacted, That any person
applying for a commission under the authority of
this act, and having permission to appear before a
board of examiner", shall be entitled, in case of
passing the examination, and being appointed or
commissioned, to ieceivo mileage from the place of
his residence to the place of examination, or such
portion of that. dL-tanee as he may actually travel,
the same as is paid to officers traveling under orders;
but shall be paid no other compensation.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted. That in constru-
ing this bill officeis who have heretofore been ap-
pointed or commissioned to serve with United States
colored troops shall be deemed and held to be officers
of volunteers.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That officers of
tho regular Army, who have also held commissions
as officers of volunteers shall not on that account be
held to be volunteers under the provisions of this act.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act shall be construed to authorize or permit tho
appointment to any position or office in the Army of
the United States of any person who has served in
any capacity in the military or naval service of the
so-called confederate States during the late lebellion;
but any such appointment shall he held illegal and
void.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move to amend that
section by inserting before the word " military,''
in the fifth line, the word " civil, " so that it
shall read, " civil, military, or naval service."
I move, also, to strikeout the words "so-called
confederate States." and to insert in lieu thereof
the word "rebels."
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
the introduction of tho word "civil;" but I
do object to the latter part of the gentleman's
amendment. The words "so-called confed-
erate States" define the service in which these
men were. They certainly professed to be in
somebody's service, and they were in the ser-
vice of a government de facto, however unlaw-
fully or wrongly, which was known all over the
world as "the confederate States." I will
agree to the gentleman's suggestion to insert
the word "civil," and then if he chooses to
ask a vote upon his other amendment he can
do so.
Mr. FARQUHAR. .T will move, then, first
to insert the word " civil" before the word
" military.''
The amendment was agreed to.
wn,i,i.v.ii 1'iKiici:.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill of the
Senate (No. 231) for the relief of William Pierce,
was laid upon the table.
The motion was entered.
army bill—again.
Mr. FAllQUHAR. I move now to strike
out the words "so-called confederate States"
and to insert in lieu thereof the word "rebels."
[ wish to get the word "rebels" into the bill.
I desire to call things by their right names. 1
recollect no order emanating from our distin-
guished Secretary of War, either during the
rebellion or since the rebellion, in which he has
designated the men who took up arms to destroy
this (Jovermnent by any other name than that
of rebels. I think that is right. 1 desire to
call things by their right names, and therefore
I otfer this amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman will observe
that (he words "during the late rebellion" fol-
low immediately after the words which he pro-
poses to strike out. His amendment, ifadopted,
would therefore be tautology.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will move to insert after
the words " the so-callcd confederate States"
the words "or of either of the States in insur-
rection."
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest a phrase
which 1 think covers the whole ground. It is
this: "or otherwise in aid of tho rebellion."
Nothing can be broader than that. It embraces
all kinds of people.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that, and I hope the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Faiiqi'IIab] will accept it as a modifica-
tion of his amendment.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I will accept it as an
amendment to my amendment.
The question was taken ; and Mr. Fauquhak'm
amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move the following as an
additional section, to come in after section
thirty-nine:
And be it further enacted, That in all eases where a
volunteer officer lias been appointed in tho regular
Army to the same rank or grade wbich he may have
held in tho volunteer service, or to any lower rank or
grade, his name shall be borne on the Army Register
with the date of his volunteer appointment, ;uid lie
shall take rank as with continuous service from lhat
date.
The section was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted. That all leaders
of bands of music in the United States Army who now
have tho pay of second lieutenants shall be styled
"band-masters," with the privilege of wearing tho
shoulder straps of a second lieutenant, with a lyre
thereon to indicate their position: Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall add to the rank, pay,
or emoluments of such band-masters.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sue. 41. And be it further enacted. That nothing
herein contained shall be construed as affecting ex-
isting laws respecting the rank, pay, and allowances
of chaplains of the Army, but the same shall remain
as now established hy the act entitled "An aet to
amend section nine of the act approved July 17,1862,
entitled 'An act to define the pay and emoluments
of certain officers of the Array, and for other pur-
poses,'" approved April 9,1861.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend this section
by striking out the following:
But the same shall remain as now established by
the act entitled "An act to amend section nineof the
act approved July 7,1862, entitled ' An act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of tho
Army, and for other purposes,'" approved April 9,
1864.
I call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs [Mr. Scheuck]
to the amendment I have offered, and will say
that I offer it for the reason that these cases
have been provided for in the recent bill to
regulate the pay of the Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paixe] is correct. 1 was about
to move a similar amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 4-. .1 ad be it further enacted. That nothing
in this net shall ho const rued to affect in any way
the linreau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands as now established by law.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War be, and ho is hereby, directed to have
prepared, and to repoit to Congress at its next ses-
sion, a code of regulations for tho government of the
Army and of the mih.ia in actual service, which
shall embraco all necessary orders and forms of a
general character for tho performance of all duties
incumbent on officers and men in the military ser-
vice, including rales for the government of courts-
martial. The existing regulations to remain in force
until Congress shall have acted on said roport.
Mr. DAVIS. In the sentence of this sec-
tion which now reads, "the existing regula-
tions to remain in force until Congress shall
have acted on said report," 1 move to insert
after the word "regulations" the words "sub-
ject to the power of amendment as authorized
by existing law." As the section now stands
the existing regulations would be made fixed
and unchangeable until Congress shall take
action. The existing law authorizes the Pres-
ident and the Secretary of War to modify the
Army Regulations. If we pass the section in
its present form it will take away from those
officers the power to alter any of the existing
regulations.
Mr. SCHENCK. This provision of tho bill
did not originate with the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, but with a gentleman who has been
connected with both the War Department and
the Navy Department as a law officer and ad-
viser in relation to just such matters. It is a
.singular fact that by the Constitution Congress
alone has authority to make rules and regula-
tions for the Army, and have never empowered
the making of any regulations except perhaps
in regard to the staff. It has been assumed
that the regulations as they now exist are all
legal: they have been acted upon as such ; the
question has never been distinctly made in any
court, martial. There would be some very cu-
rious developments if the history of military
law in this country should be followed back.
And until something is actually done by Con-
gress it is thought advisable to legalize the
existing regulations.
The provision reported by the committee is
precisely the one which was agreed upon, after
a full consideration of this whole matter, with
the law adviser of one of the military depart-
ments of the Government. And to give the
force of law in advance to anything and every-
thing in tho shape of general orders and regu-
lations—they are usually made now in the form
ofgeneral orders-—I think would be carrying the
matter to a very dangerous extreme indeed.
1 propose to stop, therefore, with the legaliza-
tion of what now exists until Congress can act
under the Constitution upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. If that be the existing law I
have nothing to say; but if I am able to read
that is not the existing law. The statute which
I had before me yesterday recognized the code
of regulations which was prepared in 1821, or
at some subsequent period, and then gave the
power of amendment to the President and the
Secretary of War.
Mr. PAINE. I move, pro forma, to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
