1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
the other members of the Committee on Print-
ing are not present, that they proposed first to
wait for the publication of the whole of these
documents, and they reduced the number at
my instance. As they are not present I think
common courtesy would dictate that the matter
should go over. They may be here to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 thing it best to settle
the question whether the document shall be
printed or not. The number is not material.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The rest of the com-
mittee, the Senator from Delaware says, are
satisfied with the number he has reported. I
do not see the necessity for postponing it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a reason for
settling it now. 1 understand the type is now
upon the press, and it will be distributed soon ;
it is inconvenient to keep it; and if wo are go-
ing to order the printing, tlie order had better
be made now, because if it is delayed it will
involve setting up the type'again.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am one of a sub-com-
mittee to which was referred the consideration
of the condition of the States of Louisiana,
Texas, and Florida ; and it is due to truth and
justice that I should say that the imputations
of the Senator from Kent ucky, so far as that
sub-committee is concerned, are entirely un-
founded in fact. I have to say that no appli-
cation has been made to that sub-committee
for the examination of any witnesses which has
been rejected, but, on the contrary, every per-
son who has been suggested as a witness, has
been subpoenaed and examined without any
reference to the party by whom the suggestion
was made. Governor Marvin, who is here
claiming to be admitted as a Senator from the
State of Florida, was brought before that com-
mittee for examination, and was partly ex-
amined, but he was called away and his exami-
nation was not concluded; it will be resumed
when he returns, if he desires it.
I suppose it is known to the honorable Sen-
ator that Genera] Lee, Governor Sharkey, and
other men, have been brought before this com-
mittee and examined; but it is not true in any
respect that any persons who were competent
to testify in reference to the condition of af-
fairs in the southern States have been excluded
because they were supposed to be favorable or
unfavorable to one side or the other; and I have
to say now to the honorable Senator that so far
as the sub-committee is concerned of which I
have the honor to be the chairman, if ho knows
of any man in this city or elsewhere who would
be a competent witness as to the state of affairs
in Louisiana, Texas, or Florida, I am willing to
have him subpoenaed, and perfectly willing to
examine him so thatallthe facts may be brought
to light and the country may be fully advised
as to the condition of these States.
I supposed that these facts were known to
the honorable Senator, and certainly it seems
to me that before he indulges in such whole-
sale denunciations of a committee he should
take some pains to advise himself of the facts ;
and the assumption that this committee, so far
as I know its proceedings, has declined to ex-
amine anybody, is an assumption that is not
founded in fact.
Mr. DAVIS. A gentleman who would stand
with the honorable Senator who took his seat
last, or any Senator, or any man in this nation,
gave me this information, that he directed a
letter to a member of the committee suggest-
ing his desire to have witnesses called beiore
the committee for examination, and inquiring
whether he would be allowed that privilege,
and he told me he had received a letter from a
Senator informing him that the committee were
supposed to be impartial, and that they would
make the necessary and full and impartial ex-
amination. but whether he would be allowed to
introduce witnesses or not the gentleman who
wrote to him in reply said that he was not
informed. 'That is the information which came
to me, and I presume it will appear before long
in the papers. How this correspondence is I
know not, except upon his statement of a man
of as much truth and rectitude as breatnes the
breath of life.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator a question in order simply to understand
him. Do 1 understand him to have stated that
this gentleman of whom he has spoken ex-
pressed a desire to bring witnesses before the
committee; that he might select witnesses that
should go before the committee? Do I under-
stand him correctly ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; he told me that he
had expressed his desire to that effect in his
letter to a member of the committee, and he
had at his room that evening a.n ex- Governor of
the State of North Carolina, Governor Swayne.
In relation to the general charges made by
the Senator from Massachusetts of cruel and
inhuman treatment oMie negro soldiers in
Kentucky, I do not believe one word of them.
That Senator is misinformed. Here is the
plain charge of General Fisk in a very few and
simple words in liis speech at Cincinnati a few
weeks ago:
" Only the day before yesterday, in Lexington, thir-
teen discharged colored soldiers stood in the street,
in full sight of Henry Clay's monument, with their
bodies lacerated, their baoks bleeding irom the ei ucl
lash, their heads cut to tlie scalp, and one or two of
them with their eye put out: and what for, do you
suppose? Simply for goin? to their former masters
and asking for their wives ;mdchildren, I appealed
to the civil authorities in their behalf, but was told
that there was no law 111 Kentucky to help thorn."
Who can believe that statement after hear-
ing the proof which I have read? I believe all
of the witnesses whose statements I have read
except Mr. Johnson are radicals of the ex-
tremest kind. Here is this General Fisk detail-
ing facts—facts of great enormity, of the ex-
tremest cruelty, and of very considerable effects
upon the .persons of theseabused soldiers; and
when this committee upon its official examina-
tion, resorting to all the radicals in Lexington
to give statements in relation to these charges,
certify that they never heard of them and they
believe that they could not have happened
without their knowing of the facts, it is impos-
sible that any fair-minded man can give the
least credit to any such charges.
Sir, whenever a negro makes complaint to
the civil authorities of Kentucky of having
suffered such outrages as these, and the civil
authorities and the civil law do not give him
immediate and ample redress, 1 shall denounce
my own native State and those who are em-
ployed and trusted to execute its laws; but no
such transactions as these ever happened in
the State of Kentucky, and I defy the Senator
from Massachusetts to give the parties, the
time, place, and circumstance. There may
have been a melie, a military conflict there,
and there may have been some raids in which
there was a collision between whites and blacks,
where outrages were perpetrated ; but for an
outrage to be deliberately perpetrated upon a
negro byawhite man, in as atrocious a manner
as is here charged by General Fisk, and for
the civil authorities to inform him that the taws
of the land afforded no redress for such wrongs,
is as basely false as it is possible for anything
to be.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise,_ Mr. President,
being a member of the committee of fifteen, to
say that with very good opportunities furnished
from day to day of witnessing the conduct of
that committee, both in the aggregate and in
the subdivisions, I have never seen the slightest
reason to doubt their perfect impartiality; and
I have some reason in relation to some of the
committee actually to know that there never
has been an instance in which an application
has Been made by anybody who had any claim
to confidence, that subpoenas might be issued
for persons to appear before such committee,
that it has not been cheerfully granted. In the
committee that was investigating the condition
of the State of Tennessee, the Senator will
find in the paper printed containing the memo-
rial of citizens of Tennessee that there were
fifteen witnesses examined, and I know by an
authority which I am sure may be relied upon
that of those fifteen thirteen were requested to
be summoned by the members or those claim-
ing to be members from the State of Tennessee
or were the members themselves.
The Senate are not to be told that in relation,
to some of tlie proceedings of the-committee,-
as far as they have been disclosed to the Sen-
ate, it has been my jnisfortune or my goodfor-
tune, as the result may prove, to have differed
from them; but it is due to truth, it is due to
them as gentlemen, it is due to them as officers
of the Senate as well as officers of the House,
to say that although I have differed with them
and may perhaps differ with them again, I have
never seen the slightest reason even to suspect
that they designed anything that was not per-
fectly just and fair. Certainly there never has
been, in my presence, the least indication that
they intended anything that was not perfectly
fair. No partiality, I am sure, was at any time
thought of or dreamed of. Whether they are
right in what they have done as far as the meas-
ures which they have so far devised are con-
cerned, or whether they will bo right in the
future, is a matter "upon which there may, be
differences of opinion ; but as far as intent is
concerned it gives me great pleasure to bear
testimony to the high character which they hav#
throughout sustained.
Mr. CONNESS. The complaint made by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky is of a
peculiar character; at least it so appears to me.
A certain party complains that he had not a
right to selcct. witnesses to thrust before the
committee when lie chose and whom he chose.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to correct him?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman who made that
statement to me did not make it in the form of
a complaint; he just stated it as a fact.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, we
will not debate about that. I used the word
"complaint" in a sense different from that in
which the Senator understands it. 1 was about
to say that that was a very different proposi-
tion from that presented by a responsible cit-
izen stating to the committee that lie had in-
formation which would throw light upon public
affairs and asking to be summoned before them.
I can easily conceive how a committee would
not permit a citizen to select witnesses for them
to examine, and how if they did their investi-
gations might be prolonged through the entire
session, and they bo unable to report, at all.
I did not rise for the purpose, as the Senator
may very well understand, to make any per-
sonal issue with him here. I have great re-
spect personally for the honorable Senator. I
believe in his individual kindness of heart; but
I think the Senator goes too far when he puts
his opinion of the humanity of the people of
Kentucky against the positive testimony of re-
sponsible witnesses. The,Senator, it will be
remembered, has been rather unfortunate in
always having had since this war began—cer-
tainly during "that part of it that has been eon-
ducted since I have had the honor of beinghere
and the pleasure of being the Senator's asso-
ciate—Government officers, military officers, in
Kentucky who were eternally engaged in com-
mitting u fiendish outrages." There hafe been
no military administration that I know of in
Kentucky by the United States authorities that
has met the approbation of the honorable Sen-
ator. If the honorable Senator's speeches could
be collected and put together which consisted
of attacks upon military men holding commis-
sions under the United States in Kentucky,
they would make quite a large book. We can-
not forget—I shall not, for I had the pleasure
of immediate neighborhood with the honorable
Senator at that lime—his description of the ad-
ministration of General Palmer in Kentucky,
how he invaded personal rights^and rights of
property, and drove off flocks of hogs.
Mr. DAVIS. General Burbridge.
Mr. CONNESS. General Burbiidge it was
who took the hogs. Well, sir, it only adds
another officer to the number who offended
against the honorable Senator and the State
that he represents here. I am of the opinion,
and I think the honorable Senator should be
of the opinion by this time, that military ad-
ministration in Kentucky by the Government
