1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4291
assassination rewards.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now renew the motion
to take up House bill No. 801.
Mr. CONNESS. Has not that bill been
reported to-day?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir; yesterday.
Mr. CONNESS. Did it not come from the
House to-day?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; yesterday.
Tlio PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of the bill will be read.
The Secretary. A bill authorizing the
payment of the rewards offered by the Presi-
dent of the United States and the officers of
the War Department in April and May, 1865,
for the capture of Jefferson Davis and the as-
sassins of the late President, Abraham Lincoln,
and the Secretary of State, Hon. William H.
Seward.
Mr. CONNESS;. Is not one objection suf-
ficient to arrest the consideration of that bill
to-day?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not,
in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. When did it come into
the Senate?
Mr. HOWARD. It came here yesterday,
and was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and has been reported back from that
committee.
Mr. CONNESS. Was it not reported back
to-day?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I submit to the Chair
whether this is not the same day on which that
bill was reported. There has been no adjourn-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
the same, in the recollection of the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. There has been no ad-
iournment. I submit the question as a ques-
tion of order to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that it came from the Bfcuse on the
27th of July.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit that, accord-
ing to our days, the 27th of July does not ex-
pire, unless there be an adjournment, until
noon of the 28th. On the 3d of March we
continue in session until twelve o'clock on the
4th, and it has been so settled by the practice
of the Government, unless there is an adjourn-
ment. We have had no adjournment, and the
Journal will show that all the business we are
now doing is done on the 27th. I think that
is the way the Journals have always been kept,
unless there is an adjournment.
_ Mr. MeDOUGALL. If that be so I should
like to understand it definitively. It is a strange
thing to me if our adjournment stands on the
27th.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. It is always
so on the 3d of March. The 3d of March
reaches to twelve o'clock on the 4th. The
session of to-day does not begin until twelve
o'clock. That is the standing rule of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. POMEROY. The Clerk corrected the
Journal. The Senator from Maine moved that
the Senate take a recess this morning until
nine o'clock, but the Journal was corrected,
so that it reads that the Senate adjourned at
seven o'clock to meet at nine o'clock to-day;
so that this is the next day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My motion was to take
a recess from seven until nine o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to know what
is before the Senate. Will the Chair decide
the question of order?
Mr. POMEROY. I was in the chair, and
the motion of the Senator from Maine was
corrected so as to make it an adjournment
instead of a rccess, because it seemed to be
necessary, as we had agreed to adjourn on to-
day, that we should have a session to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The record stands cor-
rected then, does it?
Mr. POMEROY. The Journal is correct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question as to when
the day ends was settled by a decision under
Fillmore's administration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The bill
before the Senate will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that is done I
ask permission to make a report.
.The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive it, if there be no objection.
soldiers' income tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I found in the room
of the Committee on Finance a joint resolu-
tion, which was sent there yesterday, entitled a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 155) to prevent
the further enforcement of the joint resolution
No. 77, approved July 4, 1864, against officers
and soldiers of the United States who have
been honorably discharged, so as to relieve
them from the further payment of the special
five per cent, income tax imposed thereby.
We have had no time to examine it, and I ask
leave to report it back and it may lie on the
table, unless gentlemen, in consideration of
their love for the soldiers, appeal to us to take
it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
on the table, no objection being made.
Mr. WADE. I move that wo proceed to the
consideration of that bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The award bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. WADE. Let us pass this bill exempt-
ing pensions from taxation.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is far more impor-
tant.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution cannot be con-
sidered at the present time.
assassinatio.n rewards.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
801, authorizing the payment of the rewards
offered by the President of the United States,
&c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill will be proceeded with.
Mr. HOWE. I will submit a motion which
I suppose is in order without the reading of
the bill, and that is, to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until the first Monday
in December next. That motion is in order,
I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill providesfor the
distribution of a sum of money which was prom-
ised by the Government of the United States
to the captors of the murderers of Abraham
Lincoln and also to the captors of Jefferson
Davis. The money is acknowledged to be due,
and it is due to soldiers every one of whom
spent days and nights of faithful labor in earn-
ing this reward promised by the Government.
The award has bpen made by the concurrence
of the legislative and military authorities after
the most critical examination that was ever
made of any claim. The bill was passed by
the House of Representatives after a full de-
bate ; and now for us to deny these men this
justice, it seems to me, is very harsh treat-
ment. I have seen within two days some of
these soldiers about the galleries, who have
been waiting here for this little sum of money;
in some cases only $250, in some cases ยง150.
One of those soldiers bears two wounds upon
his body; he is pale and emaciated ; he has not
got five dollars in his pocket; and yet his
brain and activity captured Booth; and he is
now here awaiting the action of this body
on this claim. I do not believe there-is on
the Calendar a more meritorious claim to a
more deserving set of persons, or a claim as
just and well founded as this. 1 hope that the
Senate, as the last act of this session, will do
justice to this class of people. All the bene-
ficiaries except one, andthatis Mr. Baker, are
men who are poor and need this money, and
delay is very harsh and severe treatment to
them. Many of them are soldiers of Ohio,
Michigan, and Indiana; thegreatbodyof them,
I believe, from the State of Michigan. It seems
to me but an act of justice, and I hope the
Senate will pass the bill. The great bulk of
the bill consists simply of the names of soldiers
and the amounts set opposite their names. The
bill is not a very long one with the exception
of the list of names, which nobody can desire
to have read unless it be for the mere con-
sumption of time.
Mr. HOWARD. I really hope that the
Senate will not postpone this bill, but that they
will take it up and pass it. I think simple jus-
tice requires that we should proceed with it
and distribute the rewards which have been
honestly earned by these officers and soldiers,
so that they may know what is theirs. There
are many of them who are necessitous. I am
well acquainted with the gentleman to whom
the Senator from Ohio refers. I know him to
be a brave and honest and honorable officer.
He is deserving of the money; he is now wait-
ing for it; he is poor, languishing even now
under the wounds he received in the service,
needing this money to pay his honest debts and
even to pay his fare to get out of the city. I
hope the bill will not be postponed.
Mr. HOWE. 1 have no sort of objection to
the amount of this award paid for the capture
of Booth and his accomplices being distributed
to-day or to-morrow or any other day. I have
no interest in it and care nothing about it. I
do not know but that that award has been care-
fully considered; I do not know but that it is
just; but this bill distributes another sum of
money awarded for the capture of Jefferson
Davis.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to say to the
Senator that the gentleman who made this re-
port, Mr. Dei.axo, my colleague in the House,
suggested to me that if there was any question
about the distribution of the reward in regard
to the capture of J efferson Davis, that, which
is the bulk of the bill, might be stricken out,
if you could do it in time to send it back to the
House to concur in the amendment, leaving
that distribution to come up hereafter. The
persons interested in that award are not here,
but at a distance, while the others are soldiers
employed about here and lying in wait for this
money. If the Senator desires that course, I
should be sorry for it, but still I am willing that
he should make such an amendment.
Mr. HOWE. If that part ofit can be stricken
out, I have no objection to make to the passage
of the residue of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Move to strike it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. Lot it be stricken out.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; proceed with the
bill and let that amendment be made.
The PRESIDENT joro tempore. The motion
to postpone is with drawn.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that by unani-
mous consent the reading of the names be
dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWE. Now, if the Clerk can report
that part of the bill which refers to the capture
of Mr. Davis I will submit a motion.
The Secretary. "For the capture of Jef-
ferson Davis: to private Cornelius Carroll,
$166 76''  
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the words read and all succeeding,
including the names of the soldiers who are to
share in that award.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to amend the bill by striking out what will now
be read.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is hardly necessary to
read all the names. There are some two or
three hundred of them.
The PR EN I DENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the bill be amended by striking out that
