1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
of the United States cannot and perhaps will
not be conducted to suit the Senator. If it
had been so conducted during the war, I beg
to say, and I say it with all consideration for
the Senator, that I think it -would not have
been half as effective against the enemies of
the country as it has been.
And as to this investigation being conducted
now by the Senate into the condition of the
• rebel States, 1 do not think it will be conducted
to suit the honorable Senator; it evidently has
not been thus far; and if he would only wait
until the Senate can be constructed as he in-
voked the President the other day to construct
it, out of twenty-two rebel Senators with the
honorable Senator himself and his political
associates in this body, and a few of our—
shall I say friends, or former friends; I leave
that to be settled by the gentlemen them-
selves—then 1 think the honorable Senator
could get up a committee that would investi-
gate the condition of the rebel States to his
liking.
* But, Mr. President, the country, as I under-
stand it at the present time and as I think I
see it, and as we all see it, is in no humor for
such an investigation as the honorable Senator
might have made under these circumstances.
They desire a knowledge of the condition of
affairs obtained through other channels; and
they are satisfied with the integrity of Con-
gress, with the integrity of the committee
through whom Congress is making the inquiry,
ami 1 think they are rather determined that
neither the Senate projected by the honorable
Senator in his speech the other day nor any
investigation to be made by it shall ever occur.
That is all 1 have to say; it is simply that
there is no satisfying my honorable friend from
Kentucky. There appears to be a radical dif-
ference between him in the very constitution
of his mind, for he is certainly honest and
earnest, and other tninds here. The war was
not conducted according to his plan ; it was
conducted according to ours. It was a success
and is a success; it would not have been a
success in my humble judgment on the plan of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky. 1 have
the same opinion as to investigations ; and the
committee certainly stand in no fear of their
credit being affected by any charge made here
by the honorable Senator founded upon a com-
plaint—J use the term again in the sense that
1 lirst used it—made by a citizen known to the
Senator from Kentucky, and whom ho indorses
here lor not having had the privilege of bring-
ing whom lie pleased, and 1 suppose when ho
pleased, before that committee to give testi-
mony.
A word to the question before the body. T
am against, the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Printing, and in favor of print-
ing the largest number, and I would sooner
increase than decrease the number. There is
nothing that is of more consequence than that
the greatest number of the people should un-
derstand the exact condition of the rebel States.
It they are in such a condition as to entitle
them to representation hero and to participa-
tion in all the branches of the Government,
they should be admitted to it. If they are not,
thev should not be. At any rate, all the facts
should appear. That subject should be thrown
among the real leaders of popular opinion, the
people of iho United States.
As to the denial set up by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, 1 am sure but a small
number of persons will agree with him that
the statements or assertions of any one can be
put against the absolute testimony of promi-
nent men of established character. I doubt
not that the honorable Senator would not stand
by and permit, if he knew it, outrages such as
are described against negroes. Though he does
not profess to have any love for them, there
are those manly instincts that I know the Sen-
ator has which would not permit him to bo quiet
or silent, nay, whiuh would drive him to the side
of the sufferer, and make him an active agent
m his behalf and for his delivery, if he Was
cognizant of the fact. But the difficulty with
the honorable Senator, as it appears to me,
is that his confidences have been given and are
still given in favor of a class of men whose
humanity cannot he measured as generously
as that of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky himself.
To hear the honorable Senator speak of Ken-
tucky and of the South generally, one would
suppose that there were not any negro haters ;
one would suppose that a negro in the South
had never been hunted down into the swamps
and jungles by bloodhounds; one would sup-
pose that in no part of this country had the
auction-block been made the medium of sep-
arating and scattering and dividing members
of the same family. 'Aat beastly and brutal
system in its theory and structure has passed
away; the scattered and mangled and disgust-
ing fragments of it still lie around in the coun-
try ; society is still to be purged from the mis-
erable miasm that has grown up from those
putrid fragments. The people are determined
that that work shall be done ; .and permit me to
say to the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
that his efforts in the way of that work being
accomplished are as idle as the passing wind.
There is a sentiment of justice innate and in-
stinctive in the American mind, now brought
up, thank God, to the highest condition of
energy and action, that, depend upon it, will
see that the work shall be completely done.
Now, Mr. President, that evidence of the
facts as they exist shall go abroad among the
people should be the first purpose, and there-
fore I am in favor of scattering the evidence
that this distinguished and able committee have
taken as broadcast as possible among the peo-
ple.
Mr. DAVIS and Mr. TRUMBULL rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore recognized
the Senator from Illinois,
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 was in hopes that we
could get rid of this question, but it seems that
it is to be discussed all day. I must therefore
now interpose a motion to postpone this and
all other business and take up 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us finish this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be for finish-
ing this, but the Senator must see that the Sen-
ator from Kentucky rises to take the floor and
there is no telling when he will take his seat.
[Laughter. ] If there were any probability that
we could have a vote in half an hour I should
not think of making the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Illinois
bases his remark, I suppose, upon the extent
of the provocation that has been offered to
me ; but 1 promise him that I shall occupy but
a few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will get
through in a few minutes, I shall not now make
my motion.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
California says there is a difference between
myself and other Senators. There is; and that
differenceis mainly that in thiswar and in all of
its operations I have stood steadily by the Con-
stitution of my country. I wanted the policy of
the Government in conducting the war to be
shaped by the Constitution; and I have always
voted and I always will vote against all meas-
ures that are infractions of the Constitution.
The honorable Senator says 1 have spoken
enough to make a small volume upon the mili-
tary administration of Kentucky. I assure the
honorable Senator that I have not spoken one
tenth of the truth, and of the enormous truth
in regard to the military administration of Ken-
tucky ; and if in his magnanimity and his con-
sciousness of personal and party strength he
would give me a fair committee, of which I do
not desire to be a member, to investigate the
military administration of Kentucky, if I do
not by the most irrefragable proof and by the
judgment of impartial men establish the con-
clusion that the amount and the enormity of
maladministration in that State exceeds ten-
fold everything that I have charged, I shall then
wiiiidraw the charges.
Now, Mr. President, I will advert to a single
item of military maladministration in that State
to which the honorable Senator has referred.
There are sold annually in the State of Ken-
tucky either to the Cincinnati or Louisville
markets about five hundred thousand fat hogs.
During the winter before last the market price
at Cincinnati was ruling from twelve to fourteen
dollars, according to quality. The military au-
thorities got together and made regulations that
no hog should be driven or exported out of the
State; that every owner of hogs should sell
them at from seven and a half to eight dollars
to the' military agents; if they refused to sell
they would go to their pens, pull down their
pens, and drive the hogs to a slaughter-house
which they had opened for the purpose of kill-
ing all the hogs of the State, and they made
orders prohibiting all other slaughter-houses
from operating, and prohibiting all transporta-
tion of hogs either to Louisville or Cincinnati.
These monopolizers by arbitrary military power,
by military maladministration,which the honor-
able Senator from California not only excuses
but justifies, made a swindling arrangement,
based upon force and military power, by which
they would rob the feeders of the hogs of that
State of one half of the proceeds of those hogs
in market.
This abuse was complained of to the then
President, and he directed it to be corrected,
but before it was corrected those who engaged
in it had plundered the farmers and feeders of
Kentucky of several hundred thousand dollars.
I am not going to refer to any other instance
of military maladministration. I have given
a specimen of it, and it is but one of many speci-
mens. The honorable Senator from California
dare not—I defy him, and I challenge him and
those who are associated with him on this
floor to raise a fair and impartial committee to
investigate the military maladministration in
Kentucky. It would disclose iniquity, enor-
mity, oppression, and crime enough to damn
any political party that ever had existence.
But, sir, I shall say no more.
Mr. HEN DR1CKS. I do not think it is
profitable to protract this debate, and there-
fore I shall not occupy the time of the Senate
at any length. I rise simply to say that 1 think
the Senate ought to pay some attention to econ-
omy in the public printing. It has gone up from
a few hundred thousand dollars to about two
millions per annum now. Whether this is the
result of extravagant orders on the part of Con-
gress, or of the mismanagement of the public
printing by the officers having it in charge, I
cannot say ; but certainly in these times we
ought to introduce some economy. As, how-
ever, this proposition does not involve any con-
siderable expenditure, and as it is to present
to the country the labors of a very important,
although I think an unnecessary, committee
of this and the other body, I shall vote for the
resolution as reported by the Senator from
Delaware.
On the subject that has been debated I have
just a word to say. Every patriot must feel
that the restoration of social and political rela-
tions between the distracted portions of this
country is of the highest importance, that com-
merce and trade may return to their ancient
channels, that prosperity, contentment, and
happiness may spring up in every portion of the
country; and in view of this fact I do not know
any wickedness so great, any act so atrocious,
as a misrepresentation of the feelings and eon-
duct of one section of the countrv to the people
of the other section of the country. If 1 were
speaking to one section of this country of the
condition of another section in the present state
of affairs, I should regard myself as put upon
the highest honor that a patriot can owe to his
country to speak the truth and nothing but the
truth; and there is no party on earth or in
heaven, in my judgment, whether an officer of
the Freedmen's Bureau, or a general in com-
mand, or a private citizen, or the highest offi-
cial, who can be excused if he misrepresents
the facts as to the conduct and sentiments of
the people of one portion of the country to the
people of another portion.
I have thought it unfortunate that this com-
