2372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman yield 1
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
that he had bettor allow a day or two for some
friends to amend this bill. There are reasons
why a great many of us cannot now vote for it,
but we may amend it> so as to pass it. I hope
the gentleman will consider whether it is pru-
dent to take the sense of the House upon it now.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield for
that purpose unless we fix, say to-morrow after
the morning hour, for its consideration.
Mr. ROSS. I think we had better have it
1 postponed, say to-morrow two weeks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois objects.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I insist on
the demand for the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 45, noes 57.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Ashley, of Ohio, and Le Blond.
The House divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 46, noes 63.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I now move to refer
it to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. 1 hope it will not
be committed unless the House is disposed to
reject it entirely. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I desire myself that
some day may be assigned for the consideration
of this important question, and I hope it may
be an early day. I do not wish to send this to
the committee if it can be avoided, but rather
than be driven to a vote upon it to-day, I
shall insist that it go to the committee. But I
trust the chairman of the committee will name
an early day for the consideration of this bill.
There are great principles involved in it.
Mr. ASHLE1, of Ohio. I will name Mon-
day, after the morning hour.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the special order.
The SPEAKER. This is before the House
now, by its order to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table. ♦
Mr. ROSS. Can I ask for the reading of
the bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can de-
mand it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is the special
order?
'the SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are two special orders in the House, made
some time since, operating after the expiration
of the morning hour, one to establish the grade
of general in the Army and the other in regard
to the pay of officers of the Army, both coming
from the Committee on Military Affairs. On
Tuesday next, immediately after the reading
of the Journal, the constitutional amendment
reported from the committee on reconstruction
is made the special order. On Wednesday and
Thursday, immediately after the reading of the
Journal, the two bills reported by that commit-
tee are also made special oiders to continue
until disposed of. Besides that, there is the
tax bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, which has been made the special
order in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for next Monday, after the morn-
ing hour.
That is the condition of the business of the
House with regard to special orders.
Mr._ ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I ask that
this bill be assigned for next Monday, after the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The special orders now
made can only be overridden by unanimous
consent.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I shall object, if
it is to interfere with other special orders
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If it should be made
a special order for Monday, could it not be post-
poned by a vote of a majority of the House?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Very well; then-I
cannot see why the House should not consent
to let it be made the special order for Monday,
and then, if a majority of the House prefers to
take up the tax bill, they can postpone this
measure and take that up. The matter will be
within the control of a majority of the House.
It seems to me that to refer this bill to the
Committee on Territories would be to kill it.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what is intended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
that is what is intended, but I do not desire to
see it killed. If any gentlemen here have op-
position to make to this bill, I am willing that
they shall have a fair opportunity of presenting
their views to the House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I make the prop-
osition that we go on with the bill now, and if
gentlemen have anything to say, or have any
amendments to offer, do it now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The question is on refer-
ring the bill to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I demand the pre-
vious question on that motion.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to hear that bill read
before we are called to vote upon it.
The bill was read.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I make that motion.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
, Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Before the vote is
taken, I ask the Chair to state the question to
the House distinctly, so that it may be under-
stood.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Chanler,] that the bill do lie upon the table.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Which would kill
the bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 29, nays 109, not voting
45; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Blaine, Boyer,
Chanler. Coffroth, Darling, Dawson, Denison, Kld-
ridge, Finok, Glider, Aaron Harding, Harris, Le
Blond, Marshall, McCulloch, Nibiack, Pike, Ray-
mond, Bitter, Boss, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse,
Taylor, Thornton, Vi'inlieUl, and Wright—29.
NAYS — Messi-s. Alley. Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos B. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin.
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blow, Boutwell, Br and eye e. Bromirell, Broom-
all, Buekland, Bundy, Keader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conklmg, Cullom, Defrees, Deming,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Duniont, Eckley,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grin-
nell, Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Henderson,
Higby, Holmes, Asaliel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll. Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley,
Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, MoClurg, McKcc, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Pcrharn, Phelps,
Plants, Alexander H. Rice, .John H. Rice, Rollins,
Sawyer, S eh en ok, Seofield, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Stevens, Stilwell, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Burt Yan Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner,
Elihu B. Wa.shburne, Henry D. Washburn, Welkcr,
Whalev, Williams, JamesF. AVilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Wood br id ire—109.
NOT-VOTING — Messrs, Bidwell, Cook, Culver,
Davis. Dawes, Delano, Eggleston, G1 ossbrenner, Good-
year, Hale, Hayes. Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Hotrhkiss,
Dcmas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
beli, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr,
Marston, Marvin, Mclndoe, Nicholson, Noell, Pome -
roy, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II.
Randall, Rogers, Rousseau, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Ta-
ber, Thaver, Francis Thomas, Trimble, VanAernam,
Ward, William B. Washburn, and Wentworth—45.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CHANLER said: My colleague, Mr.
James M. Humphrey, has paired off with Mr.
Pomeroy.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that if the previous question is seconded and
the main question ordered, and the motion to
refer is then voted down, the previous ques-
tion would not be exhausted until the bill has
passed its third reading.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Rice] will withdraw
his call for the previous question and let the
question be taken upon tho motion to refer,
and I hope the motion to refer will not pre-
vail, but that we will go on with the considera-
tion of the bill to-day.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Rice, of Maine, to refer the bill to the
Committee on Territories.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 53, noes 56.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called the
yeas and nays on the motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 74, not voting
45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Baxter,
Bergen, Blaine Boutwell, Boyer, Buekland, Chan-
ler, Conkling, Darling, Dawson, Denison, Dixon,
Elcbridge, Eliot, Finck, Garfield. Glossbrenner, Gri-
der, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Harris, Henderson,
Higby, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Hum-
phrey, Jenckes, Julian, Ketcham, Kuykendall, La-
tham, Le Jiload, Marshall, McCullough, McRuer,
Morrill, Morris, Newell, Nibiack, Paine, Perham,
Phelps, Pike, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John
H. Rice, Ritter, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stevens,
Stilwell, Stroase, Taylor, Thornton, Elihu B.Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, James F. Wilson, Win-
field, Woodbridge, and Wright—64.
NATS—Messrs, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell. Bingham, Blow, Bran-
degee, Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Cullom, De-
frees, Deming, Dodge, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Holmes, Chester D. Hubbard, Inger-
soll, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
MeClurg, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Moul-
ton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Plants, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenok, Shellabarger, Spalding, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Welker,
Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
. doni—74.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Cook, Culver, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Donnelly, Eggleston, Goodyear, Hale,
Hayes, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard,Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, Marston, Marvin, Mclndoe, Nicholson, Noell,
Pomeroy, Price, Radford. Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Rogers. Rousseau, Seofield, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Taber. Thayer, Trimble, Van Aernam,
Ward, William B. Washburn, and Wentworth—45.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the
bill to be read a third time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now propose
that this bill be considered in the blouse. If
any gentleman desires to be heard upon it I
will yield a part of my hour to him.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is very
liberal, seeing that the previous question has
been refused him.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, I have the
floor now.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; go ahead.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Tf the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] makes a
speech, I suppose we can answer it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. On the 24th March,
1864, the Congress of the United States passed
an enabling act authorizing the people of the
Territory of Colorado to form a constitution and
State government prior to their admission into
the Union. Enabling acts were also passed
for the Territories of Nebraska and Nevada.
I drew up those enabling acts and introduced
them into this House; but finding that the
Committee on Territories would not be reached
in time for action on them in the Senate dur-
ing the second session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, I carried them to the Senate and had
them introduced there, and they passed that
body; but this House failed to pass them at
that session. At the first session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress the same bills or enabling acts
were again introduced into both the Senate and
House, and became laws. The bill authoriz-
ing the people of Colorado to form a constitu-
tion and State government became a law, as I
have said, on the 24th of March, 1864.
My object in drafting and urging the passage
of those enabling acts was twofold: one to
