4292
THE CONGiiESSIOtfAL G-LGBE.
=F
July 28,
portion of it which provides for payments to
the captors of J efferson Davis.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope that amendment
will not be made. This reward was offered by
proclamation of the President of the United
States, and the capture was made by three or
four hundred men of the Army, and the award
was made pro rata. It is a just claim against
the Government of the United States. The
reward was solemnly offered, and the award
was properly and judiciously made, as I be-
lieve. I trust the bill will not be amended.
Mr. HOWB. I understood it was agreed
that that should be struck out. I will simply
say to the Senator from Rhode Island that I
have examined the question very carefully my-
self, and I have the most thorough conviction
that only a small portion of the parties who
did capture Jefferson Davis share iu this award.
Two different bodies of men were employed in
that arrest, a part of the fourth Michigan cav-
alry and a detachment of the first Wisconsin
cavalry. Some six hundred men, a3 I believe,
of the fourth Michigan cavalry were employed
in the capture of Mr. Davis, and some hundred
and odd men of the first Wisconsin cavalry.
Now, of those who share in the award, the
whole of the first Wisconsin cavalry is omit-
ted, and about half of the Michigan cavalry.
There are some very remarkable facts connected
with this matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there ought to be
no controversy about that. The chairman of
the House committee told me that iu regard
to the awards for the capture of Jefferson
Davis, they took the report of the military com-
mission on that subject, they had not the means
of making a personal examination; but [ will
vote will) the Senator to strike that out, if there
be objection to it. Let the motion be put, and
J think it will bo agreed to. That is a contro-
verted matter. 1 do not think it ought to em-
barrass the passage of the rest of the bill.
• Mr lIOWALtl). In the hope that the bill
will pass, even with this clause stricken out,
I shall vote for striking it. out; but I beg to say
at the same lime that the claims of the Michi-
gan soldiers and those of Wisconsin have been
very fully and thoroughly examined by a mili-
tary commission with a view to the distribution
of the reward, and this bill is based entirely
upon the finding of that commission. I sup-
pose that they examined the whole subject
laii'ly and candidly and equitably, and we have
before us the result which is contained in the
bill. But in order to save something at the
present session, I am willing to have that por-
tion of the bill stricken out, so that at the
coming session of Congress we may call up the
subject in relation to the captors of Jefferson
Davis, i do not regard this vote as prejudi-
cial in any way to the claims of these men, or
as settlmg the question between the Michigan
and Wisconsin soldiers in that behalf, but
merely for the purpose of saving the rest of
the bill.
Mr. MeDOUfi ALL. Without, discussing the
question as to the rewards for the capture of
the assassins ol the late President, who was
my personal friend, I desire to remark that this
whole ■subject has been trifled with. What was
promised has not been performed; and men
have been compelled to remain here dancing
attendance _ upon the Government who were
promised high favors for their achievements.
I wish to express my sorrow and indignation
at the want of prompt action on the part of the
Government in doing what they had promised'
to do, and which they are bound to do, and
which they are not doing now upon half of the
measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
before the Senate is that that portion of the bill
proposing a reward for the captors of Jefferson
Davis be stricken out of the bill.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time.
Mr. DAVlS. I should like some Senator to
give the Senate some assurance that Abraham
Lincoln's murderer was in fact killed. I have
never seen myself any satisfactory evidence that
Booth was killed.
Mr. HOWARD. In order to prove it demon-
stratively, perhaps we should be compelled to
send for Boston Corbett, who shot him. I
suppose the honorable Senator is speaking of
Booth.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit to my friend from
Kentucky that there are some things that we
must take judicial notice of, just as well as that
Julius Caasar is dead.
Mr. DAVIS. I would rather have better
testimony of the fact. I want it proved that
Booth was in that barn ; I cannot conceive, if
he was in the barn, why ho was not taken alive
and brought to this city alive. I have never
seen anybody or the evidence of anybody that
identified Booth after he is said to have been
killed. Why so much secrecy about it? Why
was not his body brought up publicly to Wash-
ington city and exposed to the gaze of the mul-
titude, that it might be identified? It may be
that he is dead; but there is a mystery and a
most inexplicable mystery to my mind about
the whole affair. He may come back some
of these days and murder somebody else.
[Laughter.]
I merely got up to make this suggestion. I
supposed that some gentleman was in posses-
sion of facts going to show that Booth was
identified. Identity Booth, and these men
ought to have their reward, but 1 doubt whether
this man Baker ought to have anything. I
believe he was a much bigger villain than any
man he was pursuing. I do uot doubt that at
all; and I believe he is just such a man as to
get up now a story of the capture of Booth
when Booth had not been overtaken at all.
[Laughter.] If gentlemen will refer me to
when; I can get a narrative of facts to prove,
the identity of Booth, I will at my leisure read
it with much interest. I want to be assured
of the facts, not with a view to vote on this
bill but with a view to the history of the trans-
action.
I do not see why, if Booth was in the barn,
he should have been shot. Ho could have been
captured just as well alive as dead. It would
have been much more satisfactory to have
brought him up here alive and to have inquired
of him to reveal the whole transaction, to have
implicated all who were guilty and to have
exculpated all who were innocent. I do not
see any reason why the matter had not taken
that course. Bring his body up, carry it to the
City Hall, expose it thereto public gaze, let all
who had seen him playing, all who associated
with him on the stage or in the green room or
at the taverns and other public places, have
had access to his body to have identified it.
That was the way, where $100,000 was offered
as a reward for capturing the man. I am cer-
tain I was as innocent of that murder as the
child that is yet unborn; but I should have
disliked to have $100,000 offered for me as an
accomplice in that mmder; it would have caused
me to be hung or shot just as certain as fate.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. That would be a big price.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt that the hon-
orable Senator from California could have had
mo captured or shot for $2 50 by some of his
myrmidons. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I am happy to relievo my
friend from Kentucky by informing him that a
small part of the skeleton of Booth is in the
anatomical museum of the Surgeon General.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who knows that?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know how it is
identified, but it is certified to be that.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope we shall have the
question.
The bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, the title was
amended by striking out the words "Jefferson
II Davis and."
extension of the session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take up the
resolution which came from the House extend-
ingthe time of adjournment. Itwill take some
hours to finish the enrollment of bills.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
received yesterday from the House of Repre-
sentatives :
Besohed, (the Senate concurring:,) That the pres-
ent session of Congress be, and hereby is, extended
until Saturday, the 28th instant, at four and a half
o'clock p. m.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am notified by the
Clerk of the House that the enrolling of the
several bills that have been passed and com-
paring them, cannot possibly be got through
with in less than from two and a half to three
hours. In addition to that, there is a very
large number of bills before the President, and
some ho cannot get for some hours : iO that, in
the opinion of the Clerk of the House, four and
a half o'clock is the earliest hour which we can
safely fix for an adjournment. I therefore move
a concurrence in the resolution of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that he had approved and signed the following
acts and joint resolution :
An act (S. No. 39) to amend the acts relat-
ing to officers employed in the examination of'
imported merchandise in the district of New
York;
An act (S. No. 43) to prescribe the mode of
settling the accounts of the clerk of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 334) to prevent the wearing
of sheath knives by American seamen ;
An act (S. ISTo. 353) for the relief of the
trustees and stewards of the Mission church of
the Wyandotte Indians;
An act (S. No. 400) to fix the compensation
of certain collectors of customs, and for other
purposes;
An act (S. No. 406) for theremoval of causes
in certain cases from the State courts; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 131) for the
temporary ^lief of the sufferers by the late fire
in Portland, in the State of Maine.
neutrality laws.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
80G, in regard to the neutrality laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is no such bill on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. I move
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration and that it be taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. It cannot be considered
to-day if there is any objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know whether this
motion is made in earnest.
Mr. CHAN DLER. It is made in good faith,
as I always act-
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it is made
in good faith. Then I am obliged to say to the
Senator that he cannot expect to pass that bill
unless after a debate that must extend beyond
our session.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to extend
the session long enough to give time to pass
this bill. I want to pass it.
Mr. SUMNER. I dare say the Senator is
willing to extend the tune, but the Senate, I
think, will not be willing. Others must be
consulted besides the honorable Senator. I am
not disposed to enter into this discussion now,
unless it be necessary. I thifck it is hardly
advisable for us to open it.
_ Mr. POMEROY. I hope we may pass some
bills that can be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. T think that would be a
more profitable employment of our time.
Mr. POMEROY. If the committee be dis-
charged from the bill, one objection will throw
it over.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no; we excuse the
