MB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,.
stitutioa and-such i&feribr courts as Congress
may from time to time establish. My position
' ismatno Department, no magistracy under our
ffcvernment can exercise judicial functions and
fftwers unless itbea partofthe judicial branch of
tile Government; that this bureau in its assistant
■ceoamissioners and in its agents is clothed with
-jmdreiai, power; that this is an unconstitutional'
and void investment of power; and for-the"pur-
pose of enabling this magistracy to maintain
themselves in the exercise of this void and un-
constitutional investment of judicialpower, this
provision, which I propose to strike out, au-
thorizes the military power of the country to be
-itfterpossed, and in that sense I move to strike
out the clause. I ask for the yeas and nays on
' tny amendment. We may as well have them
now as in the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks. Johnson, Kiddle, Saulsbury, and Stockton—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Co'nness, Cragin, Fessenden, Font., Foster, tfrimes,
:Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana,
'La*e of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy,
jRainsoy, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Simmer, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wado, Willey, Wilson, and Yates
—31.
ABSENT—Messrs, Cowan, Creswell, Dixon, Doo-
littlo, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Poland, Wil-
liams, and Wright—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I wish to suggest to the
chairman of the committee—1 will not move it
if he has any objection to it—whether it would
■not be well to amend that section, in order to
'exclude a conclusion that might be drawn from
it. I do not know that it would have any very
particular legal effect; perhaps the eil'ectisthe
same now. The amendment that I suggest is
to add to the end of the second section these
words:
In the exorcise of the duties imposed or authorized
foy this act and tho act to which this is additional.
It strikes me it would have a good effect in
taking away art argument that might be used
with refcreuee to it by others.
Mr. WADE. How "would the clause read
then'?
Mr. EESSFiNDEN. As T propose to amend
it, it would read:
And tho President oftho United States, through the
War Department and tho Commissioner, shall extend
military jurisdiction wiri protoetion over all employes,
agents, aild officers of this bureau in tho exorcise of
the duties imposed or authorized by this act and (ho
act to which this is additional.
"Mr. TRUM.BULL. I do not know thai there
is any objection to that amendment, except that
it might subject these officers to be harassed in
soroo way by local legislation.
Mr. FESSBNDKN. They cannot beharassed
in that way while in the exercise of the duties
of their office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; of course no local
legislation could interfere with this law. 1 shall
not object to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSIUJRY. I move to strikeout
the whole of tho second section of the bill, if
thai motion is in order.
The P RES11) IXG 0 EFICE11. The section
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
Tho Secretary road it, as follows:
Src. 2. And he it farther cnncied, That the Commis-
sioner, wit h (he approval of I he President, shall divide
each district into a number of sub-districts, not to ex-
ceed the number of counties or parishes in each State,
and shall assign to each sub-disttiet at feast one agent,
either a. citizen, officer of the Army, or enlisted man,
who, if an othcer, shall serve without additional com-
pensation or allowance, and if a citi/eu or enlisted
man, shall receive a, salary not. cxcoodhijr ^1,500 per
annum; and such agent shall, before entering on the
duties of his office, take tho oath prescribed in tho
first section of the a^t to which this is an amendment,
l-aeh assistant commissioner may employ not exceed-
ing six clerks, one ot the third class and five of the
iirse clafs, and each agent of a sub-dish id may cm-
ploy two clerks of the first class. And the President,
01 ft? States, through the Ww Department ,
and the Commissioner, shall extend military jurisdic- !
tion and protection over all employes, agents, and ;
onicers of this bureau in the exercise of the duties im- I
posed and authorized by this act and the act to which
this i« aachtion&I. ,
Mr. SAL LhJ>[ RY. As I propose to-mor- j
row to say something upon the merits of the ;
bill, provided the final vote shall not be taken
this afternoon, I will state very briefly now the
objection to this particular section.
If there is one thing certain about this bill, it
is that it is to have operation throughout the
whole of the United States. That being so, let
us consider for onfe moment the vast powers
conferred under this section upon this Ereed-
mes's Bureau. I do not say that it was the in-
tention of the honorable framer of the bill, or
of any of its friends, that sueh vastpowers should
be used, but I say that the bill itself gives au-
thority for the exercise of such powers, and
when we look into this section particularly we
shall see the vastness of these powers.
The first section provides for the appoint-
ment of a Commissioner of freedmen with a
salary of $3,000, the same as under tho original
bill. It says that this act shall be operative
throughout the United States, and then it au-
thorizes the President of the United States to
divide up the whole number of States into dis-
tricts, not to exceed tho number of twelve, and
it gives an assistant commissioner for each dis-
trict, with the same pay that was prescribed by
the act to which this is an amendment. The
second section of the bill provides that each
district may bis divided into sub-districts, not to
exceed the number of parishes or counties in
a State, each under an agent with a salary of
$1,500. What is the executive power which
this section confers? What are the number'of
counties in tho United States, provided the Pres-
ident of the United States wishes to make an
appointment in every county of the United
States? A few years ago the number of those'
counties—and I suppose they have not decreased
—was one thousand six hundred and seventy-
six.
Mr. DAVTS. There are one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-seven, with tho new States
that have been admitted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My friend says that
there are one thousand eight hundred and ninety-
seven. Are we to stop and say, as an answer
to this objection, that the President oftho United
States will not appoint an agent in every one of
the counties in the whole United States? What
authority have we for any such assumption ? All
1 say nowis that this bill confers the powerupon
the President to appoint an agent in every conntv
of the United States, if he chooses: to divide the
Stales into twelve districts, and then sub-divide
those districts and appoint an agent for every
county. It is folly, it is madness, to say that no
Executive will do that. It is no answer to the
objection if the bill confers the power. These
agents are to have clerks. Each one is to have
two clerks. This section, when you come to
analyze it, gives seventy-two clerks of assistant
commissioners, and it will give three thousand
three hundred and forty-two clerks of agents.
This billwillgiveyou, inollicers tobe appointed
under this Freedman's Bureau, a Commissioner
at S;5,000 a year, twelve assistant commissioners
at ,^;!,00l) each, making §:>ii,000: one thousand
six hundred and seventy-six agents, at $1,500
each, if they arc taken from among citizens—
and the bill autlioti/.es the appointment of cit-
tizens—which will amount to SH, 510,000; it gives
seventy-two clerks of assistant commissioners
at $1,200 each, making §80,100; it gives three
thousand four hundred and forty-two clerks of
agents, as I stated before, with a salary of §1,200
each, amounting to $4,H74,800; making the
actual cost of this bureau for the pay of officers,
in case the President of the United States
chooses, under tho authority given him in this
bill to divide the States into twelve districts, and
then to divide those districts into sub-districts,
each district representing a county, $7,314,200.
I offer this amendment to get clear of this enor-
mous expenditure; and when the bill confers
this power I do not accept, as an answer to my
objection, that it will not be so operated. The
power to so operate it is in the bill itself. 1
therefore move to strike out that entire section.
! _ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Pomekoy
| in the chair) put the question on the amend-
i ment, and declared that the noes appeared to
I have it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from Delaware that we are now in Committee
of the Whole, and we can take the yeas and nays
•upon his amendment in the Senate. I have no
objection, however, to taking them now if he
desires it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not wish to delay
action, and I withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have given the Senate
my views about this bill, and will not propose
any amendment with a view to complicate the
measure; but there is one section to which the
objection, in my judgment, is so very clear that
I will move to strike it out. It is tho sixth sec-
tion, which confers upon the bureau the power
to buy lands for homes for the refugees and
freedmen and for asylums and schools. I think
the constitutional objection to that section is so
very clear that I feel it my duty to move to strike
it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
obliged to inform the Senator that the record
shows that that section has been adopted in
committee, and it is not in order, therefore, to
move to strike it out. That motion will be in
order in the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir, I believe it
was adopted by a general vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the fourth
section of the bill as amended by striking out
after the word "lands," in the fifth line, the
words "in Florida, Mississippi, and Arkan-
sas," and in lieu thereof to insert "anywhere
in the United States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same objection
would apply to that amendment as a question
of order. The fourth section has been adopted
in Committee of the Whole in lieu of another
section, and I suppose, therefore, it is not in or-
der to amend it in committee. The Senator
can make his motion- in the Senate. The sec-
tion as it stands has been agreed to in commit-
tee, and having been so agreed to, I suppose it
is not now subject to amendment, I make the
suggestion to the Chair; I believe that is the
rule.
Mr. D AYIS. It escaped me that the section
had been adopted, and I would as soon take tho
course suggested by the Senator as any other.
The Secretary will please preserve the amend-
ment, so that I may offer it again in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The amend-
ment in this slage of the bill is withdrawn.
Mr. DAVIS. A friend suggests to me that
we shall have an opportunity in the Senate to
offer oar amendments. All I want is an oppor-
tunity to offer them. If I shall have an op-
portunity to offer them in the Senate, I would
as soon do it there as in committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly any amend-
ment is in order now that tho Senator thinks
proper to offer, unless it is to a section that has
already been adopted; but the whole bill, in-
cluding the sections which have been adopted
in committee, will be open to amendment when
the bill shall have been reported to the Senate,
and it would hasten its progress if Senators will
allow it to be reported to the Senate, and then
any amendments will be in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I will acquiesce in that course
with the exception of one amendment that I
desire to offer as an additional section. I move
to insert between the eighth and ninth sections
of the bill the following:
And be it further enacted, That from each and every
decision between parties made by the Commissioner,
or any assistant commissioner, or other officer of this
bureau, an appeal or writ of error may boprosccutcd
to the district or circuit court of the United Statesl'or
the district in which such decision may have been
made: and from the judgment of such district or cir-
cuit court to the Supreme Court of tho United States,
by any party or person who may think himself, her-
self, or themselves aggrieved thereby; and upon such
parties or persons entering into bond with good and
sufficient security in tho office of said court to abide
by and perforin the final judgment of the matter from
whiuh sueh appeal or writof error is prosecuted, and
to pay sueh costs and damages as may bo awarded to
any person or panics by reason of the prosecution of
