-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
The Constitution of the United States provides
that "Congress shall have power to make
rules for the government and regulation of
the land and naval forces." Now, I do not
see how under that provision of the Constitu-
tion the Secretary of War or the President can
have any power to make any rules for the reg-
ulation of the land or naval forces, unless it
be said that a power conferred by the Consti-
tution upon Congress can be delegated by Con-
gress to some other coordinate branch of the
Government. It seems to me to be clear that,
whatever our wishes may be on this subject,
we cannot fulfill the spirit of the Constitution,
if we delegate the power conferred upon us by
the Constitution, to make rules for the govern-
ment and regulation of the Army to the Presi-
dent or Secretary of War, for the simple reason
that the Constitution has lodged it here. I
withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Davis was not
.agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by inserting
the following as a new section, to come in after
section forty-three:
SEC. —. And be it further enacted. That one chap-
lain may be appointed for each regiment of colored
troops, at the discretion of the President, whose du-
ties shall include the instruction of the enlisted men
in the common English branches of education.
My reason for offering this amendment will,
I suppose, be obvious to every member of the
House. The regiments of colored troops have
necessities which do not exist in the case of
regiments composed of white troops. Hence
this section provides that the duties of these
chaplains, when chaplains shall be appointed
for the colored regiments, shall embrace the
instruction of the enlisted men in tho common
branches of an English education.' But it is
not made compulsory upon the President or on
the War Department to appoint chaplains for
any regiments of colored troops, if it should bo
found that, for any reason, the public interest
would not be subserved by such appointments.
If it should be found that, in any particular case,
the appointment of a chaplain would not be
desirable, would not promote the public inter-
est, this amendment allows the President to
make no appointment in such case. It allows
the President in every case the discretion of
making an appointment or not, as he may deem
best. It seems to me that if we are to have any
colored troops, it is not improper, in view of
the necessities of these colored troops, to au-
thorize the President, in his discretion, to
appoint chaplains for those troops.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk road as follows:
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act bo, and the same aro heieby, repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. As this is the last section
of the bill, I desire now to go back to the twenty-
eighth section, which was reserved. I move
to amend by striking out all after the enacting
clause of that section and inserting the follow-
ing:
That whenever an officer of the staff or of the line
shall bo deemed better fitted for or likely to bo more
efficient in the performance of his duties in some other
corps or nrm of the line than the particular corps or
arm in which ho may bo, the President is authorized
to transfer him to some other staff corps or arm of
the lino; but an officer on being so transferred shall
only take such rank in the staff or corpd m which he
is placed as he held by commission in the staff or
line before his transfer.
Mr. PAINE. 1 make no objection to this
substitute; but I will suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio thatit perhaps embraces some slight
verbal inaccuracies. I observe in one case the
phrase "ax-m of the line" is used. That is
not, perhaps, an objectionable phrase ; but it
seems to me that the phrase "arm of the ser-
vice" is preferable.
Mr. SCHENCK. Ihaveadopted the phrase-
ology "arm of the line" in deference to the criti-
cism of a gentleman in the Adjutant General's
office, who maintains that the "arms of the
service" are, properly speaking, the Army and
the Navy ; while the phrase " arm of the line''
appropriately designates one of the three clas-
sifications of the Army—cavalry, artillery, or
infantry.
The amendment of Mr. Schenck was adopted.
Subsequently, on motion of Mr. BANKS, and
by unanimous consent, the amendment was
modified by substituting for the wort! "line"
where it first occurs -the words '' military ser-
vice;" and by substituting for the same word
where it occurs the second time the word " ser-
vice."
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend by adding
the following at the end of the bill as a new
section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That chaplains,
when ordered from one field of duty to another, shall
be entitled to transportation at the same rate as other
officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. There was offered, on last
Tuesday, by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine,] an amendment, on which, at the
request of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Davis,] the vote was reserved. The
amendment will now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the twenty-fifth section by adding at the
end thereof the following:
Two thirds of all the military store-keepers and
ordnance keepers provided for by the seventeenth
section of this act and by this section shall be persons
who have performed meritorious services as officers
or soldiers in the armies of the United States duiing
the late rebellion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE moved to amend, on page 5,
line fifty, after the word "service," by inserting
the words "and all of said officers shall be."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The House divided; and only thirteen voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
'Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers on the
passage of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eldeidge
and Soiiexok were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope,
by unanimous consent, the yeas and nays will
be ordered on the passage of the bill. It will
save a great deal of time and much confusion.
This is too important a measure to pass on a
vote by tellers. If gentleman are not afraid
to go upon the record there will be no objec-
tion to the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the vote by which the yeas and nays were re-
fused will be reconsidered, and the question :
will again recur on ordering the yeas and nays. I
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 41, not vot-
ing 09 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos 11.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Beaman, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Bromwell, Cook, Dawes, Defrees,
Deming, Dixon, Dumont.Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar,
Garfield, Abner C, Harding, Tligby, Holmes, Hooper,
Asahel W, Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John II, llubbai d, J ulian, Ivelley, Ketcham,
Kuykendall.Georgo V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loftgysar, lynch, Marston, Marvin, McRuer, Mer-
cur, Millet, Jjoyrhead, Morrill, Afoul to n, O'Neill,
Ortli, Paine, rerij^m, pike, Pomeroy, Price, William
II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins. Sawyer, :
Sehenck, Scofiela, gheilabarger, Stilwell, Trow- j
bridge, Van Aernam, Robert Van Ifoi'B, Ward, I
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Stephen E. Wil-
son, and Wiridom—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Benjamin, Boutwell,
Boyer, Broomall, Coffroth, Conkling, Denison, Driggs,
Eldridge, 3?inek, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider,
AaronHarding, Harris,Hayes, Hogan, Kasson, Kerr,
Latham,Le Blond, Loan, Marshall, McClurg, Mc-
Cullough, Niblack, Nicholson, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Ritter, Ross, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Strousc,
Taber, Thornton, Trimble, Warner, James 3?. Wil-
son. and Winfield—41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, James M.Ash-
ley, Baker, Baxter, Bergen, Blow. Brandegee, Buck-
land, Bandy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,_ Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Daw-
son, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Grinnoll, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Henderson,
Hill, ilotehkiss, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, John-
son, Jones, Kelso, Laflin, Molndoe, McKee, Morris,
Myers, Newell, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Ray-
mond, John H. Rice, Rogers. Rousseau, Shanklin,
Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stevens, Taylor. Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Up<on, Burt Van Horn,
Whaley, Williams, Woodbridge, and Wright—69.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,"
Mr. MORRILL stated that his colleagues,
Mr. Baxter and Mr. Woodbridge, were absent
on account of sickness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr.' SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed, to.
refunding commutation money.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced, by unanimous consent, a bill author-
izing the Secretary of War to refund money
received as commutation from citizens of the
twenty-first congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania ; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
edward blanciiard.
Mr. WASHB URN, of Indiana. I ask unan-
imous consent to report from the Committee
of Claims a joint resolution for the adjustment
of the claim of Edward Blanchard, executor
of Evan M. Buchanan.
Mr. ALLISON. T object.
national currency.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion :
Wheroas it is the true interest of this Government
as speedily as possible, looking alone to tho public
interest, to return to the constitutional currency of
gold and silver; and whereas in the mean time, while
the country is to suffer from the inflation of a paper
currency, the interest of tho people will best be pro-
moted, while such paper currency shall be continued,
to have it in tho form of Treasury notes issued by the
United States, and at once, by appropriate legisla-
tion, to provide for retiring the national bank cur-
rency: Therefore,
jResolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be directed to inquire into the propriety
of repealing tho law establishing the national banks
and retiring the bonds of the United States as speed-
ily as the public exigency may require, and the issu-
ing ofTreasury notes to be used as a circulating me-
dium, thereby saving to the people the payment of
over eighteen millions ofinterest annually upon our
public debt, which inures solely to the benefit of
bankers and bond-holders and to the detriment of
the tax-payers of the United States.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
interest-paying treasury deposits.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Reyolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be requested to inquire into the expedi-
ency of repealing such laws as authorize tho depos-
iting of money with the Treasurer and Assistant
Treasurers of the United States and the payment
ofinterest thereon by tho Government.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at three o'clock and forty-five min-
utes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of William Wil-
keson, and a largo number or citizens of Buffalo, rep-
resenting that by the action of officers of the United
