350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
'' An act further to regulate and provide for
enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved July 4,
1864; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
lewis g. cundrpf.
Mr. NOBLL introduced a bill for the relief
of Lewis J. Cundiff, of St. Francis county, Mis-
souri ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
claim of new hampshire.
Mr. ROLLINS introduced a bill to authorize
the payment of the claim of the State of New
Hampshire for certain services of her militia
during the war of 1812; which was road a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
protection 01' emigrants.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a joint
resolution relating to the unexpended balances
of the $10,000 appropriated for the protection
of emigration upon the route from the Missouri
river to Gallatin, in Montana, by act approved
March 3, 1863; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
post roads is california.
Mr. BID WELL introduced a bill to establish
certain post roads in the State of California:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
amendment of joint resolution.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced ajoint
resolution amending a joint resolution therein
named; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
new mexico.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill attaching all
that portion of the Territory of Colorado lying
south of the thirty-eighth parallel of north lati-
tude to the Territory of New Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Territories.
washington territory.
Mr. DENNY introduced a bill amendatory
of the organic act of Washington Territory;
which was read a first and second lime, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
payment of union prisoners.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill making
provision for the payment of ofiicers and men
of the United States Army, who, by confine-
ment in rebel prisons or otherwise, were pre-
vented from being mustered into the service for
some time after their appointment; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
nja0aka falls ship-canal.
Mr. VAN HO UN, of New York, introduced
a bill to construct a sliip-canal around the falls
of Niagara; which was read a first and second
time, and roferred-to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
admission of colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the admission of Colorado as a State
into the Union; winch was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
fire department of washington.
Mr. TNGERSOLL introduced a bill concern-
ing the fire department of Washington city ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
t\x on cigars.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following resolu-
tion : which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufacture bo
and are hereby required to inquire into the expoilioncy
of reporting a bill graduating the tax on cigars man-
ufactured and sold within the United States accord-
ing to the quality thereof.
government loan to mexico.
Mr. STEVENS offered the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of the United
States granting a loan on property security to the re-
public of Mexico, to enable her to .prevent the estab-
lishment of a monarchical Government on her soil.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether it
is proper to say a word in explanation of that
resolution now. *
The SPEAKER. It is not, nor can the
Chair ask unanimous consent during the morn-
ing hour, but it must pass under the previous
question, or without debate.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I withdraw it. I
wanted to explain it.
The resolution was accordingly withdrawn.
starvation of prisoners.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following res-
olution :
Unsolved, That upon the evidence before this nation
of the starvation and butchery of its soldiers as pris-
oners of war in the hands of the late so-callcd con-
federate government, and of other violations of the
humane usages of nations in that behalf, with the
presumed connivance of the executive head of that
government and theeommander-in-chiefofits armies
in the field, it has becomothedutyof thePresidentof
the UnitedStates to orderthe trial of those pretended
functionaries, and all other ofiicers of that govern-
ment, civil or military, who are believed to have either
authorized or been consenting thereto, before a mil-
itary commission for a violation of the laws of war,
and in case of the conviction of any of them, to exe-
cute the sentence of such tribunals by inflicting such
punishment as maybe adjudged by them appropriate
to the offense.
That under the special circumstances of the case,
the arraignment of any of the leaders of the rebel-
lion for the crime of treason before any of the judicial
tribunals of the country, besides being of questiona-
ble propriety in itself after so long a maintenance of
the belligerent relation, would be attended with no
valuable practical results, from thcconstitutional ne-
cessity of a trial within the lubellious districts, where
the peers of the delinquent will be none other than
the partners of his guilt.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest an amend-
ment by adding the words 11 court-martial or"
before the words u military commission."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I accept Ihe amendment.
I demand the previous question 011 the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. I move that it belaid on
the table.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Mr. Speaker, ifthe res-
olutionis not laid on the table, anclthe previous
question is not seconded, will it be in order to
move to refer it lo the Committee 011 Military
Affairs?
The SPEAKER. Jt would unless some one
rises to debate it, in which case it would go
over.
Mr. CONKLfNCr. Does it not refer to the
Committee 011 Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
The motion to lay the resolution 011 the table
was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will waive my motion
on the adoption of the resolution, and ask that
itbe referred to the Committeeon the Judiciary ;
and on that I demand the previous question.
The previous Question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and nnderthe operation
thereof the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
tobacco ix the leaf.
Mr. MYERS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to :
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot so
amending the internal revenue law as to leave the
„tax on tobacco in the leaf.
t>t;ty o\ covkek, suuar, i:tc.
Mr. STROUSE submitted the following res-
olution which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of redu-
cing the duty or tariff on coffee, sugar, tea, pepper,
salt, and other ncceshurics of life.
test oath.
Mr. STEVENS offered the following pream-
ble and resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Whereas, certain high officials have communicated
the fact that they have appointed to office, and allowed
to act officially, several rebels who did not and could
not take the test oath as required by law; Therefore,
Resolved* That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether any legislative measures
are necessary to enforce obedience to the law by all
men, without regard to rank or color.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
agreed to.
starvation of prisoners.
Mr, ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by wl^ich the resolution offered by Mr.
Williams was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary ; and also moved thai the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
soldters' pay.
Mr. WELIvER submitted the following res-
olution, which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law for the payment to privates and officers
of the Union Army during the late rebellion of their
monthly pay from the date of their discharge until
notice was given them of such discharge or acceptance
of resignation, and until relieved from duty, and ro-
port by bill or otherwise.
postal laws.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, ana
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of causing to be compiled and published in a
single volume, if practicable, with a suitable index,
all laws now in force regulating the postal service of
the UnitedStates, and that said committee have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
tax on tobacco.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of amend-
ing the internal revenue laws by the reduction of the
tax upon common cigars and manufactured common
tobacco.
reconstruction.
Mr. GRIDER submitted the following reso-
lutions :
Resolved, That thcUnited States Government grants
the power peaceably, or if necessary by arms, "to en-
force the laws, suppress insurrection, and repel inva-
sion;'' but the General Government cannot by any
action whatever destroy itselt nor the State govern-
ments; nor can the State governments destroy either,
or legally disturb the harmony of the whole. A11 the
grants and powers under the Constitution are con-
servative, none destructive; wheiefore all the States
have been and are always in the Union.
Resolved, That when the United States Government
suppressed the insurrection it only vindicated its con-
stitutional power and preexisting rights, and no more;
and the rights and powers of the Federal and State
Governments are all remitted back and assume the
same condition and relations sustained before the in-
surrection, and (except so far as altered or amended)
remain unimpaired and in lull ioree and virtue.
Resolved, Thfit the law of Congress apportioning
Representatives to the several States (.including the
insurrectionary States) under the census of 18(50 is
constitutional and valid, and that members of Con-
gress from all the States, reguhuly elected under said
law, are entitled forthwith to their seats upon taking
the oath of office to support the Constitution of the
United States.
Resolved, That as a generous kindness and cordial
forgiveness consistent with right, now pcace exists,
are the highest attributes of our nature, and as we
must have "one Government, one Constitution, and
one people," the glory, protection, and safety of all—
cherishing these feelings, we say it is untimely, un-
just, and impolitic to insist upon amendments to the
Constitution to operate upon all until all are repre-
sented in the House and Senate.
Resolved, That it is illogical and unconstitutional
to hold that States are in the Union to vote tor con-
stitutional amendments and yet not entitled to rep-
resentation in Congress.
Resolved, That to tax any State by Congress and
refuse to the people representation is contiaiy to the
first principles of the American Government, and is
inconsistent with the constitutional and equal rights
of all the people.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Is it in order to debate those
resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The resolutions
are referred, under the resolution ot the House,
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
