2374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
am, Laflia, Latham, George V. L-wrcnoc, ^William j
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear. Marston MeClurg,
MeKee, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead. Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Plants, Alexander Ii. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Shellabarger, Smith, Spal-
ding, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, .Robert T. Van Horn, Warner,
Welker, Whaley, and Williams—81.
nays—Messrs. Allison, Alley, Anoona, Baxter,
Bergen, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Brooinall, Chanler,
Coffroth, Darling, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Eliot,
Finek, Glossbrenner, Grider, Griswold, Aaron Hard-
ing, Harris,Higby. JamesIIumphrey, Julian,Kelley,
Kuykendall, LeBond, Lynch,Marshall,MeCullough,
Mettuer, Morrill, Morris, Newell, Niblack, Paine,
Perham, Pike, Raymond, John II. Rice, Hitter, Ross,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Tay-
lor, Thornton, Elihu B.Washburne, Henry D.Wash-
burn, James F. Wilson, Wittdom, Winlield, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Cook, Culver,
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Esgleston, Farnsworth, Good-
year, Hale, Hayes, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Demas Hub-
bard, John H.Hubbard, Edwin N.Hubbell, Hulburd,
James M.Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Marvin,
Mclndoe, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Pomeroy, Price,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Rogers, Seofield, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Starr, Taber,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trimble. Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, and Stephen F. Wilson—45.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. J. L. THOMAS said: I have paired with
my colleague, Mr. Phelps, who would have
voted against the bill. I would have voted
for it.
Mr. WINFIELD. My colleague, Mr. J. M.
Humphrey, has paired with my colleague, Mr.
Pomeroy.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from tlie Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, requesting the
return of the bill making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 18G7, and
for other purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that it be returned.
The SPEAKER. It has been referred to tlie
Committee on Appropriations, and it will be
necessary to recouhidur that reference. If there
be no objection it will be regaided as reconsid-
ered, and the order will be made by the House
to return the bill to the Senate in compliance
with the request.
william cook.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 277, for the relief of Wil-
liam Cook; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
leave 01' absence.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask indefinite leave of
absence for my colleague, Mr. Marvix, who
has been called away by the death of a brother.
message e11031 tiie president.
The following message in writing was re-
ceived from the President of the United States
by Mr. Edivard Cooper, his Private Secretary;
which was read, laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed:
To the House of Representatives:
In reply to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 23d ultimo, I transmit
a report from the Secretary of War, from which
it will be perceived that it is not deemed com-
patible with the public interests to communi-
cate to the House the report made by General
Smith and Hon. James T. Brady, of their
investigations at New Orleans, Louisiana.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Wasiiixctox, D. C., May 2, I860.
collection of plants.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution of the Senate No. 76, pro-
viding for the acceptance of a collection of
plants tendered to the United States by Fred-
erick Pech; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
relief of contractors.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 220, for the relief of cer-
tain contractors for the construction of vessels-
of-war and steam machinery; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
refer it to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend by referring it to the Committee of
Claims.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
motion, as amended, was also agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred ; and also moved to lay that motion
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridges over tiie mississippi.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 236, to authorize the con-
struction of certain bridges, and to establish
them as post roads; which was read a first
and second time. *
Mr. KASSON. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and I ask, at the same time, to offer this amend-
ment and have it take the same reference:
And be it further enacted. That itshall he lawful for
any railroad corporation, whose road has been com-
pleted to the Mississippi river, and connects with a
railroad on the opposite side thereof, having first
obtained authority therefor from theStates of Illinois
and Iowa, to construct a railroad bridge across said
river upon the same terms, in the same manner,
under the same restrictions, and with the same privi-
leges as is provided for in this act in relation to the
bridge at Quincy, Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point of order that, as this is a bill providing
for one bridge and the amendment proposed
is for another, the amendment is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair finds from a hasty
examination of the bill that it provides for
three bridges across tlie Mississippi river,
and the Chair thinks that this amendment is
germane.
Mr. KASSON. I now yield the floor to my
colleague, [Mr Wilson.]'
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to offer
another amendment to the bill, in order that it
may go with the bill when it is referred.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. KASSON. I have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it be
read, and then we can see whether we object
or not.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as
follows:
And that the Keokuk and Hamilton Mississippi
Bridge Company be, and is hereby, authorized to
construct a bridge over the Mississippi river at
Keokuk, Iowa, of the same description as the other
bridges provided for by this act.
There being no objection, the amendment
wjis received.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. While I am
in favor of these amendments, and will vote for
them on the proper occasion, I am opposed to
gentlemen coming in here now and riding down
a bill which has been maturely considered in
the Senate by the friends of the bridges at
Quincy and Burlington. This measure was
considered in the Senate by a very able com-
mittee, and a basis was laid by them upon which
the Senate and the House can act intelligently.
I do object to having that bill laid aside in
some committee in order to give these gentle-
men an opportunity to provide a substitute
for it.
It will be a very easy thing for them to bring
in their bills and pass them after the principle
of bridging the Mississippi river shall have been
established by the passage of this bill. While
I am as much in favor of thegentleman'sprop-
osition as he is, I do hope his course will not
be approved by the House.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harding] raises a new question. He
proposes that the House shall pass upon this
bill without reference to a committee at all. If
that is the general desire of the House I am
willing that they shall take it up in connection
with the amendment for action now.
But, sir, the gentleman is certainly wrong in
saying that the object is to " ride down" this
measure of which he is the friend. He forgets
that forty miles north of his own city there is
a city in Iowa of equal importance, with roads
approaching it on both sides, and with what
Quincy has not, a solid rock bottom in the
river, which we have already appropriated
money to blast out, so as to let boats through.
Now, I say, that when the proposition is to
construct a bridge at a point like that, made
by nature for it, the gentleman should not say
that the intention is to "ride down" the bill.
On the contrary, that amendment will strengthen
his measure.
A word more. The gentleman has spoken
of establishing the principle of bridging the
Mississippi river. \\ hy, sir, that principle has
been established already, and there are two
bridges now constructed above the points at
which this bill authorizes the construction of
bridges.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, and
which obstruct navigation to the amount of
millions of dollars a year.
Mr. KASSON. I would be much obliged if
my friend from Illinois would allow me to speak
when I have the floor, and when I am through
I will yield with pleasure to him.
I say that the principle has been established,
and that the interests of the States on both
sides of the river require the construction of
bridges occasionally across that river ; and it
is perfectly well settled that those bridges can
be constructed so as not to obstruct navigation.
I should certainly oppose any obstruction of
navigation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to remind
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hakding,]
who is opposed to these-amendments, that this
bill was originally introduced to authorize the
construction of a bridge at St. Louis. It was
amended in the Senate so as to provide for a
bridge at Quincy and, I believe, another at
Hannibal.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. The gentleman
is wrong in that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Itwas alsoamended
so as to authorize the construction of a bridge
at Burlington, Iowa. Now, we simply desire
that other points of quite as much importance
as some of those provided for shall have the
privilege ofconstructingbridges across the Mis-
sissippi river. The railroad connections at Keo-
kuk are quite as important as those at Quincy.
The railway connections there are quite as im-
portant as those at Burlington; and so it is at
Dubuque. They are all important; and the
break caused by the river in the connections
of those lines is very serious.
Now, we ask that this bill, accompanied by
these amendments, shall go to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, a committee
appointed to consider measures of this charac-
ter, in order that that committee may deter-
mine whether it is not as important to have
these other points providedfor as those already
provided for by the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
the calm attention of the House for one moment
in rega-rd to this subject of bridging the Missis-
sippi river. To us in the valley of the Missis-
sippi this is certainly one jof the most impor-
tant questions before Congress. I may say that
we are all in favor of bridging the Mississippi
river, if it can be done without any material
obstruction to its navigation. I am in favor
of it, and I believe all the people are in favor
of it; and both interests must yield a little.
But there have already been two bridges
built across the Mississippi river, and all of
us who live in the Mississippi valley know that
those two bridges have been almost the greatest
possible obstruction to the navigation of that
river, and havecaused to thepeople of that valley
