1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
_ The next amendment was in section three,
line twenty, after the word " sixty-three" to
insert the words ''and all acts amendatory
thereof;" so that the clause will read: *
Such defendant shall have theright to removesuoh
cause for trial to the proper district or circuit court
m the manner prescribed by the act relating to habeas
corpus and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
oases, approved March 3,1863, and all acts amenda-
aiory thereof.
Tlie amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of section four the following:
And such commissioners are hereby authorized and
required lo exorcise and discharge all the powersand
duties conferred on them by this act, and the same
duties with regard to offenses created by this act., as
they arc authorized by law to exercise with reoraidto
otuer oifonses against the laws of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives by add-
ing at the end oTi-t the following proviso:
Provided, That the operation and cffcct of this act
shall be limited to the execution of this provision oI
the Constitution: "The citizens of each State shall
be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of
citizcns m the several States."
flJic amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fifth section of the bill, in the following words:
% Skc. 5. And be it further enacted. That said commis-
sioners shall hav« concurrent jurisdiction with the
judges of the circuit unddUtricl courts of the United
©talcs., and the judges of the siipeiior couus of the
■territories, severally and collectively, in term tunc
and vacation, ui.mii r-aiisfactory moot being made, to
issuo wan ants and precepis lor an o.st in? an<l Ivinp-
jnsy belore tuern all olfeiuleis a«jain-l tile provisions
of this act, and on examination to discharge, admit
to bail, or commit thorn for trial, ub tho facts may
wan ant.
The amendment wan concurred in.
The next amendment was to add at tho end
of tho lnll the following:
Sec. . A ml be tt. further enacted. That upon all
questions ot l;nv arHinjc in any case under tho pro-
visions ot ibis, net a iin.il appeal m;iy be taken to the
bmircHU' Court ot the United State*.
Air. DA VMS. [ move to amend tho amend-
ment by striking out nil the enacting clause of
the section and inserting in lieu thereof tho
followi!!!;:
'L'luit later Ihe judgment, of the court upon all
questions ot law arising in any ease, civil or penatv
undoi tins act, without repaid to the amount in pon-
tes!, a« appeal oi writ of error may be prosecuted by
cither party, hrst, Uom the judgment ot the district
to the, circuit court, and then trom the judgment of
tlie circuit to the {Supreme Coui t, according to the
iorms and mode of prosecuting appeals and writs-of
orroi m ,«nid courts respectively; andupon the party
tiiliina Mieli appeal or writ ot error, enterin? into
bond., with sufiicienl Foourify m the court from whence
it la taken, to abide by and perlbim tho final jndtr-
meul thi)t may be rendered m such ease, all further
ph)i--edmS, thereon iu said court .shall bo sus-
ponded.
I will inquire if after the question has been
taken upon this amendment it will be in order
lor me to move to lay all the amendments upon
the iahle. ■ 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to Jay a bill on Ihe table carries the amend-
mcnts with it. A motion lo lay an amendment
on the table by itself cannot bo entertained
because an amendment is but the incident of
a bill.
_ J he amendment to tho amendment was re-
jected.
. Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made l>v the House of Representatives.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to lay the bill
upon the table, and, .Air. President -
Ihe PRESIDEN I profempore. Tho motion
to lay on the table is not debatable. 1
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to postpone it
until the first Monday in December next.
lliePiiESf DE^\ I pro tempore. Thetnotion
to lay on the table is withdrawn, and the motion
now is to postpone the further consideration of
this bill until the first Monday in December
"next.
rpf,r' Is tIlat a debatable motion?
Ihe 1 u.ESIDENT pro tempore. It docs not
open the merits of the bill It is open for
ae.jate so iar forth as may be necessary to
show that the bill should be postponed.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I intend to
make my protest against the passage of this
bill. I would like the honorable chairman of
the committee who reported it, or any other of
its friends, to read to the Senate the authority
upon which they propose to pass the bill. I
maintain that Congress has no power whatever
to pass this bill. 1 propound this question to
the honorable Senator: suppose amid the cloud
of amendments to the Constitution that has
darkened the congressional atmosphere it was
now proposed as an amendment that Congress
should be invested with tho power to establish
a civil and penal code for all the States of the
Union, would such an amendment receive a
solitary vote ? I presume not. And yet Con-
gress by this bill are assuming precisely the
power that such an amendment to the Consti-
tution would give them. The principles in-
volved in this bill, if they are legitimate and
constitutional, would authorize Congress to
pass a civil and criminal code for every State
in the Union. I have assumed that gentlemen
wouidnot vote for such a proposition if it was
made in the form of a proposed amendment to
the Constitution. If they would not vote for
such an addition to their powers in an amend-
ment to tho Constitution, how much more ille-
gitimate and inexcusable is it for them to vote
to assume that power under tho Constitution
ns it exists. I intend to read two or three
sections of this bill.
Mr. 'i RUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order, and it is this: the bill is not before the
Senate for discussion. It passed the Senate
ami has passed the House of Representatives
with^ certain amendments. The question in
the Senate is on concurring with the Ilouse in
its amendments. Ure cannot vote upon the
bill again, but only on these amendments; and
of course we cannot discuss a question on which
we cannot vote. All the amendments have
been adopted except tho last one, which is now
pending. The Senator from Kentucky moves
to postpone this subject until next December,
ihat does not bring out a discussion on the
jnerits of the bill, which the Senator proposes
to read, because we cannot vote on the bill; it
has passed from us ; and I insist, as he is pro-
posing to read the bill and discuss it, that it is
out of order to read and discuss a bill upon
which the .Senate cannot vote.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair the merits of the bill, as
tho Chair before stated, are not open to a gen-
eral discussion on a motion to postpone. On
a motion where the order of business only is
| concerned, reasons may be given for the post-
| ponement and against the posiponement. not
entering into the general merits of the ques-
tion. It is sometimes difficult to define the
line accurately ; but the Chair thinks that read-
ing the bill and discussing its general merits
would be an infringement of the rule.
_ Mr. DAVIS. Upon this question is it or is
it not proper to debate the point that Congress
has no power to act on the subject at all? That
is the point that I propose to debate. I am no
parliamentarian, but it seems to me, in the
course of my experience in Congress, that when
amendments were pending between the two
Houses, a motion to lay the bill itself or the
amendments that were pending between the two
Houses upon the table was always a motion in
order and always gave an opportunity to debate
the merits of the bill. But my purpose now is
more limited than that. My purpose is simply
to debate the proposition that Congress has no
constitutional power whatever to take cogni-
zance of or to pass any action at this time upon
these amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
Opinion of the Chair the only question for dis-
cussion is the amendment which' has not yet
been decided by the Senate. Whether that
should or should not be_ made to the bill is a
proper matter for discussion ; but that question
even, is not now before the Senate. The ques-
tion now- IS .shall the further consideration of
the bill ( and of course the amendments, for the
bill carries the amendments along with it) be
postponed until the first Monday of December
next? and in the opinion of the Chair that does
not authorize an investigation of the question
whether the bill should be passed by Congress
or not.
Mr. DA\ IS. My object is simply to make
a short (if the honorable Senator from Illinois
will excuse me) protest against the passage of
this bill. I ask the Chair, for information, if
a motion to postpone the bill and amendments
indefinitely would allow me to enter upon that
debate?
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. So far as
it goes to show that the bill ought to be post-
poned, the Chair thinks it would; so far as it
goes into the general merits of the bill, the
Chair thinks it would not.
Mr. DAVIS. As that would probably give
me a wider field of debate than the immediate
pending question, I withdraw the pending mo-
tion, and ask leave to present it in the form I
have indicated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator to withdraw his motion
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until next December.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; and to move the
indefinite postponement of the bill and the
amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is in order; but in the opinion of the Chair
the same rules of order would -apply to the
nrotion, although the Chair is not asked to de-
cide that question now. The Chair will put
that motion, however, if the Senator withdraws
the present one.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Chair is of opinion that
the same rules of debate will apply, 1 will make
another inquiry and modify my proposition.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to postpone indefinitely, in the opinion of the
Chair, would really not widen the debate be-
yond a motion to postpone until next Decem-
ber.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I withdraw that motion
and insist on the other motion that I made. I
now propose, I tell the honorable Senator from
Illinois, to debate the proposition that Congress
has no constitutional power to take cognizance
of this bill or of the amendments that have
been made to it by the House of Represent-
atives.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. The only question that
is now before the Senate for its consideration
is the amendment of the House to add the fol-
lowing section to the bill:
Sec. —. And be -it further enacted. That upon all
questions of law arising m any cause under the pro-
visions ot tills act a filial appeal may be taken to the
(supreme Court of the United States.
If the Senator from Kentucky can show that
that is unconstitutional, I shall not object to
his showing that; but he cannot, I apprehend,
go into a discussion of the bill, upon which
both Houses have passed, and which is not be-
fore us. We cannot amend the bill ; we can
amend nothing but this clause which I have iust
read.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the amend-
ment that is under consideration is in these
words: *
Andbeitfiirther enacted, That upon all questions
of law arising in any cause under the provisions of
CouroAtuSFted1tates.betaken t0 the SuPreme
Now, sir, I propose to debate this proposi-
tion: that all questions of law arising and de-
cided under this act are a nullity ; that the tri-
bunals intended by this bill to decide those
questions would have no power over them 5 and
therefore that this section authorizing an ap-
peal to the Supreme Court from cases that
were coram nonjudiee, from cases before tri-
bunals that had 110 proper judicial authority or
jurisdiction whatever to adjudge them would
be a mere nullity, and therefore this amendment
ought not to be adopted by the Senate. I will
proceed to entor upon the debate of that prop-
osition. I suppose I would have been about
half through by this time but for the consump-
tion of time on this point of order.
The honorable Senator from Illinois has not
