1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SMITH submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, andagreedto:
Resolved, That the President he requested to com-
municate to this House, if in his opinion not incon-
sistent with the public interest, any correspondence
or other information in possession of the Government
in regard to a demonstration made by both branches
of the Congress of the United States of Colombia in
honor of President Juarez, of the republic of Mexico,
for his perseveiance in defending the independence
and liberty of his country, and any other similardem-
onstrations from any other countries.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. McKEE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, andagreedto:
Whereas certain judges of the State courts of the
State of Kentucky have set aside the act of Congress
approved Maich 3,18G3, entitled "An act relating to
habeas corpus and regulating judicial proceedings in
certain cases," and have refused to parties the benefit
and protection which this_ act was intended to give
thorn, and further, the Legislature of said State hav-
ing recently passed a law making it unlawful for the
judicial officers of said Commonwealth to carry out
certain provisions of said act: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into and report at the earliest
day practicable what additional legislation is neces-
sary to carry into effect the provisions of said act, if
in their opinion a remedy can be applied by legisla-
tion, and to report to this House by bill or otherwise.
PRESENTS TO OFFICE-HOLDERS.
Mr. NIBLACK submitted the following reso-
lutions :
Resolved, That the conduct of his Excellency, An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States, in de-
clining to accept a carriage and horses tendered to
him^ since his recession to office by some of his friends
in New York, was, under the circumstances which sur-
rounded him, eminently prudent, commendable, and
patriotic, affording, as it did, a valuable example to
others similarly situated, and meets the unqualified
approbation of this House.
Be it farther i end, That it is the sense of this
House that the practice, now so common, of persons
holding official positions under the Government ac-
cepting presents of value from their subordinates in
office, more or less dependent upon them for appoint-
ment, promotion, or other official favors, is demoral-
izing in its tendencies, destructive of public confi-
dence, and ought to be prohibited.
Mr. FARNSWOPiTH. I move to laythose
resolutions on the table.
Mr. KASSON. I would ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Nibi.ack] not to press his
resolutions to a vote now. It does not seem to
those of us on this side who are equally inter-
ested with him in the establishment of correct
principles to be worthy the special action of
the House in that manner.
Mr. NIBLACK. As small as the matter
may seem to be, I think it a matter of some
importance, and I must call the previous ques-
tion on it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of or-
der. My point of order is that these resolu-
tions denominate the President of the United
States "his Excellency.'' There is no such
officer known to the Constitution of the United
States ; it is anti-democratic ; a title not known
or recognized. Our Chief Magistrate is desig-
nated ''the President of the United States."
Mr. NIBLACK. I confess that is a matter
with which 1 am not so au fait, perhaps, as the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] I am
in the habit of using plain language, and try to
express the idea I intend to convey. That is
the way T try to get at what I mean.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this is a new; point of order. His recollection
is that in the debates of early Congresses many
of the members called him "his Excellency,
the President.''
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no such officer
known under the Constitution as "his Excel-
lency, the President:" and lam astonished that,
even with all their lately conceived admiration
of the present Chief Magistrate, it should come
from the Democratic side of the House. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion]
that the gentleman is correct. But in the First j
Congress, after debate in both branches on the j
appropriate title, it was dropped without being I
settled: but the first Speaker sent a message to ;
the Senate in which lie styled him "the Presi-
dent;" and that is doubtless the proper official
title.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Farnswoiith, to lay the resolutions on the table.
Mr. NIBLACK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays werp- ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 19, nays 120, not
voting 87 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ashley, Bout-
well, Cook, Eckley, Farnsworth, Grmnell, Hooper,
Kelso, Loan, McClurg, McIndoe,McKee,Plants, Price,
Sloan, Williams, James F. Wilson, and Windom—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,Ba-
ker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bidwcll, BloW, Brandcgee, Bromwell, Bundy,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Cullom, Dawes, Dawson, Defrces, Deming,
Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, Eliot, Farciuhar, Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Grider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C.
Harding, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Hogan, Chester D.
Hubbard, DemasIIubbard, Jolinll. Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Jam'es 11. Ilubbell, Hulburd, James
Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, J enekes,
Julian, Kasson, Keiley.Kerr, Ketcliam, Kuykcndull,
Lafhn, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Mereur.Milter, Moor-
head, Morrill,Morris, Myers, Newell,Niblack, Nich-
olson, Nocll, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Phelps,
Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Kitter, Rog-
ers,Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanklin,Shella-
barger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Still-
well, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thayer. 1 rancis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, RobertT. VanHorn, Voor-
hees. Ward. Warner.ElihuB.Washburne, WilliamB.
Washburn, Wclkcr, Wentworth, Whaley, StephenF.
Wilson, Winfield, and Woodbridgi—126.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bergen,
Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Buck-
land, Culver, Darling, Davis, Delano, I) u in out, Gar-
field, Griswoid, Harris, Hart,Hayes, Holmes, Hoteh-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Johnson. Jones, LcBlond,
Longyear, Marston, MeCullough, McRuer, Moulton,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Raymond, Rousseau, Schenck,
Starr, Trowbridge, and Wright—37.
So the resolutions were not laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions go over
until Monday next, the morning hour having
expired pendingthe call of the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to give notice that
when these resolutions again come up for ac-
tion, I will move the following amendment in
addition:
And that it is to be regretted that members of this
Congress cannot, many of them, tukelike approbation
to themselves for patriotically and nobly refusing to
accept free passes tendered them by variousstreet rail-
ways and other railroad companies.
BASIS OF REPRESENTATION.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the
joint committee on reconstruction, which is
authorized to report at any time, to report a
joint resolution proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time. It is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both House? concurring,) That the iol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States: which, when ratified by three
fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, namely:
Article —. Representatives and direct taxes shall
be apportioned ainoiiE the several Sta.te3 which_may
be included within this Union according to their re-
spective numbers, counting the whole number of per-
sons m each State, excluding Indians not taxed: Pro-
vided, That whenever the elective franchise shall be
denied or abridged in any State on account of race or
color, all persons of such race or color shall be ex-
cluded from the basis of representation.
The question was upon ordcringthejointreso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STEVE NS. Mr. Speaker, I will say one
word on this subject. I will not make a speech,
because every member here has, I suppose, for
the last six weeks had this question under con-
sideration.
There are twenty-two States whose Legis-
latures are now in session, some of which will
adjourn within two or three weeks. It is very
desirable, if this amendment is to be adopted,
that it should go forth to be acted upon by the
Legislatures now in session. It proposes to
change the present basis of representation to a
representation upon all persons, with the pro-
viso that wherever any State excludes a par-
ticular class of persons from the elective fran-
chise, that Srate to that extent shall not be enti- j
tied to be represented in Congress. It does not j
deny to the States the right to regulate the elect-
ive franchise as they please: but it does say to j
a Stale, "If you exclude from the right ofsuf- I
frage Frenchmen, Irishmen, or any particular I
class of people, none of that class of persons
shallbe counted in fixing your representation
in this House. You may allow them to vote or
not, as you please; but if you do allow them to
vote, they •will be counted and represented here;
while if you do not allow them to vote, no one.
shall be authorized to represent them here; they
shall be excluded from the basis of representa-
tion."
As I said before, I shall not make, a speech
upon what every man understands, what is con-
tained in a nutshell, unless some gentleman on
the other side of the House desires to discuss
this question. ,
Mr. CHANCER,. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man for what purpose he proposes to this side
of the House a discussion. Is it for the pur-
pose of opening discussion now, or for the pur-
pose of having some future day fixed for the
discussion of the subject?
Mr. STEVENS. I intend, if the House is
ready, to have this joint resolution passed
before the sun goes down.
Several Members. We are ready.
Mr. STEVENS. But I will say frankly to
the gentleman that a gentleman on that side of
the House, a member of the committee on re-
construction, asked me not to deprive him of
the opportunity ol'sayinga word upon theamend-
ment, which he did not approve in committee;
and I thought it might bo a matter of courtesy
to say to him, "You shall have that opportu-
nity." Then I intended that, if there should
be any member on this side of the House, some
member of the committee perhaps, desirous to
reply to the gentleman, it should be done; and
then I proposed to submit to the House whether
it was not ready to pass this amendment to-day.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will my
colleague yield to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield to the gentle-
man for a question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say a word or two which will lead me to the
question that I desire to ask. Here the whole
policy of our Government is proposed to be
changed in the twinkling of an eye——
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not yield to my col-
league to discuss this question at present.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Well,
then, I ask my colleague to allow that this pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution may be
laid upon the table and be printed, so that we
may have proper opportunity to understand its
full scope. I know the scope of it, so far as
Pennsylvania is concerned. J know that it will
reduce her representation on this floor, and as
a Pennsylvanian, I am against it or any similar
proposition. But I do not know how it will
affect other States ; and therefore I ask my dis-
tinguished colleague to allow this proposition
to be at least printed, so that we may fully and
clearly understand its bearings before voting
upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state, Mr.
Speaker, that this same subject, haying been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, has
been considered by that committee, who had
determined to report, for the action of the
House, a proposition which, if I correctly caught
the language of this proposed amendment as
read, is substantially identical with it. I merely
state this to show that the Committee on the
Judiciary, after careful consideration, have
reached the same conclusion on this subject as
the joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. GRIDER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. STEVENS. Docs the gentleman wish
to discuss the question?
Mr. GRIDER. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to allow a proposition to be
made. He is the only gentleman occupying
the floor who can make a motion in regard to
