1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
responded to the question which I put directly
to Uiin. and that was, that he should read to
the Senate for my information, if not for the
information of the Senate, the clause of the
Constitution that authorizes Congress to pass
this bilL If Congress has no legal, constitu-
tional right to pass it, of course Congress has
no power to pass a section of the bill that will
authorize an appeal to the Supreme Court from
any of the spurious judgments that are pro-
posed to be rendered under it.
I asked the honorable Senator, and I again
repeat the question, it'it was now proposed by
some wiseacre who wanted the Constitution
amended, to add this as an additional clause to
the Constitution—Congress shall have power
to enact and establish for each State a civil and
penal codc l'or such State"—would any member
of the Senate vote for such a proposed amend-
ment? I have assumed that this bill proposes
that Congress shall do precisely the thing in
the passage of this bill that such a proposed
amendment of the Constitution would author-
ize Congress to do: and I have appealed to
gentlemen to know, if in the absence of a pro-
vision of the Constitution to that effect, aprop-
osition was made so to amend it thejr would
vote for it; and now being made, I have as-
sumed that they would all vote against it.
'flic first section of the bill is in these words :
That all persons born in the United States and not
subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians not
taxed, arc hereby declared to bo citizens ot the Uni-
ted States, and such citizens of cveiy race and color,
without regard to any previous condi'ion ot' slavery
or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment l'or
cvimc whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed, shall have the same right in eveiy St.ite and
Tcrritoiy in the United States to make and cntorce
contiacts, to sue, be paities, and give evidence, to in-
herit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and com ey l cal and
persona! property, and to lull and equa benetU of all
laws and proceedings for the security of person and
property as is enjoyed by white citizens, and shall be
subject to like punishment, pain?, and penalties and
to none other, any law. statute, ordinance, regula-
tion, or cub^oin, to the contraiy notwithstanding.
Here are embodied the two principal features
of this bill, which (he honorable Senator from
Illinois said, when it was before the Senate
some weeks ago, was of so much importance.
It is of vast moment. It is a greater stride
toward the consolidation of all power by Con-
gress than has ever before been taken or con-
ceived. It declares that all the acts of the
various State Legislatures relating to the sub-
jects of civil rights that are specified in the bill
shall be common and uniform in their applica-
tion to the people of each State, without regard
to race or color: and furthermore, that all laws
defining crimes and misdemeanors and de-
elaiiug punishments shall be the same and
unifinm in their application to the black and
white races of each State. I again challenge
the honorable Senator from Illinois, or any
advocate of this bill, to read me the provision
of the Constitution which authorizes Congress
to pass such a measure. We have laws in the
State of Kentucky that discriminate between
the punishment of the whites and blacks. Those
laws we expect to continue in operation, and
we expect to execute them in the future. "What
power has Congress to pass a law to harmonize
the criminal and penal laws of the State of
Kentucky, and command and coerce the same
punishments which are inflicted upon her white
citizens, and none other, shall be administered
to her negro population? "What authority has
Congress to command the government and the
people of Kentucky, or any State to confer on
the negro portion of its population the same
civil rights witli which the laws invest white
citizens? G-entlemen need not tell me that
this bill does not assume sucli power. It
assumes the principle, the general power that
would as well enable Congress to occupy both
of those vast fields of State and domestic legis-
lation which regulate the civil rights, and the
pains, penalties, and punishments inflicted
upon the people of the respective States which
were not delegated to the Government of the
United States, but were reserved to the States
respectively and to the people, as to them the
most important and interesting portion of their
original sovereignty.
I will give an example that I gave a few days
ago. We have a law in Kentucky that punishes
rape, when committed by a negro upon a white
woman, with death. This punishment for that
crime is not inflicted upon a white man. Now,
what does this bill propose ? To abrogate the
distinction between the punishment of a white
and black man in the State of Kentucky for
the commission of that crime. "Will any Sen-
ator tell me where Congress derives the power
to break down that difference? There are some
other differences of punishment between white
and black people there for the commission of
other crimes. The language of this bill pro-
vides that all diflerences ofpunishmenl between
the white and the black races for that or any
other crime shall cease, and that they shall be
subject to the same punishments for all offenses.
1 am not surprised that the honorable Senator
from Illinois, able lawyer though lie be, has
retreated from the task of answering tlie ques-
tion, whence does Congress derive the power
to pass this law ? Congress has not an iota of
pou Ci but what is conferred by the Constitution,
and if it were invested with one so important,
the provision embodying it would surely bo
quoted.
The same general remark might apply in re-
lation to the classes of civil rights that are set
forth in this bill and which are assured by it
to negroes in the same fullness that the laws
of the States guaranty them fo white citizens.
Some of the States make a difference between
the civil rights of white and blaekpeople. Here
intervenes this congressional bill deel iring that
all those differences shall cease, and that all
the people of every State, black and white,
shall have the same civil rights co nomine.
Thus this bill proposes to modify and harmo-
nize the code of laws of eacliStateso far as they
establish any distinctions in the civil rights,
and pains, penalities, and punishments of their
people of dillerent races. Arc Senators ready
to concede this principle? If Congressbas the
power to break down this difference in the laws
of Kentucky in flic respects to which 1 have
adverted, has it not (lie power to occupy the
whole domain of local and State legislation?
Some of the States deny to negroes the right
to hold lands. In relation to free negroes it is
not so in my State and never has been, but
sucli is the law in some of tlicm.
Now, sir, I hold that under our Constitution
and system of government both of these sub-
jects. the regulation of the civil rights of tlie peo-
ple of a State, and the laws by which they are
subjected to penalties and punishment, belong
exclusively to the government and people of
each State, and that Congress has no authority
or jurisdiction whatever over either of these gen-
eral subjects of legislation. I have called upon
the honorable Senator to produce his author-
ity, but to that call there is no response. He is
voiceless, and well may he be, because there is
no clause in the Constitution which confers
upon Congress the power to wrest any such
subjects of legislation from the States. If you
concede the principle for one subject, for one
civil right, or for one class of punishments, it
exists for all. If Congress have the right to
abolish tlie capital punishment of a slave m the
State of Kentucky, they have the right to reg-
ulate the whole subject of the punishment of
our people. There is no escaping from that
conclusion. If this congressional power exists
to the extent that it is attempted to be exer-
cised in this bill, it is without, limit except by
congressional discretion and forbearance.
Sir, Congress goes into my State, your State,
all the States, and declares by its legislation that
all races of their people shall enjoy a commun-
ity of civil rights, and that they shall bo sub-
jected to thesaroepunishment, and where there
arc differences in those respects it proceeds by
penal enactments to abolish those diflerences.
Docs not that consummate the consolidation of
all legislative power in Congress? Congress
may if it will go into each State and strike
down the penal and criminal codes of all the
States wholly and organize new bodies of laws
for them. A few years ago there was a pro-
vision in the constitution of Nevr Hampshire,"
and I believe it has not. been changed, if it has-
it has escaped my attention, that persons pro-
fessing the Roman Catholic religion should not
be eligible to office in that State. If the people: '
of the State of New Hampshire have a right to'
introduce that provision into their constitution
they have a right to subject Roman Catholics
to civil as well as political disability. I admit:
the flagrant injustice of such an exclusion by
the constitution of New Hampshire; but who
from the State of New Hampshire would con-
cede that Congress has the power by its legis-
lation to go into that State and to abrogate
that distinction of political rights*among her
citizens?
The questionl am debating is not the abstract
justice or policy of this bill, but simply the
constitutional power of Congress to pass it.
lf now in open session one Senator, without
pro\ ocation, were to murder another one, the
Senate would proceed with appropriate power
to punish the criminal by expulsion ; but if it
were to inflict upon him the punishment for
murder, by hanging, Senators themselves would
become murderers, and be subject to be pun-
ished as such. The enactment of all laws,
State and federal, .and their administration
are confided to the appropriate governments,
departments, and officers; and all other per-
sons who presume to do such acts are usurpers,
trespassers, and wrong-doers, who ought to be
punished as such. Government, order, and law
could not exist upon any other principles.
If Congress, has tlie power to regulate the
subjects which this bill assumes to regulate, it
is but the beginning of a new and most impor-
tant era of its legislation. There will, indeed, be
a development of our system of government of
which the fathers never spoke or wrote, or
which their sons never dreamed until the acme
of the present great national frenzy.
There is one other feature of this bill to which
I will advert, and I will then take my seat. If
it should become a law the people of the States
will be subject to two codes of laws: the black
man being governed by one, and fhe white man
being subject to the ot her. Here are the State
constitution and laws which every State officer
takes an oath to enforce. The judges, mar-
shals. and executive officers of a State all take
an oath to execute the State laws. "What does
this bill make the consequence of the attempt
of these State officers to execute these State
laws? It declares that they become guilty of
a high misdemeanor, and that they shall be
subject, to a fine not exceeding $1,000, or twelve
months' imprisonment, or both, at the discretion
of the court. What kind of a spectacle is it
which the Senate of the United States now
exhibits in passing a bill of this character, de-
nouncing the observance of the laws of the
States by their different officers, whose official
oaths require them to carry those laws into ex-
ecution. as a crime against the United States,
and providing for the punishment of the com-
mission of such a crime by these high penal-
ties? Is not the very proposition monstrous
and absurd? Suppose that, a Roman Catholic
is a candidate for the Legislature or for Con-
gress in the State of New Hampshire. In obe-
dience to the constitution of that State, if it
still reads as it did formerly, the officers of the
election refuse to open a poll for him, on the
ground that he is by the constitution of the
State ineligible to the office.
Congress passes a law declaring that among
the citizens of the State of New Hampshire all
shall be equally eligible to office. The consti-
tution and taws"of that State remain unchanged,
and the officers of their ejection conform to
them and disregard the law of Congress. Ac-
cording to the principle in this hill, they would
commit a crime against the Government ot tho
United States for which they would be subject
to be indicted in the United States courts, and
to be fined $1,000 each, and imprisoned for
twelve months, or both. The constitution and
laws of New Hampshire would be unjust and
absurd; but Congress would not have the power
to apply that or any other corrective. It would
