1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
it. On the 1st of June the telegraph announced
from Buffalo that large parties of Fenians
armed were in that city, and that it was ru-
mored an attack was to be made upon Canada
that night. But the Government did not move
to interfere with it. On the 2d of June the
telegraph announced that a party of Fenians
had invaded our neighboring Province, but so
far as I learn the Government was quiet; at all
events, the Government never uttered a word
of caution or of admonition against these dem-
onstrations. At the same time the telegraph
informed the Government from every quarter
of the Union that the Fenians were hurrying
armed to the assault, but no word of admoni-
tion was addressed to them; the Government
never said to them, "You must stand back."
An attack was made ; I think on the 2d of
June some fighting occurred; I forget the pre-
cise dates; but on the 2d or 3d of June we were
told that General Meade was proceeding to the
frontier and that the steamer Michigan was
taking up its position in the Niagara river, and
presently we began to learn that detachments
of Fenians going to reenforce their brethren
on the other side of the river were being ar-
rested ; but we heard no word of admonition
from the Government itself, the central power.
The controversy went on, and small detach-
ments, amounting, perhaps, to two or three
thousand men, having gone across the river,
the military force of the Government was de-
ployed upon the boundary line, and all rein-
forcements were cut off. What then? Of
course the small force that had crossed was
crushed and dispersed at once. What then?
They returned. What then? Your newspa-
pers and your telegraphs were busy detailing
to you the incidents of that short and incon-
siderable struggle ; but it was not until the 7th
of June, days after every vestige of the raid
was crushed out, that the President of the Uni-
ted States issued his proclamation, telling the
Fenians that they must keep the peace and
obey the neutrality laws. It seems to me that
that was a great deal too late to benefit cither
the Fenians or Great Britain. Our Army and
our Navy had intercepted all reenforcements
four days before that; the small detachment
that had gone into Canada were utterly crushed;
four days before that Fenianism was a mere
phantasy; and I cannot, for my life, conceive
what good the proclamation did either to Can-
ada, to Great Britain, or to the Fenians. In
that sense the London Times, might well say
that the Government of the United States had
done more than could have been expected of
it, because while it had uttered no admonition
to warn the Fenians from moving on Canada,
it had so employed the military force of the
country as that Fenianism must be utterly
harmless in Canada; and in that point of view
the Fenians themselves may be entirely war-
ranted in saying that the Government did a
great deal more than they expected, because
it did not only all it was required to do by law,
but did it under such circumstances as to put
ihem at disadvantage, while it gave no possible
advantage to their opponents.
Mr. President, one word more. As to the
merits of the I?enian movement I have only
this to say: freedom must be as dear a thing
in Ireland as in America or elsewhere; Ireland
dislikes her union with Great Britain; I am not
here to defend or to attack it; but I will say that
if Ireland had a representation in the British
Parliament proportionate to her population as
our rebels had more than the representation
which their population entitled them to in the
Congress of the Republic, then I should think
the effort of Ireland to break up that union
was as unjustifiable as was the effort of our
rebel States; but she has not that proportionate
representation; to the extent that is denied, no
man who loves equity and justice and fair deal-
ing can fail to sympathize with Ireland and all
who struggle for it. And whatever you may
say of the Irish character, I want to say here
in my place that I know of no people on God's
earth who have given higher evidence of love
of country than these very Fenians who, after
having abjured their native country as a place
of residence because of the oppressions by
which they were overborne there, still cling
to it, their affections still cluster about it, and
you saw them here, three thousand miles from
the land of their birth, mustering for it, ready
to do and to dare and to die for that country
from which oppression drove them years ago.
If you can find in the history of the present
experience of the world a higher evidence of
patriotic love than that, produce it; but till you
do find it, give credit to the Irish character for
one merit at least—that of patriotism.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it is a
nice thing to use elegant words; it is conven-
ient to use convenient words; it is popular to
use popular words. All these things have been
accomplished by the gentleman who has just
taken his seat. Outside of the gentleman from
Wisconsin and his companions, Ireland has
long been understood.- I venture to say that
I know more of Ireland than he does. It is
difficult for some to comprehend the compli-
cate ideas of a nation. The people of Ireland
are to-day a nation; they were a nation ages
before the Government of England was estab-
lished on its present basis. They were the
first people who established an organized civil-
ization in what is now known as the empire
of Great Britain and Ireland. This fact is
well known to all conversant with history.
Ignorant people deny it, and ignorant Irish-
men sometimes deny it themselves, but it is
a fact nevertheless.
That there is a discord between the people
of Great Britain and those of Ireland is a fact
that all careful observers have noticed; a dis-
cord that must be continued; that can only be
determined by the establishment of the right;
by the sovereignty of Ireland as an independ-
ent Government, or by her acknowledgment
by England as an independent kingdom, under
partial subjection, perhaps, to a common rule.
Her people cannot submit to the system under
which they have been governed; and there-
fore they have been driven into far and distant
lands ; to our own land, if you please. There
is no man who has read the tales of their an-
cient history, who has read the stories of their
former fame, who has not wept as he has gone
over the tale of savage tyranny imposed on
them by Saxon and by Dane from across the
sea. Would to God that they might even now,
with what assistance they could procure, tri-
umph and establish the Green Isle again as a
little empire by itself, independent of Great
Britain.
I am no Irishman ; if I go to my antecedents
I am a Scotchman ; but the outrages that have
been committed upon Ireland by England are
beyond all the outrages that have been per-
petrated in modern or middle ages, beginning
seven hundred years ago and running down to
tho time of the Uniou which was secured by
England by tho unsparing use of English gold.
So English gold is making tbis fight against
Ireland now. It is easier for England to give a
hundred thousand pounds (§500,000) to save
a fight, and to distribute another hundred
thousand pounds among those who help her
to achieve a bloodless victory. This is the
way she wins her battles.
I wish that Ireland, the beautiful land of
Hesperides of the old song, the great, the beau-
tiful island of the western seas, might redeem
herself into an independency; and I am for
seeing it done, and it will have my full assist-
ance whenever any reasonable proposition shall
be made.
I will vote for this resolution to give the
building contemplated for the discussions of
Irishmen. There is more eloquence in an Irish-
man than there is in an Englishman, and more
than there is in a Yankee anyhow, and more
than you will find anywhere about unless you
go to Kentucky, and perhaps the Philadelphia
convention will bring the Kentuckians out.
[Laughter.] This resolution only involves a
question of sentiment, but I say let the Fenians
have a. full show and have a elianec here to say
what they think.
_ Mr. WILSON. I desire to have this ques-
tion disposed of at the earliest possible moment.
This resolution came to us from the House of
Representatives, where it was introduced by a
gentleman from the State of Ohio, distinguished
for personal character and for great modera-
tion—I refer to Mr. Delano. When it came
here and was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, I sent for Mr. Delano to learn
the facts of the case. I learned that he had
been waited upon by a deputation of gentlemen
who were at this meeting which was broken up
or threatened to be broken up in ease it did not
disperse. The House of Representatives based
its action upon this information. So far as I
am concerned, wherever I see any people strug-
gling for the restoration of lost nationality or
for the enlargement of their own individual
rights, no matter to what race they belong, I
give them my sympathy and bid them God
speed.
In regard to the action of our Government
with reference to the late movement in Canada,
I do not suppose anybody expected that our
Government could do otherwise than enforce
its neutrality laws, but in doing that it should
not act in an arbitrary manner or violate the
rights of the citizen. I do not know that it did
that, but it is charged by many of the people
interested in that movement that the same
action by our Government was pursued on the
Canadian frontier that was pursued in the rebel
States during the civil war. Whether that be
so or not I do not know. So far as England is
concerned I have not and never had any affec-
tion for her. I was never awed by her splendor
or charmed by her power. During the four
years of our war her influence was against us,
and I must confess that when I saw her anx-
ieties during the last few months I did not suf-
fer any on that account. I hope, sir, that the
Senate will pass the resolution as it came from
the House of Representatives. I see no reason
why it should not be passed. It certainly can
do no harm. *
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President-—
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will give
way, I should like to move an executive ses-
sion. There are certain messages that ought
to be referred.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I yield the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. WILSON. I hope my colleague will
allow mo to call up and put on its passage a
little bill which lies on the table that is of a
good deal of importance to many soldiers. I
am sure no one will object to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX OP 1884.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the joint resolution (H. R. No.
1-35) to prevent the further enforcement of the
joint resolution No. 77, approved July 4, 1864,
ugainstoflicers and soldiers of the United States
who have been honorably discharged, so as to
relieve them from the further payment of the
special five per cent, income tax imposed
thereby, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
I3F.3X0R AND Jl'cOUD.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave 1o introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 145) for the relief of
George C. Bestor and Charles W. McCord. It
provides for the organization by the Secretary
of the Navy of a board of three competent per-
sons to inquire into and determine how much
the vessels-of-war Shiloh, built by George C.
Bestor, and Utlah, built by Charles W. Mc-
Cord, and their machinery, cost the contractors
over and above the contract price and allow-
ance for extra work; and on the Secretary of
the Navy approving the report of the board the
amount'found due is to be paid, not, however,
exceeding twelve per cent, upon the contract
price.
