14X6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
be a matter with which Congress had nothing
to do.
Mr. President, I think this bill originates in
a mistaken policy, to use the mildest phrase
with which it can be characterized. If it is in-
tended to pacify the country, to give peace to
it, and to reconcile the different races of which
that country is constit uted to each other, it is
a most mistaken policy to enact ary such law
as this. There are in all the old slave States
men whose business and whose ownership of
lauds will require them to employ the negroes
who were lately slaves as laborers; but much
the larger proportion of the white people will
have no sueh,demand for negro labor. A great
portion of the white people who do not own
lands will bo competitors with the negroes for
employment in the service of those men who
may need the labor of both or of either. What
state of things will this bill introduce among
this population? AVo all know, you know, sir,
and every man knows, that there will be a com-
petition bet ween the while and the black laborers
for employment, for wages; and this competi-
tion on the part of the white men will be lim-
ited lo the poorer classes, who do not wish to
employ labor themselves, and whose vocation
and living is to bo employed as laborers.
The passage of such a bill as this is calcu-
lated to produce interference between, and a
disturbance of, the relations of the black la-
borer and his whiio employer, to get up feuds
and quarrels and contentions between them by
interested and sinister persons, to alienate the
white employer from the black laborer, and con-
se<|ueiitlv by such venations, to induce the em-
ployer lo resort to the white instead of the black
laborer to cultivate his fields, and perform his
other work. If this bill is passed, it will pro-
mote loud •and enmity between the white em-
ployer and the black laborer. It is inevitable.
The way to avoid that feud, at least to as large
a degree as is practicable, js to leave the rela-
tion to itself and the parties to it, and to the
laws and policy of the Staies. 'The people
tliei e and the governments of the Stales are
most interested in liui monixiiig the relations
between the black laborer and the, white em-
ployer; and it is their inteiot that peifectly
friendly, confidential, and jrelations shall
exist between iho^e classes of their population.
This result will be promoted by leaving the
onlire natter to the parties interested, and to
Stsle legislation and policy, by keeping the
officious and interested and corrupt agents of
the (.'eneral (lovernmoiit entirely out of the
field of relations and regulations between the
two classes of society.
I had intended to show that the appeal held
Out in the last amendment ol'iim House is de-
lusi\e, but a lalse pretense; that, on questions
Ol lav it could be tun or taken unless there was
a certificate ol a division ol'opinion of the dis-
trict aml_ circuit judges. Upon the facts and
merits of a ease an appeal would not lie, unless
the a: I'funt was and that it was wholly
una\ ailable because ofthe vague poverty of that
section ia providing lor and to regulate the
appeal. Cut I forbear.
! therefore, on the grounds that Thave stated,
Oppose this bill. 1 know that they weigh noth-
ing u ite, the dominant, power here. Yi hat care
I 1 >r that? What care i for the manner in
which my suggestions may be received by the
niiijoi'ii y? .Nothing : less than nothing;, if pos-
sible. J am peifouning my duty according to
my cense of that duty; and in"despite of all
0ppo,-,hon, of ti owns or sooifs or of any other
opposition, come m what t'oim it may, I will
stain! up to the las! hour of my service in this
Chamber, and will endeavor, as best 1 can, to
perform mv duty whatever may betide mo.
_ '1 lie FRESIDEXT pro feinpore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment ofthe
House of Representatives to add an additional
section to the bill which has been read.
i he amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That dis-
poses of die amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from tlie House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker had signed the following en-
rolled bill and joint resolution, which there-
upon received the signature of the President
pro icmpoie of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 33) in relation to the -Court of
Claims; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 84) for the
relief of the sufferers by the late explosion
at the United States arsenal in the District of
Columbia.
senator fkosi xew jersey.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to give notice to
the Senate that on Monday next I shall move
to take up for consideration the case of the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,]
whose right to a seat has been questioned. I
wish to give this notice now, in order that it
may be understood that we will take up that
case on Monday.
dehciency civil bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone all
prior oideis with a \ie\v to take up House bill
No. 80, the deficiency bill. The necessity for
it is very pressing. There is a great want of
the money.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as iu Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 8(3) making addi-
tional appropriations, and to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations, for sundry civil expenses
of (be Government for the fiscal year ending
the ;>0th of June. 1 Sfitj, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. T move that the ordi-
nary course of reading- bills be dispensed with,
and that wc act upon the amendments that are
proposed by the committee as we come to them
on the first reading of the bill, instead of hav-
ing the bill read over twice. It is a long bill
and has been pretty thoroughly examined, and
I think there is no occasion for spending so
much time in the reading of it.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. That course
will be adopted unless objection be made. The
reading of the bill will be proceeded with until
an amendment reported from the Committee
on Finance to the text of the bill is reached,
and the question will be taken upon the amend-
ments of the Committee as they are reached
in the reading of the bill. The leading will
proceed with that understanding.
The .Secretary proceeded to read the bill, and
read to the following clause, under the head of
" light-house establishment:"
For coiumi sions, at two and a half per cent., to
such superintendents as are entitled to the same,
umler the iirovi.-o to act 3d March, tSil, on the
amount that may be disbursed by them, So,000.
Jlr. FESSEXDEN. 1 move to strike out
that clause. It was accidentally omitted to be
considered in the committee, and 1 do not find
it in the estimates _ for this year. I think it
would be well to strike it out, and if the House
can persuade us that it is best to keep it, very
well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The first, amendment reported by the Com-
mittce on Finance was on page 5, section one,
alter line ninety-eight, to strike out the follow-
ing clause :
F^r surrey of anil for buoying; out Seekonk river
iron) I v.vl Ticket to India I^omt, in Providence, Ithode
Island, £1,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We could not find any
estimate for that in the papers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7. section
one, line one huudred and forty one, to strike
out "twenty" and insert "ten;" so that the
clause will read:
/ For rebuilding outer-rangelight at Cedar Point,
Sandusky bay, Ohio, $10,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, sec-
tion one, line two hundred and fifty, to strike
out the word "five" and insert "six," and
after the word "thousand" to insert "five
hundred;" so that the clause will read:
For fitting up rooms in basement, under the court-
- room of the Supreme Court, for a consultation room
for the court, §6,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, section
one. after line two hundred and fifty, to strike
out the following clause:
For removing the unsightly double railing or fence
erected across the old Hall of Representatives, (and
all stands for the salo or display of any articles what-
ever in any of the entrances to the House on the main
floor,) in tho Capitol, ten dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, section
one, after line two hundred and fifty-five, to
strike out the following clause:
For sewer in Four-and-a-half street, in front of
reservation between Missouri avenue and the canal,
under act of May 15,1820, $1,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
pay for sewers and paving in front of Government
property constructed under the act of May 5,1864,
$32,070.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ngxt amendment was on page 12, section
one, after line two hundred and sixty-three, to
insert the following clause:
To enable tho Commissioner of Public Buildings to
pay tor sewers and paving in front of Government
propertyconstru_etedby thecity of Washington under
tho act of May 15,1820, and for cleaning Pennsylvania
avenue, May 22 and 23, 1865, $37,920 61.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That should be reduced
$510. I move, in line two hundred and sixty-
nine to strike out " nine," and insert "four;"
and also to strike out the word "twenty" at
the end of that line, and insert "ten;" so that
it will read, "$37,410 61." It is an error inthe
amount.
Tho amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out from
lines two hundred and eighty-two to two hun-
dred and eighty-five of section one, in the fol-
lowing words:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, tha
public grounds around them, and around the execu-
tive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue, Four-and-a-
half street, $50,000.
And in lieu of these words to insert:
For lighting theCapitol and Presidont'sJIouse.tha
public grounds aroundthem, and around the execu-
tive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue, Bridge and
High streets in Georcetown, Four-and-a-half street,
Seventh and Twelfth streets across the Mall, and
Maryland avenue west, and Sixth street south.
$85,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIOWE. I see that tho Senate is acting
on the amendments reported by the Finance
Committee. I desire to ask whether it suits
the convenience of the Senator from Maine
that other amendments should be proposed
now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not until we get through
with the amendments ofthe committee. That
is the usual way.
The Secretary continued tho reading of the
bill till he reached the next amendment ofthe
Finance Committee, which was to strike out
lines three hundred and thirty-two and three
hundred and thirty-three of section one, in
these words:
For the protection and improvement of Franklin
square, $1,720.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For the protection and improvement of Franklin
square, and tor lighting Thirteenth-and Fourteenth
streets m front of said square, $5,000, to be expended
under the direction and superintendence of William
oaimders, superintendent of the propagating garden.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, to
strike out lines three hundred and sixty-one,
three hundred and sixty-two, and three hun-
dred and sixty-three, as follows:
For building sewer on Pennsylvania avenue, from
Seventeenth street to Twentieth street, $27,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
