2876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mfry 3,
at that point so that any steamer may pass by
that city on its way up the river without any
detriment whatever. But, sir, if we pass this
till there will be a series of obstructions from
the city of St. Louis to the falls of St. Anthony.
The bridge the gentleman has spoken of is
one of the greatest obstructions, if not an ab-
solute nuisance, causing extra insurance to be
demanded by the insurance companies, and
the loss of thousands of dollars' worth of' valu-
able property annually. In addition to the
natural obstructions it imposes a burden npon
the cities on that stream which they are not
able to bear. In adverse winds boats have had
to remain for days at Rock Island. By this
bill you propose to obstruct it at Quincy, Han-
nibal, Keokuk, and I do not know how many
other places.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Has the gentleman
examined the provisions of this bill?
Mr. BLOW. I have. They call for a draw
of one hundred and sixty-five feet, leaving only
a channel hardly the width of the vessels them-
selves.
Mr. KASSON. I ask as a point of order
whether it is proper to discuss the merits of
the bill on the motion to refer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That brings
up the whole question.
Mr. KASSON. I presume the proper time
for this debate will be when the bill has been
returned from the committee. I understand
it has been prepared with unusual care and on
consultation with eminent engineers. We un-
derstand uniformly that a bridge near the city
and within the district of a member of Con-
gress is always large enough and high enough,
m the opinion of that member, but that a bridge
above or below obstructs commerce, by being
too small, and therefore ought not to be al-
lowed to remain.
I have submitted my amendment with special
reference to the wants of central and western
Iowa. We want a double outlet for our products,
the unobstructed option of the Chicago and
Si. Louis markets, and competition between
railroads for freight. Willi this bridge at Keo-
kuk we can send our products to St. Louis
without breaking balk. From DesMoines as
a common center there will be two routes open
to Chicago, and one, if not two, to St. Louis,
and all without the serious obstruction of
breaking bulk at tlio river, with its heavy
accompanying charges.
Willi these remarks I simply now desire, as
1 am pressed all around, and as there are other
measures wailing that are urgent, to ask the
previous question on the motion to refer this to
the committee. The whole subject will be open
for debate when it comes back.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether by the provisions of this charter
the bridge company would be liable for damages
growing out of obstruction of the navigation.
Mr. KASSON. Certainly they are if the
bridge is improperly constructed, liable at
common law.
Mr. BENJAMIN'. They would not, if it is
built according to the provisions of the bill.
Mr. KASSON. I have no sort of objection
to the fullest debate, but I understand it to be
the wish of the House not to discuss it now.
Mr. STEVENS. The merits of this bill are
not open, and I trust it will not take up the
whole day. _ Let it go to the committee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 80, extending
the time-for the completion of the Union Pa-
cific railroad, eastern division; which was read
a first and second lime,
Mr. STEVENS. I trust that may be con-
sidered now.
The bi 11 was read in full. It extends the time
for the completion of the first one hundred
miles until June 27, 1866.
I.offer the following amend-
Mr. STEVENS,
ment:
That the time for commencing and completing the
Northern Pacific railroad and all its several sections
is extended for the terra of two years.
Mr. ROSS. Is that amendment germane to
the subject? I raise the question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order. It relates to the building of railroads
across the continent. It is a question for the
House whether it will concur in the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. The object of the amend-
ment is simply this: the original resoration
proposed to extend the time for the comple-
tion of the southern branch of the Union
Pacific railroad for a few months according to
the recommendation of the message of the
President. The time had expired. One and
a half section had been finished, but not within
the time required by law by a few days. The
message of the President informed us that
unless we extended the time the subsidy could
not be granted. Two months are asked for.
The amendment I offer is to give further time,
but it proposes no advantage except the exten-
sion of the time.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and underthe operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the title of the
bill was amended by adding thereto the words
" and for other purposes."
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed and the title
amended; and also moved to lay that motion
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SEW Y0R1I AND MONTANA MINING COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 203, to enable the New
York and Montana Iron Mining and Manufac-
turing Company to purchase a certain amount
of the public lands not now in market.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay thai on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS' AND SAILORS' ORPHAN HOME.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.^ I desire
to make a statement. Several patriotic ladies
have_ sent me a bill to incorporate the National
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It is a very worthy object.
I find among the managers the names of Mrs.
General Sherman, Mrs. Carlile, Mrs. Todd,
Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Hale, Mrs. General Curtis,
Mrs. General Seofield, g,nd agreat many others;
and I venture to bring the matter to the con-
sideration of the House. I have looked over
this bill, and if the House, after hearing it read,
sees nothing objectionable in it, I will ask to
have it passed.
The bill was read.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire of my colleague
if this bill does not take the custody of the
property of these orphans out of the hands of
their guardians, and give the control of it to
this corporation.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask for the reading of
the sixth section.
The Clerk read the section, as follows:
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That no child
shall ever be bound out from this institution.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think that is prac-
ticable. If the institution is to raise them up
in idleness, and never bind them out, it is con-
trary to all precedents that I ever heard of.
I move to strike that section out, so as to leave
it discretionary with the managers of the insti-
tution.
The motion was agreed to, and the sixth
section was stricken out.
^ Mv, ROSS. I again ask my colleague if this
bill does not taka the custody of the persons
and property of the children out of the hands
of legally appointed guardians, and give it to
this corporation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think that that is the construction of the bill.
Mr. ROSS. It appears to me from the read-
ing of it that it is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman desires to. amend it in that respect he
can do so.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ross] that he offer an
amendment providing that the bill shall not be
construed in that way.
The SPEAKER. The section referred to
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross}
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows r
•' Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That upon any
minor child being removed from or leaving tliis in-
stitution, as provided in the preceding section, and
there beintr due to such _ minor child any pension or
back pay from the TJnited States Government, the
directors^ theinstitution shall retain control of such
back pay or bounty until such child attains the age
of majority, paying to such child during minority
only the interest thereof, or such further sum as, m
the discretion of the board, may be necessary for the
support and maintenance of such minor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
very good provision. I think no one can ob-
ject to it. 1 think the House had better pass
the bill.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I wish my col-
league would explain why bounty money be-
longing to these orphans is safer in the hands
of the directors of this corporation than in those
of the agents which the law provides. Guard-
ians are safer depositaries than these direct-
ors, who may or may not be good. They are
good now, no doubt. But the institution may
degenerate, as many things do in this world.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league entirely misapprehends the character
of this bill. It is certainly for one of the most
laudable objects to which our attention could
possibly be called, and I think the provision to
which the gentleman alludes is one of the best
provisions of the bill. It provides that the
funds of these orphans shall be kept by the
institution, and the interest paid to them, until
they come of age. The bill is designed for the
purpose of protecting, educating, and caring
for the orphans of soldiers and sailors.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to strike
out that, eighth section.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest to my colleague if it
would not be better to refer this bill to the
Judiciary Committee or some other committee
that will examine it. I have no objection to
the object of the bill, but I think it had better-
be referred and examined.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I have no
objection to its rofercncc.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
rl Aiico ndciwo i^
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I have the
floor now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Then let
the gentleman take charge of the bill.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I will take
charge of it if the gentleman wants me to.
Wehaveasystem of laws throughout the Uni-
ted Slates by which the interest of the minor
children of our dead soldiers is secured. The
Government itself which makes these grants
to these orphans provides a place where this
money shall be cared for and kept safe and
secure. But, overriding all that system, it is
proposed to provide here by a general sweep-
ing clause that whenever the money of these
orphans gets into the hands of this corpora-
tion, the custody of the funds shall be in the
management of these directors. To that I ain
opposed. It is too large and sweeping a pro-
vision. I do not understand how the funds of
these orphans will ever get into the possession
of these directors. I shall move to refer the
bill, unless my colleague will consent to strike
out this section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, The gen-
tleman can make his motion, and the IIous®
can do what they please about it.
