1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DELANO. Is it in order to move to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. DELANO. I make that motion, then,
in entire friendship to the measure, and simply
because I do not think it is likely to be per-
fected in this mode. And I move that the
committee have leave to report it at any time.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Then I with-
draw my motion to strike out the eighth section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I assent
to the motion of the gentleman from Ohio. I
have no desire to press this bill against the
objection of a single man here.
Mr. DELANO. I have no objection to the
bill. My object is to get it through.
The motion was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with leave to report at any time.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. William
J. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate
No. 155, concerning the boundaries of the
State of Nevada.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a concurrent reso-
lution providing that the standing Committees
of the two Houses on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to inquire and report
what further provision, if any, should be made
for the accommodation of the State Depart-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 99) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of
a military road from Albany, Oregon, to the
eastern boundary of said State;
An act (S. No. 230) to reimburse the State
of West Virginia for moneys experded for the
United States in enrolling, equipp:ng, and pay-
ing military forces to aid in sujspressing the
rebellion;
An act (S. No. 274) for the relief of John
Ericsson; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 71) referring the
petition and papers in the case of Joseph S ock
to the Court of Claims.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. DELANO, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the fdes of
the House of the papers, copies being left, in
the eases of W. P. Jones, Benjamin Roaeh,
J. A. Hudnall, and Amisted T. M. Filler.
On motion of Mr. ORTH, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of James Nokes,
copies being left.
wisconsin railroad grants.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution explanatory of
and in addition to the act of May_5,_ lfe>(U,
entitled "An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in the State of
Wisconsin which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was referred; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sale of school lands.
Mi-. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend section two of an act
entitled "An act to authorize the Legislatures
of the States of Illinois, Arkansas, Louisiana,
and Tennessee to sell the lands heretofore
appropriated for the use of schools in those
States;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee oil Pub-
lic Lands.
establishment of post routes.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish certain post routes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
west virginia war claims.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I ask
eonsent of the House to take from the Speak-
er's table, and have referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, Senate bill No. 230, to re-
imburse the State of West Virginia for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and paying military forces to aid in
suppressing the rebellion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
unless it be to refer to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Itmakes
a specific appropriation, and therefore should
go to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I think it
is high time this question of jurisdiction over
bills of this character should be determined by
this House. The Committee on Appropria-
tions has no right to consider these bills, but
they should go to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. As objection is made the
bill will not be taken up now.
territorial business.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I understand that
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Harding]
withdraws the objection he made some time
since to allowing the Committee on Territories
to have an hour for the consideration of their
business after the morning hour of to-morrow
shall have been concluded.
Mr. DEMING. I renew the objection.
wagon road in dakota territory.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have the following preamble and reso-
lution considered at this time:
"Whereas an act of Congress was passed March 3,
1865, entitled "An act to provide for theconstruction
of certain wagon roads m the Territories of Idaho,
Montana, Dakota, and Nebraska;" and whereas by
said act the sum of $20,000 was appropriated for the
construction of a wagon road from a point at or near
the mouth of the Big Sioux river, via Yancton,
Dakota Territory, to a point at or near the mouth of
the Big Cheyenne river, thence up said river to its
main fork, thenee up the north fork to a point of
intersection with the road from Niobrara: and
whereas the work on said wagon road is reported to
have been commenced and far advanced in 1865, by
orders from the Secretary of the Interior, during the
prosecution of which work treaties are claimed to
have been made with the Indian tribes occupying
the country through which said road is located, by
which the right of way was secured to the United
States; and whereas the Secretary of the Interior is
represented to have ordered a suspension of work
upon said Cheyenne road, and required the superin-
tendent having charge of the construction of the
same, to turn over all of the stock, implements, and
money appropriated ond purchased for the said road
to the superintendent of the Niobrara road, whereby
the opening and construction of the Cheyenno road
are prevented, to the great injury of the Territory oi
Dakota: Therefore, .
lieaolvcd. That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform this House whether the work on
the said load has been arrested or interrupted by his
orders, and if so, for what reason the same has been
done; whether any ofthemoneys appropriated thereto
have been diverted to the uses of the Niobrara or any
other road mentioned in said act, with the authority,
if any in that ease, for said diversion.
Mr. GRINNELL. Before determining
whether I shall object to the introduction of
this resolution at this time, I would inquire
of the gentleman whether he has sought the
information he asks at the Department of the
Interior, and if he has been unable to obtain
it there.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I will say that two years
ago an appropriation was made for the con-
struction of this wagon road. Since that time
it is said that treaties have been made with the
Indians along the line of the road, and it is
said that the Government has secured the
right of way for the road along there. I now
understand that since those treaties have been
made orders have been issued to suspend work
upon this road, upon the ground that the In-
dians will not allow it to proceed. Now, I
want to know whether there is anything in
those treaties, or whether they are mero shams.
I have applied, but, ha to not been able, to
obtain the information at the Interior Depart-
ment., and I have introduced this resolution in
order to ascertain the facts in the case.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I object.
frederick county, virginia.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio,
the Committee on the Judiciary were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of citizens of Frederick county, Vir-
ginia, asking that that county be attached to ■
the State of West Virginia ; and the same was
laid upon the table.
joiin ericsson.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask unanimous con*
sent to take from the Speaker's table, for refer-
ence to the Committee on Naval Affairs, Senate
bill No. 274, for the relief of John Ericsson.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the bill be read.
The bill was accordingly read. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to John
Ericsson the sum of $13,930, in full for his
services in planning the United States war
steamer Princeton, and in planning and super-
intending the construction of the machinery
for the same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to its reference. It contains an
appropriation and will have to go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, anyhow, when it shall
be reported from that committee.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table, ■
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock and ten minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presonted under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: The claim of Henry P. Sanger,
for services rendered as book-keeper and toller in the
office of H. K. Sanger, late United States depositary.
By Mr. BKOMWJELL: The petition of Thomas A.
Cosgrove, and others, praying for a law regulating
insurance. „_ ^
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of Dr. J. A.
Meredith, asking that certain medicines be exempt
from taxation.
By Mr. FERRY: The memorial of J. C. Lewis, and
16 others, citizens of Washington, prayingfor the pas-
sage of a law regulating intcr-Stato insurances.
BvMr. GLOSSlSltKNNER: The petition of Arthur
W. J?arfiuhar, of York county, Pennsylvania, praying
compensation for certain merchandise furnished to
the Government in IStU under contract.
By Mr. KKLLEY: The memorial of merchants and
citizens of Philadelphia, praying that the officers and
men of the Kearsarge be rewarded lor tho sinking of
the Alabama, as recommended by the Secretary of tho
Navy.
By Mr. LAFLIN: Tho memorial of H. A. Harvey,
of New York city, praying for the extension of cer-
tain patents for the manufacture of wood screws issued
respectively. , . .
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A petition
from citizcns of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, asking
an increase of duties on foreign wools. ^ ,
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of A. V. Bafch,
and 20 others, citizens ot Waupacca county, v\ lscon-
sin, praying for an enactment of equal laws ior tlio
regulation of inter-State insurances. .
By Mr. SOHENCK: The petition of physicians of
Baton, Ohio, praying that mcdicincs and prepara-
tions of IheUnited States or other national Pharma-
copoeia, of which the full and proper formula is pub-
lished in the dispensatories, &c., be placed on the free
list, inasmuch as the high tax on alcohol is suilieient
to exempt them from tax on " officinal medicines.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of Jolm McGar-
rish, asking for increase of pension.
Also, two petitions of Cary Ahl, and numerous
others, citizens of Pennsylvania, asking for protec-
tion for American industry. .
Also, thepetition of Elizabeth Klmger, praying lor
a pension. .
Also, the petition of Martha E. Bauer, praying for
a pension. T ^ ,
By ill-. AVELKER: The petition of J. II. Fay, and
66 others, wool-growers of Lorain county, Ohio, ask-
ing protection on wool. „ „ „ , _
Also, the petition of R. 0. 3?enn, and -w others,
wool-growers of Medina county, Ohio, asking for the
Also, the petition of Charles Boydston, and 23 oth-
ers, wool-growers of Wayne county, Ohio, asking lot
tho same. „ T .
By Mr. WISDOM: The petition of J.C. La&ton,
and 22 others, citizens of Minnesota, asking tne en-
actment of just and equal laws for the regulation of
inter-State insurances of all kinds.
Also, the petition of J. S. Sawyer, and 27 others,
citizens of Minnesota* on tho same subject.
