2378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
Also, the petition of Gardner Darr, and 71 others,
citizens of Minnesota, asking an increased, t&rin on
W By' Mr. WOODBBIDGE: The petition of Alfred
Hull, and 60 others, citizens of Wallingford, Ver-
mont, praying for an increased duty on foreign wool.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
«ras given under the rule:
By Mr. DA11LING: A bill directing the Secretary
of the Treasury to refund to the proper party orpar-
tiesthe amount of tax paid under section seven of
the act to increse the internal revenue, and for
other purposes, passed March 7, 1864, upon spirits
imported prior to tho date of said act.
IN SENATE.
Fkiday, May 4, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONNESS. I present the petition of
many thousands of the working men and trades
societies of the city of San Francisco, Califor-
nia, addressed to the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of Amer-
ica, in which they say :
"We, the undersigned citizens of the Stato of Cal-
ifornia, respectfully pray that you will be pleased to
enact that eight hours shall be tho period fixed for a
legal day's work of labor, as to all workmen, artisans,
or laborers in the employ of tho United States; and
that as weights, measures, &c., have been fixed and
ascertained by law, you will, in like manner and
spirit, fix tho number of hours at eight, which shall
. constitute a legal day's labor."
I simply desire to say, Mr. President, in
connection with the presentation of this peti-
tion, that the subject was before the Legisla-
ture of California on a like petition to this,
and it was believed for a length of time by tho
workmen of that State that favorable action
would be had upon it. I doubt not that State
action is the more legitimate mode of arriving
at this result than Federal action ; but it will
be observed that the petition only asks that a
law be passed to fix the hours of labor which
shall constitute a legal day's work in the em-
ployment of the United States.
I desire to say in addition, on presenting
this petition, and I speak from a long experi-
ence, that I fully believe labor would be as
profitable to the whole nation if eight hours
constituted a legal day's work as now that ten
hours mostly do so, because I believe that the
labor which could be and would then be per-
formed in eight hours would be fully the equiv-
alent of the labor that ia generally performed
now in ten hours. I present the petition and
move its reference to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom a like petition, I believe, has
heretofore been referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts addressed to
the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled, and praying Congress to
reimburse_ certain moneys expended by Massa-
chusetts for the common defense. This me-
morial, which is somewhat elaborate, sots forth
at length the occasion on which these moneys
were expended by Massachusetts and why Mas-
sachusetts undertook to expend them, and the
consequent liability of the United States to
reimburse them; and it concludes as follows:
The government of Massachusetts under instruc-
tions fromThcGeneral Government acted with all its
accustomcd vigor and liberality, and may now justly
call upon tho parental authorities of the general
r i0R yrA e measure of equity in reimbursement,
of which the expectation was raised by their own
promise. Tho Comiuoimealth of Massachusetts,
therefore, through its Legislature, respectfully asks
that Congress will pass an act to provide for the
refunding by the General Government of tho ex-
penditures lUiide by Massachusetts as herein stated
and explained."
This memorial is duly authenticated by the
officers of the Legislature. I offer it and move
its reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia; and at the same time,
as it is a memorial from a State, I presume
that if it does not come positively within the
rule of the Senate, I shall not go too far if I
ask that it bo printed.
The memorial was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the_ Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS. I present the petition of
William Syphax, who represents that some
forty years ago the late Mr. Custis, of Arling-
ton, gave to his mother, Maria Syphax, on
manumitting her, a piece of land of fifteen
acres; and he asks that Congress may confirm
the title to that piece of ground to his_ mother
and lier heirs. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present the memorial of
the Sons of Temperance and Good Templars
of Worcester, Massachusetts, in which they set
forth that they are members of an organization
of two hundred and fifty thousand persons in
the United States, and they go on to speak of
the evils brought upon the country, in the pub-
lic service, civil, military, and naval, by intox-
ication ; and they ask Congress to pass a law
providing that intoxication shall work a dis-
missal of any public officer in the civil, mili-
tary, or naval service of the country. I move
the reference of the memorial to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Midland, Michigan, praying for a
grant of land to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Saginaw to some point on Lake
Michigan in the direction of Bay de Noquetto
and in tho Grand Traverse region; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present a memorial from
ninety-five citizens of the counties of Dorset
and Somerset, in Maryland, stating that they
were assessed by General Loekwood in several
thousand dollars for the purpose of rebuilding
a church that had been burned, and with the
burning of which they say they had nothing to
do. I move its reference to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented six memorials
frorn citizens of Alexandria city and county,
Virginia^ remonstrating against the proposed
retrocession of that county to the District of
Columbia; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS Off COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 519)
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide for
the payment of horses and other property de-
stroyed in the military service of the United
States," approved June 24, 1864, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 46) for the relief
of Henry M. Whittlesey, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 95) providing for the appoint-
ment of a commission to purchase a site and
erect a building for a post office, custom-house,
and for holding the courts of the United States,
in tho city of St. Paul, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 38G) for the relief of Francis A. Gibbons,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 52) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to change the name of the
steamboat City of Richmond to the City of
Portland, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 222) further to
prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 303) for the relief of Joshua Hill, which
was read twice by its title, and with the accom-
panying papers presented by him, referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 304) for the relief of Mrs. Eastman, mother
and sole heir of Alfred W. Eastman, deceased;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RIDDLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
300) to amend an act entitled "An act con-
cerning notaries public for the District of
Columbia," approved April 8, 1864; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No; 300) relating to the granting of passports ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories :
A bill (H. R. No. 179) amendatory of the
organic act of Washington Territory ;
A bill (H. R. No. 202) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to provide a temporary govern-
ment for the Territory of Montana," approved
May 26, 1864; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 32) to facili-
tate communication with certain Territories.
REV. HARRISON HEERMANCE.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to call up a joint
resolution which I supposed was passed the
other day ; but I find it was not. It is the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 107) for the relief of
Rev. Harrison Heermance, late chaplain of the
one hundred and twenty-eighth regiment New
York volunteers, which was recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs for the purpose
of having a report in the case, and again re-
ported with a report which has been printed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADVERSE REPORTS 01? COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. CLARIv. I asked the Senate the day
before yesterday to allow me some time to-day
for the business of the Committee on Claims;
and if there be no pressing business in the
morning hour, I should like to begin now, so
as to get through early. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the report
No. 2 of the Committee on Claims on thepeti-
tion of John Nabb and Sarah Nabb, an adverse
report.
The motion was agreed to.
JOIIN NABB.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
of the committee will be read.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps I can state the case
a little more succinctly than it is stated in the
report. The petitioners in this case state three
accounts for which they ask payment of the
United States, the first of which is an account
for damage to the three-story brick and tile
house No. 70 Church street, Charleston, South
Carolina, for which they ask the United States
to pay $1,504 44. They also state an account
for the rent of tho house and for the price of a
slave who was sold and the price went into the
hands of a trustee of theirs, appointed by them,
and for that they ask the United States to pay
$3,125. They also ask that the United States
shall pay them the amount of a deposit which
they made in a savings b£nk in Charleston,
South Carolina, which they lost in the rebel-
lion, amounting to $678. The committee
report an adverse resolution that the prayer of
the petitioners ought not to be granted; and I
think that is evident without stating the ease
further.
