2380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
REBECCA S. MINOR.
Mr. CLARK. The next report is No. 42,
on tlie petition of Iiebecca S. Minor. The pe-
titioner asks for compensation for fences and
buildings taken by troops of the United States
near Natchez, Mississippi, and used for fuel.
The case was wholly unsupported by evidence,
and the committee recommend that she have
leave to withdraw her petition.
The report was agreed to.
MARIA GENAUD.
Mr. CLARK. The next report is No. 48,
on the claim of Maria Genaud, heir of Jean
Hudry. The committee rfeport that the prayer
of the petitioner ought not to be granted.
The report was agreed to.
GEORGE D. C. niBBS.
Mr. CLARK. The next report is No. 49,
on the petition of George D. 0. Hibbs. The
committee report against the claim.
The report was agreed to.
MARY E.TWIFORD.
Mr. CLARK. The next is No. 52, in the
case of Mary E. Twiford. I think one of the
Senators from West Virginia presented the
petition in this case. The committee came to
the conclusion that they did not see any ground
on which the claim could be allowed. It is a
case where a house belonging to a widow lady
was burned by the rebels because, as was sup-
posed, she had given information to our troops.
_ Mr. VAN WINKLE. I think the Senator
is mistaken about that claim having been pre-
sented by any of the Senators from West Vir-
ginia.
Mr. CLARK. I may be mistaken about
that. I merely mentioned that because I did
not know but that the Senators might desire
thoir attention called to it.
The report was agreed to.
ANTHONY S. ROBINSON.
Mr. CLARK. The next report is No. 56,
on the petition of Anthony S. Robinson. It
is an adverse report, that the prayer of the
petitioner should not bo granted.
The report was agreed to.
AARON VAN CAMP.
Mr. CLARK. The next is No. 57, on the
petition of Aaron Van Camp and Virginius
P. Chapin. an adverse report.
The report was agreed to.
THOMAS LAURENT.
Mr. CLARK. The next is No. 61, an ad-
verse report in the case of Thomas Laurent.
The report was agreed to.
n. CLAY" WOOD.
Mr. CLARK. The next is an adverse re-
port, No. G2, on the petition of H. Clay Wood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
that laid over. I believe I presented the papers.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to its
lying over for consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cass
will be passed over by common consent, no
Senator insisting upon a vote.
JOSIAII 0. ARMES.
Mr. CLARK. I now ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
10) for the relief of JosiahO. Armes, on which
there is pending a motion to reconsider.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator whether, as that will occasion consider-
able debate, he had not better pass it over,
arid take up the other bills which will not occa-
sion debate, and dispose of them in the first
place.
_ Mr. CLARK! I propose to take the ques-
tion upon the reconsideration first, and I think
that will not lead to much debate; and then
if the vote is reconsidered, I will agree to
postpone the bill and take up the other bills.
I do not know that anybody wants to debate
it upon the motion to reconsider. I propose
simply to make a very short statement in regard
to *S.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is, Will the Senate reconsider the
vote by ■which the bill was passed ?
Mr. CLARK. This bill was passed by the
House of. Representatives at the last session
of Congress, and came to the Senate and was
passed here. The committee had examined the
claim very thoroughly, and came to the conclu-
sion, I think unanimously, that the claim ought
to be paid. The bill was passed. The bill hav-
ing been passed by both Houses of Congress,
it went to the enrolling clerk. But by a mis-
take of the clerk it failed to be enrolled, and
did not rcach the President for his signature.
The bill was reintroduced and taken up, I think,
on the first or second day of this session, and
was passed by the Senate and sent to the other
House. It was then brought back here by a
message for the purpose of entering a motion
to reconsider.
I desire to state that this loss of the party is
fully proved. The value of the property is
fully proved. The title is fully proved. The
Union sentiments and services of the man who
makes the claim are fully proved. It is also
fully proved that the man himself furnished a
good deal of information and assistance to the
troops of the United States. It is proved that
his wife left her home in the night time, and
came through our lines for the purpose of
delivering information, and was fired upon by
the pickets. It is proved, also, as bearing on
the Unionism of this manf that he has a son
who has been in our service through the rebel-
lion, and is still in the service. 1 hope it will
not be reconsidered, but I am willing to have
the question taken without any further de-
bate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate reconsider its vote
passing the bill?
Mr. NESMITH. I ask the Senator from
New Hampshire what amount is appropriated
by this bill.
Mr. CLARK. About ten thousand dollars.
It has been objected by some Senator that it
will lead to a large outlay and expenditure;
but from the experience and information of
the Committee on Claims I think there are no
facts to justify that fear. It does not seem to
me to be so.
Mr. WILSON. As the bill has been once
passed by the Senate the whole question is
involved in the reconsideration. If the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire is willing to let the
vote passing it be reconsidered, and then to
let it lie over without action, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose to let it lie
over longer than until we have considerd certain
other bills. I am willing, as a test of the sense
of the Senate, to take the vote upon the recon-
sideration without further debate, and then, if
the bill should be reconsidered, to let it lie
over, for we can debate it fully on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. The reconsideration covers
the whole question; and if it should happen
not to bo reconsidered the bill passes out of
our power. We have got to meet it now, there-
fore. If we go on with this question at this
time I suppose the Senator will hardly have
time to consider his other propositions. I
suggest that he allow the vote on the passage
of the bill to be reconsidered, or else let the
whole question go over.
Mr. CLARK. Well. I will let it "pass by,
and take up other bills, if Senators desire to
debate it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be reconsidered
first.
Mr. CLARK. No, I do not propose to have
it reconsidered.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be passed by, no objection bfeingmade
to that course.
AMOSKEAG MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
Mr. CLARK. I move now to take up the
bill (S. No. 225) for the relief of the Amos-
kcag Manufacturing Company.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is to
require the .Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the Amoskeag Manufacturing Company the
sum of $1,650, in full for three regimental
cook wagons furnished the Government in
1801.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to know
why the company did not get their pay if they
furnished these wagons. If the wagons were
furnished by the company upon an order from
the quartermaster or from any competent au-
thority they ought to have got their pay. Why
did they not?
Mr. CLARK. I will state that these wag-
ons were furnished on the order of General
Fr§montwhen he was in command at St. Louis;
they were well made, and the bills for them
were reasonable. The claim was presented to
the quartermaster and the parties relied upon
the quartermaster, submitting it to the commis-
sion which was organized to consider the claims
for supplies furnished under General Fremont,
but the quartermaster neglected to do so, sup-
posing that the parties would present it to the
commission. For this reason the claim failed
to be presented to the commissioners, and the
parties were not paid on that account. The
wagons were taken and used, and were ser-
viceable.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
R. E. BRYANT.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (H. R.
No. 214) for the benefit of Colonel R. E.
Bryant was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to require the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to allow R. E. Bry-
ant, late commissary of subsistence, on settle-
ment of his account, a credit of $1,484 13, the
vouchers and accounts for which were lost and
destroyed, falling into the hands of the enemy
at Holly Springs, Mississippi, on the 20th day
of September, 1862, if on examining the evi-
dence by the Commissary General he shall
deem him justly entitled to the credit; but the
credit is not to be allowed unless the Commis-
sary General shall certify approval thereof.
Mr. CLARK. I will say that the committee
have examined the papers and find that the
case is well proved before them ; but have put
in the clause requiring the approval of the
Commissary General, so that if anything should
occur at the Department the claim need not be
paid unless it be right.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading read
the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered. That when the Senate adjourn to-day, it
be to Monday next.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) extending
the time for the completion of the Union Pacific
railway, eastern division, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which there-
upon received the signature of the President
pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 26) to encourage telegraphic
communication between the United States and
the island of Cuba and other West India islands,
and the Bahamas;
