3340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee by inserting
after the word "safes" the word "scales."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
some reason for that.
Mr. POLAND. The evident object of the
bill is to avoid double taxation; and so this
very amendment that the committee propose
provides that '1 spindles and castings of all de-
scriptions made specially for locks, safes, looms,
spinning-machines, pumps, steam-engines,
liot-air and hot-water furnaces, and sewing-
machines," shall be exempt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These are articles
which otherwise pay five per cent. Scales are
in the three per cent, list, so that they do not
come under this. They are not doubly taxed.
Mr. POLAND. The tax on scales is not as
large as upon these articles, but 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
look at the last part of the paragraph he will
see that it reads, "and upon which a tax is
assessed and paid on the article of which the
casting is a part." It is intended to prevent
a double tax. They pay five per cent, on
these particular articles; but on scales the tax
is but three per cent.; and if scales are put in
here they would have an advantage over all
other articles that are in the three per 'cent,
list.
Mr. POLAND. It is true the double tax-
ation is not as severe on scales as on articles
that pay a tax of more than three per cent.
The double taxation is not as harsh upon scales
as it would be where the tax is higher; but
really there is about the same reason why
scales should be put upon the free list as many
of these articles that we have voted in, such as
reapers and mowing-machines. They are arti-
cles of very general and extensive use among
the agriculturists of the country. They may
be regarded as a general implement in use
among farmers throughout the country, so that
there is a reason why the tax upon scales has
been made less than upon some of these other
articles. Unless there was some dilFerence
between them the tax should ha*-e been the
same upon scales as upon sewing-machines
and those other articles which it is said stand
in the list at five per cent.; so that furnishes
no reason whatever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will have
scales changed from the three per cent, to the
five per cent, list, he may put " scales" in here
and put them all on an equality. I do not
see why he should want an advantage of three
per cent, in favor of eastings for scales. Let
them all stand oa an equal footing.
Mr. POLAND. I am not skilled enough
in the manufacture of scales to know whether
that would be a good trade or not. [Laughter.!
Mr. E'ESSENDEN. It would then put them
on an equality with the other things. That
is all.
Mr. POLAND. If the chairman of the com-
mittee will allow this to pass over for a time
until I can consider 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can move
any amendmentafter the committee get through.
Mr. POLAND. Well, 1 withdraw my amend-
ment for the present.
The amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert the word " bows" after " hubs," in line
one hundred and forty-five, and after the word
"handles," in line one hundred and forty-nine,
to add "and wooden tanks, and cisterns for
crude mineral oil;" so as to make the item read:
Spokes, hubs, bows, and felloes; poles, shafts, and
arms ior carriages or wagons; wooden handles for
plowc, and for other agricultural, household, and
mechanical tools and implements; and pail and tub
cars and handles; and wooden tanks and cisterns
ior crude mineral oil.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and forty-five I move to strike out " and" be-
jore "arms," and after the word "arms" to
insert "and wheels not ironed or finished.3'
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that a practical workman suggested to
me that the word "unfinished" ought to be
inserted after "wagons." That qualification
ought to apply to the wagon.
Mr. BROWN. That is another matter. Let
us pass on this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These are the parts in
the rough which go to the composition of car-
riages and wagons: "spokes, hubs, bows, and
felloes; poles, shafts, arms, and wheels not
ironed or finished for carriages or wagons."
Mr. HENDRICKS. That would be near
enough right, I suppose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think "spokes, hubs,
and felloes" include all the parts except the
iron.
Mr. BROWN. All the parts are enumer-
ated there, but they are sometimes put together
and furnished in that shape to avoid difficulty
of construction where they are received.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section in line one hundred and
fifty-two by inserting after "bars" the words
"rails made and fitted for railroads."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make an
amendment to insert after "steel," in line
one hundred and fifty-two, the words "made
from iron advanced beyond muck, bar, blooms,
slabs, or loops;" so as to make the clause read:
Steel made from iron advanced beyond muck, bar,
blooms, slabs, or loops, in ingots, bars, rails made
and fitted for railroads, sheet, plate, coil, or wire,
hoop-skirt "wire, covered or uncovered, car wheels,
thimble skeins and pipe boxes, and springs, tire and
axles made of steel, used exclusively for vehicles,
cars, or locomotives; and clock springs, faces, and
hands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I wish to ask a ques-
tion of the chairman of the committee in re-
gard to the items enumerated in the clause
from line one hundred and fifty-two to line
one hundred and fifty-seven of this section.
•All these articles enumerated here are made
of steel ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Is a tax put upon tires
and axles made of iron ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is taken off.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do not find it. It,
struck me this covered only steel tires and
axles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that
the iron wheels are exempt.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That is what I wunt to
come at.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a peculiar
reason in regaid te steel.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. I merely wish to under-
stand the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This item is in regard
to articles made of steel.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to insert
"fire-brick" after " soapstone" in line one
hundred and fifty-nine; so that the item will
read:
Stoves, composed in part of cast iron and in part
of sheet iron, or of soapstone, fire-brick, or freestone,
with or without cast iron or sheet iron: Provided,
That the cast and sheet iron shall have paid the tax
or duty previously assessed thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section in line one hundred and
sixty- Jiree by inserting "com" after " beets;"
so as to read, "sugar, molasses, or sirup made
from beets, corn, sugar maple, or from sor-
ghum, or imphee."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to amend by strik-
ing out the item " sulphate of barytes" in line
one hundred and sixty-five.
Mr. SPRA-GUE. Why strike that out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We thought it could
pay a tax.
Mr. SPRAGTJE. It ought not to do so.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed in line one hun-
dred and sixty-six, after "sulphur," to insert
" flowers of sulphur and sulphur flour."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These
words will be added, no objection being inter-
posed.
The committee proposed in line one hun-
dred and sixty-nine, after "jams," to strike
out "and;" and after "jellies" to insert
" paints, oils, and spices;" so that if amended
the item.would read:
Tin cans used for preserved meats, fish, shell-fish,
fruits,vegetables, jams,jellies, paints, oils, and spices.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to amend by insert-
ing after line one hundred and eighty-three
the following item:
Wine made of grapes, currants, or other fruits,
and rhubarb.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr._ FESSENDEN. I wish to amend by
inserting at the end of the paragraph, after
line one hundred and eighty-six, these words:
And no manufactured wire shall pay a greater tax
than that imposed on number twenty wire gauge.
The clause will then read:
Wire made from wire less than number twenty wire
gauge, upon which a tax has been assessed, and paid
as wire; and no manufactured wire shall pay a
greater tax than that imposed on number twenty *
wire gauge.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sue. 12. And be it further enacted, That all lists or
returns required to be made monthly by any person,
firni, company, corporation, or party whatsover, liable
to duty or tax shall bo made on or before tho 10th
day of each and every month, and tho duty or tax
assessed or due thereon shall bo certified or returned
by the assessor to tho collector on or boforo tho last
day of each and every month. And all lists or re-
turns required to be made quarterly, and all other
lists or returns, tor which no provision is otherwise
made, shall bo made on or before the 10th day of
each and every month in which said list or return is
required to be made, or succeeding the time when
the tax or duty may be due and liable to be assessed,
and the tax or duty thereon shall be certified or re-
turned as herein provided for monthly lists or re-
turns. And the duty or tax shall be due or payable
on or before the last day of each and every month.
And in case said tax or duty is not paid on or before
tho last day of each and every month, tho collector
shall proceed to collect the same in the manner pro-
vided by law; and so much of the eighty-third sec-
tion of the act to which this is an amendment is
hereby repealed; and in all cases of neglectto make
such lists or returns, or in case of false and fraudulent
returns,tho provisions of existinglaw as amended by
this act shall be applicable thereto.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the words duty or" before "tax," in line
three and line five and wherever else they occur
in that section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
tiiony.) That correction will be made.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section Ijy striking out the following
words:
And in case said tax or duty isnotpaid on or before
the last day of each and every month, the collector
shall pioceed to collect the same in the manner pro-
vided by law; and so much of th© eighty-third sec-
tion of the act to which this is an amendment is
hereby repealed.
And in lieu thereof inserting:
And in case said tax is not paid on or before the
lasc day of each and every month the collector shall
add ten percent, thereto: Provided, That notice of
tho timewhen such tax shallbecomedueand payable
shall be given in such manner as shall be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and if
said tax shall not be paid on or before the last day
of the month as aforesaid, it shall be the duty of said
collector to demand payment thereof, with ten per
cent, additional thereto in the manner prescribed by
law, and if said tax and ten per cent, additional are
not paid within ten days from and after such demand
thereof, it shall be lawful for the collector or his
deputy to make distraint therefor as provided by
law, and so much of section eighty-three of the act
ox June 30, 18(54, as amended by the act of March 3,
186b, as relates to the time of payment and collection
of tax is hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
^ Tho Secretary next read the thirteenth sec-
tion of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That apotheca-
ries who manufacture, for their own dispensation
and sales to consumers and to physicians, the medi-
cines compounded according to the United States or
other national pharmacopoeias, or of which the full
and proper formula is published in any of tho dis-
pensatories now or hitherto in common use among
physicians or apothecaries, or in any pharmaceuti-
cal journal now issued by any incorporated oollcge
