1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3341
of pharmacy, shall not bo regarded as manufacturers
under this act. But apothecaries and all other per-
sons who manufacture fovthe dispensing and sales of
others, or who make and advertise any article, me-
dicinal or otherwise, simple or compound, with anv
special proprietary claim to merit, or to.special ad-
vantage in use or effect, whcthcrsuch claim be based
on the properties, qualities, price, or any other dis-
tinctive or distinguishing characteristic, whether
real or pretended, of the articles so made and adver-
tised, whether such article be or be not made accord-
ing to the authorities above cited in this section,
shall bo regarded as manufacturers under tins act.
And apothecaries shall not be regarded as retail
dealers in liquors in consequence of selling or of dis-
pensing, upon physicians' prescriptions, the wines
and spirits officinal in the United States and other
national pharmacopoeias, either simple or com-
pounded, in quantities not exceeding half a pint of
either at any one timo, nor exceeding in aggregate
cost value the sum of S300 per annum.
The committee proposed to strike out after
the word "act,'' in line nineteen, the follow-
ing words;
And apothecaries shall not be regarded as retail
dealers 111 liquors in eonsoquenco of selling or of dis-
pensing, upon physicians' prescriptions, the wines
and spirits oilieinal in the United Slates and other
national phaimacopeeia.^, cither simple or com-
pounded, in quantities not exceeding half a pint of
either at any one time, nor exceeding in aggregate
cost value the sum ot ^.300 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section fourteen, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 1 L ^luc? be it further enacted, That no duty or
stamp shall bciccjuucdfor any uncompounded medi-
cinal drug or chemical, nor any medicine compounded
according to the United States or other national phar-
macopoeia, or ol which the full and proper formula is
published in any of the dispensatories now or hith-
erto in common use among physicians or apotheca-
ries, or in any pharmaceutical journal now issued by
any incoi poratcd <:olie:re of phaunacy, when not sold
or oileied tor sain, or advertised midcr any other
name, form, or gui-e than that under which they may
be severally denominated and laid down in said phai -
maeopepia di->pen.-iilories, or jouniaU as aforesaid ;
nor medicines sold to or ioi the use of any petson,
which may be mixed and compounded lor said per-
son nceoidimj to thcwuiten leceipt oi pu^euption
of any physician ot sui^cun. J>ut nothing in this '-ec-
tion^hall be confined to exempt from stamp duty
auy medicinal art k les,whet her simple or compounded
by any rule, aulhonfj, or foimula pubhi-hed or un-
published, which xire put up in a style or man nor sim-
ilar to that of pateut or piopnetary medicines in
genera!, and adveitised in new.-papeift oi by public
handbill* for populai ^ale and use, as hav mg any spe-
cial propi ictary claim to merit, or to any peculiar
advantage m mode oi preparation, qualify, use, or
effect, whcthcrsuch claim be real or pretended.
Mr. FESSENDEN". In the first line of sec-
tion fourteen J move to strike out "duty or''
before ''stamp/1 and after ''stamp'-' to insert
"tax," and to strike out "required for" and
insert "imposed upon;"' so that it will read,
"that.no slump tax shall bo imposed upon any
uncompounded medicinal drug," &c.
The amendment was agreed to-
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line three, after the
word "nor," I move to insert "upon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert "(or" after ltnor" in line twelve.
Mr. FESSENDEN. li should be " upon "
instead of "for" to correspond with the pre-
vious nmomlmont.
# The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. y The word "duty" in
line sixteen .should be "tax."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "and " be-
fore "advertised," in line twenty, should be
"or."
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. Jo. And bcitjiu flusr <_-u<tcted, That in case any
ironrlsor commodities for or in texpect whereof any
tax or duty i- or shall be imposed, or any materials,
utensil1?, oi \ c^seU proper or intended to be made u^e
of lor oi in the making of such goods or commodities
shall be i emoved, or shall be deposited or concealed
in any plac<\ with intent to defraud the United States
of suchdut\ or tax, oi any part thereof, alt such goods
and commodities, and all such materials, utensils,
and \'cs=eh respectively, shall be forfeited; and in
cverv such oase, and in every case where any goods
or co'mmoditics shall be forfi ited under this act, or
any other act of Congress relating to the internal
revenue, ail and singular the casks, vessels, cases,
or other packages whatsoever, containing, or which
shall have contained, such goods or commodities,
respectively, and every vessel, boat, cart, carriage,
or other conveyance whatsoever, and all horses or
other animals, and all things used m the removal or
for the deposit or conccalmcnt thereof, respectively,
shall be forfeited; and cveiv person who shall re-
move, deposit,or conceal, or be concerncd in remov-
ing, depositing, or concealing any goods or commod-
ities for or iu respect whereof any duty or tax is or
shall be imposed, with intent to defraud the United
States of such duty or tax or any part thereof, shall
be liable to a line or penalty of not exceeding S500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
" or duty" after "tax" in line three.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That alter-
ation will be made.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to strike out
"duty or" before "tax" in line seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-one and
in line twenty-three I move to strikeout "duty
or" before "tax."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sue. 1(3. And be it farther enacted. That the judge
of any eircuitor districtcoui t of the United States or
any commissioner thereof, may issue a -search war-
rant, authorizing any internal levenuc otlicer to
search any premises, if such otlicer shall make oath
in writing that ho has reason to believe, and docs
believe, that a fraud upon the revenue has boon or
is being committed upon or by the use of said prem-
ises.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this scction.
The Secretary read section seventeen of the
bill, as follows:
Src. 17. ybuZ be it further enacted, That in case any
person shall sell, give, or purchase or rcceivc any box,
barrel, bag, or any vessel, package, wrapper, cover,
or envelope of.uiy kind, stain pod,bi andod, or marked
in anv way, so as to show thai, the contents or in-
tended contents theieof have been duly inspected, or
thatthe tax or duty thereon has been paid, or that
any provision of the internal revenue laws has been
complied with, ayIioI her such stamping, branding, or
marking may have been a duly authorized act or
may be false and counterfeit, or otherwise without
authority of law, said box, barrel, bag, vessel, pack-
age, wrapper, eo\er, or envelope being empty, or
containing anything else than contents which were
therein when .said articles had been so lawfully
stamped, branded, or marked by an officer of the
revenue, or falsely or fraudulently stamped, branded,
oi maiked, shall be liable to a pen ait v of not lc.«s than
titty nor more than five hundred dollais; and nil
such boxes, bariels, bags, vessels, packages, wrap-
peis, coveis, ami envelopes, with their contents, shall
be forfeited to the United States. And any person
who shall make, manufaetuie, or produce any box,
barrel, bair, \ esse!, package, wiapper, cover, or en-
velope, damped, branded, or nunked as above de-
sei ibed, or shall stamp, brand, or mark ihc same, as
hciemi>efore recited, shall, upon conviction thereof,
be liable to penalty as before provided in this sec-
tion. And any person wiio shall violate the fore-
going piovisions of this section, wit h intent to dc-
iraud the ie\ enue, or to delraud any person, shall,
upon conviction thereof, be liable to a fine of not
less than $1,000. or impiisonment for not,'less than
six months, or both such fine and imprisonment, at
the discreiion of the court; and all such articles,
with their contents, shall be forfeited to the United
States.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. F move to amend the
section by striking out "or duty" after "tax"
in line six.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the word "con-
tents," in line twelve, the word "the" should
be inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the scction by striking out after "rev-
enue," in line fourteen, the words "or falsely
or fraudulently stamped, biandcd, or maiked/'
and inserting "such person."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "dollars,"
in line seventeen, to strike out the words " and
all such boxes, barrels, bags, vessels, pack-
ages, wrappers, covers, and envelopes, with
their contents, shall be forfeited to the United
States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following clause at the end of the section:
And all such article?, with their contents, shall be
forfeited to the United States.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And all articles sold, given, purchased, received,
made, manufactured, produced, branded, stamped,
or marked in violation of the provisions of this sec-
tion, and all their contents, shall be forfeited to the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the eighteenth scction
of the bill, as follows :
Si:c. 18. And be it further cnacted, That where any
whisky, oil, tobacco, or other articles of manufacture
or produce, requiring brands, stamps, or marks of
whatever kind to be placed theicon, «hall be sold
upon distraint, forfeiture, or other process provided
by law, the same not having been branded, stamped,
or marked as required by law. the officer selling the
samo shall, upon sale thereof, fix or cause to bo affixed
the brands, stamps, or marks so required, and deduct
the expense thereof from the proceeds of such sale.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this section.
Sections nineteen and twenty, to which no
amendmentwas reported, were read as follows:
Srcc. 10. And be, it further enacted, That manual-
labor schools and colleges shall not bo required to
pay a manufacturer's or special tax while tho pro-
ceeds of the labor of such institutions arc applied
exclusively to tho support and maintenance of such
institutions,
Sjcc. 20. And be it further cnacted, That no suit shall
be brought against any collector of customs or of
internal revenue for any duty, license, special tax,
or tax paid, unless such suit is brought within six
months from the passage of this act, or within six
months after tho payment of such duty or tax.
The Secretary read the twenty-first section
of the bill, as follows :
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That section
fifteen of tho act of March 3, IBOo, entitled "An act
to amend an act entitled 4An act to provide internal
revenue to support tho Government, to pay interest
on thopublicdcbt, and for other purposes,' approved
Juno :J0, 1801," bo amended by striking out all after
the enacting clause, and inserting in lieu thereof tho
following: that in any port of the United States in
which there is more than ono collector of internal
revenue, the Seeretaiy of the Treasury may desig-
nate one of said collectors to have charge oi all mat-
ters relating to the exportation of articles subject to
tax under the laws to provide internal revenue; and
at such poits as the Secretary of the Treasury may
deem it noeessaiy, there shall be an ofliccr appointed
by him to superintend all matters of exportation
and drawback, under tho direction of tho collcctor*
whose compensation therefor shall be proscribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, but shall not oxcced,
in any case, an annual rate of $2,000, excepting at
New York, where the compensation shall be an an-
nual lato of §3,000. And all the books, papers, and
documents in the bureau of drawback m the respect-
ive ports, relating to the drawback of duties paid
under the internal revenue laws, shall be delivered
to said collector of internal revenue; and any col-
lector of internal revenue, or superintendent of
exports and di aw backs, shall have authority to ad-
minister such oaths and ccitify to such papers as may
be noce«<ary under any rules and regulations that
may be prescribed under the authority herein con-
ferred.
Mv. FI4SSHXDEN. In lino twenty-two of
tliul scction the word "duties"' should be
" taxes.'"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The Secretary read sections twenty-two and
twcnty-flu-ee, to which no amendment was
reported, as follows :
Skc. 22. And be it farther enaetrd. That every per-
son, firm, or corporation, who distills or manufactures
spiritsoralcohol by continuousdistillation from grain,
who brews or makes ma*h, wort, or wash, for distil-
lation or tho production of spirits, shall be deemed
a distiller under this act. And the making or keep-
ing by any person of gram, mash, wash, or beer, pre-
pai'-d or fit for distillation, together with tho pos-
sesion by such person of a still or other apparatus
capable of use for distilling, upon tho same premises,
shall bo deemed and taken as presumptive evidence
that such poison is a distiller within the meaning of
this act.
Six;. 23. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son, fiim, or corporation, who rectifies, purifies, or
retincs distilled spirits or wines by any process, or
who, by mixing distilled spirits or wine_with any
materials, immufactuies any spuiioub, imitation, or
compound liquors for sale, under the name ot whisky,
brandy, gin, rum, wine, "spirits," or wine bitters,
or any other name, shall bo regarded as a reetiiier
under this act.
The twenty-fourth scction was next read, as
follows:
Si:c.2f. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son or poisons shall carry on any business of distill-
ing or rectifying without having paid the special
tax as required bylaw, he or they shall, for every
such offense, besides being liable to the payment ot
the tax upon the spirits distilled, also be liable to a
penalty of one hundred per cent, m addition theioto,
to bo asicftsed by the assess-ov, and sdiali each be sub-
ject, upon conviction, to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years; and upon sufficient infor-
mation of such offense, the coll ector, deputy collcctor,
or other authorized ofliccr of the district m which the
same shall be alleged to have been committed, may
