1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2381
A bill (S. No. 74) for the admission of the
State of Colorado into the Union; and
A bill (S. No. 155) concerning the boundaries
of the State of Nevada.
DANIEL WINSLOW.
Mr. CLARK. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 149, for the relief of Daniel Winslow.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. _ It
proposes to release and relieve Daniel Wins-
low and his legal representatives from all judg-
ments, and from all liens and incumbrances of
judgments in favor of the United States, here-
tofore obtained against Winslow, in any dis-
trict court of the United States, upon a con-
tract entered into by him with the chicf of the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, to deliver
at the navy-yard in Charlestown, Massachusetts,
eighteen hundred barrels of Navy beef; which
contract was dated September 29, 1846; the
meaning of the act being to release Winslow
from all liability arising out of the contract
or any bond given to secure its performance
thereof, and from all judgments founded on the
same, whether against himself alone or him-
self and his sureties, but not to relieve him of
any levies heretofore made or sums paid on
those judgments.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the ground of
that?
Mr. CLARK. I am asked by the Senator
from Maryland to State the ground of the claim.
During the Mexican war this party made a con-
tract with the Government to furnish a certain
amount of beef for the Navy. He went on to
furnish the beef, but the price of beef rose very
much upon his hands. He still, however, con-
tinued to furnish, as far as he was able, until
lie became entirely ruined. His property was
seized and all his lands and goods taken. His
bondsmen were some years ago released. The
man himself has nothing. He lias acted hon-
estly and done everything he could, and the
committcc think he should be relieved.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN II. CROWELL.
Mr. CLARK. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 278.,
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 278) for tlie relief of Captain John H.
Crowell, assistant quartermaster in the United
States Army, was read the second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By its provisions the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury are to bo authorized to
allow Captain J olin H. Crowell. on a settlement
of his accounts, a credit of $225, for so much
money disbursed by him to persons in the ser-
vice of the United States, in payment for snoh
services, the vouchers for which payment
were captured by the rebels and destroyed in
an attack upon the camp at Baton Rouge,
Louisiana, where he was stationed on the oth
day of August, 1882, if, on examining the
accounts of Crowell, the Quartermaster Gen-
eral shall deem him justly entitled to this credit,
and shall certify his approval thereof to the
accounting officers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
K. L. B. CLARKE.
Mr. CLARK. I move next to take up House
bill No. 347.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 347) for the relief of R. L. B. Claike
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Treasurer of the
United States to pay the sum of $1,500 to R.
L. B. Clarke, in full for the time and expense
incurred by him in contesting the seat of
Augustus Hall, from the first district of Iowa,
in the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of a House bill
reported from the Committee on the Judiciai-y,
but affecting claims. It is a bill extending the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 473) to extend the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The bill provides in the first section that the
Court of Claims shall have jurisdiction to hear
and determine the claim of any paymaster,
quartermaster, commissary of subsistence, or
other disbursing officer of the United States,
or of his administrators or executors, for re-
lief from responsibility on account of losses by
capture or otherwise, while in the line of his
duty, of Government funds, vouchers, records,
and papers in his charge, and for which such
officer was and is held responsible ; but an ap-
peal may be taken to the Supreme Court as in
other cases.
By the second section, whenever the Court
of Claims shall have ascertained the facts of
any such loss to have been without fault or
neglect on the part of any sueh officer, it is
to make a decree setting forth the amount
thereof, upon which the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury are to allow to such
officer the amount so decreed as a credit in
the settlement of his accounts.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not understand
what committee it was that reported this bill.
Several Senators. The Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CLARK. We were all agreed upon it
in the Judiciary Committee. It does not in
crease the jurisdiction very much, but sends a
class of cases to the court which arc now very
troublesome to us.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It appears to me, from
the reading of it, to change the burden of proof
in regard to these quartermasters' and com-
missaries' claims.
Mr. CLARK. It simply sends these eases
to the Court of Claims, where they are exam-
ined much more thoroughly, where the Govern-
ment is heard from ; but if they come before
the Committee on Claims there is nobody to
represent the Government. The Committee
on the Judiciary thought it much safer to let
them go before the Court of Claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from New Hampshire what is meant
by the last section of this bill. Suppose a bal-
ance should be found in favor of a quarter-
master or other officer; is it intended that a
decree shall be entered up against the Govern-
ment of the United States?
Mr. CLARK. No; it does not allow a
set-off.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose there is a balance
found in favor of the disbursing officer against,
the Government over and above the charges
against him.
Mr. CLARK. This is confined to a certain
class of eases, those where vouchers or funds
have been lost, and to reach no other class of
cases. There have been a good many of these
cases arising during the war, where the vouch-
ers have been captured by the enemy, where
they have been destroyed, sometimes by fire, or
otherwise, or inevitable casualty. The commit-
tee thought it was very much better that they
should go before the Court of Claims than to
come before the committees of the two Houses,
where th'ey now come, because they are exam-
ined in the court more thoroughly; there is
there an officer of the Government to appear
in behalf of the Government, whereas before
the committees we have no such officer and
very often have no such proof except such as
we can get by sending to the Departments.
The Committee on the Judiciary, therefore—I
think they were unanimous in regard to it-
came to the conclusion that it was better that
the parties should go to the Court of Claims
for that purpose. The bill, however, does not
undertake to allow the court to adjudicate upon
any balance of accounts.
The bill was passed.
loudon county loyalists.
Mr. CLARK. The next bill is the bill (S.
No. 277) for the relief of loyal citizens of Lou-
don county,Virginia. That bill is in charge of.
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.] I
do not see him in his seat, and I propose, there-
fore, to let it be passed over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will not be taken up without a motion.
Mr. CLARK. As the Senate is thin, and
the only remaining bill is that of Mr. Armeg,
and it may be desirable that Senators should
be present when that is disposed of, I propose
to pass it over at present, and I shall move, at
some favorable moment, that it be taken up.
QUARTERMASTER AND COMMISSARY SUPPLIES.
Mr. POLAND. I move that Senate bill No.
217 be taken up.
The motion was agreed to'; and the bill (S.
No. 217) to provide for the payment for quar-
termasters' stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to the Army of the United States, was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes that all claims of loyal persons,
not exceeding $500, for quartermasters' stores
actually furnished to the Army of the United
States and receipted for by the proper officer
receiving them, or which may have been taken
by such officer without giving such receipt, may
be submitted to the Quartermaster General of
the United States, aecompanicd with such
proofs as the claimant can present of the facts
m his case; and the Quartermaster General is
to cause such claim to be examined, and if con-
vinced that it is just, and that the claimant, at
the time the claim accrued, was loyal to the
Government of the United States, and has ever
since so remained, and has never in any way
voluntarily aided the rebellion, and that the
stores were actually received or taken for the
use of and used by the Army, he is to report
each case to the Third Auditor of the Treasury,
with a recommendation for settlement. A sim-
ilar provision is made in regard to allelaimsof
loyal persons, not exceeding $500, for subsist-
ence actually famished to the Army.
It is further provided that all loyal persons
having claims exceeding $500 for quarter-
masters' stores, or for subsistence, actually fur-
nished to the Army of the United States, and
receipted for by the proper officer, or which
may have been taken by sueh officers without
giving a receipt, for the use of and actually used
by the Army, may prosecutc their claims against
the United States in the Court of Claims, in the
manner and to the extQjit now provided by law
for the prosecution of claims against the United
States in that court; and if the claimant shall
establish by evidence that at the time his claim
accrued he was loyal to the United States and
has ever since so remained, and that he has
never in any way voluntarily aided the rebel-
lion, the court shall render judgment in his
favor for so much of his claim as is found to
be justly due.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the bill
by adding to the third section these words:
And such judpemcntsshall bo paid out, of any money
in the Treasury appropriated for the payment lor
quartermasters' stores and subsistence respectively.
Mr. WILSON. Why not let these claims,
like others, wait for the proper appropriation?
Mr. POLAND. This merely makes provis-
ion for the payment of^the judgments that are
authorized. It is not an appropriation of itself.
Mr. CLAltK. With tlie permission of the
Senator from Vermont, I will s y to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that this amendment
provides for the payment of these claims out
of the proper fund; They are properly quar-
termasters' and commissaries' charges, and
this amendment simply is that they shall be
paid out of those funds, and not out of the
general fund, so as to be chargeable to the-
