1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
debtors, and the committee instructed me to
move it on a proper bill when occasion should
present. I did at the last session, and after
ample discussion it was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raise the point of
order upon it that it is a private claim.
Mr. SUMNER. That point was acted upon
at the last session.
Mr.^ FESSENDEN. Tlfat does not make
any difference; I raise the point of order now.
Mr. SUMNER. This is a claim arising
under the laws of the country for services ren-
dered as charg6 d'affaires.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr: Clark.)
The Chair will suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts that a point of order raised is
not debatable. The •Chair will take the sense
of the Senate on the question whether the
amendment is to provide for a private claim
or not.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Senators who are of the opinion- that the
amendment provides for a private claim will
say ay; those opposed will say no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Chair if it
is so, that a question whether an amendment
provides for a private claim or not is not
debatable. I never heard before that that
question, being a point of order, might not
bo debated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It involves
the point of order raised.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raised the point of
order; hut is not tiie point of order debatable?
The P RES ID IN G OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then is not this ques-
tion debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A point of
order cannot be debated, but an appeal from
the decision of the Chair may be debated. If,
however. Senators desire to debate this mat-
ter, the Chair will relax the rule. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Chair decided it,
it would not be debatable ; but the Chair .did
not decide.
The PR ESIDING OFFICER. The Chair put
the question to the Senate because it was put to
the Senate last year as the Chair remembered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TihTvSIuy, March 15, 18GG.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
pacific railroad.
Mr II1GBY. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to have taken from the Speaker's
table two Senate bills, No. 1'25 and No. 126,
for reference to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object to that, if it is understood that they are
not to be brought back by motions to recon-
sider.
Mr. I-JIGBY. I have no objection to that
understanding.
No objection was made; and the following
bills were taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad:
Senate bii! (No. J 2-3) granting land in aid of
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Ihe town of Folsom to the town of
Placerrille, in the State of California; and
Senate bill (No. 12(3) granting land to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the city of Placerville, in the State
of California, to the most feasible point of in-
tersection with the Pacific railroad in the State
of Nevada.
message fltom tiijs senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to Senate bill No. 61, to protect all
persons in the United States in their civil
rights and to furnish the means of their vin-
dication.
personal explanation.
Mr. SMITH. I ask consent of the House to
make a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Smith] yield to me for a mo-
ment, that I may ask leave to withdraw some
papers from the files ?
Mr. SMITH. No, sir; I will not yield. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] refused
to yield to mo the other day, and I have now
the opportunity to retaliate. We are now even,
and I will yield the next time.
Mr. Speaker, in December, 1865, I intro-
duced a resolution in this House asking that
the privileges of the floor be extended to Col-
onel Johnson, of Arkansas, who claims a seat
upon this floor as a member-elect from that
State. There was objection made to that res-
olution at the time, and it went over under the
rule ; and it was not called up until some time
in February. When that resolution was called
up the morning hour had almost expired, and I
had the opportunity to say but a few words in
regard to the character of Colonel Johnson and
the position which he occupied at home. That
resolution was voted down by the House—yeas
79, nays 70.
Subsequent to that time, a paper was handed
to mo containing an article purporting to have
been written from the city of Washington, which
reflected not only upon that gentleman but in-
directly upon myself and those who had voted
for his admission to the privileges of this floor
during the pendency of his claim.
Another subject was introduced into the
House which created considerable excitement
and debate, with some filibustering. And I
then attempted on two occasions, I believe, to
obtain the consent of the House to make this
explanation. It was thought, 1 suppose, that
1 was engaged in the process of filibustering,
and I was not allowed to make the explana-
tion. But that was not my object; 1 have
never done any such thing, and I never will, for
1 am always willing to meet every question
fairly and squarely.
Mr. Speaker, I desire, before I go further,
to have road by the Clerk an article from the
Pittsburg Gazette, which I have marked, and
which will indicate the basis upon which I in-
tend to place my remarks on this occasion.
Before it is read, however, I will say that I do
not know the author of that article. I do not
know what promptings there were to induce
him to write it. 1 have no specific charges to
make against him at this time. But when the
article shall have been read, I wish to com-
ment upon it to some extent, in vindication of
the character of Colonel Johnson, a Union
man and a soldier, who was born in the South.
1 ask the Clerk to read the article I send up.
Mr. STEVENS. I am really unwilling to
interfere ; but I do not see that this is at all'a
personal explanation. I understand that the
gentleman undertakes to defend, not himself,
but somebody else. Now I am unwilling that
our time shall be expended to defend some
one not connected with this House.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania thinks
this is a rather curious question so far as he is
concerned ; but I wish to let him understand
distinctly that I stand here willing and able
and determined to defend a soldier of the
Union, let him be attacked from any quarter.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, Mr. Speaker, I ob-
ject to any defeise of a soldier of the Union
by the gentleman at this time, unless that sol-
dier is himself. His remarks are not pertinent
to himself, are not in the nature of a personal
explanation. Therefore, I say his remarks are
not in order.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
point of order. •
The gentleman from Kentucky asked consent
to make a personal explanation. The Chair
stated the question twice to the House, and no
objection was made, and no limitation was
imposed. But when a gentleman obtains con-
sent to make a personal explanation he must
bring himself within the purview of a personal
explanation; it does not open an unlimited
range of debate in regard to all other questions
and persons. He has the right to explain in
reference to anything relating to or concerning
himself. That "is the proper limit of a personal
explanation, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, this question is
entirely pertinent, so lar as I am concerned,
because I introduced the resolution in regard
to Colonel Johnson, to whom that article which
I propose to have read refers directly and im-
mediately. I ask the Clerk now to read that
article.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The great question, gentlemen, waxes more and
moreinteresting. Wuneed not, as I bee, spend muull
ink on the abstractions of 'in' or 'nut' of the Union.
It is much like the old legal wrangle about' contin-
gent remainders.' So the true heir comes to the
estate, who cares to discuss the 'in nabibas' theory of
hair-splitting schoolmen. Let us clutch the practi-
cal question.
" There stand at your doors a horde of red-handed
traitors, fresh from the battle-field, where they have
sought to trampleyournationalfiaginthedust. They
curse; they elamor; they make use of every channel
at their command to pour upon your House of Rep-
resentatives their malignity; they live and move in
our midst; with heads erect, as if they were lords in
the land, they despise and seek to destroy; their con-
stituency lay violent hands upon any patriot who
dares venture among them; every man who has been
prominent as a hater and opponent of the war is now
a lover and a friend of these rebel Representatives.
Shall they bo admitted to make aorain the laws which
they have so long trampled under foot? Do you
desire your Representatives to sit in consultation with
the murderers of your sons and brothers, or the apol-
ogists and defenders of such ? Do you desire to trans-
fer to them and their friends in the House—who
already long for their embrace—the law-making
power of the land?
" If you do, then say so. Let the press say so. Let
the people say so. Let us have no more weak essays
about 'in' or 'out' Let us ha\ e no winnings about
constitutional amendments, and no Pharisaic maun-
derings about the saeredness of the Union which
these traitors so hate. Do you want Aleck Stephens
in the Senate from Georgia? Do you want the Repre-
sentative of Lawrence county—Lawrence himself—
to vote for the admission of Arkansas members to
seats on the floor, with their ' tooth-picks' sharp-
ened on the skulls of your dead! Very well. In-
struct him to do so again as he did the other day."
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of
order. I would be the last man to objcct to
the gentleman from Kentucky proceeding in
this matter if the article which has been read
contained anything i elating to himself. But I
see that if the gentleman from Kentucky shall
be allowed to go on with remarks of this nature
■under the plea that they constitute a personal
explanation it will be in the power of any gen-
tleman to discuss any subject he pleases by ob-
taining leave to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has had read at the Clerk's desk a news-
paper article which he states is intended to
reflect upon him for having offered a resolu-
tion for admitting to the floor of this House a
gentleman claiming a seat as a Representative
from Arkansas. As the Chair understands, the
gentleman from Kentucky desires to vindicate
himself against remarks embraced in that ar-
ticle. In the opinion of the Chair his remarks
come within the purview of a personal expla-
nation.
Mr. B ANKS. In support of the decision of
the Chair I desire to say that it has always been
understood here, so far as I know, that when
ihe House gives its unanimous consent to a
member to make a personal explanation, it
waives all its rules and restrictions, and he is
the only judge of that which is necessary to
explain his own personal position. That has
been the uniform decision, and it lias been made
m order to warn the House against giving such
consent. I believe that personal explanations
have not very generally been favored, sir, by
gentlemen who have occupied 3'our chair; and
for that reason, in order to warn the House
against giving eonsentin such cases, it has been
held that when the consent of the House is
