3342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
enter upon the premises of the person or persons by
whom such offense is alleged to have been committed,
using such force as maybe necessary for that pur-
pose, and may seize all spirits or spirituous liquors,
and all materials for making or preparing the same
respectively, and all vessels and utensils containing
the same, and all stills or other apparatus capable
of being used for distilling, and may hold the same.
And the said collector, upon the assessment aforesaid
having been made, and upon the conviction of the
said person or persons, shall sell such stills, appara-
tus, and other materials, vessels, utensils, and liquors
so seized, and shall apply the proceeds in satisfaction
of such assessment, and of the fine, if imposed; and
the said assessment and fine, or such part thereof as
shall not have been so satisfied, shall, until paid, be
a lien in favor of the United States, from and after
tho time -when such assessment is made, or such fine
laid, upon all property and rights to property of the
person by whom such offense shall have been com-
mitted, and upon his interest in the lands and prem-
ises in which it shall have been committed, and upon
all his property therein, and such lien may bo en-
forced by levy and distraint by said collector, or by
suit in rem; and when the personal property found
shall not be sufficient to satisfy the same, such lands
and premises may be seized, and upon the decree of
the court the interest aforesaid sold, and proceeds
applied in payment thereof; and such assessed pen-
alties and fines, when recovered, shall be distributed
according to law.
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out all of this section after the enacting clause,
and in lieu of the words stricken out to insert
the following:
That if any person shall carry on tho business of a
distiller or rectifier without having paid tho spocial
tax, as required by law, he shall for every such of-
fense be liable to a fine of not less than double the
tax imposed upon tho spirits distilled, or double the
special tax due for the spirits rectified by e>ucli per-
son or found upon the premises hereinafter men-
tioned, and to imprisonment for aterm not exceeding
two years; and all tho spirituous liquors so distilled
or rectified, or owned by such person, or found as
hereinafter mentioned, and all materials for making
or preparing the same, and all vessels containing the
same, and all stills or other apparatus capable of be-
ing used fordistilling, owned by such person orfound
upon any premises where such business shall be car-
ried on in violation of this section, shall be forfeited
to the United States, and may bo seized by the col-
lector or deputy collector of tho district within which
such offense is committed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committe on Fi-
nance propose to strike out sections twenty-
five, twenty-six, and twenty-seven, and to put
them in a new draft which will be found on
pages 183, 184, and 185. Unless some Sen-
ator insists on the reading of the sections
stricken out, their reading may be dispensed
with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there no change but
in phraseology?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The substance of the
three sections is put into one section, in a new
draft. That is all. The sections can be read
if their reading is desired.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to have
them read if the committee only propose a
mere change of phraseology.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
the sections proposed to be stricken out will be
dispensed with.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted as section twenty-five, in lieu of
sections twenty-five, twenty-six, and twenty-
seven of the House bill, as follows;
And be it further enacted, That every person en-
gaged in or intending to be engaged in the business
of a distiller or rectifier, shall give notice in writing,
subscribed by him, to the assessor of the district
within which such business is to be carried on, stating
the name or style under which, the name or names,
and the place or places of residence of the person or
persons by whom and tho place where said business
is to be carried on, and whether of distilling or recti-
fying. In case of a distiller, the notice shall also
state the kind of stills, boilers, and other implements
to be used, the capacity of each, the name or names
of the owner or owners of the premises on which the
distillery is or is to be situated, and if such premises
are leased, the terms of tho lease. In case of any
change in the location, form, capacity, ownership,
agency, or superintendence of such distillery, still,
boilers, or other implements, like notice shall be
given, as aforesaid, within twenty-four hours of such
change. Such person shall also give bond, in form to
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, with sureties approved by the collector afore-
said, who may approve the same if he shall be satis-
fied, by affidavits made on said bond, of the sufficiency
of said sureties, conditioned that he will comply with
all the requirements of the law in relation to distill ed
spirits. The penal sum of such bond shall be equal
to double the amount of the tax on tho spirits that
can be distilled by such still or stills or other imple-
ments during a period of fifteen days; said collector
may refuse to approve said bond when, in his judg-
ment, the location of the distillery is such as would
enable the distiller to defraud the revenue, and in
case of such refusal, the distiller may appeal to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, whose decision
in the matter shall be final. A new bond may be re-
quired in case of the death, insolvency, or removal
of either of the sureties, or in any other contingency,
at the discretion of the collector.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to add to the
section just adopted these words:
Any person failing to give the notice or bond here-
inbefore required, or giving a false or fraudulent no-
tice, shall be liable to the fine and forfeiture provided
in the last preceding section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read scction twenty-eight,
which by virtue of the amendments already
made becomes section twenty-six:
Sec. [28] 26; And be it further enacted, That no per-
son, firm, or corporation shall use any still, boiler, or
other vessel, for the purpose of distilling in any build-
ing or on any premises where beer, lager beer, ale,
porter, or other fermented liquors are manufaotured;
and no still, boiler, or other vessel, shall be used as
aforesaid in any building or on any premises where
beer, lager beer, ale, porter, or other fermented
liquors, vinegar, or ether, are manufactured or pro-
duced, or where sugars or sirups are refined, or where
liquors of any description are retailed, or any other
business is carried on, or in any dwelling-house; and
every person who shall use such still, boiler, or other
vessel, for the purpose of distilling, as aforesaid, in
any building or other premises where the above spe-
cified articles are manufactured, produced, or other
business is carried on, or in any dwelling-house, or
who shall procure tho same to bo done, shall forfeit
such stills, boilers, or'other vessels so used, and all
the spirits distilled, and pay a fine of $1,000, and be
imprisoned for not less than six months nor more
than one year, in the discretion of the court; and any
person, firm, or corporation, who shall manufacture
any still, boiler, or other vessel, to bo used for tho
purpose of distilling, shall, before the same is re-
moved from the place of manufacture, notify the
collector where such still, boiler, or other vessel is to
be used or sent, of tho intention to send or set up the
same, and of its capacity, and the time when tho same
is to be sent or setup; and'no such still, boiler, or
other vessel, shall be set up without the permit in
writing of the collector for that purpose; and any
person, firm, or corporation, who shall setup such
still, boiler, or other vessel, without first obtaining a
permit from the collector of the district in which such
still, boiler, or other vessel is intended to be used, or
who shall fail to give such notice, shall pay in either
case the sum of $500, and shall forfeit the distilling
apparatus thus manufactured or set up in violation
of law: Provided, That saleratus may be made or
manufactured in any building or on any premises
where spirits are distilled j Provided further, That any
boiler used in generating steam or heating water to
bo used in such.distillerymay be located in any other
building or on any other premises to be connccted
with such still or boiling tubs, by suitable pipes or
other apparatus, or tho steam from such boiler in
the distillery may be conveyed to other premises to
be used for manufacturing or other purposes.
The Committeee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by striking out after ''per-
son," in line* one, the words "firm or corpo-
ration."
Mr. SPRAGUE. Why strike out those
words?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because them is a gen-
eral provision in another place making "per-
son," wherever that word occurs, apply to firms
and corporations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee to
this section was to strike out, in lines five, six,
and seven, these words:
Arc manufactured; and no still, boiler or other
vessel shall be used as aforesaid in any building or
on any premises where beer, lager beer, ale, porter,
or other fermented liquors.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen,
after "dollars," to strike out "and" and in-
sert "or,*" and after "not," in line nineteen,
to strike out "less than six months nor;" so
as to read, "pay a fine of $1,000 or be im-
prisoned for not more than one year."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "person,"
in line twenty, to strike out the words "firm or
corporation."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is agreed to, no objection being made.
The next amendment was after the word
"sent," in line twenty-five, to strike out the
words "of the intention to send or set up the
same" and insert "and by whom it is to be
used."
The amendment was agreed to.
'The next amendment was after "person,"
in line twenty-nine, to strike out "firm or cor-
poration."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The next amendment was in line thirty-five
to strike out "manufactured" and insert "re-
moved."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section [twenty-nine]
twenty-seven of the bill, as follows:
Sec. [29] 27. And be it further enacted, That every
rectifier or wholesale dealer in distilled spirits shall
enter, daily,in a book or books kept for the purpose,
under such rules and regulations as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe, the num-
ber of proof gallons of spirits purchased or received,
of whom purchased and received, and the number
of proof gallons sold or delivered; and every recti-
fier or wholesale dealer who shall neglect or refuse to
keep such record shall forfeit all spirits in his pos-
session, together with the apparatus, tools, and im-
plements used, and be subject to a fine of ยง500, or
imprisonment for not less than six months nor more
than one year, in tho discretion of the court. And
every rectifier shall mark with a stencil-plate, on
each package of five gallons or more of distilled or
rectified spirits sold by him, his name and place of
business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word "mark,"
in line thirteen, I move to strike out the words
"with a stencil-plate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section [thirty] twenty-
eight, as follows:
Sec. [30] 28. And be it further enacted, That the
owner orowners of any distillery shall provide, at his
or their own expense, a warehouse suitable for the
storage of bonded spirits, of their own manufacture
only: or he or thoy may provide a secure room, in a
suitable building, to be used as such warehouse, but
no dwelling-house shall be used for such purpose,
and no door, window, or other opening shall be made
or permitted in the walls thereof, leading to any other
room or building used for any other purpose, or into
the distillery; and after a bond has been given, as
hereinafter provided, such warehouse or room, when-
approved by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
on report of the district collector, is hereby declared
to be a bonded warehouse of the United States, and
shall be used only for the storing of spirits manufac-
tured by the owner, agent, or superintendent of such
distillery, and shall bo under the custody of the in-
spector as hereinafter provided; and shall be kept
locked up by the proper officer in charge at all times
except when he shall be present; and the tax on the
spirits stored in such warehouse shall be paid before
removal from such warehouse unless removed in pur-
suance of law. And the owner or owners of such
warehouse shall execute a general bond to the Uni-
ted States with two or more sureties, to be approved
by the collector; and such bond shall be for not less
than the amount of duties on the spirits to be covered
thereby, and in such form, and containing such con-
ditions, as shall be approved by tho Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and maybe changed from time
to time by the colloctor in regard to the amount and
sureties thereof.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by striking out the word
"may," in line twenty-seven, and inserting
"shall;" after "changed," in line twenty-
eight, inserting "or renewed;" after "time,"
in line twenty-eight, striking out "by the col-
lector;" and after "thereof," in line twenty-
nine, inserting "as the collector may require
so as to make the clause read:
Shall be changed or renewed from time to time in
regard to the amount and sureties thereof as tho col-
lector may require.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, In line twelve of that
section I move to strike out "Commissioner
of Internal Revenue" and insert "Secretary
of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In line twenty-five
the word "duties" should be "taxes."
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The Secretary read section [thirty-one]
twenty-nine, as follows:
Sec. 31, And be it further enacted, That general
bonded warehouses, for tho storage of spirits or other
merchandise allowed by law to be placed in bond to
secure the payment of the internal revenue tax
thereon, or the exportation thereof, may be estab-
lished under such rules and regulations and upon the
execution of such bonds as the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue may prescribe, and sfcfall be m the
immediate custody of store-keepers who shall be ap-
pointed for that purpose, whose compensation shall
be paid monthly to the collector of the district by the
owners or proprietors of such' warehouse, and shall
not exceed the rates which maybe allowed to store-
