4302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
peace and the best security for individual right
and justice that law has ever devised. The
world is six thousand years old. In every quar-
ter and section of it you have tried to get along
without doing justice, but wherever you tried
it you have miserably failed. There is no other
way given under heaven or among men whereby
national life can be saved and secured but jus-
tice and equal rights. If you think there is,
try it on for another six thousand years, and
then tell me.
Mr. President, my colleague taunts me and
the party with which I act that if we or those
with whom I act in Wisconsin had been guided
by our own feelings and convictions, if he had
not beneficently and benignly stood over us,
the guardian angel of the Union party in the
State of Wisconsin, and saved us in spite of
ourselves from the rocks on which we seemed
determined to rush, we should have had no
Union majority in the State of Wisconsin.
That is an assertion; not exactly a prediction,
because it does not relate to what is to take
place hereafter; but it is an assertion relating
to what has transpired heretofore, and the truth
of which there are no present means of ascer-
taining, and so I must content myself with
opposing my opinion to that of my colleague,
and telling him that he is, in my judgment,
terribly mistaken when he flatters himself that
it was to his sage counsels that the Union
party owes its control of the State of Wis-
consin.
Again, Mr. President, my colleague tells me
—and I thought he seemed rather to congratu-
late himself and to hug himself, so to speak,
on the fact that the theory of State suicide
has passed away forever. 1 should be glad to
know that the fact of State suicide had passed
away forever; but my colleague cannot demol-
ish a theory by an assertion. [ suppose the
simple fact to which my colleague had refer-
ence was to that rather antiquated fact that a
great while ago—I cannot just noiv tell how
long ago, but in the early part of this session ;
it seems to me I was a much younger man then
than I am now, though just as wise—I did pro-
pose to the Senate a joint resolution declaring
it to bo the duty of Congress to organize terri-
torial governments for the communities be-
tween us and the Gulf which had destroyed or
abdicated the government of American States.
I suppose it is to the idea contained in that
resolution that my colleague alludes when he
refers to the theory of State suicide ; and if
that is so I think he is quite too early in con-
gratulating himself that that theory has passed
away forever. It is very true that the Senate
and the House of Representatives have not,
acted upon that theory, but it is equally true
that the President of the United States, whose
steps my colleague follows exactly, and whose
doctrines he espouses instantly and always
here, has adopted that theory and lias acted
upon it.
The facts are undeniable, patent to the whole
world, that every form of local government
which has existed over every one of these com-
munities from 1801 down to the present time
has been treated by the President precisely as
if it owed its life, as well as its authority and
its vigor, to him. Whenever he saw fit to take
that life he has seemed to suppose that he
might take it,- whenever he saw fit to clasp his
hands tighter upon the throat of any one of
those communities their breath must stop, and
they could only breathe with his permission and
only act by his consent. Thus it was that he
not only, in |he first, instance, as I have before
remarked, actually wiped out of existence with
a single wave of his hand every vestige of local
government which he found there when their
armies surrendered, but it was thus and thus,
alone, that he went on to rebuild governments
after a model of his own, fashioned by his own
wit—to rebuild governments in the place of
those displaced. It was thus, and thus alone,
that he has from time to time in ever}' stage of
their history, from the time their armies sur-
rendered down to this moment, interfered and
stopped the functions of each or every one of
the departments of those governments which
he built himself and ought to warrant, when-
ever he thought proper to do so. One of two
things is true, either he has handled those gov-
ernments as territorial governments existing
by virtue of Federal authority, and only Fed-
eral authority, wielded by the Executive and
not by the Legislature, or he has been guilty of
usurping the functions of State governments,
such as no predecessor of his ever attempted,
and such as no predecessor of his ever could
attempt, and no successor of his ever can at-
tempt without subjecting himself to the pains
and penalties of impeachment.
Mr. President, I touch now up'ona question
which concerns not merely the existence of
parties here to-day, but takes hold of the foun-
dations upon which yoar Government rests.
You must stand there. No President can go
into a State and dissipate a Legislature without
committing an act of revolution, and you know
it. No President can go into a State and by
his own word and his own authority depose
even a justice of the peace without commit-
ting a revolutionary act, and you know it. If
you concede that authority to this President
or any other, you surrender every single right
and prerogative of a State not merely to the
nation as represented by its representatives,
but to the nation represented in the person of
a single individual as its Executive. Sir, if
the Senate and the House of Representatives
have ignored the theory of State suicide, the
President is true to it.
I have occupied, sir, more of yonr time than
I meant to do, and more than I think was ab-
solutely necessary for a personal explanation.
There is one other point that is not exactly in
the character of a personal •ftxplanation ; that
is to say it does not tend to explain my per-
sonal conduct, though it may have some bear-
ing on the personal conduct of my colleague.
There is one comment of that kind that J feel
called upon to make. Judging from the whole
drift of the remarks made by my colleague
after I came into the Senate—for, as I have
said, I was not here when ho began—I was led
to the conclusion that it was the end and aim
of his effort to convince somebody, if not him-
self, that he had been, after all, and all this
time, acting in the interest of the Union party
which sent him here, and acting for the pro-
tection and preservation of that party whose
representatives in the State of Wisconsin asked
him to leave here last winter. That that has
not been the aim of my colleague, I cannot
positively affirm ; but if it has been, either he
or his constituents in the State of Wisconsin
have made a very great mistake. Tt is very cer-
tain tljat his constituents in Wisconsin, those
tried and true men who sent him here—and I
beg leave right here to say, by way of interpo-
lation, and in the hearing of my colleague,
just as true to-day as they ever were—have not
understood him as acting in the interests and
for the safety and security of the Union party;
and it is equally certain that that other con-
stituency in Wisconsin, who opposed his com-
ing hero, have made the very same mistake;
for, by all the evidence they could give on any
point in issue, they do testify that they conceive
him, instead of being the saviour of the Union
party, to be precisely the genius raised up in
these evil times to destroy the Union party;
-and so they hail him with open public acclaim
everywhere. Sir, who is mistaken upon this
point? The patent fact is—I am not talking
of the motive or sincerity of my colleague; I
am not questioning that, and never have—that
my colleague came hero the accredited repre-
sentative, the chosen agent of the Union party
of Wisconsin, and here he met a majority of
this body accredited by the same parly in differ-
ent States. I simply appeal to the personal
knowledge of every man that surrounds me to
know whether, for the last four or six months,
my colleague has acted with that party, coun-
seled with it, accorded with it, aided it, or
done anything else in the wide world but to
employ himself, so far as I can judge, to the
utmost extent of his capabilities, in pulling it
down and utterly demolishing it. That is a
question which his own personal observation
will enable every Senator of any party on this
floor to answer satisfactorily to himself, and, I
think, satisfactorily to me.
Mr. President, I must say one thing more.
I was impressed with the belief—I hope I do
my colleague no injustice by the conviction—
that he had allowed these resolutions to lie upon
your table from the time they were presented
until this .time, while he was doing such work
here as seemed to him fit and proper for him
to do, whether in the interest of the Union
party or of the State of Wisconsin or of the
President of the United States, I shall not
stop to discuss; but having allowed these res-
olutions to lie upon the table until this time
without comment, it did seem to me as if he
had sought this very late hour, when all work
here is accomplished, when there is nothing
more to be done in the sight of the President
or of the Senate, to state his account and be
prepared to meet his constituents. Whether
that was his view or purpose or not I cannot
definitely state till I have more carefully con-
sidered not merely what I did hear but what I
did not hear of his remarks. If that was his
view, I want to do one thing more and close.
My colleague and myself came here the rep-
resentatives of the same party, and I am going
back to Wisconsin believing that I myself am
still the representative of that party, true to
what I understand to be their convictions;
and I want to say here to the Senate, for the
encouragement of you all, that I believe in the
State of Wisconsin there has been a more
deliberate and more systematic effort to de-
moralize the party which sent my colleague
and myself here than has been put forth in any
State of the Union, but at the same time it is
my proud satisfaction to believe that there is
nowhere in the Union or upon the face of the
earth a constituency that stand more solid,
more compact, more resolute, more unflinch-
ing, more determined to adhere to the end,
wherever that end may be or whenever it may
come. This is the constituency which sent me
hero and to which I am about to return.
BELIEF OF DRAFTED M15X.
Mr. COWAN. I move now to take up the
bill (II. R. No. 811) for the relief of certain
drafted men. I think there is no objection
to it.
Mr. CRESWELL. 1 believe one section of
that bill provides that the claims paid under
it shall bo confined to those now on file in the
War Department. I ask what number there
are now on file in the War Department.
Mr. COWAN. I think about seventy, it is
said.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, about seventy.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not think we know
enough about that bill to consider it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New York object to its consid-
eration ?
Mr. MORGAN. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside.
MiSTOE AND Jl'cORD.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to organize a board of not less than three
competent persons whoso duty it shall bo to inquire
and determine how much the vessels-of-war Shiloh,
built by (jcorgc C. Bestor, and Utlah, built by Charles
VV. MnCord, at St. Louis, Missouri, during the years
18f)3, l.Sli!, and 1805, and their machinery, cost said
contractors over and above the contract price and
allowances for extra work paid by the Government
of the United States, and report the same to the Sen-
ate at its next session.
I introduced this morning a joint resolution
on this subject which the Senate passed, but
in the House it has been referred to a com-
mittee. I notice that the Senate passed a sep-
arate resolution similar to this last year; and
I ask that this be passed so that the testimony
can be taken.
Mr. HENDERSON. I remember that a
resolution was passed just at the close of the
