1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
430B
last session, and the consequence was a report
by a board, and upon that report a bill was in-
troduced appropriating, perhaps, $2,000,000 to
pay the iron-clad contractors. The only justi-
fication for that bill was the report of a board
organized under a simple resolution of the Sen-
ate. I object to this resolution, and I hope the
Senate will have nothing to do with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution must go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator that that resolution would have covered
this ease, and Mr. Bestor and Mr. McCord
could have taken their testimony but for the
fact that the action of the board was before
they ' completed their contract. They only
want an opportunity to take the testimony. I
do not know that I shall vote for the claim
eventually; I do not commit myself to that;
1 only desire to allow these parties to present
their case.
Mr. HENDERSON. I object to the reso-
lution. I wish to lay no foundation for an-
other iron-ciad bill at the next session of Con-
gress by a resolution of this kind at the lieel
of the session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution cannot be consid-
ered.
military service abroad.'
Mr. WILLEY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to:
jResolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if not ill liis opinion deemed incompat-
ible with the public interest, to transmit to the Sen-
ate copies of all correspondence not heretofore pub-
lished, between the Government oftheUnited States
and the Governments of France and Prussiasince the
4th of March, 1857, touching the claim to military ser-
vice asserted by those Governments in reference to
persons born in those countries and who have since
become naturalized under the laws of the United
States.
PREPARATIONS FOIt ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. HARRIS (at fifteen minutes past four
o'clock) submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
-Resolved, That a committee consisting of two mem-
bers be a,p|iointcd on the part of tho Senate, to join
such committee as may bo appointed on the part of
tho House of Representatives, to wait upon the Pres-
ident of the United States and inform him that unless
he may have some further communication to make,
the two Ifousesof Congress, havingfinished the busi-
ness before them, are ready to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore being author-
ized to appoint the committee, Messrs. Harris
and Nesmith were appointed.
rev. c. u. boynton.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 210) to authorize the
payment of Rev. C. B. Boynton as Chaplain
of the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
At the suggestion of Mr. SPRAGUE, the
joint resolution was, by unanimous consent,
read three times and passed.
Mr. McPherson presently returned and an-
nounced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled joint resolution (II. R.
No. 210) to authorize the payment of Rev. C.
B. Boynton as Chaplain of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Thirty-Ninth Congress; and
it was signed by the President pro tempore.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
After a pause—
Mr. HARRIS. The committee on the part
of the Senate who were charged with the duty
of waiting upon the- President and informing
him that the Senate was ready to adjourn un-
less he had some further communication to
make, have performed that service, and the
President was pleased to say that he had no
further communication to make.
thanks to the president pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore having vaca-
ted the chair,
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. Clerk, I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate bo pre-
sented to lion. IiA Fayette S. Foster, President of
the Senate pro tempore, for tho dignified, impartial,
and courteous mann er in which he has presided over
its deliberations during the present session.
The Chief Clerk put the question on the
resolution, and it was unanimously adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore took the
chair and said:
Senators : I thank you heartily for this most
gratifying token of your approbation. The
duties with which I have been charged, though
responsible, have been made pleasant and
agreeable by your uniform support, by the
courtesy and kindness manifiSted toward me
by every member of the body. I shall cherish
these associations in grateful remembrance as
long as I live.
The time designated by the concurrent vote
of the two Houses for the close of this session
of Congress havmg now arrived, wishing you
all a prosperous journey to your homes and
families, I now declare the Senate adjourned
without day.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 28, 18GG.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
The Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton, made
the following prayer :
Accept our thanks, O God, that in circum-
stances of peace and mercy Thou hast brought
these men once more together on this the clos-
ing day of the session. We pray, O God, that
this important chapter of American history
may, through wisdom and grace granted unto
them to-day, be worthily brought to a close.
We thank Thee for all Thou hast enabled them
during this session to do ; for all that has been
accomplished in the cause of right and free-
dom ; for the benefits that have been conferred
upon the masses of the people in this land, and
for the encouragement that has been given to
those in all other lands who are struggling to
gain and establish their rights. O God, grant
unto them that reward which is due. And
now that they are about to separate when the
duties of this day are over, O God, we pray
that it may not be a final separation. We com-
mend them all individually to the holy keeping
of our God. Will the Lord guard them on
their homeward journey from all the perils of
the traveler, watch over all their interests, and
may they meet their friends in peace and health.
O God, guard in safety every family circle, and
every dear home, that they may meet each other
in peace, and feel that God has guarded and
blessed them. We beseech Thee, O Lord, that
they may all be spared to meet again when
another session shall commence to celebrate a
new triumph for the right, to perfect that which
remains undone in bringing all the policy of
the Government in accordance with the eternal
principles of Thine own. Will God bless all
the officers of the Government to-day. Bless
the whole country. And when next a prayer
shall be offered before Thee here, may we have
still greater cause for thankfulness to God for
all that He has done for the United States. We
ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.
Mr. STEVENS. It is evident to all that the
Journal of yesterday's session cannot have been
made up by this time ; I therefore move that
the reading of the Journal of yesterday be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on'Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
States;
An act (S. No. 265) to protect the manufac-
turers of mineral waters in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes ; and
. An act (H. R. No. 791) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1866, and for other
purposes.
MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the enrolling of the bills which were passed
just before the adjournment this morning, and
their examination and comparison by the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills cannot be completed
in less than two and a half or three hours.
The Senate_ have been informed of that fact,
and they will probably agree to the request of
the Ho'use to extend the sesssion to half past
four o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. MILLER asked and obtained leave to
have printed with the debates a speech he had
prepared upon the general political questions
of the day. [The speech will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS. I had laid down to get
some sleep when the vote was taken upon
agreeing to the report of the last committee
of conference upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses upon the civil appropriation
bill. I now ask leave to record my vote in the
affirmative.
No objection was made, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
Mr. ROLLINS asked and obtained leave to
record hjs vote in the negative upon the same
bill.
Mr. SPALDING asked and obtained leave
to record his vote in the affirmative upon the
same bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked and obtained leave
to record his vote in the affirmative upon the
same bill.
deaths of prisoners of war.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House calling for a
report of the number of deaths of Union and
rebel soldiers while held as prisoners of war;
which was laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. If it will prevent the doing
anything worse, and the House will indulge
me, I will make a few remarks on House bill
No. 623, to enable the States lately in rebel-
lion to regain their privileges in the Union,
and which was under consideration when we
were last in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think I must object.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield the floor when-
ever anything else comes up. I do not want
any action whatever.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] would
want some action by the House. I never knew
him to make a speech without having some
purpose in view.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course he has some
purpose in view.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not object, if there
is to be no action.
Mr. STEVENS. Before making the remarks
I have to submit, I desire to indicate some
amendments that I wish to have made in the
bill. And that they may be properly under-
stood, I propose to include in my remarks the
bill as I desire to have it read when perfected,
and which will be as follows:
Whereas tho eleven Stateswhich lately formed the
government called the confederate States of Amer-
ica have forfeited nil their rights under the Constitu-
tion, and can be reinstated in the same only through
the action of Congress; Therefore,
Be it cnactfd by the Senate and Jlnute of Iieprescrtta-
tine? of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the eleven States lately in rebellion may
form valid State governments in the following man-
Sec. ZAndbeit further enacted, That the State gov-
ernments now existing de facto are hereby acknowl-
edged as valid governments for municipal purposes
until the same shall be duly altered, and their legis-
lative and executive officers are hereby recognized
as such •
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the President
of the United States shall within six months, and
as often thereafter as he shall deem proper, issuo
his i>roelamation dii-®ctit>fe conventions to be called
