1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
unanimously given for a personal explanation,
the member obtaining sueh consent cannot be
restraiuedlroni speaking respectfully upon any
mutter which in his judgment may be necessary
for his personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I fully con-
cur with thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr.
Baxks] in his understanding of the usage of
the House on this subject. \Vhen a gentleman
obtains leave to make a personal explanation
he can, according to my view, occupy his hour
with such remarks as he deems proper, in spite
of everybody.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, as
the gjntleman from Massachusetts has alluded
to this subject, that the present occupant of
the chair, since he has filled the position, lias
always held that in a personal explanation a
gentleman may state any ground on which he
considers himself aggrieved, connecting his re-
marks in some way with that subject, directly
or indirectly. The Chair thinks that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, in vindicating himself
against what he deems an unjust attack upon
him in a newspaper article, for having intro-
duced a resolution to admit upon this iloor a
gentleman claiming a seat as a Representative,
has the right to vindicate himself by reference
both to the gentleman to whom the resolution
referred and also to his own position.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I did not intend
when I rose to make a single remark that would
be inconsistent with the very highest and purest
motives and opinions of any gentleman upon this
floor in regard to the Union and its perpetuity.
I rose, sir, to defend a man who, with others
upon this lloor, had gone in the beginning to
defend the Government, the Constitution, and
the Union. 1 did it because T had introduced
a resolution, and in introducing that resolution
I felt 1 had the grounds to base it upon which
were sure, and broad, and complete, and against
which no man in this House could take excep-
tion.
I understand well why this attack has been
made indirectly upon me, and indirectly upon
seventy members upon this lloor who voted for
that resolution. It was because of that infa-
mous, that contemptible, that untenable, and
that damnable doctrine which has been uttered
here, that these States are out of the Union,
and that Representatives from there ought not
to be recognized 
Mr. BROOMALL. I cafi the gentleman to
order. He has departed from the very liberal
scope which the decision of the Chair gave
him, in discussing whether certain States arc
in or out of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
going beyond the range. The gentleman from
Kentucky, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is aware, introduced a resolution to allow a cer-
tain person the privilege of I he floor, a claim-
ant for a seat from the State of Arkansas, and
that involves the question whether Arkansas is
a State or not in the Union.
Mr. BROOMALL. I submit, so far as that
is concerned, it is not a personal question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks debate
must be allowed to that extent. He agrees
with the gentleman from Massachusetts and
the gentleman from Illinois in reference to the
latitude which has heretofore been allowed in
personal explanations, and the only limitation
that has ever been put on it is the one the Chair
has alluded to. While the gentleman could
not discuss European politics or the relations
of the Czar of Russia and the Emperor of
France in his comments on the extract of which
he complains, he insists that the extract which
has been read is personal to himself, and he
has a right within a wide range to discuss that
question.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to another point
of order. I have the right to have read the
language of the gentleman in pronouncing the
opinions and decisions of this House damnable
heresies.
Mr. SMITH. I appeal to this House that I
said the opinion entertained in this House so
far as that doctrine was concerned was dam-
nable, and I repeat it. I say to this House
and the country, so far as the Union is con-
cerned  
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Kentucky
lias no right to reflect upon the decisions of the
House.
Mr. SMITH. I did not reflect upon the
decisions of the House.
Mr. BANKS. The question arises whether
the gentleman shall proceed.
Mr. STEVENS. I object. ¥e have had
enough of this.
Mr. SMITH. But you have not got as much
as you will get.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must take
his seat, under the following rule:
"61. If any member, in spealdng or otherwise,
transgress tho rules of tlio Ilouse, the Speaker shall,
or any member may, call to order; in which case tile
member so called to order shall immediately sit down,
unless permitted to explain: and the Rouse shall, if
appealed to, decide on the case, but without debate:
if there bono appeal, the decision of the Chair shall
be submitted to. If tho decision bo in favor of tlio
member called to order, ho shall be at liberty to pro-
ceed; if otherwise, he vhull not be permitted to proceed,
in ease any member objcct, without leave of the JJou:.r ■
and if the ease require it, he shall be liable to the
censure of the House."
Mr. BROOMALL. I demand the enforce-
ment of the rule.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall
the gentleman be allowed to proceed?
Mr. HARRIS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 70, not voting
58 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs, Anconn, Barker, Bergen, Boycr,
Bromwell, Brooks, Coffroth, Darling, Dawes, Daw-
soil, Dumont, (jrlossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Hard-
ins;, Harris, Hill, llogan, Edwin N. Hubbcll, James
Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jones,
Kasson, Kerr, Keteham, Jvuykendall, Laflin, George
V. Lawreive, Le Blond, Loan, Jlarvin, McCullough,
Mclluer, Moorbead. Morns, Mycin, Newell, Nichol-
son, Xocll, O'Neill, Radtord, Samuel J. Randall,Wil-
liam H. "Randall. Raymond, John H. Rice, Ritt.er,
Rogers, Ross, Sit greaves, Tabcr, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, and Wiiifield—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Lieama.n, Bulwcll,
Jimgham, Boutwcll, Broornall, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Dcming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot. Farnsworth, Farquhar, Garfield, Grm-
nell, Abner 0. Harding, Hayes, Hendeison, Higby,
Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, John 11. Hubbard, James R. Hubbcll, Hulburd,
Jenckes. Ivel^o, William Lawrence, McClurg.Mereur,
Miller. Morrill, Moulton, Orth, Paine, Perham,Pike,
Pi ice, Sa\v> er, Sehenck, Seofield, Sheila barker, Sloan,
Spalding, St:u-r, Stevens, Thnv( r, Trowbridge, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Eliliu li. Washburne, William B.
Washiiuin, U'elker. W'-ntwurth, Williams, James I1'.
Wilbon, ritephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—7".
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson,Delos R. Ashley,
Baxter, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow, Brundegee, Buck-
land, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cullom, Culver,
Davis. Defrees, Delano, Dcnison, Eekley, Eggleston,
iSIdridge, Ferry, I-'mek, Grider, Griswold, Hale, Hart,
Ho tell kiss, Chester D.Hubbard, Johnson, Julian, Kol-
ley, Latham, Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Alarston,
Melndoe, McKee, N iblack, Patterson, Phelps, Plants,
Pomeioy, Alexander II. Rice, Rollins, Rousseau,
Shanlilm, Smith, Stilwell, Strouse, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas. Van A cm am. Ward, Warner, Henry
D. Washburn, Whaley, and Wnglit—58,
So the House refused to allow the gentleman
to proceed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LE BLOND said : I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Eldridge, is still confined
to his room by illness, and I believe he would
vote here in favor of the freedom of speech.
Mr. BOl'ER. I wish to state that my col-
league, Mr. Johnson, is detained at his house
by illness.
The result, having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. SMITH said: I rise to a personal ex-
planation.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. MORRILL. I object. I demand the
regular order of business.
Mr. SMITH. I think the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] said a little while ago
i that he did not object to a thing of this kind,
I wish to put myself right before the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to allow me to report
an appropriation bill.
Mr. SMITH.. I appeal to the Speaker to
ask the gentleman from Vermont to. respond
to my request.
The SPEAKER, He has a right to object.
Mr. MORRILL. Almost an houivkas been
consumed already, and I am anxious to have
important public business attended to. I will
yield, however, if the gentleman will confine
himself to five minutes.
Mr. SMITH. I do not want five minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears uone.
Mr. SMITH. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
for this favor.
Mr. Speaker, I understand that in conse-
quence of some remark which I made a few
moments ago, the privilege of the floor for con-
tinuing my remarks was not granted to me.
That remark was this: that ''I will give you
more of it." I did make that remark to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
and it was intended as entirely personal to him,
not to the House, because he had seen proper to
say something to this effect, as I understood it:
that he had had enough of what I had said. In
reply to that I said—at least this was my idea
—-"May be you have,but I will give you more
of it." My object was to be personal to Mm,
and not to the House of Representatives. This
I think is due to the House, so far as I am con-
cerned. For this House I have the highest
regard, but for the opinions of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] 1 have not
that regard.
Now, sir, when I rose to make my address
I rose as a Union man. For I am a Union
man, as true, as full, as complete, as willing,
as earnest, as devoted as the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfielii,] or his
colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] or anybody else on
this floor. But I believe it was my duty, so far
as that remark was concerned, to say that I
did not intend it for the House, but for the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.].
And I reiterate that I do not believe the doc-
trine of secession, but I am its sworn enemy,
to fight against it now and forever.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise to answer
what the gentleman has said personal to my-
self. I have before this said that what no
gentleman would utter no gentleman eould
answer. I rise to introduce a bill makingap-
propriations for tlio current and contingent
expenses of tho Indian department and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with tho various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 80, 1807.
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and made the special
order for Thursday, March 22, and from day
to day thereafter until disposed of.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
Mr. MeCULLOUGH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill authorizing the exten-
sion, construction, and use of a lateral branch
of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into
and within the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
bo printed, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
habeas corpus.
The morning hour having commenced, the
House resumed the consideration of House
bill Xo. 298, to amend an act entitled " An act
relative to the habeas corptis and regulating
judicial proceedings in certain cases," on which
Mr. Harding, of Kentucky, was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. I feel a little
disconcerted, Mr. Speaker, this morning in eon-
sequence of a little storm tliat has arisen here.
It is always painful to me to seo old friends
disagree. Without attempting any explanation
for my colleague, [Mr, Smith,] I cannot but
