mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GKLOBI.
May 4,
A joint resolution (B- R. Np. 133). relative
to the attempted assassination of the Emperor
of Russia—to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. . .
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew the motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after two
hours spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 4,1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. 0. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CORRECTION.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a correction of the
Journal of "Wednesday, as well as of the Globe.
I find myself recorded on the passage of the
Army bill as absent and not voting. I was
present and voted in the negative. I have just
learned of the error, or would have asked to
have the coirection made yesterday.
The Journal was corrected accordingly.
EMPEROR Or RUSSIA.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a joint resolu-
tion relative to the recent attempted assassina-
tion of the Emperor of Russia.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Congress of the United States of America
has learned with deep regret tho attempt made upon
the life of the Emperor of Russia by an enemy of
emancipation. Tho Congress send their greeting to
his Imperial Majesty and to the Russian nation, and
congratulate the twenty million serfs upon the prov-
idential escape from dangerofthosovereigntowhose
head and heart thoy owe the blessings of their freedom.
There was no objection.
The joint resolution was road a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly road the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Tbe previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GRINNELL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
17, noes 43.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Grinnell
and Ancona were appointed.
The 1 louse was again divided; and the tollers
reported—ayes twenty-nine, more than one fifth
of those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
m the affirmative—yeas 124, naysO, not voting
59; as follows:
YEApS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Aneona, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashley, James M, Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Ben man, Benjamin, Bid well,
Bingham,Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Brimdegce, Brom-
well, Brooniall, Buckland, Bandy, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, OolfrGth, Conkling,
Cook, Cullom, Dawson, Defroes, Deming, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley. Eldridge,
Jiliot, 1'arquhar, Ferry, thick, Garfield, Ulossbren-
Trer' ^"ismell, Ui'i-'Wokl, Abner C. Hardin.?, Hart,
Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Asahel \y. Ilubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kasson, ICelley, Ketebam, Kuykendall, Laflin, La-
tham, ueorge v. Lawrence, William Lawrence. Le
Blond, Longyoar, Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Mc-
Clurg, McOullough, McKee, MeRuer, Mereur, Mil-
ler, Morrill Morris, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Peiham. I'helps, Pike, Plants, Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rol-
lins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer. Seofield, Shcllabar-
ger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell,
fotrouse. taylor, JJrancis Thomas, Thornton, Trow-
bridge, Upson. Van Aernam.Bmt Van JXovn. Robert
T. V an Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washhume, Henry
J). WWhhurn, WeJkcr. Williams. James F. Wilson,
Sfei/htu F. Wilson, Windom, and Winlteld—llii,
NAYS—0.
NOT V0TIX11—Messrs. Ames. Bergen, Blaine,
Culver, Darling, Daviy, Dawes, Delano, Dumont,
Efj leston, Farnf-woitii, Goodyear, finder, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Harrw, Hayes, Hill, Hoscan, Deraas
Hubbard, John M. Hubbard, Edwin N. iiubbell,
Hulburd, James M.Humphrey, Jenckes; Johnson,
Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Loan, Marvin, Melndoe, Moor-
head, Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, JToell,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, William H.
Randall, RiUer, Rogers, Sehenck, Shanklin, Sloan,
Starr, Taber, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trimble,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Whaley,
Woodbridge, and Wright—59.
So the joint resolution was passed unani-
mously.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ANCONA stated that, in deference to
wishes of friends, he would change his vote,
and vote in the affirmative, although against
his own conviction of propriety.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL,
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that the internal revenue bill, as
modified by the Committee of Ways and Means,
with additions including further subjects, and
with errors corrected, may be ordered to be
reprinted, and that as reprinted, it shall be
taken up on Monday next.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. ANCONA. I would inquire whether this
will includc the extra copies ordered some days
since; if not, whether tho same number of
copies of the corrections should not be printed.
Mr. MORRILL. It will not extend to the
extra copies, because those are already printed.
Mr. ANCONA. But a small portion of them,
I believe. I suggest an amendment, that it
embrace the extra copies remaining that have
not been printed.
Mr. MORRILL. I think they have all been
printed, but I see no objection.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the same num-
ber of extra copies of the corrected bi'llbe issued.
It is very necessary that this bill should be dis-
tributed among our constituents.
Tho SPEAKER. That goes'to the Commit-
tee on Printing under the law.
MILITARY AND NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for present action a joint resolution
which T am sure will commend itself to the
justice^of every member of the House so that
there will be no objection. It is in relation to
the ages at which young men who have served
in tho Army or Navy during the late rebellion
shall be eligible to appointment to the Military
and Naval Academies. A provision relating
to the Militai-y Academy was embodied in the
Army bill which has recently been before the
House. I awaited the result of the action of
the House on that bill before offering this res-
olution. But inasmuch as it may be some time
before final action is had on that measure, and
cases are arising daily, and many must arise
before the 1st of July next, so that this meas-
ure will be of practical importance to the coun-
try, I sincerely hope the House will now take
action upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I will
object to it if it gives rise to discussion, not
otherwise.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that those who have performed meritorious ser-
vice in the United States Army as officers or
enlisted men, for a period of not less than two
years during the late rebellion, shall be eligible
to appointment to tho United States Military
Academy until twenty-four years of age, and
to the Naval Academy until twenty-one years
of age; and all persons who have performed
such service for a period of less than two years
shall be eligible to appointment to the Military
Academy until twenty-three years of age, and
to the Naval Academy until twenty years of
age.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
unless the gentleman will agree to put in the
word "white."
Mr. PAINE. That amounts to an objection
to the introduction of the resolution.
CORRECTIONS OP TIIE JOURNAL.
Mr. ALLISON. I see by reference to the
Globe that my name is not recorded upon
the final vote on the bill to admit the State of
Colorado. I voted in the negative. I ask to
have the Journal corrected accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I am re-
corded as not having voted on the admission
of Colorado. I voted in the affirmative.
. The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
Mr. PERHAM. I am also recorded as not
voting on the passage of that bill. I voted in
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
CORRESPONDENCE OF THE STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted certain correspondence of the Secre-
tary of State with the British minister, on the
subject of the claim of Thomas Miller and
William Fisher, British subjects, on account
of alleged illegal arrest; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Also a letter from the Secretary of State,
transmitting a correspondence relative to the
claim of Charles Allen, a British subject, for
compensation for injury done to his property
near Vicksburg, received April 27, 1868;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on IJoreign Affairs.
CHANGE or REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee for the District
of Columbia was discharged from the further
consideration of bill of the House No. 404, to
amend an act entitled1 'An act to incorporate the
Guardian Society, and provide for reforming
juvenile offenders in the District of Columbia.
also, an act entitled "An act granting certain
privileges to the Guardian Society of the Dis-
trict of Columbia and the same were refer-
red to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. COOK. I am instructed by the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the habeas corpus bill
to make a report, which I ask to have read.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses of Congress on the amend-
mentsof the Senate to thebill (H. R. No.238) to amend
an act entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus and
regulating judicial proceedings in certain cases,"
approved March 3,1863, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, totheir respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives concur in the
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and seventh amend-
ments of tho Senate.
That the-House of Representatives concur in the
sixth amendmentot tbeSenatc, with an amendment,
as follows: strike out all after the word " act" in tho
fourth line of said amendment.
DANIEL CLARK,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
BURTON C. COOK,
SAMUEL McKEE, -
Managers on thepart of the Ifouse.
Mr. COOK. I demand the previous question
on the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the report.
Mr. ANCONA called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report of tho committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
