1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
regret that he and his old political Mends and
associates who have heretofore harmonized so
pleasantly should have any misunderstand-
ing at all; and I hope a little calm reflection
on the part of gentlemen will at least restore
that amity of feeling, if not of political action,
■which has heretofore existed. My colleague
has always been considered a loyal man, but if
things go on in this way I suppose he will by
and by be charged with using disloyal words
by his old political friends. I trust this excite-
ment will pass away and that calmness will be
restored.
_Mr. Speaker, when the morning hour ex-
pired yesterday and my remarks were suspended
in consequence of it, I was proceeding to argue
that the bill now under consideration was ret-
roactive in its character, and I inquired of the
gentleman, and I nowinquire of him, whether,
in his judgment, there is constitutional power
to pass a retroactive statute that shall operate
upon acts which took place a year ago. Does
the gentleman think that we can pass an act
now that shall defeat the plaintiff's cause of
action and that shall arm the defendant with
a new defense unknown to the law at the time
the act was committed? What would be the
result? A plaintiff who came into court a
year ago, for example, having a legal cause of
action, complaining of a wrong which was in
violation of all laws then existing, is met by
this statute, by which his cause of action, then
legal, is destroyed, and by which his adversary,
the defendant, is armed with a new defense not
known at the time the act was committed. The
result is, that having come legally into court
with a rightful and legal cause of action, by this
statute he will be turned out of court with
costs.
Is not that plainly an ax post facto law, such
as the Constitution in express terms declares
shall not be passed ?
Now, sir, there is no reason that I can im-
agine at all for the passage of this act unless
the object bo, not to promote, but to embarrass
and defeat the ends of justice. There can, so
far as I can see, be no reason for the passage of
this act unless the object is to enable guilty
offenders to escape merited punishment. It is
well known that the common law prevails in
all the courts of Kentucky, and under the com-
mon law any officer or soldier—nay, any private
citizen, may justify an arrest or imprisonment
provided he can show reasonable and proba-
ble cause for the arrest or imprisonment com-
plained of. Thai is the law now. I would not
hold any officer or any person acting under
his authority responsible for an innocent mis-
take, nor does the law hold him responsible
for an innocent mistake. If an officer, in ex-
ecuting a general order to arrest guerrillas,
should by mistake and without malice arrest
an innocent citizen, the law does not hold him
responsible for it, nor would I. All that is
necessary now for any officer or any person act-
ing under his authoiity is to plead and prove
in his defense that there was reasonable and
probable cause, and there being probable cause
ior the arrest or imprisonment the law pre-
sumes that it was done in good faith and with-
out malice. But in the absence of reasonable
and probable cause the law presumes that the
act was done maliciously.
Now, it, is plain that if the acts here referred
to were justified by any law, by military law,
by the common law, or by civil law, then the
man is armed with a full and complete defense.
But the object of this bill is to afford a defense
for men who acted in violation of all law.
Now, I want the attention of the gentleman ;
if I am wrong, he will correct me. I affirm
that under the provisions of this bill, if-1 am
sued as defendant for any outrage whatever,
any trespass, assault, battery, or other tort,
either to the person or to the property of the
plaintiff, I can go into court and acknowledge
that I havebeen guilty maliciously of the whole
chaige: t can hold up my head, having been
armed with this statute, and say that the charge
is true; that I did arrest an innocent citizen,
one whom I knew was guilty of no offense;
but there was an old controversy between him
and myself, an old account to be settled ; that
I knew all the time he was guilty of no offense,
that he was a peaceable citizen; that knowing
all this, having an old account to settle, I made
the search and the seizure of his goods and
chattels, and arrested his person and threw
him into prison. I may acknowledge all this,
and then defy the power of the court; for here
is the order under which I acted.
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. COOK. I do not understand that such is
the object or scope of this bill in any way. If a
man acts under a military order which he is
bound at his peril to obey, that military order
justifies him. If he exceeds the authority of
that order, of course for that excess the order
will not justify him. It is like a writ, valid
upon its face, which must be executed by the
officer of the law, he having no authority to
inquire into its rightfulness.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. What I am
contending for is that the order itself is made
a complete justification. The gentleman can-
not gainsay that. The order is of itself a jus-
tification for all acts; the order of any offi-
cer, verbal or written, general or special, is of
itself made a complete justification, however
villainous or criminal the act may have been.
The gentleman has amended the bill a little,
as ho has informed me, and I will read it as
he intends to have it stand. It is made worse
in some respects. It places a corporal or ser-
geant or lieutenant 011 exactly the same ground
with the President of the United States or the
Secretary of War; a sort of association which
seems to me to be a little immodest, to say the
least of it. Here is what the bill says, and I
defy any gentleman to show that I construe it
too harshly or too rigidly :
That any search, seizure, arrest, or imprisonment
mado, done, or committed, or any acts done-
No matter what they may be, involving mur-
der even—
or omitted to bo done, durinpr the said rebellion, by
any officer or person under and by virtue of any order,
written or verbal, general or special, issued by the
President of the United States or the Secretary of
War, or by any military otlicer of the United States,
holding the command of tlie department, district, or
place, &a.
Now, you will perceive that the order itself,
issued by any military officer, though he be
but a corporal or a sergeant, in command of
a little squad of soldiers in any town, is a com-
plete justification. Gentlemen smile as I men-
tion these officers ; but if they were Kentuek-
ians, they would not smile. The truth is, that
all over Kentucky, in every little town or vil-
lage, and in almost every neighborhood, there
was a little squad of soldiers, sometimes left
under the command of a captain, sometimes
under the command of a lieutenant', sometimes
under a corporal or sergeant. Now, all the
acts of all those swarms of officers are placed
011 exactly the same ground as the acts of the
President of the United States.
Then, I repeat, the defendant, if you pass
this bill, will be armed with the law exactly to
suit his defense. He may acknowledge that at
the time when he made the search of the man's
goods and effects there was no ground for sus-
picion against him ; he knew that he was an in-
nocent, law-abiding citizen, guilty of no offense.
But there was an old account to settle. This
man, the plaintiff, had once, years before, in-
sulted hini; and for this, with the full knowl-
edge of his innocence, he searched his effects,
seized his property, arrested and threw him
into prison. Yet, notwithstanding all this, he
is able to defy the retributive justice of the law,
because he acted under an order issued by some
captain or sergeant or any other officer. That
is a full defense and answer.
Observe, too, how convenient it is to sustain
this defense. How charitable the provisions
of this bill are to the defendant! He is told
that if ho cannot produce the original order he
may produce a copy ; or if that is a little haz-
ardous, it its genuineness is likely to be called
in question, he may resort to a telegram; or if'
that cannot be produced, he may give parol
evidence that there was a telegram. If he thinks
that there is any danger in attempting this, all
he has to do is to resort to another provision
of this bill, and defend himself on the ground
of a verbal or parol order.
There certainly can be no danger in that.
Any lawyer in his defense will take the hint.
In Kentucky, for instance, there were swarms
of officers posted in every neighborhood, at
every town and village. They have now gone
to their homes in Ohio, Pennsylvania, and
other States, and all the defendant has to do
is to claim that some lieutenant from the State,
of Ohio or elsewhere told him to make tha
arrest, and he may call one of his co-conspir-
ators to prove that such an order was given.
The officer himself cannot be produced, and
hence there is a full defense. Will any gentle-
man say that this does not come plainly within
the scope of the provisions of this bill? I
affirm that it does, for the bill provides that
the order, parol or written, of any officer to do
any act whatever shall be a justification of the
act.
The gentleman from Illinois says that a sol-
dier is bound to obey the order of his command-
ing officer. Now, sir, I suppose that there is
some limitation or restriction in reference to
that. I ask the gentleman this question: when
a commanding officer orders his subordinate to
go and commit murder, to shoot down an inno-
cent citizen, is the subordinate bound to obey
that order? No, sir. When the commanding
officer transcends all proper authority, when he
issues an order in defiance of all law, civil and
military, when he takes his stand above con-
stitutions and laws, and issues an order for the
commission of murder, or any other crime,
both he who issues the order and he who exe-
cutes it incurs the guilt of that crime, and are
liable to the punishment denounced against it.
But, sir, this bill goes still further. It pro-
poses to go back and operate upon past acts.
It gives to a man a defense which he had not
when the suit was brought. It is retroactive in
its provisions. It attempts to destroy a legal
right of action. It is ex post facto, and there-
fore contrary to the Constitution.
There is another provision which deserves
attention. The judge of a State court may en-
tertain grave doubts, may believe that such a
law as this is unconstitutional—indeed, I can-
not see how he could regard it otherwise—and
may refuse to proceed under it. One section
of this bill provides that a judge thus acting
shall be deemed guilty of an offense and shall
be punished.
In regard to this provision of the bill. I might
call to my aid the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr.
Btxgham.] The other day, when the bill in
reference to civil rights was under considera-
tion, that gentleman denounced a section in
that bill containing a similar but less objection-
able provision. This bill contains a provision
that if a judge, sworn to administer the law as
he understands it, with due regard to the Con-
stitution, shall not, immediately on the filing
of the petition, suspend all further proceedings
—if he shall take another step in the litigation
—he shall be subjected to a suit for damages,
with double costs. In other words, if he is" an
honest man, if he honestly believes the law to
be unconstitutional, he must commit peijurv,
or else, if he observes his oath, he must sub-
mit to costs and damages.
The gentleman called my attention on yes-
terclay to_ what he called the force bill of 18:33,
a bill which was passed for the purpose of se-
curing the collection of the revenues from im-
ports. I will say, and the gentleman will not
controvert it, that that bill has not a single sol-
itary retroactive provision in it; that it is wholly
prospective; entirely free from the objections
which l am now urging against the pending
proposition. There is no attempt there to
legislate upon anything that is past. It is
wholly free from any such objection.
I ask the attention of the gentleman again.
Here is a bill which provides that the circuit
