1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2385
had examined and found truly enrolled bijls of
the following titles ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act for the admission of the State of Col-
orado into the Union;
An act to encourage telegraphic communica-
tion between the United States and the island
of Cuba and the other West India islands, and
the Bahamas; and
An act concerning the boundaries of the State
of Nevada.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business.
charles brewer and company.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration ofa bill for the relief
of Charles Brewer & Co., which was pending
at the expiration of the morning hour on Fri-
day last.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Charles Brewer
& Co., of Boston, Massachusetts, the sum of
$3,520, in full for the passage in the Hawaiian
bark Kamehameha, of sixty-eight destitute sea-
men belonging to American vessels which were
burned by the Anglo-confederate pirate Shen-
andoah, from the island of Ascension to Hon-
olulu.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which (he bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
.sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS Of PETER HESS, DECEASED.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to authorize the
issuing of a military land-warrant to Frederick
Berlin, assignee of the heirs of Peter Hess,
deceased.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
issue to Frederick Berlin, as the assignee of
the heirs-at-law of Peter Hess, deceased, a
military land-warrant for forty acres of land
in lieu of military land-warrant No. 17,308,
heretofore issued to Peter Hess, deceased, in
his life-time, but which was not located.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEYOR GENERAL FOR IDAHO.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back House bill No. 391,
to create the office of surveyor general in Idaho
Territory.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, shall be authorized to appoint a
surveyor general for the Territory ot Idaho,
who shall be allowed an annual salary of
$3,000, with the same power, authority, and
duties as those provided by law for the sur-
veyor general of Oregon; and to have a proper
allowance for clerk hire, office rent, and fuel,
not exceeding that allowed by law to the
surveyor general of Oregon, the office to be
located at Boise City, Idaho Territory.
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Eckley,] what is the
.ordinary salary of a surveyor general of a new
Territory ?
Mr. ECKLEY. The salary of the surveyor
general of each of the two districts out of
which this is made is $3,000 a year.
Mr. UPSON. I know that the salary of the
surveyor general of the Territory of Dakota
was $2,000 a year ; whether there was or not
much land there capable of being surveyed.
Mr. ECKLEY. I do not know how that
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 150.
is. The surveyor general does not survey the
lands.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
soscol ranch, california.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back House bill No. 200.
to amend an act of Congress entitled "An act
to grant the right of preemption to certain pur-
chasers on the Soscol ranch, in California, '
with a recommendation that it do not pass; and
moved that the same b<?!aid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
issuing of land patents.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, also reported back House bill No.
07, to authorize the issue of patents for lands
in certain cases, with a recommendation that
it do not pass : and moved that the same be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
land titles in benicia, california.
Mr. McRUER. from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, also reported a bill to quiet the title
to certain lands within the corporate limits of
the city of Benicia, California.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read in full. It provides that
the right and title of the United States to the
lands situated within the corporate limits of
the city of Benicia, California, as defined in
the act incorporating said city, passed by the
Legislature of the State of California April 24,
1851, shall be relinquished and granted to that
city upon trust that so much of said lands as is
in the bona fide occupancy of parties by them-
selves or their assignees upon the passage of
this act shall be conveyed to such parties by
the city; provided that this relinquishment and
grant shall not extend to lands occupied by the
United States as a military depot, or to lands
heretofore reserved by the United Slates for
public purposes; that this grant shall not inter-
fere with or prejudice any valid adverse right
or claim, if such exist, to any part of said land,
or preclude a judicial examination and adjust-
ment thereof; and provided further, that said
city shall pay into the Treasury of the United
States, at the office of the sub-Treasurer at San
Francisco, for the land the title to which is
hereby granted and relinquished, at the rate
of $1 25 per acre, within one year of the return
to the General Land Office at Washington of
an approved plat of the exterior limits of said
city in connection with the lines of the public
surveys.
Mr! CHANLER. I would ask the gentle-
man from California [Mr. McRuer] if the value
of land in the city of Benicia is only $1 25 an
acre.
Mr. McRUER. I will state to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Chanler] that the
city of Benicia was built upon what was con-
sidered private land. It was upon what is
termed the Soscol ranch, the title to which
was confirmed by the land commissioners
appointed by Congress to examine land claims
in California. That decision was afterward
confirmed by the United States district court
of California. But after a succession of years,
upon an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States, the decision was reversed, and
the original Mexican grant rejected upon what
are considered to be technical grounds. There-
fore the parties who seek the right to purchase
this land from the United States at^ $1 25 per
acre, have already paid various prices for it,
some of them perhaps as high as $1,000 per
acre, and even higher. These individuals have
made purchases in good faith, and have paid a
valuable consideration, upon the belief that
the property purchased was private property;
and it is deemed an act of justice that they
should have the right to enter their lands at
the rate of $1 2-3 per acre, and get a title
from the United States.
I think there can be no objection to the
passage of the bill, and I demand the pre\ious
question.
Mr. ECKLEY. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw for one moment the call for the pre-
vious question, as I desire to strike out the
last proviso of the bill.
Mr. BIDWELL. I trust that that amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. McRUER. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, and yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ecki.ey.]
Mr. ECKLEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following:
And provided furilicr, That the Raid city shall pay
into the Treasury of the United States, at the office
ot the sub-Treasurer at Sin Francisco, for the land
the'title to which is hereby granted and rolinciuished,
at the rate of $1 2o per acre within one year of the
return to the General Land Office at Washington of a
private plat of the extei ior limits of said city, in con-
nection with the lines of the public surveys.
Mr. McRUER. I have no objection to that,
if there is no opposition to it on the part of
the House. I consider it an act of equity to
the residents of the city of Benicia; but 1 desire
that the passage of the bill shall not be preju-
diced for the sake of this small sum of money.
Mr. ECKLEY. I think there will be no
objection to the amendment.
Mr. BIDWELL. I trust there will be no
opposition to the amendment.
Mr. McRUER. I now renew the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the amendment of Mr. Eckley
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. McltUEIi moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
benicia, california.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back House bill No. 269,
entitled "An act for the relief of citizens of
Benicia, in Solano county, State of California,"
with a recommendation that it do not pass; and
moved that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
A. L. GOODRICH AND N. CORNISH.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back a
joint resolution (II. R. No. 77) for the relief
of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan Cornish.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Postmaster General be author-
ized to audit and settle, as to him may appear
just and equitable, the demand of Ambrose L.
Goodrich and Nathan Cornish for carrying the
United States mail on route-lGOOl, from Boise
City to Idaho City, in the Territory of Idaho,
from the 5th day of July, 1864, until the 1st
day of July, 1865.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table. f
The latter motion was agreed to.
WELLINGTON AND DORSEY.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back
Senate bill No. 210, for the relief of Welling-
ton & Dorsey, with a recommendation that it
do not pass ; and moved that the same be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
