•1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
courts of the United States shall have jurisdic-
tion of nearly every form of trespass, seizure,
arrest, imprisonment, involving not only all
torts but all trespasses upon person and prop-
erty. I repeat, this bill involves all arrests,
searches, seizures, imprisonments, and other
acts done, and the parties sued are allowed to
transfer their cases from the State cSurts^to the
United States circuit courts. It involves nearly
every imaginable tort and trespass upon person
and property. It provides that these cases may
be transferred to the circuit court of the United
States, and consequently gives jurisdiction to
that court in all these cases.
Now, the question I have to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary or the
honorable gentleman who reported this bill is,
whether in his judgment there is constitutional
power to confer upon that court jurisdiction in
this class of eases? I ask the gentleman from
Illinois whether he considers there is constitu-
tional power to clothe the circuit court of the
United States with such a jurisdiction?
Mr. COOK. I desire to say that the author-
ity with which the Federal courts are clothed
* is given by the act of 18G3. It is that act which
provides for the change of venue to the courts
of the United States from the State courts.
Mr. HxVllDlXGr, of Kentucky. I under-
stand in regard to that.
Mr. COOlv. I hold it is constitutional to
clothe the Federal courts with power to ti'y
cases where belligerent rights are involved.
Mr. HARDINU, of Kentucky. If I under-
stand the gentleman, he holds there is consti-
tutional power to clothe the circuit courts of
the United States with judicial authority to
determine such cases as are presented in this
bill. My next question is this: will he be kind
enough to inform mo what clause of the Con-
stitution gives the power he claims? I am a
learner myself, and I do not belong to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COOK. Of course I cannot stand hero
and answer questions without time for refer-
ence. There is certainly a power conferred
upon the Government to suppress insurrection,
and of course all the necessary power to carry
that into effect.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Rut not the
power lawlessly to trespass upon peaceful non-
combatants. The power claimed by the gen-
tleman is the power to make war upon our
enemies and not upon our friends. It there is
any such power it must be found in that part
of the Constitution which relates to the judi-
cial power of the United States. I take the
ground, so far as I understand the Constitu-
tion, that there is no power to confer such ju-
risdiction upon the circuit courts of the United
States. The Constitution declares, article three,
section one. that the judicial power of the Uni-
ted States shall be vested in one Supreme Court,
and in such inferior courts as the Congress may
from time to time ordain and establish.
Mr. COOIv. Allow me.
Mr. HAItDINGr, of Kentucky. Not now.
I would like to have an answer, and you say
you do not know the clause under which this
power is attempted to be exercised.
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. I ask leave
to conclude my remarks.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mi-. HARDING, of Kentucky. I would like
to finish my remarks.
Mr. CONKLING. How much more time
docs the gentleman desire?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Not more
than ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. CONKLIXG. Say ten minutes.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Very well.
Now, sir, the nest clause of the Constitution
declares that the—
" Judicial power shall extend to sill eases in law
and equity arising under the Constitution and laws
of* tho United StutPSj'' * "**
cases affecting embassadors, other public ministers,
arid consuls; to till cases of admiralty and.inantinie
jurisdiction; to controversies to winch the United
States shall be a party; to controversies between two
39tii Cons. 1st Sess.—No. 90.
or more States; between a State and citizens of an-
other State; between citizens of different States*
between citizens of the same State claiming lands
under grants of different States," &c.
Now, there is the limitation of the judicial
power to be exercised by the courts of the
United States. The only exception to be found
in the Constitution relates to citizens of the
same State claiming land under grants from
different States. In no other case can the
courts of the United States take jurisdiction
in controversies between citizens of the same
State. But here you propose to confer juris-
diction upon the circuit, courts of tire United
States in regard to all matters of tort and" tres-
pass between citizens of the same State, in
regard to all actions relating to the rights of
person and property that can arise between
citizens of the same State; while under the
Constitution the only exceptional case where
the Federal courts have jurisdiction in contro-
versies between citizens of the same State is
the solitary instance where citizens of the same
State claim lauds under grants from different
States.
But I will call attention to some remarks
made by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cook] yesterday on this subject. He says :
"There aro but two principles embodied in this
bill. Both principles aro embodied in the bill of
1S33, which received the sanction of Congress and the
assent of President Jackson."
Now. in regard to the act of 1830 there is
nothing retroactive in its provisions. More-
over, in regard to that force bill of course there
would be jurisdiction in the Federal courts
under it, because it was a law of Congress for
the collection of revenue on imports, and all
oilicers and others engaged in executing it
would be acting under the authority of the
United States. It is not at all like this case.
The gentleman says further:
"The first principle is that tho United States will
protect its oiiicer^ in executing its laws and main-
tinning its authority."
That I deem a sound principle. The United
States will protect its officers in the adminis-
tration of its laws and the execution of its au-
thority. I do not gainsay that. But what is
tho case here? This bill is framed on the ex-
press ground, conceded on its very face, that
these orders relied on were issued by officers
without authority of law, either civil or mili-
tary; and yet they are made a valid defense.
The language of the bill is, " any order from
any oflicer shall be of itself a complete defense,"
although that order may be in .utter violation
of all law. Now, the difficulty is this, that there
is no more authority for the order than for tho
act done under it. Both are equally violations
of law.
In addition to the cases I mentioned yester-
day, I will mention one or two others. A great
many officers of the United States have been
in our State, some of them very good men,
others very bad, like all other men in that
respect. But this bill places the authority of
every officer from the highest to^the lowest
exactly on a par with the authority of the Pres-
ident of the United States, so that every one
of the three or four hundred officers in Ken-
tucky is armed with the law-making power. It
matters not whether the order is in the very
teeth of all law, military or civil, if it is made
it justifies the act.
In other words, every military commander
of every grade is made an absolute despot.
Whatever order he issues is law, rising above
all other laws. An order of a sergeant or cor-
poral is made to justify the act.
What I complain of is an attempt to clothe
those orders, manifestly lawless and unjustifi-
able, with tho power of defeating a man's just
cause of action. A man is arraigned for the
murder of an innocent citizen, and he puts in
as a defense the order of a sergeant or corpo-
ral to shoot down that citizen. Such is the
character of this bill.
But I will appeal to known instances. In
some cases guerrillas were shot without trial.
In other cases, though they wore known to be
guilty, they were allowed to escape by the con-
nivance of th.ose in® charge of tliem, In other '
cases, good and honest citizen's* were arrested
and imprisoned. \ :
In the session of 1864-65 "of the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky, one of my colleague]^ now a
member of this House,' [Mr.
clared on the floor of the Hoas^ of'Represent;:
atives that there were numerous orders issued
.and placed in the hands of the provost mar-
shal—issued by military commanders ia Ken-
tucky—of this character: ■ -
"Arrest ten or twelve of the most influential and
wealthy men of your county, and report or send
them to headquarters." ' .
That,'sir, is. a copy of one of those ofders,
and it was declared by my colleague that'in.
many instances those orders, had been exe-
cuted ; that in other cases, the provost marshal
being an honest man, refused to execute them-;
and that under those orders numerous good
citizens of high respectability had been incar-
cerated, some of them for months, and then
turned out without specified charge, and with-
out trial. Others, however, who were more
wealthy, and who were able to procure the aid,
of a set of lawyers that hung about these pris-
ons and headquarters, were very soon released,
paying for the services of these men a fee ran-
ging from live hundred to five thousand dollars.
The same member also declared that there
were honorable members then present on the
floor, whose high character and veracity -no
man dare question, who were ready to.prove
these facts if controverted; and challenged a
denial of them,
And uovvl will call attention to another case,
where a guerrilla was allowed to escape. The
circumstances were these : he had been taken,
and without trial was sentenced to be shot. He
was in irons and on his way to the place of ex-
ecution. Some friends of the family interposed
and he was sent back to Lexington to be tried.
While undergoing a trial there, he succeeded'
in making his escape. But not at all alarmed,
he wont right back into tho same region where
he was before, gathered some marauders, and
commenced robbing and plundering. After
a few weeks or months he was arrested a sec-
ond time. Meanwhile his guilt had become
manifest and the evidence was overwhelming,
lie was taken this time to Louisville. There
was no question in regard to his guilt. He had
escaped prison once and had gone right back
into the same work, robbing and plundering.
Well, after a time we were informed that that
man was sent off South with the simple injunc-
tion that he was to remain there and not return
anymore to Kentucky; sent off without any
trial or investigation. ITc had, in his maraud-
ing operations, doubtless accumulated a large
amount of money ; whether that had anything
to do with the mild and merciful administration
of military law in his case I know not. Other
men, however, who were innocent were im-
prisoned, and purchased their release at the
expense of their pockets, by means of a set of
sharks nml unprincipled lawyers, who doubtless
procured their arrest for the simple purpose of
extorting heavy fees to procure their release.
This bill comes up, and it is now proposed by
an ex post facto, retroactive statute, to destroy
all right of action in all such cases.
As I have already trespassed so much upon
the time of the House, I will say but littla
more. But I do insist that this is an impor-
tant and a grave matter; it is a bill evidently
in the interest of a set of unprincipled lawyers.
They may not show themselves here in per-
son ; but any one living where I live, and
knowing as I do the operations that have gone
on there, would be satisfied that whether they
make their appearancc directly indirectly
before the Judiciary Committee, this bill is
framed in the interest of unprincipled lawyers
who want to secure large fees.
Mr. CONKLING. I would ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] whom lie
considers the most dangerous, the guerrillas
or the lawyers.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. The guer-
rillas are an open enemy. Give me oji open
