862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. CRESWELL. I prefer that it should
go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will.be laid over.
Mr. WILSON. The same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mrs. D"elphine P.
Baker, praying Congress to_ appropriate the
Grovermnent buildings at Point Lookout as a
national.military and naval asylum, ask to be
discharged from its further consideration. I
suppose the question may as well be taken now.
Mr. ORES WELL. As that is part of the
same measure, I ask that it also go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest to the Senator from Maryland
that discharging the committee does not dis-
charge the subject from the consideration of the
Senate. If the Senator from Massachusetts
asks that the question be taken at this time, the
Chair will put the question.
Mr. CRESWELL. I have no objection that
the request of the Senator, so far as that is con-
cerned, shall be granted. All that I desire is
that the papers shall be retained for consider-
ation by the Senate hereafter.
The request of the committee was granted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
94) to amend the act entitled ''An act for the
relief of seamen and others borne on the books
of vessels wrecked or lost in the naval service,"
approved July 4, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
95) providing for the appointment of a commis-
sion to purchase a site and erect a building for
a post office, custom-house, and for holding the
courts of the United States, in the city of St.
Paul; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
90) authorizing an increase of the clerical forcc
in t lit; Post Otlice Department; which was read
twice bv its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Office
'be printed
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolulion (S. R. No. '2:)) submitting to
the Legislatures of the several Slates a propo-
sition to amend the Constitution of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the joint committee to inquire inlo
the condition of the States which formed the
so-called confederate States of America, and
ordered to be printed. The amendment pro-
posed is as follows:
No Stit to, in prescribing tlio qualifications requisite
for oloeiors therein, shall diwnmmato ayainwt any
per.-on on account of color or race.
.t)ii!ndhu.\ts to wlls.
Mr. SUMNEfl. I gave nolice the other day
that J would, when the bill (S. No. 74) for the
admission of the State of Colorado into the
Union came up, move an amendment to it.
As the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
gave notice that ho would call the bill up lo-
moirow, 1 send the amendment to the Chair,
and ask that it be jirinted.
The amendment was received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIXON. I ask leave to offer a section
which is to be introduced as an amendment to
the bill (S. No. 71) relative to the sale of post-
age stamps and stamped envelopes on credit,
introduced by me a few days since. 1 move
that it be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
lunhus withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. NESMITH, it was
Ordered, That the two several petitions of Captain
John 3Iull.ni, late of the United States Aimv, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to tha Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Dr. Sylvester Nash and
Sarah Nash havelcavctowithdrawthcirpetitionand
other papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That Jonathan Ball have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers from the files of
the Senate.
ereedmen's bureau.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 60) to enlarge the powers of the
Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, since I
have been a member of this body, questions
relating to the institution of slavery have so
frequently come before it, and I have mingled
in the debates upon those questions so often,
that I had determined when I came to take my
seat in the body this winter not to participate
again in debates upon them. But, sir, we were
told the other day by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, who has this bill in charge^ [Mr.
Trumbull,] that there was a necessity for in-
cluding my State within the operations of the
Freedmen's Bureau; and as my State is, accord-
ing to the provisions of the bill and the decla-
rations of that honorable chairman, to be in-
cluded within it, I must crave the indulgence
of the Senate while for a few minutes I exam-^
ine some of its provisions. The language of
the honorable Senator was:
"It is neccssary, Sir. President, to extend the
Freedmen's Bureau beyond the rebel States in order
to take ill the State ot itelaware, the loyal State of
Delaware, I am happy to sav, which did not engage
in thiswieked rebellion, and it is necessary to protect
the frocdmcn ill that, Htato a,s well as elsewhere; and
that- i-' the reason for cxtemtinK thejbVeedmen s I u-
roan beyond the linnls of the rebellious States."
On tin? !!d of March last the Congress of the
United States passed an act entitled "An act, to
establish a Bureau of Kreedmen and Refugees."
It was not deemed necessary then, although
war raged in the land, to extend the operations
of 1 his bureau to any other States than those
which were denominated States in revolt. But,
sir, as success has crowned the efforts of the
persistent friends of the negro race their ag-
gressive movements liave become more rapid
and more extensive.
Mr. President, although the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, as originally est.i Wished, was only intended
according to its provisions, to extend to the
Slates that had assumed to secede, we cannot
shut our eyes to the fact what a great, what an
extensive bureau it has become in the country.
I shall enter into no computation of the cost,
which the country has already incurred in the
support, of that bureau. One thing we know, that
hundreds and thousands of the negro race have
been supported out of the Treasury ot the Uni-
ted States, and you and i and the white people
of this country are taxed to pay that expense.
For the first time in the history of this country
lias the (lung occurred, that the great mass of
the people have been taxed to support in idle-
ness a class who are too lazy or too worthless
to support themselves. Sir. look around upon
these galleries at any time of the day, and you
see the beneliciaries of this Freedmen's Bureau
crowding your galleries and listening to the de-
bates of this body, llow many of the honest,
hard-working, while young men of this country
are theie who can afford to come to the city of
Washington, sit day after day, week after week,
month after month, and listen to your d Altera-
tions? Sir, they cannot afford to do it, but
under the protecting care of this Freedmen's
Bureau your galleries can be crowded with hun-
dreds of negroes every day listening to your
deliberations, doing nothing to support them-
selves, bni. being supported out of the taxcg
levied upon llie white people of the country.
Now, sir, the bill under consideration pro-
poses to enlarge the powers of this bureau : it
does enlarge them wonderfully. I think that
I can demonstrate by mathematical calculation
that this bill gives io the President of the Uni-
ted Siates and to those intrusted with the dis-
charge of its duties, the power of expending at
least S2">0.000,000. As 1 said the other day,
it may not be the iutention of the friends of the
bill that such an enorriious expenditure shall
be incurred, but we are to look at what may be
the result of this bill's going into operation, to
ascertain what the expense may be, and not to
consider that those intrusted with the discharge
of its duties may not incur this expense.
The first section of the bill extends the oper-
ation of the Freedmen's Bureau throughout
the United States, and includes within its pro-
visions all the States of this Union, instead of
letting it be confined, as heretofore, to the States
which were in revolt. Now, sir,-I wish to show
to the Senate and to the country what are the
dangerous powers intrusted to this Freedmen's
Bureau, and to those who shall have the man-
agement of it. You will recollect, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the original bill provided for the ap-
pointment of one Commissioner with a salary
of ยง3,000, with the privilege of having under
him clerks at a certain salary. This bill pro-
vides that there may be districts formed not
exceeding twelve out of the whole number of
States in the Union, and that " there shall be
an assistant commissioner for each district with
like salary." That, as I stated the other day,
would amount to the sum of $36,000. It pro-
vides, also, that these twelve districts may be
subdivided by the President of the United States
so as to make the sub-districts within the whole
limits of the United States one for each county
or parish in the United States.
The number of counties in the United States
is eighteen hundred and seventy-eight I believe,
as corrected by my friend, the Senator from
Kentucky, exclusive of the two new States re-
cently admitted. There being, then, that num-
ber of counties in the United States, and this
bill giving to the President of the United States
the power to appoint an agent for every one of
those counties at a salary of $l,r>00 each, there
would be an expenditure of $2,817,000. Then
there are seventy-two clerks of assistant com-
missioners which this bill provides tor, at $1,200
each, and they would amount to $8(i,4U0. Then
thirty-seven hundred and fifty-eight clerks of
agents, (for the bill gives the power to appoint
these assistant commissioners, these agents, and
elerks for them,) would amount to ยง4,507,000,
making the cost under this bill to the people of
the United States for officers alone $7,442,000.
What a magnificent bill this would be for a
presidential election. With all these agencies
appointed by the Executive of the United States
interested in his reelection, or in the success of
the candidate of the party of which he might be
a member, what a powerful political engine it
would be to operate upon such an election.
But, sir, this is not all the expense that will
be incurred by this bill. Another ..section re-
quires that there shall be three million acres of
land assigned in certain States in the South for
these freedmen; and, mark you, the negro is
a great favorite in the legislation of Congress,
and the bill provides that it shall be "good
land." No land is to be provided for the poor
white men of this country, not even poor land ;
but when it comes to the negro race three mil-
lion acres must be set apart, and it must be
'' good land'' at that. I know that the bill pro-
vides that this land shall be rented to the negio;
but those of you who have observed the thrifti-
ncss and skill with which the negro population
manage their agricultural operations, will find
that when Sambo comes to pay his rent his rent
will be pretty much like the rent of the indi-
vidual wdio, when his landlord called upon him
for his one third of the produce of the farm,
said, ''Sir, 1 did not produce a third." He
will raise nothing to pay the rent. T estimate
the rental value of those three million acres of
your land at. five dollars per aere, and the free
negroes of the country are to be entitled to
Sl-3,000,000 more in the way of rental of lands;
for no one can suppose that their benevolent
and faithful friends of the Republican party will
ever collect any rents from them, least ot all
that any such rents will ever be received into
the Treasury of the United States.
The bill provides that these three million
acres shall be in allotments of forty acres each,
and each l'reedman is to have a farm of good
land of forty acres; and you do not propose
