1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
enemy rather than a secret foe. A secret and
disguised foe is the most contemptible one on
earth. A man playing tlie hypocrite, profess-
ing loyalty to the Government; unprincipled
scoundrels like these*, procuring the arrests of
loyal men in order to obtain largo fees for their
influence to g'et them released; they are des-
picable, contemptible miscreants, and must be
despised.
Now, I would ask gentlemen who are law-
yers to look at this bill. It is manifest, at first
blush, "that it is framed wholly for the purpose
of exonerating lawless men who have com-
mitted crimes; it cannot be explained in any
other way.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conkling] yield to me for a few
moments ?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman state
for what purpose he desires me to yield?
Mr. COOK. I desire to move some verbal
amendments to this first sccfion.
Mr. CONKLING. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER". The motion to recommit
is now ponding.
Mr. COOK. I withdraw the motion to recom-
mit for the purpose of offering some amend-
ments to the first section of this bill. I move
to amend by striking out the words which have
been interlined in the third line, namely, "or
oilier (repasses or wrongs." Also to insert
in line four, after the word "acts." the words
" done or," so that it will read, or any acts
done or omitted to be done," &c. In the sixth
line after the word "by" insert the words
''the President or Secretary of War, or by,"
so that it will then read, "issued by the Pres-
ident or Secretary of War, or by any military
ollicer of the United States," &c. The section
if so amended will read:
That any search, seizure, arrest, or imprisonment
made, done, or committed, or any nets done, oromit-
tcd to bedone dniin^the said icbellion, by any oQiccr
or person under and by vn'ine of any order, written
or verbal, general or special, i.-^ued by the President
or Secretary ot \\ nr. or by any military officer ot the
LnitedMatcs, holding the < oinniand of the depart-
ment, district, or_ place within which such seizure,
search, an ost, or imprisonment, was made, done, or
committed, or any acts u-m'c so nintlled to be done,
either by tile, person or officer to whom [he order is
addressed, or by any other person aiding or assisting
him therein, shall bo held, and are hereby declared,
to eonio within the purview ot' the act to which this
1- amendatory, and within the purview of tiiolburth,
tilth, and sixth sections of said act, for all tho pur-
pose-, ol detente, tiansfei, appeal, error, or limitation
provided therein.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COOK. T now renew the motion to
recommit this biff.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, in per-
forming the great task which the rebellion de-
volved upon iiim, and which he has performed
so ably and so well, the Secretary of War has
incurred very grave personal responsibilities,
and exposed himself to litigations, if not to lia-
bilities, fin' the acts which ho has been com-
pelled to do. Acting in good faith, actingupon
high consideration? connected with the public
good, ho has been compelled fo direct and to
do those acts for which possibly he mayuotin
all cases have that technical warrant which will
exempt him from litigation, ecen though in
the end he can defend himself successfully
against claims which may be made.
And 1 wish lo suggest to the gentleman of
tho Judiciary Committee, who has this bill in
charge, [.Mr. Cook, J and who I think has im-
proved it byt.be amendments which he'has just
offered, that it would lie well still further to
amend in tlie behalf which I suggest, unless the
Judiciary Committee propose by a separate bill
to give the indemnity to which I refer.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will sftate to the
gentleman from Now York that tho Commit-
tee on the Judiciary are now considering a bill
designed to provide the indemnity to which the
gentleman refers. That bill, wo hope, will
afford complete indemnity.
Mr. CONKLING. I am glad to hear that;
and it obviates tlie necc&sity of my detaining
the House upon this question, because I rose
to speak only upon this special point. I will,
however, before taking my seat, suggest to the
distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, as well as to the gentleman who has
this bill in charge, that the amendment just
proposed does not at all obviate the necessity,
which I am glad to know the Judiciary Com-
mittee feels, for reporting such a bill, because,
although the amendment extends to orders,
written or verbal, general or special, issued by
the President of the United States; yet, even
that, as 1 understand, does not in any way
indemnify the Secretary of War.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This amendment
is not introduced for that purpose; we were
entirely aware that this amendment would not
accomplish that object.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt that the
gentleman is aware of that; yet at the same time
I call attention to it, and to the fact that al-
though tho Secretary of War, in what he does,
acts, as has repeatedly been judicially declared,
as an arm of the President, acts constructively
for the President, nevertheless that rests so far
upon the doctrine of general agency that it
would not becovcrcd at all by this language
confining tho indemnity to what is done under
the order, general or special, verbal 01- written,
of the President of the United States.
But, Mr. Speaker, as I have said, the an-
nouncement of the chairman of tho Judiciary
Committee renders it unnecessary and, indeed,
improper that I should say anything more 011
this point. I atn glad to know that the subject
is before the committee, and I, for one, shall
be very happy to vote for a judicious bill to
accomplish the object suggested.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to inquire
of some member of the Judiciary Committee
whether they intend by this bill, or any other
which they may have in preparation, to pro-
vide for such cases as one which I am about
to describe, a case which came to my knowl-
edge about the time of the convening of this
Congress, and which I now state in order to
attract to it the attention of the committee, as
it is one ot a very large class of similar cases.
^ In Grant county, I believe, in the State of
Kentucky, a provost marshal of tho United
States ordered certain citizens to take to the
jail of that county two persons who were ar-
rested and held as notorious guerrillas. While
executing this order tho persons in charge of
those guerrillas, in order to prevent their at-
tempted escape, were obliged lo fire at them;
and by that volley one of the guerrillas was
killed and the other wounded. The persons
who took part in that transaction have been
indicted by the grand jury of the county for
murder in the first degree; and one or two of
them, in order to avoid trial and the convic-
tion which they regarded as inevitable in that
county, have been compelled to escape from
the Stale.
Mr. COOK. What county is that?
Mr. SHffiLLABAUGEll. Grant county, I
think. The papers relating to the case are at
my room. If I had them here I might speak
with more precision.
Now, sir, that act was done in pursuance of
thc^ direct, express order of an officer of the
Lnitcd States; it was done in carrying to jail
guerrillas. ^ h 01- that the persons concerned
have been indicted and are to be tried and
executed under tho laws of Kentucky. I wish
to know whether this bill, 01- any bill which the
committee propose to report, contains a pro-
vision that will meet such a case. If this bill
now stands in tho same form as the printed
copy upon mv desk, it will not, according to
my understanding, roach such a ease.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabargjjr]
allow mo a word?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. I-IARDING, of Kentucky. I desire to
ask _ the gentleman what authority ho has for
stating that those persons will certainly be con-
demned and executed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have the au-
thority, first, of the indictment by a grand jury ;
secondly, the statement of citizens of Grant
county (if that bo the county) who saw me upon
the subject, and who based their statement upon
what they regarded as the state of the public
opinion in that county. I have 110 other au-
thority.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Does not the
gentleman know very well that more than three
fourths of the men indietcd under the laws of
Kentucky are not convicted ? Does he not
know if the party has any ground of objection
to being tried in Grant county he can obtain a
change of venue to another county ? Let 1110
say that the law of Kentucky secures to each
and every man, if there is excitement in one
county, tho right to remove his ease to another
county where there is no excitement. It has
not been denied in any case that I know of.
There is no danger in the caso cited if there
was good cause to suppose these were guerrillas.
If there was probable cause for their arrest, if
there was good cause for shooting them down,
these men need have no fears in Kentucky.
What I complain of in this bill is, that it justi- f
fies arrest and imprisonment where there was
110 probable cause for suspicion. If, as the
gentleman has said, these were notorious guer-
rillas, then I say there is no need, in this way,
to protect those who arrested them. Any pri-
vate citizen, under the common law, has the
right to arrest notorious outlaws.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The facts were
stated to me by what seemed to bo very re-
spectable, truthful, and certainly loyal citi-
zens of Kentucky, one of whom was himself
one of the parties indicted. If I have fallen
into an erroi in regard to Grant county I should
be glad to hear the facts.
1 only rose to bring that as a specimen case
to the attention of the Judiciary Committee. I
wanted to know whether the bill provides for
such cases. As now drawn I think it does
not.
Mr. COOK. I would like to state, in reply
to the gentleman from Ohio, that when the bill
was framed it was supposed a provost marshal
was a military officer, and that his order was
like the order of any other military officer.
This case does not stand alone, as there were
several cases of the same sort brought to the
attention of the Committee on the Judiciary.
It may be the phraseology of the bill may be
amended to meet more fully such eases.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The first section
reads as follows:
That any search, seizure, arrest, or imprisonment
made, done, or committed, during the said rebellion,
by any officer or person under and by \ irtue of any
order, written or verbal, general or special, issued by
any militaiy officer of the Cnited .States, holding tho
command of the department, district, orplaee within
which such seizure, search, arrest, or imprisonment
was made, done, or committed, or any acts were so
omitted to be done, either by the person or officer to
whom the order is addressed, or by any other person
aiding: 01- assisting him therein, shall bo held, and aro
hereby declared, to come within the purview of tho
act to which this is amendatory, and withm the pur-
view of thofourth, fifth, and sixth sections of said act
for 1)11 the purposes of defense, transfer, appeal, error,
or limitation provided therein.
Mr. COOK. The words have been inserted
"or acts omitted to be done."
Mr. ROGERS obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
had expired.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolution
of the folfowingtitles; when tho Speaker signed
tho same:
An act (S. No. 33) in relation to the Court
of Claims; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 84) for the relief
of the sufferers by the late explosion at the
united States arsenal in the District of Col-
umbia.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, as
Mr. Cobb, chairman of the committee, was
about to be absent for some time, appointed Mr.
Trowbridge as a third member of the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills.
