1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
480*
The bill was read at length. It provides that
the net proceeds of the internal revenue of the
Territories ofNebraska,Washington, Colorado,
Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota, for the
fiscal years severally ending on June 30, I860,
June30,18G7,andJune30,1868,besetasideand
appropriated for the purpose of erecting, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
penitentiary buildings in the several Territo-
ries, at such places therein as have been or may
be designated by the Legislatures thereof and
approved by the Secretary of the Interior, pro-
vided the moneys so set aside and appropriated
in each of the Territories shall be devoted ex-
clusively to the erection of a penitentiary in
the Territory in which the same has been and
shall be collected, and not in any other, and
that the same shall not exceed in amount the
sum of $20,000 in the Territory of Washing-
ton, and $40,000 in each of the Territories of
Nebrasks, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona,
and Dakota.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I have been unable
to get this bill before this House at an earlier
day for the reason that it was not reached upon
the Calendar. It is a matter of very great impor-
tance to the Territories and to those who repre-
sent the Territories in this House, and it is ex-
ceedingly necessary that it should be passed.
1 trust there will be no objection to it. I call
the previous question.
Mr. CHAVES. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Bice] yield to allow me to move
to amend by inserting "New Mexico" after
"Colorado?"
Mr. IlICE, of Maine. I cannot yield for
that purpose at this stage of the session.
Mr. CHAVES. "Will the gentleman allow
me to say a few words ?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Certainly; I will yield
to the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr.
Chaves] for five minutes.
Mr. CHAVES. There was an appropria-
tion of $60,000 made in 1861 by the Congress
of the United States to complete the public
buildings in the Territory of New Mexico.
The condition of the appropriation was that
the SCO,000 should finish the buildings. The
buildings were started upon a grand scale;
upon a grander scale, perhaps, than Congress
intended. Still the Secretary of the Treasury
must have approved the plans. The $00,000
was not sufficient, though at the time the ap-
propriation was made it was in gold, for there
was no other legal money of the United States
at the time the appropriation was made. Of
course if that was not enough then in gold, it
is not enough now in currency. Only about
eight thousand dollars of the appropriation has
been expended ; the rest is still in the Treas-
ury ; and if the buildings are left in their pres-
ent condition they will be a total loss to the
Government of the United States; and the
mere pittance of $40,000 which I now ask to
complete those public buildings is nothing at
all compared with what should be given for
such a purpose, if necessary. The gentleman
from Illinois [Sir. Ross] knows the condition
in which those buildings are now.
It should be remembered also that the Terri-
tory of New Mexico was invaded by the confed-
erate forces, and lost some two or three million
dollars in consequence of that raid._ Now, I
appeal to the generosity and liberality of this
House to allow sufficient money to build up these
buildings for my people, who, though they came
into this Union not willingly, but by the for-
tunes of war, and who are a people of foreign
extraction, are and have been as loyal as any
people in the world.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Under my instruc-
tions from the committee, I cannot allow any
amendment to be offered to this bill. I now
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment a bill and a joint
resolution of the House of the following titles:
A. bill (H. R. No. 639) for the relief of Robert
Baldwin; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 193) authoriz-
ing the transmission through the mail free of
postage of certain certificates by the adjutant
general of the State of New Jersey.
committee on ventilation.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as members of the committee on ventilation
of the Hall of the House, authorized by a res-
olution of the House adopted on yesterday:
Messrs. Hent y_J. Raymond of New York,
Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Henry
L. Dawes of Massachusetts, Columbcs Del-
ano of Ohio, and Joiin A. Nicholson of Del-
aware.
committee to codify customs laws.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. James A. Garfield, of Ohio, as
the committee on the part of the House under
the joint resolution of Congress authorizing
the appointment of a joint committee of one
member of each House of Congress to codify
the laws relating to customs.
reissue of tatents.
Mr. MYERS. I ask consent of the House
that my colleague on the Committee on Pat-
ents [Mr. Hubbard, of Connecticut,] be now
allowed to make a report from the Committee
on Patents, which, in consequence of being
absent from his seat, he was not able to make
last night when the committee was called.
No objection was made.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, accord-
ingly reported, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, a bill providing for the reissue of certain
patents ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
the, Commissioner of Patents to receive ap-
plications from Richard A. Vervalen, Samuel
Godfrey Reynolds, John L. White, and Hor-
ace L. Emery, respectively, for an extension
of their respective patents, issued in 1852, and
to hear and determine such applications upon
their respective merits, the same as if thetime
for such applications had not elapsed ; provided,
however, that no person or persons who may
have made use of tire improvements specified
in such patents, or any of them, since the time
of the expiration of said patents respectively,
shall be held liable to any person or persons
whatever for such use.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I can
explain this matter in about three minutes and
a half. All these patents were issued in ] 852,
to run for the period of fourteen years. At
the time they were issued the law was so that
an application for the extension of a patent
could be made at any time before sixty^days
prior to the expiration of the patent. Ihese
patentees, supposing they were governed by
that law, made their application withm the
time specified by the law as it existed at the
period when their patents wpre issued. "When
they came before the Commissioner of Patents
they learned for the first time that in 18(U the
law was changed, making the limit^ of time
ninety days instead of sixty days. 1 he law
was changed without their knowledge, and now
they come to Congress asking for relief irom
the consequences of this oversight, on their
part. They are not to blame for it. ^ Indeed
it may be a question whether in equity^ they
had not a right to rely upon the law as it ex-
isted at the time they obtained their patents,
and that the contract made with them by the
Government would be carried out. I now call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and it was accoTdingly
read the third time and passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
publication of bounty law.
Mr. LYNCH submitted the following reso-
lution : which was referred to the Committee
on Printing under the law:
Ilesolved. That thero be printed for the use r.f the
House of Representatives ten thousand eopies extra
of the bill of the House No. 737, including the pro-
vision for equalizing bounties to soldiers, &o.
vote on civil appropriation rill.
Mr. DELANO. I ask leave of the House •
to record my vote upon agreeing to the report
of the second committee of conference on the
civil appropriation bill. I desire to vote in the
negative ; J understand that will not affect the
result.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will not object if I am
allowed the same privilege.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the rules be
suspended, in order that I may record my vote.,
The question was taken, and two thirds cot
voting in the affirmative the rules were not
suspended.
Mr. DELANO. I will only say that had I
been able to be here I should have voted in the
negative.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to state that I
left the Hall at four o'clock this morning,
after having voted against the report of the
first committee of conference, with the un-
derstanding that the second committee of
conference would not be likely to make a re-
port for some hours. If I had been here when
their report was acted upon I should have voted
in the negative.
recess of the house.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that thello.ise now
take a recess, subject to thecal! of the Speaker.
Mr. JOHNSON. Would it not be better to
take a recess until some definite time?
Air. MORRILL. I will modify my motion
so as to' take a recess until two o'clock, sub-
ject to being previously called together by the
Speaker.
Mr. CONKLING. I would inquire of the
Chair to what hour, in his opinion, the House
might safely take a recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin- '
ion that the House might safely take a recess
until three o'clock. It will depend somewhat
upon the action of the President in regard to
the bills presented to him for his signature.
Mr. MORRILL. I will modify my motion
to take a recess until two o'clock, and that the
Speaker be authorized, in the mean time, to
take the chair to receive messages from the
Senate and the President, and to sign enrolled
bills reported from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
by striking out "two o'clock" and inserting
" three o'clock."
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Morrill, as amended,
was then agreed to.
And the House accordingly (at twelve o clock
m) took a recess until three o'clock p. m.
During the recess, the following messages
from the Senate and reports from the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills were received:
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney ,
its Seeretaiy, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 165) to prevent the further enforce-
ment of the joint resolution No. 77, approved
July 4, 1804. against officers and soldiers of the
United States who have been honorably dis-
charged. so as lo relieve them from the further
