1866:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2387
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Oil' motion of Mr. WELKER, the title was
■amended so as to read, " An act to incorporate
the National Theological Institute."
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed and the title
amended ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
levy court of washington county.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back bill of
the Senate No 90, enlarging, the powers of the
levy court of the county of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill empowers the levy court of the
cflunty of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, to declare and locate as public high-
ways such roads known and used as "military
roads" in the District of Columbia during the
rebellion, as the court may deem advisable.
It provides further, that the damages which
the owners of land may sustain shall be assessed
as provided for in section three of the act of
Congress approved July 1, 1812, "conferring
certain powers on the levy court for the county
of Washington, in the District of Columbia."
Mr. WILSON, ol' Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman from Illinois what provision the law
of 1812 makes for«the payment of the damages
when assessed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It makes provision that
the damages be assessed by a jury of'twelve
citizens of the vicinage, and the money is to
be paid before the use of the road is entered on.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. From what source
do they get the fund from which to pay the
damages? .
Mr. INGERSOLL. Prom the fund raised
by the county taxes out of the county treasury.
No part of it comes out of the Government
funds.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reform school in tiib district of columbia
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
sundry amendments, bill of the House No.
379, to establish in the District of Columbia a
reform school for boys.
The bill was read.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over.
military academy appointments.
Mr. PAINE. I have so modified the joint
resolution which I offered this morning that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
has withdrawn his objection, and I notv ask
unanimous consent to introduce it.
The joint resolution, as modified, was read,
as follows:
Be it resolvedly the Senate and Ilauxc of Representa-
tives, &e., That all pel,-ons who have peiformed mer-
itorious services as officers or enlisted men in the
Army of the United States for a period of not less
than two years during the late rebellion, shall, if
possessing the other qualifications now preserved
by law, be eligible to be appointed to the Military
Academy of the United States until twenty-four
years ot age; and all persons who have peiformed
such servieesfor a period of lees than two yearsshall,
if possessing the other qualifications now prescribed
by law, be eligible to appointment to said Military
Academy until twenty-three years of age.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was received and read a first and second
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. I like it as far as it goes, but
I think it ought to go further.
Mr. PAINE. The only objection I have to
the reference is, that unless this joint resolu-
tion is soon passed, candidates who are begt
qualified of all may be ineligible for the appoint-
ments to be made before the 1st of next July
on account of age. A case of that kind may
occur in my own district.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to my friend that he ask leave for the commit-
tee to report at any time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I promise him that it shall
be reported back within three days, if the House
will allow.
Mr. GARFIELD. The appointments are
not to be made until the 1st of July.
Mr. Schenck's motion was agreed to; and
the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
the committee to report it back at any time.
baltimore and ohio railroad.
Mr. McCULLOUGH, by unanimousconsent,
introduced a bill to authorize the extension,
construction, and use by the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company of a railroad from between
Knoxville and the Monocacv Junction into and
within the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
general of the united states army.
Mr. DEMING called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 3, reported
back from the Committee on Military Affairs
with an amendment, ordered to be printed, and
the further consideration postponed to Tues-
day, the 17th day of April, and made a special
order after the morning hour.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the grade of " General of the Army
of the United States" be, and the same is
hereby, revived ; and the President is hereby
authorized, whenever he shall deem it expe-
dient, to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, a General of the Army
of the United States, to be selected from among
those officers in the military service of the
United States most distinguished for courage,
skill, and ability, who being commissioned as
General may be authorized, under the direction
and during the pleasure of the President, to
command the armies of the United States.
The second section provides that the pay and
emoluments of the General commissioned as
hereinbefore provided shall be increased one
half in amount, whether in money or in kind,
over and above the amount allowed to a lieu-
tenant general; and the said General may
appoint upon his staff sueh number of aids, not
exceeding six, as he may judge proper, who
shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a
colonel of cavalry ; and the chief of staff to the
Lieutenant General shall, during the existence
of this act, be the chief of staff to the General.
The third section provides that whenever any
general shall have been appointed and commis-
sioned under the provisions of this act, if there-
after the office shall become vacant, this act
shall thereupon expire-and remain no longer
in force.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs was read, as follows:
Strike out all of section two, after the enacting
clause, and the wholeof section three, and insert the
following in lieu thorcof:
Thatthepayproperof1heGener.il shall be $400per
month, and his allowances in all other respects shall
be the same as were allowed to the Lieutenant Gen-
eral by the second section of the act approved Feb-
ruary 29,1864, entitled "An aet reviving the grade of
lieutenant general in the United States Army,'1 and
the said General may scleet for his chief of staff a
brigadiergcncralfrom amorgthe offieersof the Army
holding that rank: and may appoint upon his staff
sueh number of aids, not execedme: six, as ho may
judge proper, who shall each linvetho rank, pay, and
emoluments of a colonel of cavalry.
The question was upon agreeing to, the amend-
ment.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Demixg]
whether the amendment proposed by the Mili-
tary Committee increases the pay of the officers
of the Army above what it was during the war.
Mr. DEMING. The amendment proposed
by the committee decreases very materially
the pay provided by the bill originally referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.- It makes
the pay of general but $180 per month, or
$1,560 per year, more than that of lieutenant
general: and if the gentleman had waited a
few moments he would have heard the expla-
nation of all the provisions of the bill which I
propose to give the House.
Mr. LE BLOND. I should be glad to hear
the reasons for the increase of pay.
Mr. DEMING. I call the previous question
upon the amendment of the' Committee on
Military Affairs.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered;. and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to bo engrossed and read athird time.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman permit
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. DEMING. I will hear it read".
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to offer the follow-
ing as a proviso:
Provided, That whenever a vacancy shall occur
in the office of lieutenant general, by promotion or
otherwise, the vacancy shall not be filled until after
the death or resignation of Lieutenant General Win-
field Scott; and thereafter thore shall be but one
lieutenant general.
Mr. DEMING. I think tiie amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] will tend very seriously to em-
barrass this bill. And as he can have an oppor-
tunity of offering that same amendment to.
another military bill which will provide for the
office of lieutenant general, I would prefer that
he reserve it until then.
Mr STEVENS. If I thought for a moment
that the amendment I propose would tend to
embarrass this bill, I would not offer it. But it
is for the purpose of making the bill more likely
to satisfy the House that I have offered it.
Mr. DEMING. Very well; lam perfectly
willing that the sense of the House shall be
taken upon the amendment.
The question was upon the amendment pi-o-
posed by Mr. Stevens.
Mr. DEMING. Mr. Speaker, the bill, as
amended upon recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, is so plain in its pro-
visions and in its purpose that it hardly requires
a formal explanation, and I certainly should
not enter into one on this occasion except for
certain objections made to uie in private con-
versation which indicate that members misap-
prehend not only the limitations of this amended
bill but also the previous legislation of Congress
upon the grade of general.
The bill, as amended, creates the grade of
general as a permanent part of the military
establishment of this country. It provides also
for his allowances, his staff, and his pay. The
allowances in this bill to a general and the staff
are precisely those which are provided in the
bill creating the grade of lieutenant general.
The pay proper, that is to say, the money pay,
of the General is increased by this bill over that
of a lieutenant general from $270 per-month,
which is now the pay of a lieutenant general, to
$400 per month; thereby increasing the pay of
a general over that of a lieutenant general $130
per month, or $1,560 per year.
The monthly receipts of the Lieutenant Gen-
eral now, from all sources under the act creat-
ing the office, are $1,840. The monthly receipts
of the General from all sources under this bill
will be $1,470—making the increased pay of
the General over that of the Lieutenant General,
as I have already stated, $130 per month. The
yearly receipts of the Lieutenant General from
all sources, including allowances, commuta-
tions, rations, forage, and every thing, are
$16,080 per annum. The yearly receipts of the
General from all sources, under this bill, will
be $17,640, an increase of S3,560 per annum
in favor of'the General overthe Lieutenant Gen-
eral. And this is the sole increase of pay or
emoluments or allowances or rations or any
thing else proposed by the. bill which I am
instructed to report.
In the second session of the Fifth Congress,
