1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to put the negro upon his little farm of forty-
acres without a house to live in, because your
bill provides in another section that they shall
be provided with shelter. Then, after hav-
ing given him forty acres of good land to live
upon, what will it cost to build a very moderate
dwelling-house, with necessary out-houses, for
this favorite of the legislation of Congress? Not
less than $300, because the negro race now
think, at least, that they are eqnal to the white
race, and they have a right to believe, consid-
ering the legislation of Congress and the lauda-
tion which we hear everyday of them, that they
are a little better. The erection of these build-
ings will require an additional expenditure of
$22,500,000. Sir, the time was when it was said
that a white man, provided he behaved himself,
was as good as a negro; but, looking at the
legislation of Congress and the tone of the pub-
lic press of the northern States, I think we shall
have to come to the conclusion that even if the
white man does behave himself, he is not quite
as good as the negro, for you find no bills intro-
duced in Congress to furnish homes and houses
to the white men of this country, whether poor
or rich.
But, sir, this is not the only expense. You
say in this bill that these negroes shall be fur-
nished with provisions, medicines, &c. When
you look around upon your own galleries and
see the free negroes who are living out of the
bounty of the Freedmen's Bureau sitting here
every day witnessing your deliberations, do you
suppose that the freedmen contemplated by
this bill tire going to work when others who are
living out of the Freedmen's Bureau are wit-
nessing every day the proceedings of Congress?
Certainly not. I estimate, then, that to these
four million freedmen you would have to give
the small sum of fifty dollars each; and that
would be a very small sum. This would require
a further expenditure of $200,000,000.
Your bill does not stop there; but this en-
franchised race'must be schooled: and your
bill provides that there shall be school-houses,
ay, and asylums, too, erected for tliem. I sup-
pose that of the freedmen of the United Stai es
there will be nearly a million, including the
children and those who are grown, who need
schooling, and whom it willbo necessary to edu-
cate ; and. mark you, the extent of the supplies
is left discretionary with the Commissioner; he
may expend this money at his discretion. Well,
sir, how many pupils will there bo, and how
many school-houses will bo required? I sup-
pose, first, there will be a million pupils, young
and old, of this whole race; and I suppose it
would cost twenty dollars each to school them.
Thai, would take S20.000,000. I suppose it
would take thirty thousand school-houses, and
your bill authorizesthebuildingof these houses,
and that each school will cost $300. Hero is
an additional item of expense amounting in the
aggregate to the sum of $9,000,000.
Then, after the negro has his house built for
him and his forty acres of land allotted to him,
ho has not the means, you tell us, of providing
for himself; his farm must be stocked, and
your bill, under the clause for ''furnishing the
necessary provisions," gives the power to stock
it. What will that cost? I suppose it will cost
$300 to each of the seventy-fi\ e thousand farms,
which will amount to the further trilling sum of
$22,500,000.
Thus, sir, we sec that the amount of expend-
iture authorized under the provisions of this
bill, or tlie loss to the Government under it,
may be no less than $29o,000,000, and can-
not Reasonably be supposed to be less than
$250,000,00(1.
These, briefly, are some of my objections to
this bill; but it is coupled with another bill
which we are told is to be passed as soon as this
shall have been carried through the Senate.
That is a bill (No. '>1) "to protect all persons
in the United States in their civil rights, and
furnish the means of their vindication.'' The
power to pass this bill, I suppose, is claimed to
exist undei'the second clause of the act amend-
atory of the Constitution abolishing slavery,
that section providing that Congress may, by
appropriate legislation, carry that amendment
into effect. And now, sir, here comes the most
dangerous bill of the two. It declares;
''That-thereshallbeno discrimination m civil rights
or immunities among the inhabitants of any State or
Territory of the United States on account ot race, color,
or previous condition of slavery; but the inhabitants
of every race and color, without regard to any pre-
vious condition of slavery or involuntary servitude,
except as a punishment for crime whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted, shall have the same
right to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties
and give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell,
hold, and convey real and personal property, and to
full and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for
the security of person and property, andshallbe sub-
ject to like punishment, pains, and penalties, and to
none other, any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or
custom to the contrary notwithstanding."
For the first time in the history of the legis-
lation of this country it is attempted by Con-
gress to invade the States of this Union, and
undertake to regulate the law applicable to
their own citizens. The authority to enact
such a law is claimed under the second section
of the act providing for the amendment of the
Constitution. Can it be possible that any per-
son can conceive that under that section such
an extensive power as that now claimed is act-
ually given? By it Congress was authorized
' !by appropriate legislation'' to carry the amend-
ment into effect. What was the amendment?
An amendment abolishing the status or con-
dition of slavery, which is nothing but a status
or condition which subjects one man to the
control of another, and gives to that other the
proceeds of the former's labor. Cannot that
amendment be carried into effect, and the
status of freedom established, without exer-
cising such a power as this? I say here, as I
have said before, that when that constitutional
amendment was under consideration in this
Chamber, there was no friend of the measure
who claimed or avowed that such a power as
this existed in Congress under it. This bill
goes on and provides for the punishment of—
"Any person who under color of anv law, statute,
ordinance, regulation, or custom, >h;i 11 subject or
to be subjected any inhabitant of any State ur lYni-
tory to the deprivation of any ri^ht secured or pi o-
tceted by this act, or todili'ereiit punishment, pains, or
penalties on account ot such person bavins at any
time been bold in a condition of slavery or involun-
tary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, or
by reason of his color or race, than is presciibed for
the punishment of white persons."
It declares that that shall be a misdemeanor,
and shall subject the party so offending to a
fine not exceeding$l,000, or imprisonment not
exceeding one year, or both, in the discretion
of the court. It then by its provisions gives
the power to commissioners, to bo appointed
by the court, to cause to be arrested, and to
appoint agents who may cause to be arrested,
any persons who shall violate its provisions, and
it rewards each commissioner, the number ot
whom is to bo increased, with a fee of ten dol-
lars for every case he shall hear, and every
agent who shall cause any person to be arrested
is to receive the sum of five dollars for his trou-
ble, and other additional costs if ho shall incur
any. When the fugitive sla^s e law was under
discussion, because there was a provision in it
giving to the commissioner a-fce for his decis-
ions under that law, a wonderful clamor was
raised throughout the country by gentlemen
who are now in favor of this bill in reference to
the horrid provision of the fugitive slave law in
this respect. But, sir, the fugitive, slave law
had reference to negroes and this bill to the pun-
ishment of white men. This liill provides that
the determination of questions arising under it, j
and under the bill establishing the Freedmen's '
Bureau, shall not be heard and determined bv
the State courts, but shall bo takeij from the
State courts and given to the district courts of
the United States. This bill authorizes the ar-
rest and imprisonment of any and every white
man in the United States who may be charged
with the violation of any right attempted to be
secured by it to a negro, and offers a bounty of
five dollars to any miserable wretch who shall
make the arrest. Can infamy in legislation go
further? One only step, and this bill takes it,
for it denies a trial to the accused in the courts
of his State.
But to return to the bill to enlarge the powers
of the Freedmen's Bureau.
What are the arguments presented in favor of
this bill? Ihaveheard none attempted,except by
on e Senator, upon this floor, and that was the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. TRratBTjLL,.)
The Senator from Illinois argues tie right to
make the appropriation, contained in this bill
from the fact that we have made appropriations
for the Indians; on the ground, also, that this
class of people has been thrown upon us by the
results of the war, and are incapable of protect-
ing themselves; and he claims for it authority
under that provision of the Constitution which
gives Congress the right to declare war, to raise
and support armies, and to maintain a navy.
He says it is not designed for times of peace,
but that it is a branch of the War Department,
and is meant only for times of war; and we are
told by that honorable Senator that the war has
not ceased, although hostilities have ceased;
and he quotes in support of that view the dec-
laration of the honorable Attorney General of
the United States, who admits, in the opinions
he gave, that hostilities have ceased, but says
the war has not ceased. I should like to inquire
what is war but a state of hostilities; and if a
state of hostilities does not exist how can there
be war? Is it a war of words? I thought war
meant the meeting in deadly array upon the
field of battle; and I never had the idea before
that it was possible for a war to exist between
two nations or two people when there were in
fact no hostilities.
But, sir, the President of the United States,
the highest executive officer of your Govern-
ment, has said to you in a message delivered
here that the war has ceased and that civil gov-
ernment is now in operation in all the seceded
States. Even this bill, whatever may be the
theories of some of the members of the dom-
inant party, treats all the States that assumed
to secede from the Union as existing members
of tlu; Union, and proposes to legislate in a dif-
ferent manner for States, which the bill upon
its face admits to lie Stales in the Union, from
what it does in reference to other States in the
Union. When was it overheard of before that
the Congress of the United States had. in ref-
erence to some States of the Union, they ad-
mitting them to be States in the Union, more
comprehensive legislative power than they had '
in reference to others? If they be States in the
Union, how does it happen that they are States
with unequal rights and unequal privileges?
Do we hear of any such thing as that m the Con-
stitution of the United States? Is any such sen-
timent as that to be found in the writings of any
of the founders of the Government? No, sir;
it is a modern doctrine. The war is to be con-
sidered as continuing for certain purposes, and
for none other; the States are to be considered
as in the Union for certain purposes, and not
in the Union for other purposes; and it was
foreshadowed yesterday in thespeech of the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts^ [.Mr.
WilsoxJ that when he procured additional
guarantees, and when the objects and aims of
the parly of which he is so distinguished a leader
shall be more fully accomplished, then these
States are to be represented in this Chamber
and a general amnesty proclaimed. Sir. if the
Slates which assumed to secede be States in
the. Union,'as is contemplated by this bill itself,
where have you the right to exclude them from
an equal representation on this floor? The Con-
stitution of the United States declares that each
State shall be entitled to two Senators in Con-
gress. If, then, they bo States in the Union,
what right is there in this body to exclude them
; from representation? None whatever.
! J pass by, therefore, the argument of the lion-
| orable Senator, that this legislation is to be jus-
1 tilled under that provision of the Constitution
! which gives to Congress the power to declare
I war. Sir, your Compilation never did give to
: Congress the power to declare war against any
' State of this Union, and wheu the ivord is used
! and the power named in the Constitution, it is
| meant only to apply to the power of Congress
1 to declare war against a foreign Power.
