1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
to withdraw from business uses and general
circulation, in part or in whole, $27,523,784
of fractional currcncy and $ 423,435,373 legal
tenders, and to exchange or sell five-twenty
bonds to that vast aggregated amount, checked,
limited, restrained in no sense or manner save
by his discretion and the harmless enunciation
that the proceeds thereof are only to be used for
retiring Treasury notes or obligations. Now,
"while I yield to no one in respect for the finan-
cial tact, confidence in the ability, personal and
official integrity of the present able and most
acceptable Secretary of the Treasury, I sub-
mit, sir, is it the part of wisdom, in time of
peace, unnecessarily to devolve the exercise of
such power upon the discretion of any one of-
ficer of the Government? Under this bill his
absolute control of the currency, and of course
of the business and the fortunes of men and of
the country, is perfectly tremendous.
Nccker, upon whose successful administra-
tion of the public finances in the antecedent
convulsions of the French Revolution sus-
pended the fate of the King and of the em-
pire, wielded no such powers as are couchant
in this bill of the committee. Pitt, who, as
First Lord of the Treasury, for nineteen years
rulcd_ Parliament and sovereign with an un-
questioned sway,
"Wlien Europo paled before the maddened Gaul/'
never asked nor exercised such vast discretion
and power over the business of men, ovei the
prosperity and honor of a realm, as this bill
proposes to bestow upon the Secretary of the
Treasury, whoever may chance to be that offi-
cer. _ I repeat, this is not a personal but an
official trust^and as such is exposed to all the
mutations of life and of>otlice. As a princi-
ple and a precedent, it is not merely question-
able, it is dangerous, except, established under
the duress of direst necessity. No such a
necessity has been or will bo pretended.
Again, suppose, under this bill, large amounts
of tlieso^bonds are sold for coin or lawful
money ol the United States, and the Secre-
tary tails, or for any reason finds it inexpe-
dient, to purchase in any of these outstanding-
obligations, is it desirable the Secretary or the
Government should hold large sums of money
carrying no interest ? With heavy outstanding
liabilities in the. way of requisitions, temporary
loans, special deposits, &c., 1 admit the Treas-
ury should be kept strong and the Secretary
should have funds " well in hand'' at all times,
but is there not, or should there not be, a limit
to this unproductive accumulation? The pay-
ment of the temporary loan at once and the
discontinuance ot that species of indebtedness,
or it continued on, only at a very low rate of
interest, certainly would meet the approbation
of the host business men and financiers in all
our commercial centers. But, leaving this
consideration, can it bo the wish and the in-
tention of the committee to place the whole
Government currency of the country and the
$1,200,000,000 of Government obligations at
the boclr, not, be it remembered, of Hugh
McCulloch, but, of a Secretary of the Treas-
ury? The bill undeniably does this. It may
turn out well it enacted into a law ; and all is
well that, ends well. Nevertheless, it is a dan-
gerous experiment; would be as a war expe-
dient; as a peace measure, can it be justified
in view of any existing or probable appre-
hended exigency?
The committee's^ bill contains yet another
anomal) at least it is such in our past finan-
cial policy. It has a pru\iso declaring "that
the bonds which maybe disposed of elsewhere
than in the United States, may be made pay-
able, both principal and interest, in the com
or currency,'' and territory of a foreign coun-
try. Surely such an innovation is entitled to
careful examination and consideration before
it is adopted.
Four years we have waged a terrific and
costly war, the theater of which was spread
over many degrees of latitude and longitude.
During its continuance we brought into the
field from the nineteen loyal States east of the
Kocky mountains, including the soldiers of
West Virginia and the District of Columbia,
2,010,077 men. Doubtless the eight Federal
Territories and the remaining fifteen States,
"as was and as is," would swell the Federal
forces full up to 3,000,000 men. These troops
were better appointed, better supplied in all
the departments and branches of the service,
than those of any other nation or time whereof
history has made a record. We built and
equipped and manned such a navy as never
floated before. We promised and we paid
soldiers and sailors larger bounties and higher
wages ; while in hospital and camp and active
service we fed and clothed and cared far them
better; and when peace came we paid off and
mustered out our vast levies quicker than was
ever before attempted; and all, all, without
going abroad to make a loan of a dollar. Why
must the expedient now be resorted to, now
when large war expenditures have ceased,
when we are no longer in the attitude of a
necessitous borrower, when anxiety and fore-
boding have given place to stability and assur-
ance? Is there a necessity sufficiently urgent
and imminent to justify so grave a depart-
ure from our past policy or present self-con-
sideration, not to say the proprieties of our
national pride and honor? If there is, let it
be pointed out. We shall be told, as such
bonds arc only to carry five per cent, interest,
there wili be a saving of one per cent, interest
to the Treasury. Grant it. Is that modicum
a sufficient expiation for the violation of that
American sentiment, familiar round all our
hearth-stones, " Millions for defense, not a
cent for tribute?"
We cannot be oblivious of the fact that such
change in oar bonds is to be made, if made, to
induce foreign capitalist's to invest in them;
the very capitalists, perchance, that but yester-
day watched for our halting and hoped our
overthrow.
But aside from such a general, perhaps too
purely, patriotic consideration, how much will
the saving be? The last foreign advices put
United States five-twenties in the London mar-
ket at 71 and a fraction. Continental prices
did not very much differ. Interest in coin
semi-annually, on the full face of the bond,
ultimate payment of the full face in coin, make
a pretty dear, I should say, expensive loan. If
kept at home, and our own country and citizens
have the benefit and profits, we can see, and, I
think bear, the operation with a better grace.
Permit me in this connection to read a brief
extract from a letter addressed to me last month.
It emanates from one of the able men and
sound thinkers of a past generation. Enjoy-
ing " a green old age," with natural force un-
abated, though by irreparable misfortune there
is no longer speculation in his gaze upon out-
ward objects, yet within that head of a god
there still dwells a mind unimpaired, keen and
bright as Ithuriel's spear, observantand watch-
ful of all that pertains to the welfare and pros-
perity of his country:
"By a just and equitable system of taxation, secure
the prompt payment of the interest in gold and silver
in Mew lork, and as much ot your stock will eo
abioad as is desirable. It is better for the people of
this- country who areto be heavily taxed for the next
halt century, to pay six or oven seven percent, on the
bonds ill the hands of our own people, than to crowd
our debt into the Si amis of foreigners by any financial
contrivance, to be returned upon us at every panic."
Mr. CONKLING. If my colleague has no
objection, I would like to know the name of
the writer of that letter.
Mr. HLJLBURD. The name of the writer
was familiar to all New York once. It is Aza-
riah C. Flagg, once comptroller of the State
of New York.
What with fiscal agencies established abroad
to negotiate loans, to keep transfer books,
insurance, freight, commissions, coin brought
back, coin remitted, or purchase of bills of
exchange to pay interest, etc., how much will
be loft of the one per cent, margin difference
ot interest? Scarce enough, we may be sure
to lacquer over the humiliation of a great
nation going abroad and crying to its commer-
cial compeers and rivals, "Help me, Cassius,
or I sink!"
How often have we been vauntingly told that
we are a great, independent people, destined
erelong to be the nation of the world? What
with our telegraph wires and our railroads,
stretching across the continent: our steam-
ships bringing home "the wealth of Ormuz
ana of Ind" from every soil and clime, for use
and merchandise, we have verily believed that
our emporium cities were to be the marts of
trade, that here were to be the clearing-house
and money exchanges of the commerce of the
world.
Waiving, however, the propriety of all such
considerations and even expectations, is it
quite certain that our hat-in-hand application
wili be successful ? Would a five per cent, loan
now probably be well received? While at
present I attach no especial importance to the
reported discoveries of our consul general at
Montreal, that such an animus exists as would
gladly concoct and carry out such a scheme,
and perhaps now only awaits a fitting oppor-
tunity to vent itself, I can easily conceive as
quite probable.
But from a mere financial stand-point, what
is the prospect? In England the bank rate of
interest last month was sharp eight per cent.,
and our five-twenties were quoted at 6G to 07.
The first day of this month the interest rate was
lowered to seven, and Federal five-twenties
advanced to 71 and a fraction. Something of
this advance, no doubt, is due to our financial
exhibits, more to a distrust of the stability of
the English funds, caused by the Fenian excite-
ment. Even with this adventitious and at
best, temporary aid, granting that our monthly
statements continue, as we expect they will,
favorable, can we reasonably anticipate success
for a five per cent, foreign loan ? We now have
such a loan ; and it is, and has always been,
far below par: indeed, "a heavy flat" upon
the market. If foreigners can send their capi-
tal here and get six per cent, for its use, and
the one per cent, of difference is not absorbed
in commissions, transmissions, <fcc., assuredly
they will find it out, and do it as quickly and
as economically as our Treasury agents. But
suppose it is authorized and tried—and if it is
not to be tried it should not be authorized; for,
in iny judgment, the less we have of needless,
contingent, uncertain, discretionary grants of
power, the better—suppose, I say, the loan
should be put upon the market, and neglected?
We have hawked our credit in vain. Or suo-
pose, contrary to probabilities, any apprecia-
ble quantity of it should be taken to that extent,
have we not multiplied and supplied bands and
withes in hands that m the future as in the past
will not be slow to make use thereof to cripple
and to bind us ?
Instead of legislating to increase the accept-
ability of our bonds abroad, we may yet see a
day when we shall regret inducements had not
been stronger and more prevalent to keep them
at home. In this connection, perhaps, an item
in the financial history of the State of New York
may not be unworthy of consideration. Be-
tween the years 1825 and 1835, when that. State
for those times was creating and carrying a large
canal debt, the commissioners having its man-
agement in charge wqrcrepeatedly importuned
to make the interest on the State loans pavable
specifically abroad. They steadily refused.
What followed? Depreciation? Neglect? Em-
barrassment? Not at all. In January, 1833,
the redemption of the canal debt was com-
menced by paying a premium of nine per cent,
on the six per cent, stocks due in .July, 1837 ;
eighteen per cent, premium was paid 'on five
P°r cent, slocks due in 1S45, and twenty-two
to twenty-four per cent, premium Hvas finally
paid to anticipate by ten years the payment of
six per cents due in 184-5.
Did foreigners neglect these stocks because
principal and interest were made payable at
home? In 1834 it appeared of $5,622,(15!) of
one species of stock outstanding, foreigners held
$4,102,975.
Neither the time, nor the instincts of men,
nor the_channels of trade and of exchanges,
are so widely divergent from the past that spe-
