THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
But, sir, the honorable "Senator says that the
war continues because the President of the
United States has refused to make proclama-
tion that there shall be an end to the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus. If that be true,
then it is in the pow.er of the President of the
United States to continue a war simply by
withholding a proclamation declaring that the
suspension of* the writ of habeas corpus no
longer exists. The argument is not worthy of
a serious .answer, however respectable -and
learned the source from whence it coines. But
as I have mentioned that-matter, I will take
occasion, to repeat what I have said before, that
the former -President of the United States, in
my judgment, never had at any time any author-
ity to suspend the writ of habeas corpus. It is
true the Congress of the United States passed
an act authorizing him to suspend it, but that
■was delegating a power to the President of the
United States- which could only be exercised
by themselves.
But, sir, if this war has not ceased where is
the evidence of its continuance? Does a hostile
foot tread the soil oi the United States to-day?
Is there an armed foe within all your borders?
Not one. Peace is within all our borders. Your
foes have been subdued, have submitted, and
calmly acquiesce in the will of the victor. When
in reorganizing their State government s unrea-
sonable and unwarranted exactions were made
of them by the executive authority they yielded
to them without a murmur, and performed every
act which they conld reasonably suppose would
be required of them. Still, sir, tlxcy are met
in this and the other Hall of Congress witii a
letimal to allow their participation in legisla-
tion, notwithstanding they are subjected to tax-
ation, the worst species of tyranny, and which
led to and justified onr great American dev-
olution ; and we are modestly told t hat they are
to give further and irreversible guarantees for
their good behavior in the future. If such a
guarantee be the granting by them of the elect-
ive franchise to the negro race, I frankly say
that whatever thijy may do, if I were placed in
like circumstances, I never would give it.
Wo were told by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson'] yesterday that the
party in power have a great mission to per-
form, and those who were opposed to its ob-
jects and its aims had only to stand out of the
way and Set it accomplish its purpose. lie. re-
ferred to tin: fact how the Whig party had gone
down under this modern spiiit. which actuates
the parly to which he belongs, how the Dem-
ocratic party has been overthrown, and how
his party is now on the high-road to success.
Ilo told us of the wonderful things that it has
accomplished. He told us that it had lifted
and raised this country in the eyes of all Chris-
tian people to I he very heights of heaven in
comparison to the position which it sustained
before.
Sir, what lias his parly done ? This party of
ye-ili'rtlay, with no record except during the
last five or six veai's, when i! came into power,
found a united country exlending from ocean
to ocean, and from the frozen regions of the
north (o the sunny plains of the south. Jt
found the Government administered at an ex-
pense to the people of this whole country of
only some sixty or seventy million dollars, it
found peace, happiness, and contentment every-
where. No foreign nation insulted your Hag.
No foreign minister said to your Secretary of
State and to your President, " Send a ship-of-
war, and put on boa; done of our vessels two
men whom you have wrongfully taken from
them.'^ There was no sound of arms within
the limits of the whole country. This Repub-
lican party succeeded to power, and what has
occurred? They foresaw that their policy, if
pursued, would lead to a temporary, if not a
final disruption of the American Union. They
had the power in their hands to prevent the.
efjn-eon ol a single drop of blood. Thevwere
b-'Mineht by the people. North and South, Ka-t
and U est, f;> prevent the effusion of blood. I
Tn-v were deaf to ail the calls of their coun- |
trymen, and they, uniting with meu whose pas- i
sions their course had aroused, plunged this
country in all the horrors of a civil war. Nearly
a million of your countrymen, North and South,
have fallen a sacrifice to the triumph and the
success of the principles of the Kepubliean
party, and a debt of $4,000;000,000 now weighs
down .the industry of the American people.
Every house has been clothed in mourning;
every eye almost has been dimmed with tears.
That has been the penalty that the American
people have paid for the success and the tri-
umph to which the Senator alluded.
Sir, that is not all that his party has done.
There is not a constitutional right of the people
of this country that his party has not invaded,
either through its Executive or its Congress,
or some one of its departments or branches.
Sir, be it spoken to the credit of the Democratic
party, that while it was in jower, no man,
howeverhumble, within the limits of the United
States was ever arrested or tried except accord-
ing to law; no single newspaper was ever sup-
pressed ; no domicile of the humblest citizen
was ever invaded. All these violations of the
constitutional rights of the people of the Slates
have taken place since the ascendency of the
party to which the Senator belongs to power.
But, Mr. President, I ana not surprised that
the honorable Senator should profess to have
no unkind feelings toward the southern people.
I am not surprised that he should be willing,
-not only in the kindness of his heart, "but in the
coolness of his judgment, to grant a general
amnesty when ho can receive a few more guar-
antees. Secession is not a doctrine of south ern
origin, and well may the Senator feel lio un-
kindnoss for pupils, those who believed in it.
Whore did secession have its origin? In the
South? No, sir. If an ex-President of the
United States from the Senator's own State is a
credible witness, there existed within the limits
of his own State, and of his own dear New Kng-
landj which 1 shall not attack, for it is not my
province to say an unkind word against any of
the States of this Union, and I do not presume
to do so—-but if John Quincy Adams bo a cred-
ible witness, there existed, as far back as 1803
and 180-1, a design among leading men in the
section of country from which the Senator comes
to dissolve this Union : and he atlirmcd as lately
as 1823 that that design had gone so far as that
its advocates had agreed upon a military loader,
and that in ease of civil war the power of Great
Britain was to be invoked to aid them, in
further proof that the doctrine of secession is
not of southern origin, the honorable Senator
has only to consult the records of the debates
of Congress in 1811, <jnd he will find there that
when a bill was presented to the Congress of
the United States for the admission of Louisiana
into the Union, Josiah Quincy, from his own
Sl.ate, avowed upon the tloor of Congress that
the passage of that bill would absolve his sec-
tion of (he Union from any obligation to remain
in it. Sir, while the recollection of the Ilart-
l'ord Convention continues it is well that the men
of Now England should not too harshly judge
secessionists.
Massachusetts has not been alone in favoring
this doctrine. Another one of the free States
of this country has produced a bright and shin-
ing light in the law, who has also declared in
favor of the right of secession, 1 refer, with-
out troubling the Senate with a citation from
the book, to Mr. Eawle's Commentaries on the
Constitution of the United States, in which lie
distinctly avows the right of a State to secede.
I only allude to these facts to show that it
was very natural for the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to express the opinion that he did not
wish the effusion of any more blood, because
the. very doctrine from which the war has re-
sulted, with the cooperation of other doctrines
of which the Senator is the advocate, had their
origin in his own section of the country.
One other remark, and T shall trouble the
Senate no longer, ft is supposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, and those
who cooperate with hint, that the Democratic
party of this count ry lias gone down in the dust,
and that his party is to continue in the future
as in the past four years, in power. The hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Gctiikie]
yesterday, referring to that remark, reminded
the Senator from^Massachusetts that in the last
presidential election the Democratic candidate
received eighteen hundred thousand votes.
And, sir, when you .recollect against what the
Democratic party had to contend—bayonets in
Maryland, bayonets in Delaware, bayonets in
Kentucky, bayonets in Missouri, and the Treas-
ury of this country—I ask you if it is not rea-
sonable to suppose thathad that party been
free from such opposition as this it would have
succeeded in that contest? But, sir, pass your
present bills, pass your negro-suffrage bills,
carry out your doctrine that the negro is not
only the equal, but the superior of the white
man, andistobesupportedatthe expense of the
white man, and I have no doubt that the Demo-
cratic party,_ which the Senator supposes to-be
dead, will rise again, and that this Hall, and
the Hall of the other House, will be filled with
the members of that party.
One word to my Democratic friends. What
is their duty in this emergency? It is to stand
fast and firmly by their principles and to their
party organization, to be true to themselves,
and their course will meet with the approval of
their own judgment in the future, and will be
crowncd with success.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I design
to say a few words, perhaps not very much upon
the bill itself, although the bill has given me
some little trouble in considering it.
The honorable Senator who lias just spoken,
in the close of his remarks prophesies that if
we proceed in the system of measures that we
have decided upon, the Democratic party will
very soon bo in possession of both Halls of Con-
gress. 1 do not know that I should hesitate, a
great while in doing that which I thought to be
right and just even in view of such a calamity.
I acknowledge the force of the prophecy in one
sense; and that is, that when he tells us such
will be the result, I feel that the innumerable
evils that would follow from it are such as might
well make us pause. If I really believed that
such a consummation was to come about in any
short time from any system of measures we have
adopted or were about to adopt, I should dread
so much the evils that would follow, that per-
haps I might hesitate. I do not apprehend,
however, that that calamity is so near at hand
that an apprehension of it ought to influence
my action on measures that! think to be proper
and just in themselves.
Now, sir, let us look for a single instant upon
the condition in which we find ourselves. Wo
are at the close of a great war, and a war that
was brought upon us by the Democratic party.
The great mass of the Democratic party, the
leading portion of it, was the southern portion.
I do not say that all the Democrats wore in favor
of the war. I acknowledge that a very great
portion of them have proved themselves to bo
good and true patriots, as good and true patriots
and as good friends to their country as any set
of men, but I do say that the support which the
Democratic party gave to the South, in all its
measures of aggression, was a degree of encour-
agement without which I do not believe the war
ever would have occurred. That has been my
opinion always, and I have no hesitation in
expressing it now.
If the war was brought upon us by the South,
and a result has followed which may be afflict-
ing to them for a series of years, even in tho
matter of money appropriations as well as in
other respects, it. is not for them to complain.
They initiated it; they drove us into the neces-
sity which led to it; and if the result is disas-
trous and continues to be oppressive, so far as
necessary measures are concerned, they have
themselves to thank for it, and cannot complain
of the Congress of the United States if it takes
measures to set all things right. And if the
great Democratic party, as a party, by its pre-
vious course, is responsible in any degree for it,
by way of encouragement it afforded or other-
wise, it is not even for that party as a paHy to
complain of the measures which may be found
