4308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
payment of the special five per cent, income
tax imposed thereby.
The message also announced that tlie Sen-
ate had parsed a joint resolution (S. It. No.
145) for the relief of George 0. Bestor and
Charles W. McCord, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
enrolled bills and joint resolution.
. Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the commit-
tee had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. It. No. G93) for the relief of
Robert Baldwin;
_ An act (H. It. No. 737) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment, for the year ending Juno 30, 1807, and
for other purposes; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 193) authoriz-
ing the transmission through the mails free of
postage of certain certificates by the adjutant
general of New Jersey.
message prom tub sex ate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 491) entitled "An
act to remove the office of surveyor general of
the States of Iowa and Wisconsin to Platts-
mouth, Nebraska," with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-'
ined ana found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. It. No. 801) authorizing the pay-
ment of the rewards offered by the President
of the United States and the officers of the
War Department in April and May, 1805, for
the capture of the assassin of the late Presi-
dent, Abraham Lincoln, and the Secrctax-y of
State, Hon. William II. Seward; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 155) to prevent
the further enforcement of the joint resolution
No. 77, approved July 4, 18(54, against officers
and .soldiers of the United States, &c.
mhssack from tuk senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Founey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 012) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1859 and
Joint resolution (II. It. No. 208) in relation
to the use of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Fair building in Washington.
The House reassembled at three o'clock,
i.AND OFFICE IN NEBRASKA.
Senate amendments to the bill (Ii. It. No.
401) entitled "An act to remove the office of
the surveyor general of the States of Iowa and
Wisconsin to Plattsmouth, Nebraska," were
taken from the Speaker's table and read, as
follows:
In line eleven strike out the final "a" in theword
' States."
In lines cloven and twelve strike out "and Wiscon-
sin."
The amendments wore concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ^
o. bestor and c. w. m'coud.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. No. 145) for the relief of
George C. Bestor and Charles W. McCord;
which was read a fir.^t and second time.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 move that this resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that it will
not be referred, but will be acted on now. i
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Navy to
organize a board of not less than three com-
petent persons, whose duty it shall be to inquire
into and determine how much the vessels-of-
war Shxloh, built by George C. Bestor, and
the Utlah, built by Charles W. McCord, at St.
Louis, Missouri, during the years 1803, 1804,
and 1805, and their machinery, cost the con-
tractors over and above the contract price and
allowances for extra work paid by the Govern-
ment of the United States, on account of the
interference with and detention of said work
by the Government, and to report the facts to
the Secretary of the Navy. The joint resolu-
tion further proposes to authorize and instruct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Bestor
and McCord respectively the amount reported
by the board, not exceeding twelve per cent,
upon the contract price of the work, provided
that the Secretary of the Navy shall approve
the report.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It seems to me
that this resolution contains an appropriation,
and should, under the rule, go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole. I make that objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
does not contain anappx-opriation, but will ex-
amine it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If it is not an
appropriation bill, then I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope that the gentle-
man from Ohio will notinsist upon that motion.
[ happen to know something about this claim ;
and 1 beg gentlemen not to do injustice to these
men. I know something of the history of this
transaction. I know that these men have sunk
every dollar tliey were worth in completing these
gunboats for the Government,. This joint res-
olution is really not for their benefit, but for
the benefit of the workmen who built these
gunboats, as it will enable the contractors to
pay them. This is nothing but a measure of
sheer justice.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I must insist
on my motion to refer this resolution to the
Committee of Claims. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingeusoll] says that he knows
something of this claim. Mr. Speaker, it is
vcx-y important that some of the rest of us
should know something about it; and we can-
not be properly informed unless the case be
investigated by the appropriate committee of
this House.
Mr. FAitNSWORTH. It has been exam-
ined by the Committee on Claims in the Senate.
Mr, LAWRENCE, of Ohio^ Mr. Speaker,
we are not in the habit of "passing bills in this
House because they have been investigated by
committees at the other end of the Capitol.
We have our own committees for the examina-
tion of measures coming before us. When a
committee of this House shall have examined
the case the true state of the facts will be de-
veloped. Now, in the last moments of the
session, it is no time for us to be passing bills,
making large drafts upon the Treasury of the
United States, and increasing the taxes of the
people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The object of this
resolution is that the claim of these parties
may be investigated by a proper commission
who shall make a report to the Secretary of
the Navy. His approval is necessary before
any money can he paid under the report of the
commission. Knowing something of this case,
I believe that the claim is an entirely merito-
rious one; aud I hope the resolution will
pass.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered'; and under the opera-
tion thei-eof the joint resolution was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred;
aud also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reissue 03? the dundas patent.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following joint resolution :
Whereas the papers in the matter of the applica-
tion for reissue of the Dundas patent for a cultivator
have been furnished and printed too late for consid-
eration at the present session of Congress: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and Howe of Represent-
atives, <£<?., That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
is hereby, directed to delay the action of the Patent
Office, in the said matter, until Congress can, at a fu-
ture time, devise some legislation to meet the recom-
mendations of the Commissioner of Patents and the
Secretary of the Interior in regard to the reissue of
patents.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. CULLOM. I would like to make a
statement in regard to this matter.
Mr. JENCKES. I object. The effort for
the renewal of this patent is one of the greatest
outrages upon the course of justice that has ever
come within my knowledge.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to suspend therules
that I may introduce the resolution.
The motion was not agreed tq.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly em-olled, a bill (H. R.
No. 491) entitled "An act to remove the office
of surveyor general of the State of Iowa to
Plattsmouth, Nebraska;" when the Speaker
signed the same.
pay of committee clerks.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the followixig resolution:
liesolvcd, That the compensation of the clerks of
the Committeo on Commerce, the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and tho Committee on the Post Officeand
Post ltoads be fixed at the same rate as that of the
cleik to the Committee on Public Lands, said com-
pensation to commence with the present session of
Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 must object unless the
amount is named. Let us know what it is.
Mr. O'NEILL. Eighteen hundred dollars
per annum.
Several Members objected; and the resolu-
tion was not received,
printing ok bounty law.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on
Printing, submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed fox- the use of the
members of this House ten thousand extra copied of
tho act (H. II. No. 737) containing the provisions
equalizing bounties for soldiers.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the resolution so as to provide for the printing
of only so much of the act as relates to equal-
izing bounties.
Mr. LATHAM. I accept that amendment
as a modification of my resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out " ten" and inserting
'' twenty," so as to provide for printing twenty-
thousand copies.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not see any neces-
sity for printing these pamphlets. So much
of the act as relates to bounties is embraced
in a single section, and it will at once be
published in every newspaper throughout the
country. Hence there is no necessity that this
House should order the printing of any copies.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say only a
word. We have expended considerable money
in the business of printing, especially in print-
ing the report and testimony in reference to
the Memphis mob or riot. I do not know
what the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Broomat.i.J calls it—massacre, I think. I hope
the House will not expend money in printing
this mattei-. It is a most important thing to
the soldiers themselves, and there is not a
newspaper in the country that will not be de-
lighted to publish it. It will be known in every
section of the country long before we can have
it printed and mailed to our constituents. I
will not detain the House any longer.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 believe, myself, that
this law in reference to the equalization of
bounties of soldiers has such a general interest
that cverj newspaper in the country will pub-
