1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4309
lish it; so there is no need of our entailing
upon the Government this expense.
Mr. LATHAM demanded tlie previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DEFREES moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELD RIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the
table; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. SCOFIELD (at ten minutes past three
o'cloc'kp. m.) moved that the House take a
recess until four o'clock p. m., subject to be
called together by the Speaker to receive mes-
sages from the President or the Senate or re-
ports from the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
During the recess, a message from the Pres-
ident of the United States, by Mr. William G.
Moore, one of his Secretaries, notified the
House that lie had approved and signed the
civil appropriation bill; and further, that he
returned without his approval an act erecting
the Territory of Montana into a surveying dis-
trict, and for other purposes, with his objec-
tions thereto.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled thefollowing joint resolu-
tion ; when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 208) in relation
to the use of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan's
Fair building in Washington.
AFTER THE RECESS.
Agreeably to order, the Speaker, at four
o'clock p. in., again called the House to order.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers in the case of
Field & Clay.
On motion of Mr. BIDWELL, leave was
granted for the withdrawal of the papers in the
case of Jacob P. Leese.
THE MONTANA BILL VETOED.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I herewith return without my approval the
bill entitled "An act erecting the Territory of
Montana into a surveying district, and for other
purposes."
The bill contains four sections, the first of
which erects the Territory into a surveying
district, and authorizes the appointment of a
surveyor general; the second constitutes the
Territory a land district; the third authorizes
the appointment of a register and receiver for
said district, and the fourth requires the sur-
veyor general to "select and survey eighteen
alternate odd sections of non-mineral timber
lands within said districtfor the NewYorltand
Montana Iron Mining and Manufacturing Com-
pany, incorporated under the laws of the State
of New York, which lands the said company
shall have immediate possession of on the pay-
ment of $1 25 per acre, and shall have a pat-
ent for the same whenever, within two years
after their selection, they shall have furnished
evidence, satisfactory to the Secretary of the
Interior, that they have erected and have in
operation on the said lands iron-works with a
capacity for manufacturing fifteen hundred tons
of iron perannum; provided that the said lands
shall revert to the United States in case the
above-mentioned iron-works be not erected
within the specified time, and provided that
until the title to the said lands snail have been
perfected, the timber shall not be cut off from
more than one section of the said lands."
To confer the special privileges specified in
this fourth section appears to be the chief object
of the bill, the provisions of whieh are subject
to some of the most important objections that
induced me to return to the Senate with my dis-
approval the bill entitled "An acttg enable the
New York and Montana Iron Mining and Manu-
facturing Company to purchase acertain amount
of the public lands not now in market." That
bill authorized the same corporation to select
and survey in the Territory of Montana, in
square form, twenty-one sections of land, three
of which might contain coal and iron ore, for
which the minimum rate of $1 25 per acre was
to be paid. The present bill omits these sec-
tions of mineral lands, and directs the surveyor
general to select and survey the timber lands;
but it contains the objectionable feature of
granting to a private mining and manufacturing
corporation exclusive rights and privileges in the
public domain which are by law denied to indi-
viduals. The first choice of timber land in the
Terri tory is bestowed upon a corporation foreign
to the Territory, and over which Congress has
noeontrol. The surveyor general ofthe district,
a public officer who should have no connection
with any purchase of public land, is made the
agent of the corporation to select the land ; the
selections to be made in the absence of all com-
petition ; and over eleven thousand acres are be-
stowed at the lowest price of public lands. It is
by no means certain that the substitution of al-
ternate sections for the compact body of lands
contemplated by the other bill is any less in-
jurious to the public interest; for alternate
sections stripped of timber are not likely to
enhance the value of those reserved by the Gov-
ernment. Be this as it may, this bill bestows
a large monopoly of public lands without ade-
quate consideration; confers a right and privi-
lege in quantity equivalent to seventy-two pre-
emption rights ; introduces a dangerous system
of privileges to private trading corporations;
and is au unjust discrimination in favor of
traders and speculators against individual
settlers and pioneers who are seeking homes
and improving our western Territories. Such a
departure from the long-established, wise, and
just policy which has heretofore governed the
disposition of the public funds cannot receive
my sanction. The objections enumerated apply
to the fourth section of the bill. The first, sec-
ond, and third sections, providing for the ap-
pointment of a surveyor general, register, and
receiver, are unobjectionable, if any necessity
requires the creation of these offices and the
additional expenses of a new surveying land
district. But they appear in this instance to
be only needed as a part of the machinery to
enable the "New York and Montana Iron
Mining and Manufacturing Company" to se-
cure these privileges; for I am informed by the
proper Department, in a communication hereto
annexed, that there is no public necessity for
a surveyor general, register, or receiver in
Montana Territory, since it forms part of an
existing surveying and land district, wherein
the public business is, under present laws,
transacted with adequate facility, so that the
provisions of the first, second, and third sec-
tions would occasion needless expense to the
General Government.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., July 28, 1866.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that the message be
printed and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRIGGS. I suggest that the House
take a recess until twenty-five minutes past
four o'clock p. m., unless sooner convened by
the Speaker.
Mr. CONICLING. What is there now in
order ?
The SPEAKER. There are several bills
which the President has not yet returned.
DETENTION OP MEMBERS.
Mr. AN CON A. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Meaolved, That a select committee of twenty-one
members be appointed to inquire as to the allege*}
abduction and detention of members from the ses-
sions of the House while important measures wero
pending and being acted on and that ttaey.be empow-
ered to send for persons and papers, have leave to
sit during the recess and report to the Philadelphia
convention on the 14th day of August nest,
[Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. ANDERSON. Where was the gentle-
man from Chicago when the civil appropria-
tion bill passed ? [Laughter.]
Mr. STROUSE. The gentleman has no
right to inquire about the private affairs of any
member.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move that the House take
a recess until twenty minutes past four o'clock
p. m.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRIGGS withdrew the motion.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move the nsual
resolution, that a committee be appointed on
the part of the House to join such committee
as may be appointed on the part of the Senate,
to wait on the President and inform him that
the two Houses having concluded the business
before them are ready to adjourn, unless he
has some further communication to make to
them.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Mor-
rill and Mr. Finck were appointed as such
committee on the part of the House.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee on reconstruc-
tion on the part of this House be, and the same is
hereby, discharged.
Objection was made.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ANDERSON. I propose, by unani-
mous consent, that the member fyom Chicago
shall have five minutes to explain where he was
when the civil appropriation bill was passed.
[Laughter.]
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, allow
me to say that my remarks will cover more
than five minutes, and I will write them out
and put them in the Globe, with the consent
of the House. [Renewed laughter.]
PAY OF THE CHAPLAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. By some strange con-
struction of the Department they hold our
appropriation for the Chaplain cannot be paid
because we have not named him. I ask that
a joint resolution be prepared to cure the
defect, otherwise our worthy Chaplain will
receive no compensation. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution to au-
thorize the payment of Rev. Charles B. Boyn-
ton, the Chaplain of the House of Represen-
tatives of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. It au-
thorizes him to draw the amount heretofore
appropriated.
Mr. LE BLOND. How is it about the
Chaplain of the Senate?
Mr. STEVENS. There is no difficulty about
the Chaplain of the Senate.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS moved to suspend the rules,
The rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was introduced, read a
first and second time, ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third timeand passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution "was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
