1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
cial legislation is requisite to shape and direct
and beacon the courscsand thoroughfares of en-
terprise and thrift and interest. Large amounts
of our national securities ltave already gone
abroad. Some estimate the amount at $350,-
000,000; some place the figures as high as
$500,000,000. Increased, whatever it may lae,
no doubt by every steamer thatleaves our ports
for Europe, the lower figures may be found in-
conveniently large if a panic or crisis should*
ensue of magnitude and intensity potentenough
to touch to the quick the sensibilities of the
Old Lady in Threadneedle street. Would she
not in such event clutch and hurl back upon,
us, reckless of sacrifice, any quantity of our
bonds? Suppose such an occurrence should
happen when we were in the throes of a finan-
cial, commercial, belligerent, or oven political
crisis. The consequences need not be depicted;
they can be foreseen without a prophet's eye.
I have never been able to see a national
blessing in a national debt. But I am aware
the large public debt of Great Britain has some-
times been held up in that light. Beyond ques-
tion it is true that it has not been as burden-
some as under some circumstances it might
have been. Owed and kept at home, the in-
terest has been disbursed and employed among
and by the subjects of the realm. The Gov-
ernment scrip or consols, widely and gener-
ally held by the well to do of all classes and
grades, have everywhere constituted large num-
bers of citizens, by direct interest, firm Gov-
ernment supporters. This consideration may
weigh little with us, yet I apprehend the an-
nouncement that a few hundred million Fed-
eral securities are now of choice held in the
insurgent States bjr those who whilom were
rebels would be hailed as a most auspicious
omen.
But, it is urged, some operation is needed to
clear out of the way our floating debt and ob-
tain specie to enable us to resume. Without
stopping to consider all these suggestions in-
volve, let me ask, do the people, mechanics,
merchants, manufacturers, men of means, bur-
dened as they all aie by taxes, direct or indi-
rect, wish such a sacrificial preparation made
to resume specie payments'? The present in-
flated, high-priced condition of nearly every
staple article that enters into the use and con-
sumption of families bears hardest upon men
of small means, small incomes, small salaries.
And yet I do not believe such persons, even,
desire Government to incur such sacrifices
and perils as indicated to obtain coin to pre-
pare to get back to the normal condition of
gold valuations. I do not say old low prices;
that condition we are not again to see while all
the commodities of production arc burdened
and their prices enhanced by heavy taxation.
No, sir, we cannot expect soon again to see
those times unless called to behold wide-spread
bankruptcy, suffering, ruination. Shall I be
told, importation of coin through the medium
of a foreign loan is a necessary preliminary
step preparatory to a resumption of specie pay-
ments? No one can be more desirous, anx-
ious, to hasten that period, by all and every
proper means, than myself. I believe, too, the
people desire and expect that Congress, in eon-
cert with the Secretary, will adopt measures
tending to an early adjustment of prices, busi-
ness, and trade, to the constitutional basis of
values—the coin standard. And well f know
that specie payments inevitably must be tem-
porary and spasmodic, while large amounts of
call loans or short obligations are or can be
precipitated upon the market. No sane person
ought to expect a resumption unless the banks
and Government usher the way. The banks
cannot resume until Government leads, and if
the half of them are then able to do it and
maintain resumption, great relief will be felt
in more senses and quarters than one, and a
most agreeable surprise will be generally expe-
rienced. The connection of Government with
the national banks is very intimate, if not insep-
arable, borrowing as it lias their capital and giv-
ing as seeuriiy and in lieu its obligations. These
institutions, generally, really have no money
means wherewith to make specie payments.
If they should attempt it in the present posture
of things they could not stand a single business
hour without throwing a mass of Government
bonds upon the market. It is'said on the 1st
day of last January they held in their own right
over §440,000,000 of United States stocks.
Probably at the same date they held of Gov-
ernment short obligations full $200,000,000.
With such an impending avalanche of some
$050,000,000, potential as Government is, it
could not resume and stand the specie call
ten consecutive days.
It follows, then, if we are to have a perma-
nent resumption, it must be by the joint and
simultaneous action of the banks and Govern-
ment. As this is impossible in the midst of a
floating mass which at any time may impinge
and whelm, that mass must lie put one side or
for a term of years be merged. Admitting, as
I do, the full force of all this, I fail to see in
this necessity a necessity that only long bonds
payable and sold abroad can be employed for
such relieving and funding purpose. It is not
believed, it is not supposed, that a dollar of
these short obligations is now held abroad. On
the contrary, every dollar is now held in this
country, somewhere, bysomebody, association,
company, or corporation. On the first Monday
of October, 1855, the national banks alone
held nearly one sixth of the floating liabilities,
($192,094,:JG5.) Is it not just possible, nay
probable, that other holders now carrying some
of these shortobligationswould beabloand will-
ing to carry in place of them longer, and, of
course, more valuable Government securities—•
especially if made payable in coin at a fixed and
comparatively distant future period—provided
the opportunity was presented to them? Once
only, 1 believe, and that within the last six
months, has the Secretary, by public notice,
tesied m this direction the public estimation
and ability. lie offered $50,000,000 of five-
twenties in exchange for five per cent, com-
pound notes and certificates of indebtedness,
t'lic whole amount was taken inside the pre-
scribed time, and fi\e-twenty bonds at a pre-
mium of three per cent, received therefor. Did
not the quickness with which this proposal was
filled, notwithstanding the premium, indicate
what might be expected, if the bonds in ex-
change had been offered at par?
Am 1 to bo told the operation produced a
stringency in the money market, and therefore
it was inexpedient to follow it up? There can
never be resumption of specie payments with-
out contraction, and there can never be con-
traction without a stringency, a pinch some-
where. But in this instance no intelligent ob-
server believes the withdrawment of so small
an amount of such representatives of value
from business influences could be perceptibly
felt or perceived in the effervescing eddies
of Wall street. A stringency, no doubt, did
exist simultaneous with the Secretary's opera-
tion, caused, however, by largo calls for cur-
rency, to be used in various ways at the South,
and in moving western products, the high prices
of which required more money than usual to
handle them. Judging by that tiansaction,
holders of Government short obligations would
gladly exchange them for the common live-
twenties if opportunity had been given. Why
that operation was not continued, if there ex-
isted, as 1 believe, a desire and a purpose to
get ready to resume specie payments, I know
not. Certainly the power, under the respective
acts of June and March, to issue bonds and to
convert these floating liabilities, was not ex-
hausted, nor is it believed to be now. It has
been exercised by the Secretary within the last
month. Certainly the exercise of the power
was not intermitted because there was a diffi-
culty in finding a home demand for the bonds.
Will it be seriously urged that by sale abroad,
with the proceeds, the Secretary can buy and
bring home gold and thus more easily and
speedily resume? Nearly every sn6li attempt
to torce exchanges, to obstruct and divert the
natural courses of trade by unusual efforts, pur-
chasing and importing coin wherewith to resume
on a large scale by buying up the eottoii. crop,
to ship and sell abroad to buy and bring back
gold to enable it to resume and maintain specie
payments. _ The attempt hopelessly wrecked
that institution. Are not the bcacon-lights of
experience as safe and as useful for Govern-
ments as for corporations or individuals?
If Government when so large a debtor essays
in eager haste to overleap the usual barriers of
trade or endeavors to obstruct or divert the
established channels and courses of exchange,
we may be sure a reaction ere long will fol-
low. Sluices will be opened, dikes will be
pierced, and the tidal ebb and flow will restore a
commercial equilibrium irrespective of what
or who is stranded. The Bank of England, the
Bank of France, the Germanic banks, .observing
such a scheme inaugurated, at once would bo
stimulated to gather up our securities and force
them back upon our market in such quantities
as to stop the sale abroad by depreciating the
home price, and, of course, deranging our own
home traSic in them.
No, no, this extraneous method will be found
a most untoward, perilous, and futile way to
travel toward a healthy permanent resumption.
If we are to resume and maintain specie pay-
ments we must take legitimate steps; we mast
get out of the way our short obligations; we
must prepare for other liabilities .as they fall
due; we must contract our paper circulation,
certainly cease enlarging it, whether denomi-
nated United States legal tenders or national
bank currency; we must produce and sell,, and
manufacture and sell, buy and consume less
until the balance of production and of manu-
facture, of trade and of commerce, and of ex-
change is in favor of families, communities,
States, and the nation itself, and then, virtually,
resumption of specie payments will be nigh at ii
not in hand. It ought not to bo overlooked that
after the 1st of next July the State bank cir-
culation will be rapidly retired under the opera-
tion of the tax to be imposed upon its subse-
quent reissue. As thereafter nothing butgreen-
backs and national bank notes will circulate,
is it not possible this new condition of things
may constitute an auxiliary contraction, which,
added to the Secretary's policy in the same
direction, will produce all the stringency and
all the reduction in issues that the Secretary or
any discrot business man will care to see in the
country, on 'change, or in commercial circles?
Money is plenty now and everything is easy.
A month or a week even may present a reverse
phase, and instead of being complacent spec-
tators or content actors wo may be struggling
in the depths piteously asking help or forbear-
ance.
But I must not forget that I am discussing
not so much the probabilities and the instru-
mentalities of resumption as the loan bill.
Not to prolong further the consideration of its
foreign feature, 1 have but to add that, in this
very particular, I stand with the able and pa-
triotic Secretary of the Treasury. He com-
mences the second paragraph, on page 18 of
his annual report, December, 1805, with these
positive words:
" The debt is large, but if kept at home, as it is de-
sirable it. should be, with a judicious system of tax-
ation, it need not be oppressive. It is, however, a
debt," Sets.
Again, page 29, he says:
"Although it is not desirable that our securities
should be held out of the United States, it is desir-
able that they should be of good credit in foreign
markets on account of the influence which these
markets exert upon our own."
If, as I believe, this foreign and home view
of the question is financially correct and sound,
then it is worthy of our consideration, although
it disposes at once of the committee's proviso.
As seen, the Secretary has declared the unde-
sirableness of our stocks being held abioad.
The thermometer of Wall street, on the first
promulgation of a purpose here to legislatively
superinduce an exotic demand, indicated the
domestic effect.
I chanccd to be in New York the very day
