1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. 2389
far upon the general who silences the batteries
at Vicksburg, that the Mississippi, through the
bisected rebellion, might course unobstructed
from the prairies to the Gulf; if it had been
asked us at the close of the last session, what
will you do for him who breaks the lines at
Richmond and receives the sword of Lee, what
soul in this House could have placed any limit
or qualification upon its obligations ?
Find a single martial enterprise in the whole
history of mankind more serious in the obsta-
cles to be overcome, more luminous as an ex-
ample of heroism and endurance, more fatal to
an enemy, more magnificent in its results, than
the single enterprise of opening the Mississippi
river; search the tide of time fora nation which
was ever delivered from such depths and exalted
to such a pinnacle of exultation by one single
blow, as by that struck at Richmond in April
last, which at the same time broke the head
and paralyzed the extremities of the rebellion.
War has been defined to be contention by
force for thepurpose of crippling or overwhelm-
ing an enemy ; and in glancing at the history of
our war it seems to me that we had made but
little progress even in crippling our enemy until
the inflexible will and martial energies of Gen-
eral Grant entered as an animating and direct-
ing soul into the armies of the Republic. Prior
to his conspicuous appearance upon the grand
arena we had met with many reverses and a
few successes, but the reverses were most de-
Eressing to the national spirit and the successes
ad hardly penetrated the hide of the defiant
monster which was confronting us. War had
surged and resurged with alternate triumph and
defeat over the devoted plains of Missouri. We
had gained a lodgment on the coast of South
Carolina; we held the sand spits of Hatteras,
and we had dearly purchased a strategical po-
sition on Roanoke Island. But in neither of
these affairs had we succeeded in actually de-
bilitating the enemy, and from neither of these
points had we been able to penetrate the enemy's
country much beyond the range of our cannon.
The first decided success which let in a glimpse
of sunlight and lifted the cloud of despondency
and exhilarated the national heart were the
brilliant operations upon the Tennessee and
the Cumberland. When, following hard upon
the capture of Fort Henry, the country learned
that FortDonelson. strongly fortified by nature
and art,had surrendered with its garrison of six-
teen thousand prisoners, and that large sections
of Kentucky and Tennessee were redeemed
from rebel thralldom, we asked, with all the
vehemence of kindling gratitude, to whom are
we indebted for a vigor of operations and an
earnestness of purpose which prove that mil-
itary enterprise and heroism are not obsolete,
and that there is still some hope for our droop-
ing flag, and we were told that he who could
say to a rebel general, "No other terms than
an unconditional and immediate surrender can
be accepted; I propose to move immediately
upon your works," was one of those worthy
beneficiaries whom the nation had educated at
its great military school; that he had won his
spurs in the earliest battles of the Mexican war;
that he had participated in that series of hard-
fought engagements which carried triumphantly
the flag of the Republic from the shores of the
Gulf to the lake-encircled citadel of the ancient
Aztecs ; that he had won his full grade of first
lieutenant in those bloody hours when Molino
del Rey-succumbed to the impetuosity of our
soldiery, and his brevet of captain on that day,
ever memorable in our annals, when the steep
and frowning heights of Chapultepec were car-
ried, and the trembling city below implored the
mercy of our artillery.
We were told that when the war was over,
disgusted with the ennui which haunts a sol-
dier on the peace establishment, he had re-
signed his commission as captain, but that
when the rebellion struck the first tocsin he
rushed to the defense of the flag under which
he was trained and nurtured, and offered his
services to Governor Yates, of Illinois; that
he had organized the Illinois quota under the
first call for troops; that, as colonel of the
twenty-first regiment of that State, he had
quelled the guerrillas in north Missouri; that
he had risen rapidly to the grade of brigadier
general; that he had destroyed a rebel maga-
zine at Paducah; that he had wiped out Jeff.
Thompson at Fredricton; that he had severely
chastised a superior force of the enemy at
Belmont; that he was a general who seemed
to understand what war meant and what it did
not mean; that in his judgment it did not
mean lying in camp and garrison, drilling
and organizing for ever and ever, but seeking
the enemy, moving on his works, pushing and
pounding until he gave way; and that when
he did that you were not to wait for weeks and
months for horses, shoes, transportation, but
that you were to push on with such resources as
you had; hang on his flanks like grim death,
and if one expedient failed, try another and
another until he was utterly routed and dis-
solved. In short, we were told that he was a
positive man, of pluck and purpose and self-
reliance, who did not believe, as some did,
that Robert E. Lee was endowed by the su-.
pernal powers with supernatural resources and
strategy and ubiquity, or who did not fear,
as some did, that he, with the entire army
of Northern Virginia, could suddenly throw a
sommersault over intervening mountains and
forests into our lines, but that, by butting and
hammering away with mere human caution and
skill and perseverance, the mightiest Paladin
of treason could be outflanked or whipped.
Much criticism was expended at the time
upon the battle of Shiloh; and that part of it
which applies to the gaps and disconnections
in our disjointed line of battle may be just,
it was a vast meUe between separate regi-
ments, brigades, and divisions, each fighting
on its own hook and for its own position, with
but little concert of action and with but slight
mutual support.
So farasthe criticism applies to the violation
of true principles of war by fighting that battle
with his back to the Tennessee river, General
Grant has broken his austere silence and con-
descended in characteristic strain to speak for
himself. After the battle of Pittsburg Landing
General Buell began criticising in a friendly
way the impolicy of his having fought the battle
with the Tennessee behind his men. " Where,
if beaten, could you have retreated, General?"
asked Buell. "I did not mean to be beaten,"
was Grant's sententious reply. "But suppose
you had been defeated in spite of your exer-
tions?" "Well, there were all the transports
to carry the remains of the army across the
river." " But, General," urged Buell, "your
whole transports could not contain even ten
thousand men, and it would have been impos-
sible for them to make more than one trip in
the face of the enemy." "Well, if I had been
beaten," said General Grant, quietly lighting a
cigar as he spoke, "transportation for ten thou-
sand men would have been abundant, for that
would have been more than would have been
left."
And yet in one important respect it contrib-
uted more to the eventual success of our arms
than any action in the war. It was the experi-
mentum crucis which first tested the respective
stamina and manliness of the two belligerents.
It was the first hurling together of the two peo-
ple upon a large scale in a hand-to-hand fight,
and when the enemy retreated from that bro-
ken and gory field, he retreated with his arro-
gance tamed and his dream of invincibility
dispelled forever. No southern soldier from
that terrible day presumed to despise again the
courage, the persistence, or the marksmanship
of the adversary, for there was weeping and
lamentation in every southern home.
I have already adverted to the vast impor-
tance to the national cause of the capture of
Vicksburg. In those protracted operations, a
war by itself, which culminated in the over-
throw of that almost impregnable stronghold,
it is difficult to discover what element or qual-
ity of a consummate commander General Grant
failed to exhibit. Strategy? Why the con-
ception of the new enterprise, after every con-
ceivable plan had been tried and failed, was
either an inspiration of strategical genius or
the result of the most laborious strategical
study. Labor, and perseverance? Why, the re-
connoissances of the different bayous, creeks,
passes, and rivers which he made in that am-
phibious region, the dredging which he exe-
cuted, the canals which he dug to open a safe
water passage below the city, are without par-
allel in resistance to natural obstacles, unless
the parallel is found in the memorable expedi-
tion of Xerxes into the Peloponnesus, which
channeled Mount Athos and bridged the Hel-
lespont. Forethought? Why, every step of a
seemingly desperate adventure was prearranged
in his mind, and every contingency which could
be anticipated provided for in advance. Pres-
ence of mind? Contingencies that could not
be foreseen were upon the spur of the occasion
as fully met as if they had originally been em-
braced within his plans. Courage? Did he
not push his transports through an iron hail
compared with which the full blast of Gibral-
tar or Cherbourg would be comparatively harm-
less? Persistence? Did he not again drive
the same transports, riddled by theirfirstordeal,
through the fortifications which spouted de-
struction from the bluffs of Grand Gulf; and
did he not, after twenty consecutive days of
fighting and five pitched battles, huddle the
army of the Southwest into its lines and hold
it there until it dropped into his arms a^prey?
Let me here pause in this rapid sketch of
General Grant's military career and permit
him to recite the results of his operations at
Chattanooga in the congratulatory order which
he issued to his troops. I ask the Clerk to
read the order.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters
Militauy Divisios or thk Mississippi,
In the Field,
CnATTANOOCxA, Tennessee, December 10,1863.
The general commanding takes this opportunity of
returning his sincere thanks and congratulations to
the brave armies of the Cumberland, the Ohio, the
Tennessee, and their comrades from the Potomac, for
the recent splendid and decisive successes achieved
over the enemy. Inashort time you haverecorered
from him the control of the Tennessee river from
Bridgeport to Knoxville. You dislodged him from
his great stronghold upon Lookout Mountain, drove
him from Chattanooga valley, wrested from his de-
termined grasp the possession of Missionary Ridge,
repelled with heavy loss to him his repeated assaults
upon Knoxville, forcing'him to raise the siege there,
driving him at all points, utterly routed and discom-
fited,beyond the limits of the State. Byyournoblo
heroism j^nd determined courage you have most
effectually defeated the plans of the enemy for re-
gaining possession of the States of Kentucky and
Tennessee.
Yuu have secured positions from which no rebel-
lious power can drive or dislodgo you. For all this
the general commanding thanks you collectively and
individually. The loyal people of the United States
thank and bless you. Their hopes and prayers for
your success against this unholy rebellion are with
you daily. Their faith in you will not be in vain.
Their hopes will not be blasted. Their prayers to
Almighty God will beanswered. You willgo toother
fields of strife; and with the invincible bravery and
unflinching loyalty to justice and rjght which have
characterized you in the past, you will prove that no
enemvean withstand you. and that no defenses, how-
ever formidable, can check your onward march.
By order of U. S. GRANT,
Major General.
Mr. DEMING. When General Grant first
entered upon the general direction of affairs
four new and controlling characteristics forth-
with reformed, invigorated, and systematized
our military administration—cooperation of
purpose in our separated armies, energy in
attack, rapidity in pursuit, and wisdom in the
selection of the commanders of armies, corps,
and divisions; the fit man for the fit place. I
cannot, in this brief rtsumt of his services which
I am attempting, but barely allude to the man-
ner in which he combined the scattered and
independent operations of our various armies
in the field, concentrated upon a single point
the entire military strength of the nation, and
destroyed that damaging expedient by which
the enemy in command of the interior lines of
communication was enabled to reenforce any
of his armies which were vigorously assailed.
The campaign upon which the Lieutenant Gen-
eral first entered is admitted by the highest mili-
tary critics to have been grand and perfect in
