1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
tlie committee reported the bill. Gold did in-
deed drop—a little; so did, more, the Federal
five-twenties. In a banking-house where I was
sitting a gentleman hurried in to inquire if the
telegraphic report of the introduction of the
bill with the foreign feature was to be believed,
declaring, if lie thought it would become a law
he would that day sell every Government bond
he owned. And that man is no stock gambler,
but is said to be the heaviest holder of Govern-
ment securities in New York, if not in the Uni-
ted States.
Another objection of a different character
remains to be noticed. The committee's bill
prolongs, if it does not augment, some of the
most insolvable uncertainties winch more or
"less during the war have attached to and affect-
ed all large business engagements and transac-
tions. Underit, atany moment, unannounced,
a process of contraction or of expansion may
be in operation, materially modifying time con-
tracts or the movements of property. In a
condition of peace does a paramount necessity
exist for vast occult Government financial op-
erations ? Have capitalists, bankers, brokers,
during any of the many emergencies Govern-
ment has passed through in the last four years,
in a single instance evinced a disposition to drive
a Shylock bargain with it? Outrageous commis-
sions, exorbitant rates, enormous prices have,
indeed, been exacted and paid in one if not
more of the departmental branches of the Gov-
ernment. If the Treasury Department lias
been thus victimized, it is notknown. On the
contrary, J am assured the Secretary has never
asked and not been aided. Why should not
the same cooperative influences continue in car-
rying the Government through? Why should
additional power be given; or rather why
should the Secretary's war discretion and war
powers now be enlarged?
Trained myself in a political school, one of
whose cardinal principles of faith and practice
was, Government should never unnecessarily
engage in or interfere with private enterprises
or business operations, 1 am frank to avow
1he belief that the sooner Government now
dissolves, and separates itself from, all connec-
tions and interpellations with individual trans-
actions, refrains from endeavoring to influence
them, the sooner will a sound, healthy equilib-
rium bo restored in all the conduits and pools
and great expanses of trade and commerce and
exchange.
The accumulation of a large surplus of coin,
with power to sell at his discretion ; the author-
ization, and the exercise of it, to receive ad
libitum temporary loans, to issue certificates
of indebtedness in indefinite quantities, if con-
tinued in, assuredly makes him sufficiently
potential to disregard the pranks or the com-
binations of a herd of stamping "bears" or
tossing "bulls."
The bill authorizes the Secretary to call in
and fund all or any of the outstanding liabili-
ties of the Government, whether interest-bear-
ing or not.; it may be fifty, five hundred, one
thousand, fifteen^ hundred millions evenj will
be within his scope and reach ; ho may ex-
change five-twenty bonds for the amount, what-
ever it may be. It authorizes him to go with-
out proposals upon the market and sell bonds
at his own discretion, to raise money where-
with to pay off any or all of these varied and
vast amounts. In Scripture phrase, it is this
"hidingof his power," which may be bared and
exercised at any moment, that constitutes the
impolicy and the objection of its bestowmcnt.
Sir. the gamblers in Wall street will hold high
revel in the glorious uncertainties continued
ond created by this bill. They ca^ discount
the probabilities and the phases with every
fluctuation of politics, prices, prospects, and
vicissitudes of the seasons.
Is such a feverish, speculative condition of
things desirable or necessary ? If not, the cor-
rection is in our hands. The unexhausted acts
of June, 1864, and March, 1805, give all needed
authority to the Secretary to issue six per cent,
bonds, payable at his discretion, not less than
five and within forty years from date, to fund
the interest-bearing obligations of the Govern-
ment. Authorize him to give public notice,
and require him to be in readiness, according
to notice; to issue bonds running a fixed term
of years in exchange for these unfunded obli-
gations, specifying the kind, the amount, the
priority, and the time of presentation. If it is
found Government bonds can be advantageously
placed in larger amounts than the interest-bear-
ing liabilities, then, and not until then, let the
non-interest-bearing legal tenders be taken in
hand by the Secretary, due public notice being
given of the intention. Such a course would
enable every business man to know what Gov-
ernment contemplated, and to arrange his busi-
ness and engagements accordingly. Public no-
tice dissipates much of the uncertainty and
consequent speculation attending Government
stock transactions, engendered and fostered by
stealthy precipitancy. There would be no new
loan on the market, no apprehension of one; no
inexplicable fluctuation of Government securi-
ties. Trade would adjust itself to a defined
policy. Every man would have the same facil-
ities of information, and of course an equal
chance in the marts and thoroughfares of ven-
ture and adventure.
Would such an open financial programme be
successful? To a very considerable extent I
believe it would—dependent of course upon an
easy money market, without which under no
circumstances can the five-twenties be floated
atpar. If for any reason, extraneous or indige-
nous, this expectation should be disappointed j
no disasters could ensue, no bankruptcy could '
befall the Government before the reassembling
of Congress.
On the whole, are not the mischiefs and
abuses and dangers so palpable on ihe one
hand, and the probabilities, the inducements,
and the seeming advantages so manifest on the
other as to determine and justify the rejection
of the committee's bill?
For myself, I do not believe any present le-
gislation of the kind is needed ; I believe the
Secretary has all necessary power now to retire
and fund the obligations of the Government.
But if some bill must pass, then the supplement
or amended bill of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] striking out the foreign
proviso, the simultaneous right to fund non-
intorest-bearing with interest-bearing notes, or
to issue and sell bonds below par, is by far
preferable to the original bill reported by the
committee.
If there were time, I should be glad to call
attention to an anomaly in our existing finan-
cial system, which if any bill is to pass, might,
as it seems to me, very properly be the subject
of an amendment. In the incipiency of our
gigantic loan operations the customs receipts
were required to be paid in coin. These re-
ceipts were solemnly set apart and pledged for
two specific objects—payment of the interest on
the public debt, and the creation of a sinking
l'und for the ultimate extinction of the princi-
pal of the public debt. The interest has been
promptly paid, and not infrequently anticipated.
The last Congress authorized the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell, from time to time, any
surplus coin in the Treasury not needed to pay
interest, duo regard being had to previous pro-
visions pertaining to a sinking fund. By reason
of such surplus and such authorization, sales
of coin have from time to time been made;
the amount and the rates we have no means of
knowing. But this we do know : thus far the
sinking fund, notwithstanding the pledge and
its subsequent recognition, is yet a legislative
ideal, a mere myth, that may or maynot here-
after have a veritable, tangible Avatar. I do
not care to characterize this withholding as
bad faith with the public creditor, for thus far
the Government has met its pecuniary obliga-
tions with comparative punctuality, I do not
care to characterize the omission as quasi,
oblique repudiation; for in the future, as in all
the troublous past, the Government may be able
,to pay "the uttermost farthing." It may be,
in the midst of a war requiring immense ex-
penditures, necessitating, after the absorptiQn
of every species of revenue, large and numerous
loans, the propriety and the economy might be
questioned of setting apart borrowed money,
orwhatin effect wSuld be the same thing, divert-
ing other needed funds from common use for
the purpose of establishing such a fund. I know
elaborate calculations have often been made,
and surprising results have been attained, in
figures, showing the wondrous fecundity of
small sums, the potentiality they possess over
vast amounts, when such sums are sacredly
placed and the yearly interest is compounded
and consecrated to accumulation. Neverthe-
less, does not the practicability and the econ-
omics of such a hypothesis, in the midst of
heavy expenditures and loans, remain to be
demonstrated by actuality?
But now, emerging as wo are from a condi-
tion, comparatively, of consumption and of
non-production; no longer in the attitude of a
needy borrower, expecting that henceforth rev-
enue taxes and reduction will more than bal-
ance expenditures, is it not possible, is it not
expedient, to " return to the old ways and walk
therein," pay as we go, and make provision for
the coming future? If gold accumulates in
the Treasury in excess of interest demands,
does not correct principle as well as solemn
pledge obligate us to see the surplus goes, if
not to create a sinking fund, at least in posi-
tive curtailment of the national indebtedness?
Perhaps in this particular we neffdnotbe much
exercised. Should the Secretary be at all suc-
cessful in funding, at no remote day, the coin-
interest bonds will be so included that it is not
likely the Treasury very long or very soon will
be burdened with a specie plethora.
• But if such surplus is probable hereafter,
may not the mode of disposing of it be im-
proved and made more satisfactory? In tho
best condition of the market the present at-
tainment of gold is difficult and expensive,
cheerfully submitted to, it is true, while the
exigencies of Government needed and de-
manded it to maintain its credit and enable it
to make loans. When thus hardly obtained,
its sale for currency to go to the commonest
uses of Government forccs the consideration
upon the minds of business men whether the
extortion, as it were, of coin thus and the sale
of it in part for such a purpose is necessary,
economic, desirable, or even just. Would not
the commercial interests and business of the
country generally, and the credit of the Gov-
ernment in particular, be subserved, with no
detriment to any interest, if the Secretary was
authorized to sell any excess of gold over in-
terest requirements for legal tenders and cause
the cancellation of the same without substi-
tuting or issuing other notes or representatives
of indebtedness in lieu or in place of those
thus withdrawn from circulation?
This would be reduction of the public debt,
in a small way indeed, but in the way and by
the very instrumentality, if not in the very
mode, solemnly covenanted and pledged to be
done in and by former legislation. I have no
doubt the announcement of such an authoriza-
tion and requirement would be gladly hailed
by all who desire to have the Government keep
faith in all its implied as well as its specific
obligations. I can conceive of a simple method
of treating and disposing of this surplus coin
question, which, if it did not, as some think,
operate an indirect reduction of the customs
imposts upon importations, to my mind would
be "a more excellent way." Let the Secre-
tary bo authorized on all customs payments of
$100 and over to receive, say ten per cent, of
the duties in United States non-interest-bearing
legal-tender notes, and cancel the same, with
no issuance of notes or other representative of
indebtedness in place of those retired. I will
notpause to particularize the obvious effects and
advantages of this disseverance of the Govern-
mentfrom gold speculations; itsconsideratenesa
of the importer's difficulties in gl eaning coin for
the customs; its direct appreciation of its own
paper in its receipt for its dues. Legal tenders
thereupon would begin to approximate in busi-
ness estimation, perhaps, I might better say,
