1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
gravitate at once toward our only constitutional
standard of value, the specie basis. Persistence
in this small percentage of retirement in time
■would bring an insensible proximity of specie
payments to as well as by Government. Is it not
worth the trial ? irrespective of being, as itwould
be, a quasi restoration or use of any surplus
beyond immediate wants, to the purpose and
object fixed and pledged by former legislation.
Certainly, if not an adjunct, it would be no
impediment to the Secretary's constant and
most commendable effort to contract, to retire,
and to prepare to resume.
But I must not enlarge. I am hopeful that
with economic habits and industrial pursuits
in private life; with carefulness in expenditures
and appropriations; with such increase of in-
ternal revenue as we have a right to expect
in a condition of tranquillity and assurance
throughout all our borders ; with a continuance
of the propitious agricultural seasons a be-
neficent Providence has generally heretofore
vouchsafed unto us; with the rapid disembow-
eling of those vast and varied accretions of
mineral wealth of old hid away in such won-
drous profusion in the matrix of mountain
ranges stretching through many parallels of lat-
itude, by the inevitable sequence and revolution
of events we shall ere long be in the very
midst of that age of gold, foretold, indeed, in
old song and story, but awaiting its fullest
realization here, here in the birth-land and
home of the Great Republic of the Ages.
Mr. WENTWOUTH. If the people were
asked what, next after the sufferings of the bat-
tle-field, had been the source of their greatest
grievances during the war, they would mian-
•imousiy respond that they wore those from an
irredeemable paper currency. Second only to.
war is the calamity of losing the reliable stand-
ard of values. No sooner was it announced
that the rebel armies had surrendered than all
classes, conditions, and sexes of people asked
how long before weights, measures, and values
would return to a fixed standard. The toiling
masses who had fought our battles, as they were
scattering to their various civic pursuits, wanted
to know how much labor they were to give for
a dollar and how much a dollar would buy. In
fine, they wanted to know what was to be the
national standard of a dollar; I mean its fixed
standard. They wanted to know if the dollar
upon which they made their labor contracts
was to bo the dollar when their contracts were
completed. They wanted to know if (ho wages
upon which they fed themselves and families
one week would nt>t starve them the next. The
speculator who had bought at high prices, the
Government contractor already made rich by
Government plunder but yet with considerable
stock on hand, attempted to stifle these cries
of patriotic penury by raising the question
whether the Government was not so near bank-
ruptcy that it would require a great many years
of depreciated paper currency before it could
pay its debts at par or before the people could
realize their legitimate standard of values-.
While the people were thus agitated between
their hopes of justice from a Government for
which tliey had sacrificed so much blood and
treasure, and their fears of cowardly specula-
tors who were boring holes in the bottom of the
ship of state while their braver southern allies
were fighting upon the qnarter-deck, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, at Fort Wayne, Indiana,
made a speech which indicated that the policy
of the Government was to be frugality and hon-
esty, and that all salutary measures would be
resorted to in order to glorify peace with sta-
bility in prices. I have only time to make one
quotation:
"I have no faith,sir,in a prosperity which is the
effect of a depreciated currency, nor can 1 see auv
safe path for us to tread but that which leads to spe-
cie payment. The extreme high prices which now
prevail in the "United States are an unerring indi-
cation that the business of the country is in an un-
healthy condition. WearemeasuringvaluesbyafaUe
standard. We have a circulating medium altogether
larger than is needed forlegidmatebiiMness: the ex -
cess is used in speculations. Tiie United States are
to-day the best market in theworld tor foreigners to
sell in, and among the poorest to buy in. The conse-
quence is that Europe is selling us more than she buys
of us, (including our securities, which oughtnot to go
abroad,) and there is a debtrolling up against us that
must bo settled in part at least with coin. Thclonger
the inflation continues themore difficult will itbefor
us to get back tothesolidgroundofspeciepayments,
to which we must return sooner or later. If Congress
shall early in the approaching session authorize the
funding of legal tenders, and the work of reduction
is commenced and carried on resolutely, but carefully
and prudently, we shall reach it probably without
serious embarrassment to legitimate business; ifnot,
we shall have a brief period of hollow and seductive
prosperity, resulting in wide-spread bankruptcy and
disaster.
_ "There are other objections to the present infla-
tion. It is, I fear, corrupting the public morals. It
is converting the business of the country into gam-
bling and seriously diminishing thelaborof the coun-
try. This is always tile effect of excessivecirculation.
Tho kind of gambling which it produces is not con-
fined to the stock and produce boards, where the very
terms which are used by the operators indicate the
nature of the transactions, but it is spreading through
our towns and into the rural districts. Men arc ap-
parently getting rich, while morality languishes and
the productive industry of thccountryisbcingdimin-
ished. Good morals in business, and sober, perse-
vering industry, if not at a discount, are considered
too old fogyish for the present times."
The sentiments of this speech wore at once
telegraphed and everywhere placed upon bul-
letin boards in advance of the newspapers as
containing the most gladdening news since the
surrender of reboldom. The Chicago Board of
Trade lost no time in unanimously indorsing
them. Other public bodies all over the country
did the same. That they were condemned by
reckless speculators 1 have no doubt, and for
the same reason that—
"No rogue e'er felt the halter draw,
With good opinion of the law."
Bnt, amid the overwhelming preponderance
of favorable public opinion, their condemna-
tion was as quiet as the captured traitor inside
a Union prison.
Gold had been as high as 287. In other words,
it had taken two hundred and eighty-seven
cents to make a dollar. It has been as low as
129, or one hundred and twenty-nine cents to
the dollar. Meanwhile the consumers and the
producers were making all their calculations
upon one hundred cents to the dollar. The
farmer was in his field, llic mechanic in his shop,
and the mere operative wherever he could find
labor. But all were distant from the telegraph.
Mow and then one could afford to take a daily
paper; but then he could only find time to read
it in the evening. Some could afford to take
a weekly paper; but, most, took none, and only
got news as icported from one to another. So
they knew but little of prices, except as tliey
wanted to buy or sell. But the men who wore
speculating upon their necessities were near
the telegraph and took the daily papers. Thus,
while pocketing their profits, they had time to
shuffle off their losses upon their ill-informed
neighbors. This speech indicated a speedy
termination of such a condition of tilings, and
brought to the few surviving soldiers of the
Revolution a reasonable hope that they might
live to see the day when the Government
founded upon their valor would cease to pay
them in depreciated paper whose value from
time to time they had no means of knowing.
Those who feared that the sentiments of that
speech were not official in their character soon
found relief in the annual message of the Pres-
ident of the United States, who spoke as fol-
lows :
"It is our first duty to prepare in earnest for our re-
co very from the evev-inerea^int? evils of an irredeem-
able currency without a sudden revulsion, and yet
without untimely procrastination. For that end we
must, each in our r^peetivc positions, prepare the
way. I hold it the duty of the Executive to insist
upon frugality in the expenditures; and a sparing
economy is itself a great national resource. Of the
banks to which authority has been given to issue
notessecured by the bond* of the United States wc may
require the greatest moderation and prudence, and
the law must be rigidly eniorced when its limits aro
exceeded. "We mav, each one of us, counsel our act-
ive and enterprising countrymen to be constantly on
their guard to liquidate debts contracted in a paper ,
currency, and by conducting bus-inesS as nearly as i
possible on a system of cash paj'inents or short credits :
to hoJd themselves prepared to return to the stand- !
ard of jrokl and silver. To aid our fellow-citizens in
thoprudent management ot theirmonetarv affairs the
duty devolves on us to diminish by law the amount of
paper money now in cnenlation. Five years ago the
bank-note circulation <>i tho country amounted to
not more than two hundred millions; now tho circu-
lation, bank and national, exceeds seven hundred
millions. Tho simple statement of the fact rccom-.
mends more strongly than any words of mine could
do the necessity of our restraining'this expansion,
ihe gradual reduction of tho currency is the only
measuro that can save tho business of the country
irom disastrous calamities; and this can bo almost
imperceptibly accomplished by gradually funding
the national circulation in securities that may }>e
made redeemable at tho pleasure of the Government.'''
Such sentinels as those are worthy the suc-
cessor of Jackson, whose valor at Now Orleans
may have been equaled in tho late rtsuyKut
whose superior valor in tho Cabinet against £t
corrupt internal enemy in the shape of a defi-
ant combination of irredeemable paper money
advocates has yet to be equaled. It stands out
as an example to us, who aro members of this
Congress, where we see the same class of men
who always bullied and often cornered us in the
late war striving to perpetuate their power. If
southern traitors are not to be forgiven, what
is to bo done with the worse than traitors of
the North who speculated upon our calamities,
monopolized all tho necessaries of life, and did
their best to ruin the credit of the country?
You passed laws against certain men. at the
South._ Tliey resisted them. You chastised
them into submission; and, repentant, they
are now thronging this city for pardons.. You
passed a law against the gamblers in gold.
Like> Napoleon, when lie sent Maximilian to
Mexico, these gamblers know that yon could
not carry on more than one war at once ; so
they nullified your law and defied you. What
Jeff. Davis could not do those gold gamblers
did. Yon passed your law on tho 17th of June.
They made you repeal it on the 2d of] July;
and you never crossed their U'ack again, al-
though at times you seriously doubted whether
the best interests of the country did not require
that you should reverse your guns and fire upon
those who were laboring to destroy your finan-
cial system.
The annual report of tho Secretary of the
Treasury accorded with the Pi cedent's mes-
sage, and was a reflex of tho Fort Wayne
speech. Once again he sent a thrill of joy
throughout the nation, and tho sons of toil
thought they could number the days of depre-
ciated paper money. lie says:
" Tho rapidity with which the Government notes
can be withdrawn will depend upon tho ability of tho
Secretary to dispose of securities. The influences of
funding upon tho money market will sufticienttyprc-
veuttheir too rapid withdrawal. Tho Secretary, how-
ever, believes that a decided movement, toward aeon-
traction of ihe currency is not only a public necessity,
but that it will speedily d'^sipate the anprehension
which very generally exists, that tho effect of such a
policy must ncee^anly be to make money scarce and
to diminish the prosperity of the country."
Since the earliest days of General Jackson's
administration I have carefully read the annual
report of every Secretary of tho Treasury, and
noticed its effect upon the public mind. I
never was so pleased with a report of the kind,
and 1 never knew a report that so universally
met with public approbation. After that report
had been published long enough to be appre-
ciated in the most distant parts of the Repub-
lic, this House took action. It was upon the
18tli of December, a memorable day, that the
members of the House of Representatives
almost unanimously assured the people that
upon the currency, as well ns upon the preser-
vation of the Union, its members were disci-
ples of Andrew Jackson. The vote was not
a mere gpneral indorsement of the Secretary's
report, which might be construed to moan every-
thing else but the very thing it did mean. It
was specific. It hit the nail directly upon the
head. It could have hit it nowhere else but
where it did and have been of any service to
the people. This House did not give a mere
general indorsement of a resumption of specie
payments, but it indorsed "a contraction of
the currency" as a means thereto. And there
is no other way in which you can bring about a
resumption. For whenever more paper money
circulates than is wanted by the regular de-
mands of business the market, is excited, spec-
ulation is encouraged, a panic follows, banks
suspend, and gamblers revel in the calamities
of the people who have lost every standard of
value. Every member of this House present
