1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
it. Why, sir, even suppose there is a difference
pf opinion, to a certain extent, as to the time
and manner of accomplishing a great work,
which we all desire to see accomplished at the
earliest possible day, does it follow that be-
cause there is that difference of opinion, to a
certain extent, greater or less, therefore there
is to be a collision ? I know very well that gen-
tlemen hang about the President and the White
House, and very probably try to persuade him,
and, whispering in his ear, (the Senate will re-
member the poetic illustration of the serpent
tempter, "squat like a toad at the ear of Eve,")
'insinuate that those who ought to be his best
friends, and who are his friends and supporters,
are not doing all they ought to do to sustain him.
Do they in their secret souls pay the President
the poor compliment to think that he does not
see through all these suggestions of what they
dare not openly speak? Do they think he is
not a man of sense, that he is nota'man of fixed
opinions, that he does not know his friends?
Let me say that, in my judgment, they mistake
him. Sir, there is no collision; and I say it—
be my word worth much or little—for the ben-
efit of the country, to add my word to that state-
ment of fact. Why? Because the President
has done nothing that his friends complain of,
and his friends in Congress have done nothing
that he can complain of.
Sir, what was his authority? He was Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army, and as su eh, when
the enemy ceased to exist, he had power neces-
sarily to control the rebellious States which
were thus reduced to subjection. It was Ins
duty to control them, and to control them as the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, having the
military power in his hands, to keep order, to
see that there was no anarchy: and if he chose
to say to the confederate States, or to any por-
tion of them, "I will appoint a provisional
governor for you; if you choose to come to-
gether in a certain way and make a constitution
of government for yourselves and take the power
into your own hands of regulating your own
domestic internal affairs, T will give you all the
aid I can, and when you do it to my satisfaction
and I think it is safe I will then withdraw the
Army, or such portion of it as 1 see fit, and leave
you to legislate for yourselves,1' he did what ho
had a perfect right to do and what nobody has
a right to complain of. I might have done dif-
ferently if I had been President, but 1 might
probably not have done so wisely as he did. It
is not for me to say that my opinion, had it dif-
fered from his. would have been wiser than his
or better than his; but what I mean to say is
that his policy went to that extent, and so far as
he had the power to exercise it in a given way
he exercised it rightfully, and we have no occa-
sion to complain of it. lie may think that these
States are ready to come back altogether, and
to send their Senators and Representatives to
Congress. I do not know how that may be. I
think they should come in at the earliest possi-
ble moment that they can come with safety. So
he thinks. Wo may differ as to the time.
But mark me, sir, no man in this country, to
my certain knowledge, has a greater respect
for the Constitution or a more profound respect
for the rights and privileges of the coordinate
branches of this Government than the Presi-
dent of the United States. His life has illus-
trated it; and whatever gentlemen may think,
he, in my judgment, would be the last man to
complain of Congress for acting with reference
to what is peculiarly incumbent upon them ac-
cording to their own judgment and sense of
propriety, so long as all the branches of the
Government agree in this, that when it can be
done safely, at tile earliest possible moment,
all the States should be restored to their posi-
tion in the Union. So long as that is agreed
upon, and we are all working together to that
end, it is not to be expected I hat my friends
here, there, or elsewhere, will quarrel with me
for diffei ing with him in opinion as to the time
and as to the manner in doing it, and more es-
pecially shall 1 not think of quarreling with him
when it belongs to him to decide, and not to
Now, sir, all this talk about the President's
policy—whether it comes from the other side
of the House, from which it may properly eome
and be heard, or whether it comes from our
side of the House, from which, in my most re-
spectful judgment, it cannot so properly come,
in the present state of things—amounts to noth-
ing at all. I have thought that all the danger
there was in this country arising from any
source would come from extremes. Some men
cannot get things just exactly according to their
ideas and exactly in their own time, and other
men want to be considered as knowingjmore
about affairs than anybody else; and they stand
as somebody—I think it was my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wii.sox]—said yesterday, as a
sort of scatteration party that really do not affect
the great issu  one way or the other. Here are
Congress, doing what ? What they ought to do,
what no man can dispute their perfect right to
do, what no man can dispute their entire duty
to do ; and that is this: before taking a step
which is perhaps to affect the welfare of this
Government in all future time, and in acting
upon a question that belongs peculiarly to them,
the united wisdom of the nation as manifested
through its agents in Congress deems it a duty
to deliberate quietly, calmly, and patiently upon
what it is best to do. Do you think anybody
will quarrel with that? We do not mean to
jump at conclusions; we mean to act as fast as
we can safely ; but we do not mean to be hur-
ried beyond what our judgmeut dictates as the
necessary time for deliberation and for action.
The nation will, however, understand, and does
understand, that while Congress is doing this,
it is anxious, as the people are anxious, that
all these questions should be settled at the
earliest possible day, that we may get rid of
all this agitation, that wo may be again a united
people, with all the stars in the flag, which my
honorable friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Doo-
i.itti.k] says are there, and having a light to
shine one with as much luster as another; and
so far as I am concerned—and i believe that to
bo the general feeling of the friends with whom
1 act—I seek not to impose nor shall I try to
impose any conditions upon any people in this
Union who are to make a part of us that either
now or at any future time shall have anything
in them of tile-character of degradation.
It is not to be supposed, it cannot possibly
he supposed for a moment, that the people of
the confederate. States who have been at war
with us feel kindly toward us. I should not at
once feel kindly toward any enemy who had
conquered me, and through whom I had suf-
fered, even if I was wrong. Such is human
nature. Time is necessary to soften all ani-
mosities. Time is necessary to overcome pre-
judice. Time is necessary to make people
reflect calmly upon what has taken place. They
cannot do it in the heat of the contest or until
they have had time to cool. It is, therefore, to
be expected that much will occur, and for a
considerable period of time, that will occasion
still greater animosity perhaps, that will indi-
cate a state of feeling that may render a perfect
reunion apparently impossible; but I trust in
God that the time will come and is not far dis-
tant when all the States may be properly rep-
resented here. I agree fully with the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Guthrie]
who addressed the Senate the other day, in
saying that 1 should be as much averse as ho is
to doing anything which by any possibility
should be construed into putting a stigma upon
any people who are to become members of this
community of States, if they are not now.
But, while I say this, I say that I trust our
friends here will not allow themselves to be
hurried or to be frightened by any talk about
this policy or that policy, or this collision or
that trouble anywhere. I do not fear it. 1
believe, and I know, that there is patriotism
and magnanimity and love of country at both
ends of the a\enuo, and ' do not believe that
anything that can be said by anybody who is
disposed to make a difficulty will occasion one
with men constituted as we are. - I warn gen-
tlemen now that all the efforts they make in I
that direction will, in my judgment, prore total
failures, and they will find themselves reckon-
ing without their host.
Mr. President, I have said perhaps more than "
I ought, to say on that subject; but I desire to
enter my protest against this kind of discussion,
taking it for granted, as gentlemen seem to do,
that there was a difficulty, when they could not
tell where and about a subject they did not
know what. Either they do not understand it
or they purposely misrepresent it. I believe we
should go on, pass this measure and the series
of measures that we have decided upon, and
carry them into execution. Gentleman -will
make an outcry about their unconstitutionality;
they will threaten us with the growth of the
Democratic party, and what is to come after.
We will try to possess our souls in patience,
and wait until the calamity comes, and, when
it does, meet it with the best grace we can.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I rise
to reply to a single observation which caught
my car as the Senator from Maine was about
taking his seat, and I make this reply because
I desire it to be marked and understood. There
are a great many evil things in this country, and
those evil things have been culminating upon
us for a long time, and the culmination almost,
not quite, has been expressed in the last re-
mark of the Senator from Maine, when he says,
'' We have settled these things; we have de-
termined that we will do thus." Who are
"we?" The Senate of the United States?
The councilors who come here to take care of
and counsel about the great affairs of this Re-
public ? The persons with whom are charged
our great necessities? Are they the "we?"
No, not we, but us, the men who withdrawthem-
selves from the Senate of the United States and
make themselves a clique, a partisan crowd,
who go down into caucus and there settle what
is to be doue in the Federal Senate of the Uni-
ted Stales. Obsene that '• we'' does not cover
all of the Senate. The Senator says, "We have
settled these things, and therefore they shall be
done." Wickeder or worse we?ds never were
said in any high council hall in the world, and
they never should bo said in this council Hall.
It is within very recent years, and within the
time of the ascendency of the party of whom
the Senator is one, that men in caucus spoke to
the Federal Senate and did not speak in coun-
cil hall. I have a right by my commission which
accredits mo to this body to speak in this Cham-
ber as well as any man on this floor; but J have
no voice here, and I have been without a voice
for years, because I have not happened to coin-
cide with all the notions of those who now form
the majority.
The Senator from Maine arises here, and with
his stern voice and his semi-omnipotent power
says, "We say thus." Who are "we?" Are
'' we" a partisan crowd in the Senate Chamber
organized for partisan efforts, or are "we"
councilors of the nation?
Unhappily, Mr. President, for this nation,
the Senator speaks for partisan councilors in
this Hall, and not for the great nation, not after
consulting with" all the Senate, but seeking a
crowd who may possess a majority, that can
make a rule and compel results. These things
were not known in the former days of our Re-
public. and as far as my memory runs they were
not known in the days when the party to which
I belong were said to be in the ascendant.
Antagonist as we were to the party in opposi-
tion to us, we yet met them in council, and as
we differed we voted, and the result followed,
not by any rule made in an ante-chamber, but
by the best judgment of the gentlemen who sat
on the Senate floor. That high office that was
then filled by Senators of the United States ha3
been degraded, and the Senator from Maine
is boasting of it; that, calling his clansmen to
his heels, he with his retainers can achieve a
triumph against all argument, against all reason,
against the best judgment of men here on the
floor.
I say this is one of the worst signs of the
Republic. 1 do not speak ignorantly. _ This
was the uniform evil that affected republics in
