1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2391
I believe that the moral and physical cour-
age, the patience and skill, the operations in
every way which we have witnessed, indicate
General Grant as one of the fittest men to
command a great army and lead it to great
results. I agree with the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Raymond] in being willing not only
to,promote him to this office, but as I under-
stood him, and I hope I do not misunderstand
him, to a higher office whenever the happy
moment shall arrive. [Laughter and applause. ]
I hope I shall be excused if I have been led,
in the light of this honor, so grand, to violate
what I announced to be my purpose when I
arose. I hope the amendment I have offered
and this bill will be adopted.
Mr. DEMING. If no other gentleman de-
sires to speak I will call the previous question.
Mr. McKEE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call for a few moments.
Mr. DEMING. Certainly ; I will do so.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, I am very loath
to say anything on this question. But enter-
taining 4-he opinions I do in regard to it, I feel
inclined since this discussion has come up to
make a few remarks.
I regret very much that I am compelled to
differ with the gentleman who has charge of
this bill, [Mr. Deming,] and with those who
have advocated its passage. I would not de-
tract from in the least, nay, I would go further,
if possible, and add to the honor and esteem
which the people of our country entertain for
this champion of our Army. There is no man
in this country who holds him in higher regard
than I do. But I must here enter my protest
and raise my voice against what I conceivc to
be this following too much the precedents
which have been set, not by Governments con-
stituted like our own, but by Governments
whose forms our forefathers threw off when
they established our own.
For one, I do not desire at this day that my
country should turn back and imitate ancient
Greece or Home in conferring these great
honors upon he" heroes. I would not that my
own country should imitate despotic France in
her adoration for her successful chieftains. I
would not that my country should imitate the
example of monarchical England in conferring
vast emoluments upon those who have led her
armies to battle.
I regard this bill as antagonistic to the spirit
of our institutions, as anti-republican, as con-
trary to the genius which our forefathers in-
stilled into our Government when they founded
it. I have seen enough in my short experience
of life of what I may fitly denominate the aris-
tocratic element of our Army. I have seen
that spirit in the men who held positions in
our Army at the beginning of the rebellion
through which we have just passed. I have
seen it in the great struggle which our people
have waged against those who endeavored by
force to destroy the institutions of our land.
And the country will bear witness to the
truth of my statement when I say that it is not
to that element which the nation has fostered
and nourished that we to-day are indebted for
the fact that we have crushed out the most
mighty rebellion the world has ever seen. It
is to the people that we owe it; to those who
have not been educated in arms; to those who
have not received the fostering care of the
Republic, who have not been supported and
feasted upon the public Treasury, but who in
their might, at the call of their country, by their
patriotism and valor succeeded in crushing out
this great rebellion against the institutions of
our fathers. To them we owe it, and we owe
to the leaders who led them a debt of grati-
tude which the nation is not slow to acknowl-
edge, and which the people are ready and
willing and anxious to pay. But we owe them
nothing by way of emoluments; we owe them
nothing by way of rewards.
If we desire to reward the men who have
saved our country, let us begin with the maimed
and wounded and suffering, who have periled
their all in its defense, and who at the end of
the war have no honor but their broken and
dissevered limbs to carry to their graves.
I know this bill is but a small matter in the
way of expenditure. It takes but about some
twenty thousand dollars from the Treasury of
the United States and confers it upon the leader
of our armies; it is but a small affair. But the
idea which weighs upon my mind is that this
is contrary to the genius of our institutions—
aping, if 1 may use the term, those old Govern-
ments of Europe whose whole theory is anti-
republican, and whose example God forbid that
my countrymen with my sanction should ever
follow.
I am willing to reward our heroes. They
have their reward in the gratitude which fills
the heart of the nation. When the hero of
this war travels, as the gentleman said, from
one end of our country to the other, he is wel-
comed everywhere with the plaudits of a grate-
ful people. They regard him as a man de-
serving great honor, and they give it to him.
But I see no reason why we should establish
this rank. It is not needed for the Army.
It is not needed for the honor of the nation.
The brave soldiers who followed their leaders
through the war will not consider themselves
flattered if this rank should be conferred. They
do not ask that this new rank shall be created.
The hero for whom this honor is proposed,
though he would doubtless feel flattered by it,
is, I am quite sure, too modest a man to desire
this at the hands of his country.
I am sorry, sir, that I have felt compelled to
say thus much. What I desire—and I may as
well make the declaration here—is that this
Government shall extend its fostering care and
protection to those brave men who periled
their all for their country, who have no honors
to wear, and for whom we as a great Govern-
ment should provide by pouring out our treas-
ure liberally to them. I, for one, shall be
ready to vote any amount within reason, either
by way of bounties or pensions, to those brave
men who have fought for our nation during the
great struggle through which we have passed.
But, sir, 1 do desire that my country, through
her national Legislature, shall set to the world
no example which would imply that a repub-
lican Government wishes to worship men as
heroes.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker. I had hoped
that there would be no discordant voice in this
House upon the passage of this bill. I had
trusted that at least in reference to this testi-
monial of onr regard to so distinguished a char-
acter as Lieutenant General Grant there would
be but one voice here among the people's
Representatives.
I do not rise for the purpose of detaining
the House, or saying anything in regard to the
history of General Grant; for this has been
done fully and ably by those who have preceded
me. I desire, however, to state that I shall
vote for the passage of this bill, because I
believe it due as a testimonial of the nation's
gratitude to General Grant. I honor him, sir,
not only for his brilliant services in the field,
but because of his magnanimity in the hour of
triumph, and his genuine modesty. He has
conducted himself throughout this war inde-
pendent of party considerations or party in-
trigues, devoting himself to the vindication of
the true honor of the country in maintaining
the Constitution and preserving the Union. I
trust, sir, that when the vote shall be taken on
the passage of the bill, it will be unanimous.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, it was not my
purpose when this bill came before the House
to-day to say one word on the subject; but
representing, as I do in part, the State of Ken-
tucky, a portion of the country which during
the war felt so mueh the necessity of national
defense and aid, I feel it due to the occasion
that I should in my humble way express, im-
perfectly though itmay be, the gratitude of the
loyal people of that State to that great, that
good, and that renowned man, Lieutenant
General U. S. Grant.
I remember, sir—and I may be excused for
alluding to it—that period iu 1861, when the
Legislature of Kentucky was in session and
when the whole southern border of that State
was threatened by an armed force seeking to
overthrow and destroy the government of the
State as well as the Government of the United
States._ At that time our people were divided.
And, sir, when General Polk took possession
of Columbus, General Grant, without authority
from the Government, but acting on the con-
victions of his own judgment and with charac-
teristic energy and promptitude, took possession
of Paducah, thus saving Kentucky from the
destructive power and control of the rebellion.
I remember when, on the 4th of July, the
news was telegraphed to us that General Grant
had captured Vicksburg, and when the people,
looking to this and all else that he had done,
rejoiced we had such a man as General Grant.
Yes, sir, the nation owes it to him, and no men
would be more proud of it than the soldiers
who served under him.
This is a republican Government. General
Grant, by his influence at the head of a great
and good army, has secured to us an independ-
ent republican Government. The nation owes
him the honor and should give it to him. Where
is the man in Europe or on this continent who
has done so much for republican liberty as Gen-
eral Grant? Where is the man who has done
so much for freedom as General Grant? Where
is the man who has lifted our flag higher and
brought it back unsullied than General Grant?
Where is the man with so much endurance and
so much devotion? Where is the man beside
General Grant who fought through wilder-
nesses, through swamps, and snatched victory
even from the valley of death?
It does me good to yield my tribute to this
great general. I f I had never seen him and only
known him through the reports of his own sol-
diers who weep with delight when they talk of
him, I would be glad to vote for this bill to-day.
I regret, sir, that a sentiment in this House
to-day should come from my own State which
is unwilling to give him that high credit which
he deserves.
Mr. McKElJ I do not want the impression
to go out, which might be inferred from the
remark just made, that I am indisposed to give
General Grant the credit which he deserves.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I presume this
bill, introduced by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washhurxe,] has no partisan purpose, but
is merely the expression of the Representatives
of the people of the United States of the fidel-
ity which the people attach to a great general
of the country. I have always made it a prin-
ciple of my life that those who have shown
heroism and bravery, without regard to party,
are and ought to be entitled to the respect and
high consideration of the people they have
defended and sustained.
I think I can say with certainty that upon
this side of the House, which I partly represent,
no one will disagree with the sentiments which
have been urged here by those who have advo-
cated the passage of this bill. But, sir, I feel
that no stigma ought to be attached to any
man in this House because he may disagree
with the sentiments of others or what they
believe the properaction of Congress should be
in regard to soldiers of the Army. I am not here
to find fault with the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. McKee] because he cannot be
able to agree with the views of a majority of
this House in the votes they may cast on this
question. I feel there is no more solemn duty
resting on any member of Congress, regardless
of what objections may be made to him polite
ically, than to stand here and express what he
sincerely believes, whether his views meet with
the approbation of a majority of the whole
people of this country or not.
In favoring this bill on my part I am moved
by no consideration of party and with no object
to advance in rank and eminence the Lieuten-
ant General of this countrj above those who
have participated with him in the many battles
and victories which during the last four and a
