sea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2S,
ancient times. The power of a majority user!
tyrannically is ihe worst tyranny in the world.
So it has been affirmed ; so all history teaches.
A disposition lias been affirmed of the majority
here to exhibit their power and boast ol it, and
say, u Wo are the Senate ; you who sit on the
other side of the Chamber are nobody; we have
the power and God has enlightened us," as
some of (hem say; but the Senator from. Maine
does not say that. They have the power to
accomplish results, and therefore, things, are to
be- done, aad the question is not whether it is
right or wrong, but " we," the majority, "have
the power and we will maintain it." It hap-
pened a long tinoe ago that a man who had a
desperate purpose in his head said, expressing
Ms wrath:
" Like to tlao Pontic sea,
Whose icy current and eoinpui^ive eourso
No'or feels retiring ebb, but keeps due on
To the JPropontic and the Hellespont;
Even so my bloody thoughts, with violent pace,
Shall ne'er look back ne'er ebb to humble love,
Till that a capable and wide revenge
Swallow them up."
That is the expression of the power of ma-
jority. They may remember that that ol d Moor
of Venice, when he had expressed his triumph
in action andhad achieved all thathis wrath com-
manded, fell down and placed the dagger to his
own bosom. I say to gentlemen who command
the majority now and wlio do it with a wrathful
force, that they may find ihe time when they
will bo very much like the Moor of Vcnice, who,
not during the exercise of his force but after-
ward, came to the consciousness of the great
wrong that ho had committed.
Now I, as northern a man as any one on this
floor, say to gentlemen that it is well to consider
whether there may not be others than the Sen-
ator from Maine and other Senators from the
Now England Stales that belong to this Union.
My own impression is that as true men belong
to this Confederacy in every part of the Union
as belong to any part of the New England
States. 1 think that as good men belong to my
own State. I think that on a former occasion
1 stated—I beg pardon now for repeating it—
that when the Union was in trouble, 1 first
affirmed on my coast that ii had to bo main-
tained, On that occasion I was tlio lirst who
dared to affirm that it should lie maintained, and
1 did H in the presence of pistols and knives;
1 was then considered a very good Union man,
but in these modern times, in the times of which
we are presently speaking, 1 am not. considered
a very good Union man. My colleague from
California who followed me on that occasion
remembers the incident to which 1 have; alluded,
and lie remembers that I made, the first Union
sjtw.h made on our coast., and it was at a time,
when almost everybody who was called to speak
failed.
Now, it is not worth while for New England
Or for ihe middle Stales, or for the northern
Slates to engage in these discussions. For my-
self, I say that, these discussions anger me, be-
cause wise men, just men, true men, ought, to
drop all such considerations and come to the
just appreciation of the condition in which we
arc. I oilier with Senators about many matters
of detail, but probably not so much in regard to
conclusions. I think we ought to go to work
and vote on proper measures of legislation
and arrive at just conclusions. I happen to be
one of those who do not believe that New Eng-
land knows as much about the South as 1 do
myself, living between South and North, if you
please, and i shall exercise my own judgment.
Lot us go to work and do our business, settle
this pending question and settle other questions
that, are before us, without much further dis-
cussion. I believe I have not troubled the
Senate much, and shall do so no more now.
Mr.HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I did not
intend to say another word on the bill now be-
fore the Senate, but as the Senator from Maine
made quite a direct allusion to a portion of the
argument which J felt it to be my duty to pre-
sent. 1 will very briefly reply.
f do not, in the first place, intend to reply at
any length to that portion of his speech which
was political. Of courso ho knows that he dif-
fers from the minority hero upon the question
upon which he has expressed an opinion, and
that was, that the Democratic party was re-
sponsible for the late war. My views are simply
these: this was a Government, a confederation
of equal States, each State secure, under- the
Constitution, in the control of its domestic af-
fairs. Its domestic inst itutions were "not at all
to be controlled by the Federal Government.
In respect to one of the institutions of a portion
of the States, there was a constitutional guar-
antee of its protection, and all the States were
pledged in good faith to stand by that guarantee
as by" every other provision of the Constitution.
1 thought that any disregard of the obligations
of the Constitution, any attack upon the pro-
visions of the Constitution, any refusal to obey
any portion of the Constitution, -yas revolution-
ary in its character and tended to disruption,
and I did think, for a number of years, some of
the States in the North, and many of the peo-
ple of the North, under the sentiment that there
was a higher law than the Constitution, had
refused that sort of respect to a portion of the
Constitution which was necessary for the peace
and quiet of the country. On the other hand,
I think that there were men in the southern
States, known as (ire-eaters, disturbers of the
peace, that took advantage of what was a partial
sentiment of the North, to excite a very violent
prejudice on the part of the people of the South
toward the people of the North. I then believed,
and i yet believe, that it was the agitation by a
portion of the men of the North and the agita-
tion by a portion of the men of the South that
got the people of the North and the people of
the South to hate each other, and thence came
war. That was my opinion then, and that is
my opinion now.
I do not admit the force of the Senator's ar-
gument that in the South the Democratic party
was particularly strong, and becausc the revo-
lution broke out in the South, therefore the
Democratic party, as a party, arc responsible
for it. When the men of the South wont off
into revolution they separated their connection
with the Democracy of the North. Then the
Democracy of the Nortli stood alone upon its
fealty and its allegiance to the Constitution of
the Union- Sir, is it fair to say that because
a portion of the Democratic party was found
in the South, and that, a portion of those men
were guilty of wrong, therefore it attaches to
the whole party? Does the Senator ignore that
mighly party at the North? Is he not aware of
the fact that Indiana and Illinois almost con-
tinuously were Democratic Stales? Does he
ignore the fact that in the groat empire State
of Ohio the Democratic party for half the time
had maintained an ascendency? Does he dis-
pute the fact that in the great State of Penn-
sylvania the Democratic party for many years
controlled its affairs? Does he not know that
in the Empire State of New York the Demo-
cratic party prior to and up to the present time
has been and is a mighty power? Then, sir,
stionghere, strong in the North alone, giving
the great vote thai, tho Senator from Kentucky
referred to yesterday, a mighty party within the
northern States alone, it did not cease to be a
party because the southern Democracy went
olf from it and went into revolution. If the
Senator can satisfy himself that to deny consti-
tutional obligation, and to set up above that the
conscience of the citizen against the Constitu-
tion to agitate those questions which the Con-
stitution has settled, is not revolutionary in its
tendencies, that it does not tend to disrupt and
break up the Union, then the Senator can sat-
isfy himself that his portion of the people are
not at all responsible.
Nor, sir. do 1 undertake to discuss the fur-
ther question which lie understands very much
better than J do, who has a special right to the
confidence ofthe President of the United States.
T did not help to elect him, the Senator did. I
hope the President will confine his patronage
to the men who helped to elect him. That is
my feeling upon that subject, and if that is at
all a disturbing question with the Senator, I
hope that he will net in future be disturbed by it.
The Senator says, notaddrossing us particu-
larly, but as a sort of friendly lecture to his own
party—and therefore I am not required to an-
swer it at length—that there is no danger of
disruption in his own party, that men may make
themselves perfectly easy on that subject. I
have not been disturbed upon that question,
and I have not heard of any Democrat saying
he was disturbed about it. Who has been'dis-
turbed? It must be on, his own side, it is not
here; none of us have said a word about it.
The Senator from Wisconsin the other day
alluded to it, and he-seemed to be afraid that
somebody was going to take the President away
from him. I hope he will be entirely satisfied
by the assurance given to him this morning by
the Senator from Maine.
Sir, if the Republican party was a little dif-
ferent party from that which it is, I should think
there might be some danger of disorganization.
I know the fact, because I have heard it here
in debate, that the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cowan] and the Senator from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Dtxok] do not agree with the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] and the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] I have seen their
animated and angry debates here upon ques-
tions of policy. I know, because I have ob-
served it in debate, that there is this difference
of opinion among the gentlemen of the majority;
but perhaps the Senator from Maine is right in
saying that no differences of principle, no dif-
ferences upon questions of policy are dangerous
to the organization of the Republican party.
There was said to be a stronger bond than prin-
ciple and policy, and that was "the cohesive
power of public plunder." It may be that the
Senator from Maine has more confidence, in the
power that may possess over the union of his
party than the cohesive power of principle. Ho
understands this question better than I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
that his experience of the strength of that prin-
ciple has probably taught him to have great
confidence in it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I concede to the Sen-
ator from Maine that my observation is that
public plunder is a very powerful bond of union;
but I had not in the Democratic party found it
to possess the power that the Senator himself
seems to think it possesses in his own party.
We know there is a difference of opinion, we
know that a very prominent and powerful Sen-
ator of the majority denounced a message of
the President of the United Stales as " white-
washing" in its character. We know that the
Senator from Ohio dissented in very bitter terms
t}ie other day from the policy of the President,
and especially in reference to his pardoning of
rebels. We know, because we hear it in the
Senate, that there are these differences. But
perhaps the Senator from Maine is right when
he admonishes liis friends that there is no clan-
ger, that the President is not going to fall off
from them. That is not a question that 1 choose
further to debate ; it is a question of a domes-
tie sort belonging to the party in power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We will take care of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I dare say it will be
taken care of, as I suggested. I wish to say
but a very few words now upon the bill.
The Senator asked a very forcible and pointed
question: whether if the responsibility were
upon the minority of this bod}r, we would pass a
bill like this. I believe he used the very strong
expression, would we dare to do it. Mr. Presi-
dent, individually I would dare to do whatever
my duty required; but there is one thing 1 would
not dare to do. Whatever seemed to be the
responsibility upon me or my party, I would not
dare to violate the Constitution in order to pass
any law. I cannot dare to do that. That is
not courage, it is crime. I did not think this
bill was allowed by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and therefore f opposed it, and in a
very plain sort of argument 1 attempted to give
my \iews upon it. I wish now to ask the Sen-
ator just as direct a question. Suppose the negro
population of the United Slates were separated
entirely from the white population, and lie were
required to form a constitution of government
