2392
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
half years have taken place in our midst. I
do not want to be understood in giving my vote
for this bill that aH our gratitude is to be cen-
tered in one man in the Army. I have not
forgotten there are other able and illustrious
generals in the Army entitled to the undying
gratitude of the American people as well as
those whose names appear in all that I have
heard during this discussion. I suppose it will
be the will of the President of the U mted States
on the passage of this bill to give the commis-
sion contemplated in it to Lieutenant General
Grant, as one who occupies the official position
in the Army the highest of any, except it may
be the President of the United States.
Sir, there is no man more  willing than I to
extend that gratitude to General Grant, be-
cause his heroism, his bravery, his patriotism,
his fortitude, and his determination through
this war have been uncqualed in the history
of the civilized world ; but while he has shown
this heroism and bravery, let us not forget the
thousands and hundreds of thousands of men
whom he led, of the men who faced the battle-
ments of the enemy, of the men whose blood,
whose valor, and whose patriotism equally con-
secrated the glorious victories which the Amer-
ican Army achieved during the bloody revolu-
tion through which we have just passed. It is
a tribute which we owe, not only to General
Grant, but to the men who followed him, to
those whom he commanded, that while we ex-
tend to this brave and illustrious general the
undying gratitude of the nation, we should at
the same time extend to those brave and faith-
ful soldiers the sentiment of respect, and es-
teem which we cherish for every man who has
engaged in this war for the suppression of the
rebellion.
But, sir, General Grant has that which com-
mends him to my respect much more than many
others who were engaged in the war. 1 mean
his Christian charity, his meekness, and his hon-
orable manhood in granting to those whom
he had subdued the rights which civilization
demands shall be extended to an enemy that
is at your feet.
When General Lee, whose ability I suppose
will not be denied, as it never has been denied,
by any gentleman on this floor, surrendered
his syvord to General Grant, it was handed back
to him, as a manifestation of that Christian
charity and goodness of heart which should
characterize a true-hearted hei-o when his en-
emy is at his feet. General Grant was ready
to extend to his conquered adversary those
principles of civilized warfare which our fathers
extended to their enemies in the bloody days
of the devolution.
But, sir, this is no new office that is proposed
to be given, if I understand it. If my recollec-
tion serves me right, in reading the history of
this country, General Washington occupied
the same position that we now expect to be
given to General Grant, or to such other gen-
eral as the President of the United States in
his wisdom may see fit. I believe that the
mantle of the illustrious Washington may well
fall upon the shoulders of General Grant. I
believe that he has walked in the footsteps of
the^ Father of his Country, and has shown an
amiability of character and a tenderness of
heart towaid his foes that Washington did to
those who had given aid and comfort- to the
followers and adherents of King George during
the seven years of the revolutionary war.
Therefore it is with pleasure that I record
my vote in favor of that hero, and I do it with
a sentiment that it is not for him alone, but as
a recommendation to the people of the coun-
try that they shall stand by those whose illus-
trious deeds of valor have been exhibited on
the field of battle, whether as officers or sol-
diers, without distinction of rank or position.
Mr. SHELLABARGBR. 1 rise, Mr. Speaker,
for the purpose of making a single statement
in regard to a matter alluded to in the remarks
of my colleague, _ [Mr. Finok.] With exact
justice and propriety, my colleague stated that
in the services of General Grant there had
appeared nothing of the partisan ; that his pub-
lic life was characterized by a devotion to his
country without regard to partisan opinions or
prejudices. The remark that 1 propose to make
in connection with that is, that in no act in the
life and service of General Grant, to my mind,
is the sagacity and foresight of the distinguished
Lieutenant General more plainly indicated than
in the fact that nearly one month before the
head of this uation had discovered that slavery
must be stricken down before liberty could be
saved, that great fact was announced by Gen-
eral Grant, and in terms fearless and distinct,
the vigor of which startled the American mind
at the time it was announced by this pioneer
upon the great subject of emancipation. I
undertake to say here, in the face of the nation,
that the sagacity of the Lieutenant General as
a military commander was nowhere more com-
pletely vindicated than it was in that foresight,
that determined, and announced in advance,
that policy which is contained in the letter which
I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read
—a letter which bears date nearly a month
before the proclamation of emancipation.
The Clerk read as follows :
Vicksburg, Mississippi, August 30,1862.
Dear Sir: * * * * The people of the
North need not quarrel over the institution of sla-
very. What Vice President Stephens acknowledges
theeorner-stoncof the confederacy is already knocked
out. Slavery is already dead and cannot be resur-
rected. It would take a standing army to maintain
slavery in the South, if we were to make peace to-
day, guarantying to the South all theirformer con-
stitutional privileges. X never was an abolitionist;
not even what couhl be called anti-slavery; but 1 try
to judge fairly and honestly, and it became patent to
my mind early in the rebellion that the North and
South could never live at peace with each other except
as one nation, and thatwithoutslavery. As anxious
as 1 am to see peace established, I would not, there-
fore, be willing to see any settlement until this ques-
tion is forever settled.
Your sincere friend, U. S. GRANT.
Hon. E. B. Washbubxe.
Mr. UPSON. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the recommendation of the
committee in regard to striking out the third
section of this bill. That section provides that
this office shall terminate with the life of the
first appointee. It strikes me that this testi-
monial will be more valuable if we make it
special; and it is also in accordance with the
precedent, for when General Washington died
this office died with him. If we make this a
permanent office, it will not be a special testi-
monial, and we shall lessen the honor we intend
to confer. 1 hope that amendment will not
prevail, but that the third section will be re-
tained in the bill as it originally stood.
The SPEAKER. The third section of the
bill has been already stricken out.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I should not
attempt to trouble the House with a moment's
remarks were it not for the amendment which
has been offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
The great struggle through which we have
passed for the preservation of the nation's life
has developed great virtues and merit in the
American character; and among those virtues
and that merit nothing stands out, in my esti-
mation, more conspicuous than the merit of
the common soldiers who have fought, under
competent generals, the great battles that have
secured our liberties. Sir, I should feel myself
incompetent for a seat in this House if it were
possible for me for a single moment to ignore
the merit of those soldiers.
Mr. Speaker, there never was such an army
before upon the face of the earth. The sun
never shone upon such an army. I pray God
that the necessity for its repetition may never
occur in the world. It was an outpouring of
the loyal people of the country; the giving up
of sons, of fathers, of husbands, with all the
comforts and endearments of pleasant and
happy homes, all surrendered at the shrine of
our country's honor and glory and existence.
I subscribe, therefore, to all that has been said
upon this subject so eloquently and so well by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. McKee;]
and I strike hands with him here to-day, and
with other gentlemen upon this floor who think
as he does, in a solemn, irreversible compact-
to render to these gallant men, who have come
forward voluntarily to save the nation, every
benefit, every reward, every compensation,
which it is in our power to give them.
But, Mr. Speaker, I will not go on to Sfieak
of the great characteristics of the American
Army. It is neither necessary nor fit. I know
there is not a man here, nor within the extended
borders of this Government, who does not re-
spond to this sentiment, and is not willing at all
times and on all occasions to acknowledge it.
But, sir, this is not the only development that
this war has made. It has brought out the
genius and ability of men in America for the
highest command in the field, and for the most
skillful operations in military service. And,
sir, in these developments no single man stands
higher, shines brighter, or is more distinctly
before the world than General Grant.
Let the minds of members here to-day recur
to the year 1864. Let them remember how then
the fate of this nation quivered, as it were, in
uncertainty and in doubt. Let them remember
how this man of iron will, of modest deport-
ment, and of lion heart, took these gallant sol-
diers, the volunteers of a free people, and
marched through the Wilderness with them
against the most compact and powerful army
that the confederacy had. See him leading
those brave men through the continuous battles
of the Wilderness to Richmond, before it and
round it, until, as he himself said, the shell
of the rebellion was crushed and its hollowness
exposed to the world. And then behold this
man, when Richmond had surrendered, mod-
estly refusing to go into the city with display,
to be there first to take possession of the cita-
del that had so long resisted our conquest.
Behold him, sir, allowing others to march in in
triumph, because he saw that there was more
work to be done, and that work he was deter-
mined to pursue to its final accomplishment.
Leaving, then, the empty show and the place
of honor, you see him giving up to subalterns
the taking possession of the city of Richmond,
while he goes on steadfastly in pursuit of hi3
high purpose of making his work successful,
and compelling the leader of the armies of the
rebellion to lay down his sword before him.
"That is one of the instances that evince the
characteristics of the man, and that raised him
so high in the world's estimation.
And now what do we offer him by this bill?
We offer him, what I will not allude to, but
what we have beard so well described, and what
has been so happily depicted by the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Deming ;] we offer
him a small boon. Is it in imitation of aris-
tocratic or monarchical Governments that it is
proposed to do this? No; it is in imitation of
the great Ruler of all who bestows blessings
and rewards upon the just and righteous, and
punishments upon the others. I am not here
to-day to imitate what other nations have done
for their high chieftains and great military men.
But I desire to show my gratitude, with the
gratitude of this nation, in behalf of a great
and a good man. Let us do it in imitation of
divine authority, and not in imitation of man.
Because other nations who have preceded us
may have acted in the right way, that affords
no reason for refusing to pursue a just path.
One word more. I hope this House will not
adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] Thereisanother
man—and I will say, Mr. Speaker, other men—
in the recent military history of this country
who deserve to be remembered. Though I eon-
cede to General Grant an elevation in groat
deeds and in great achievements higher than
any other man in this war, God so ordered,
and he but fulfilled his mission. But there
are other names connected with the history of
America which, if they are not written so high
upon the scroll of fame as that of General
Grant, will be found but a little way below,-
and one of those names, I am proud to say,
belongs to the State of Ohio.
