1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
but six, on the 18th of December, voted for the
following resolution. And it must be remem-
bered that we were then fresh from our con-
stituents, and sympathized with them. Shoddy
had not then sent on its lobby.
" Mr. Alley (the rules having been suspended for
that purpose) submitted the following resolution,
namely:
" J{cQoJvedt That this House cordially concurs in the
views of the Secretary1 of the Treasury in relation to
the necessity of a contraction of the currcncy, with
a view to as early a resumption of spccie payments
as the business interests of the country will permit;
and we hereby pledge cooperative action to this end
as^spcedily as practicable.
^ The same having been read,
*Mr. Alley demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question ordered
ana put, namely, Will the House agree to the resolu-
tion?
" And it was dccided in the affirmative—yeas 144,
nays 6, not voting 3U.
" The yeas and nays being desired by one fifth of the
members present,
" Those who voted in the affirmative are :
Mr. John 13. Alley, Mr. And'w J. Kuykendall
William 1J. Allison, Addison H.Laflin,
Oakos Ames, George R. Latham,
Sydenham E.Ancona, George V.Lawrence,
George W. Anderson, William Lawrenco,
Jame« JI. Ashley, John W. Longycar,
John D. Baldwin, Samuel S. Marshall,
Nathaniel P. Banks, Gilman Marston,
Abraham A. Barker, James M. Marvin,
Portus Baxter, Joseph W. McClurg,
Fernando C. Beaman; Walter D. Mclndoo,
leunis G. Bergen, Samuel McKco,
John Bulwell, Donald 0. Moliuer,
John A. Bingham, Ulysses Mercur,
Henry T. Blow, George F. Miller.
OcoigcS. JJouUvolI, James K. Moorhead,
Benjamin M. Boyer, Justin >S. Morrill,
Augustus Urandcgee, Samuel W. Moulton,
James Brooks, Leonard Myers,
John M. Breomall, Wiiliam 10. Niblack,
llezckiah S. Lundy, John A. Nicholson
Header W. Clarko, Thomas E. Noel!
Sidney Clarke, Charles O'Neill,
Jtosooe Conkliug, Godiovo S. Oith,
Burton C. Cook, Ilalbcrt E. Paine,
gl<;J!>y Cullom, James W. Patterson,
William A. Darling, Sidney Porham,
JlenryL. I)awes. Charles E. Phelps,
John L. Dawson, Frederick A. Pike.
Joseph 11. Defreos, Tobias A. Plants,
Columbus Delano, Hiram Price,
Jlenry C. Doming, William lladford,
Charles J cni>on, Samuel J. Randall,
r i i" k Dixon, William JI, Kendall,
John 1' Dng!?s, Henry J. Raymond,
Charles A Lklndge, Alexander H. Rice,
Ihoinas D. Lhot, John 11. Rice,
John im^arquhar, Burwetl C. Hitter,
it1™™ Edward H. Rollins,
William L. Ftnek, Lewis W. Ross,
James A. Garfield, Lovcll II. Rousseau,
llcnry Gnder, Philetus Sawyer,
John A. Griswold, Glenni W. Scofield.
IRobcrt K Hale, George S. Shanklin,
Aaron Haidmg, Samuel Shellabargcr,
Abnei C. llardmg, Charles Sitgreaves
Roswell Har , Ithamar C. Sloan,
Rutherford B.Hayes, Rufus P. Spalding,
JnrnesH. ]).Henderson, John I<\ Starr,
?7'illjinTr>M15:by' £hom^ Stilwoll,
It.ilph Hill, Myer btrouse,
John llogan, Stephen Taber,
Sidney T. Holmes, Nelson Tavlor
bamucniooper _ Anthony Thornton,
Jiv1  cli'f "s,i ?<'wrcnco S. Trimble,
Asahel \V. Hubbard, llovv'd E.Trowbridep
Chester ]) Hubbard, Charles Upson, '
Hcmas Hubbard Henry Van Aernam,
John It Hubbard Burt Van Horn,
Mwm jY U.ibbo.1. Robert T. Van llorn, '
James K. Hubbvll, ljamel AV. Voorhees,
Calvm i. Uulliuid, Hamilton Ward
James Humphrey, Samuel L. Warner
lion C. ingorsoll, Klihn li. AVashburno,
T 'pma-s A. ,1 enekes, U<illiam B.AVashbura,
I'lnlip Johnson, Maitm AVclkcr,
(rt'orno Ar. J ulian, .7 oh n AVentworth,
xr'lr ?,T?; Kellian V. AVhalcy.
i V""V?1 ]> £ull°y. Thomas AA'ilhams,
 ?•''? ; Jf°t?°- J,lIncs F- Wilson,
Mieliaol \ kerr, Stephen F. AViison,
John II. lv.ea.-ham, Edwin R. V.Wright.
" Those who votod in the negative are;
Mr. Jehu Baker, Mr. Benjamin G. Harris
Amasa Cobb (4roen Clay Smith,
Jiphrann R. Eckley, M. Russoll Thayer."
I leave it for every man to make his own
record in this House, and I believe when a
man comes fresh from home he makes his best
record. 1 have been ordinarily successful in
public life; and if I was asked in my dying
hour to say how it was I had been so success-
ful, so l'ar as I have been successful, I would
Bay to the young men of this Kepublic that I
owe it to nothing but my fidelity to my con-
stituents. And when members come here fresh
from their constituents, knowing their feelings,
Knowing their wants, and place themselves
upon record, it is not for them te rise here and
explain how they came to give such votes.
Their explanations are due to their constitu-
ents. No power on God's earth can step in
between me and those men, whatever you see
fit to call them, who went up to the polls and
cast their ballots in my favor.
The veto of the United States Bank bill by
General Jackson did not fall upon the specu-
lators of this country with more crushing force
than did this resolution, appalling enough to
them in itself, but perfectly crucifying with its
immense majority. When the gold gamblers
made their raid upon this House two years ago,
they had but fourteen majority to overcome.
The vote stood 76 to 62. Besides, the attention
of Congress was engrossed" in the war. But
now there is no war, and the majority to over-
come is one hundred and thirty-eight. Then
they had the prestige of the high price of gold.
They predicted that the fall would be calami-
tous ; that it would ruin every one. But now,
we have the prestige of its comparatively low
price. It has fallen. It has fallen three times
as far as it has got to fall; and the injurious
effects cannot be individualized, while on every
side the advantages are perceptible. Again,
our banks will have a gold dividend in July and
another in January next, and many have gold-
bearing bonds in excess of 'their circulation,
and they can buy back their own gold for less
than one quarter of the price at which they sold
it. Besides, the banks have an advantage from
distant and diverse circulation, such as was
never enjoyed by banking institutions of any
age or country. What large business man does
not daily receive bills upon banks in almost
every State in the Union? I mention all these
things to show under what great disadvantages
our alarmists are laboring. It is up-hill work
for them to frighten any one after the progress
we have made toward resumption, over three
quarters of. the distance having been traveled.
The passage of this resolution so unanimously
has been a notice to all men of the policy of the
Government; and if they have been prudent,
they have prepared themselves for a gradual
return to a fixed standard.
But the policy of the Government was pro-
claimed even earlier than the Fort Wayne
speech. For on the 9th of March, five days
after the inauguration, the Secretary of the
Treasury made a speech to the heads of bureaus,
in which he said:
My chief aim will of course be to provide the
means to discharge the claims upon the Treasury at
the earliest day practicable, and to institute meas-
ures to bring the business of the country gradually
back to the specie standard, adeparture from which
although for the time being: a necessity, is no less
damaging and demoralizing to the people than ex-
pensive to the Government."
After this speech, I think all heads of bu-
reaus not concurring with it should have re-
signed their places. The moral rule is that a
subordinate remaining under his chief one mo-
ment alter he believes him to be in the wrong,
becomes a parliceps criminis. Afterthat speech
there should have been no pulling at both ends
of the rope at the Treasury Department. The
national Treasury should not be a house divided
against itself. Some people have a great deal
to say about Moses in the White House about
these days ; but! wish there was less mosaic in
the Treasury Department. I do not like to see
the responsible head of the Treasury Department
send a recommendation in at one door of this
House while irresponsible heads of bureaus
enter at another to oppose it. In sporting-
fields it is customary to give the hare a little
the start of the hounds ; but I thought one day
here that the hounds in their impationce had
got the start.
In accordance with this address so early
made, in accordance with the Fort Wavne
speech so universally approved, in accordance
with the message of our President, reflecting
the views of General Jackson, in accordance
with the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which no man in this House has yet
dared to assail, in accordance with the almost
unanimous vote of this House, the Committee
of Ways and Means have reported a bill. The
intention of that bill is to make the Secretary
of the Treasury master of the situation. He is
more interested than any other man can be in
bringing the paper of the Government to par.
He has contracts to make, debts to pay, and loans
to negotiate. He wants a stable market. He
cannot rely upon even his own estimates, when
it is in the power of a few men to inflate prices
in view of his necessities. His personal pride
and his official interest alike favor the smallest
possible margin between specie and paper,
while speculators, stock jobbers, and all kinds
of gamblers fatten upon the largest margins.
Such persons stand upon a par with sound busi-
ness men and the laboring masses in a nat-
ural condition of things. But the moment you
depart from that condition the chances are all
in their favor. Sound business men and opera-
tives are lost in fictitious values, while the fur-
ther you depart from them the more specula-
tors, stockjobbers, and gamblers are at home.
They want to crowd down the value of paper
to buy, and then they want to crowd it up to
sell. They combine to prevent competition,
and hope to control the market. If the Secre-
tary wants a loan, they want him to negotiate
with them; and the same with States, counties,
and individuals. They say it would ruin the
country to resume specie payments. They
would say the same if you should propose to
fix the value of Government paper at what it
now is. You could not name a value that would
suit them. Stability is their natural enemy.
Stability is the friend of the Government at
large, and of the people individually. Such
persons fear no one but the Secretary of the
Treasury. Within the last few days they have
combined to ran gold up to 140, and many of
them are paying large daily interest for carrying
gold until this loan bill can be defeated, when
they hope to force it up even above 140. New
York papers charge that the Secretary of the
Treasury has been obliged to sell gold in large
quantities to break up such combinations. He
has not sold near as much as is attributed to
him; but so long as he has the power to do it, it
is all the same to them. They ask us to tie the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury, so that
they can gamble in gold as recklessly as they
did during the war. They object to the bill of
the committee because it gives him too much
power; and the opponents of the bill in this
House, while pretending to be for restoring
the people their lost standard of value, place
themselves in the attitude of certain northern
men who professed to be fpr the late war, but
were opposed to every measure for carrying
it on. These men profess to be opposed to a
suspension of specie payments, but you cannot
get them to support any bill which leads to
resumption.
Now, when I have an object to accomplish
I must use all honestappliances necessary there-
for. If we expect the Secretary of the'Treas-
ury to compete successfully with the most des-
perate body of men in the world, we must confer
upon him all the necessary powers. This bill
was reported for that purpose, and is objected
to because it will accomplish it. Give mo a bill
that will more effectually attain the same object
and I will favor it. Showineanothermanmore
capable of doing the work than the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury and I will follow him. I
hear of but one other man connected with the
finances of this country who has a plan in oppo-
sition to that of the President, of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and of this House. And that
1 hear only from common report and the news-
papers. I refer to that of the Comptroller of
the Currency, which is said to be identical with
that so unceremoniously kicked out of this
House on Monday, the uth. Out of respect to
tne poor soldiers who were numerous that day
m the galleries, I was glad to see any proposi-
tion which indirectly tended to reduce their pay
and pensions by diluting the currency met at
lie threshold. The question was raised on its
reception, and when we consider what ques-
tionable propositions this House las received
at this session, the rejection of a bill by 114
to 17 must be a very withering rebuke; and
