1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Need I speak of the man who went to At-
lanta through a field of fire and amid the hail
of lead and iron, and who from Atlanta went
to the sea, and—? But I need say no more.
His name belongs to Ohio and belongs to the
nation, and I trust and believe that while the
name of Grant lives the name of Sherman will
not be forgotten. And when the place now
held by General Grant shall be vacated by
his promotion I want the hearts of the Ameri-
can people to be permitted to speak out what
they now feel; and that the name of Sherman
shall take the place now occupied by that of
Grant.
Mr. DEMING-. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. WHALEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. DEMING. It is now late and I cannot
yield.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was upon agree-
in^tothe amenduientproposed by Mr. Stevens.
The amendment was again read, as follows:
Provided, That whenever a vacancy shall occur in
the office of lieutenant general, by promotion or
otherwise, the vacancy shall not be filled until after
the death or resignation of Lieutenant General
Winfield Scott; and thereafter there shall be but
one lieutenant general.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 78, not voting
55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell, Brandegcc.Brom-
wcll, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Conkling, Defrees, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Grinnell, AbnerO. Harding, Hart,
Henderson, Higby, Holmes, llotehkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Kelso, George V. Lawrence,Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, McKee, Mercur, Miller,
Morris, Paine, Perham, Plants, Scofield, Stevens,
Francis Thomas, Van Aemam, Warner, Williams,
and Stephen F. Wilson—50.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Bald-
win, Banks, Bingham, Blow, Boyer, Bucliland, Chan-
ler, Cobb, Coffroth, Cook, Cullom, Dawson, Delano,
Deming, Denison, Eckley, Ehlridge, Farquhar, Ferry,
Finek, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Chester 1). Hubbard,
JamesR. Hubbell, James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Ju-
lian, Ivasson, Kelley, Ketcliam, Kuykendall, Laflin,
Latham, William Lawrence, LeBlond. Marshall,Mar-
ston, McRuer, Myers, Niblack, Noell, O'Neill, Orth,
Patterson, Phelps, Piltc, Samuel J.Randall, William
H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Shel-
labargcr, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Strouse, Tay-
lor, Thornton, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn. Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.
Washburn, Welkef, Whalcy, James F. Wilson, Win-
dom, Winfield. and Wright—78.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Barker, Bergen, Blaine, Bundy, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Duinont, Egirleston, Garfield,
Goodyear. Grider, Hole, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hayes* Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Dennis Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey,
Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Marvin, McCullough,
Mclildoe, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton,Newell, Nich-
olsfcn, Pomeroy, Price. Radford, Ritter, Schenek,
Shanklin, Sloan, Starr, Stilwell,Taber, Thaver, John
L. Thomas, Trimble, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Wentworth, and Woodbridge—55.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. LE BLOND. Trusting that the vote on
the passage of the bill will be unanimous, or
nearly so, I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 11, not voting
56; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buokland, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Daw-
son, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eokley, Eldridge, Eliot, Farquhar,
Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner, Grinnell, Griswold, Ab-
ner C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, Holmes, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard-, Chester D. Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Ju-
lian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso. Keteham. Kuykendall,
Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence. Le Blond, Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Mars-
ton, McRuer, Miller, Morris, Myers, Niblack, Noell,
O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Patterson. Perham, Phelps, Pike,
Plants, Samuel J. Randall, William H. ,Randall,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Rogers,
Rollins, Ross,'Rousseau, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stevens,
Strouse, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
I. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, Whaley, James F. Wilson,
Windom, Winfield. and Wright—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Coffroth, Denison, Farns-
worth, Harris, Higby, Loan, McKee, Mercur, Mor-
rill. and Stephen F. Wilson—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley,Barkcr.Benjamin, Bergen,Blaine,
Bundy, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dumont, Eg-
fleston, Garfield, Goodyear, Grider, Hale, Aaron
larding, Hayes, Hill, Ilogan, Hooper, Demas Hub-
bard, John H.Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M.
Humphrey, Jenekes, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Marvin,
McClurg, McCullough, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Moul-
ton, Newell, Nicholson, Pomeroy, Price. Radford,
Ritter, Shanklin, Sloan, Starr, Stilwell, Taber,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, and Wood-
bridge—58.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ANCONA stated that ho had paired
with Mr. Blaine.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. DEMING moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF PROCEEDING TO-MOltROW.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the session of
to-morrow be devoted exclusively to debate,
as in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on the President's message.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I move that leave be granted
to the Delegate from Montana [Mr. McLain]
to have printed as part of the debates some
remarks m regard to the interests of his Ter-
ritory.
The motion was agreed to.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix. ]
national currency.
0
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill relative to the national cur-
rency ; which was read a first and second time,
and rcfcrredto the Committeeon the Judiciary.
MARY C. REEVES.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Mary C. Reeves,
administratrix of Albert Reeves, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
internal revenue bill.
Mr. LAFLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion for punting
extra copies of the internal revenue bill with
the amendments agreed upon by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, have instructed me
to state that they have examined the amend-
ments so far as they have been determined
upon by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and have consulted with the chairman of that
committee; and the conclusion which they have
reached is, that as the amendments thus far
agreed on are not material in their charac-
ter, it is not advisable to order any extra cop-
ies at present. The committee, however, will
be very glad to order the printing of extra
copies, if there should be made hereafter any
amendments of such a character as to justify
the expenditure.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
and joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 214) for the relief of
Colonel R. E. Bryant;
An act (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of R.
L. B. Clarke;
An act (No. 473) to extend the jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims; and
A.joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) for the
relief of Rev. Harrison Heermance, late chap-
lain of the one hundred and twenty-eighth
regiment New York volunteers.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which
they requested the concurrence of the House.
An act (S. No. 149) for the relief of Daniel
Winslow;
An act (S. No. 176) for the relief of George
Henry Preble, a commander in the Navy of
the United States;
An act (S. No. 225) for the relief of the
Amoskeag Manufacturing Company;
An act (S. No. 258) to incorporate the First
Congregational Society of Washington ; and
An act (S. No. 278) for the relief of Captain
John H. Crowell, quartermaster of the United
States Army.
The message also_ announced that the Sen-
ate had concurred in the amendment of the
House to jointresolution(S. R. No. 80) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Union
Pacific railway, eastern division.
mouth op the mississippi river.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the construction of
a ship-channel across the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
confiscation, etc.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States
in answer to a resolution of the 5th of March
last requesting the names of persons worth
more than ip20,000 to whom special pardons
have been issued and a statement of the amount
of property which lias been seized as belonging
to enemies of the Government or as abandoned
property returned to those who claimed to be
the original owners, transmitting reports from
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Secretary of War, and the Attor-
ney General, together with a copy of the am-
nesty proclamation of the 29th of May, 18C5,
and copies of the warrants issued in cases in
which special pardons are granted, and the
second, third, and fourth conditions of the war-
rant prescribing the terms, so far as property is
concerned, upon which all such pardons are
granted and accepted ; which were ordered to
be printed, and laid upon the table.
Mr. STEVENS moved that twenty thousand
extra copies be printed.
The motion, under the law, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
state department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following concurrent resolution from the
Senate:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That the standing Committees of
the two Houses on Public Buildings and Grounds be
instructed to inquire and report what further pro-
visions, if any, should be made for the accommoda-
tion of the State Department.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Maine, the res-
olution was concurred in.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wagon road in dakota territory.
Mr. BURLEIGH by unanimous consent
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion ; which were read, considered, and agreed
to:
Whereas an act of Congress was passed March 3,
I860,entitled "An act to provide for the construction
of certain wagon roads in the Territories of Idaho,
Montana, Dakota, and Nebraska;" and whereas by
said act the sum of $-0,000 was appropriated for the
construction of a wagon road from a point at or near
the mouth of the Big Sioux nver, via Yancton,
Dakota. Territory, to a point at or near the mouth of
the Big Cheyenne river, thence up said river.to its
main fork, thence up the north fork to a point ot
intersection with the road from Niobraia.; and
whereas the work on said wagon road is reported to
have been commenced and far advanced m 186o, by
orders from the Secretary of the Interior, during the
prosecution of which work treaties are claimed, to
have been made with the Indian tribes occupying
the country through which said road is located by
which the right of way was secured to the United
State?; and whereas the Secretary of the Interior is
represented to have ordered a suspension of work
