"1866..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3353
; The bill was read in full. It grants a pen-
sion to James L. Perham, of the tenth regl-
Dient Maine volunteers, of .eight dollais per
month, from' February 4, 1803, to November
17j-1864; amounting to $171 36.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN w. JONES.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill
for the benefit of John W. Jones ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read in full. It places the name
of Mr. Jone<!, late private of the seventeenth
regiment Ohio \ olunteer infantry, on the pen-
sion-roll, on the passage of this act, at the rate
now allowed to those who have lost the right
arm.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. HAHDING, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. ITAItDING, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported adversely on House bill
No. 88/3, for the benefit of Terence Kirby; also
on the petition of Major W. W. Post; also the
petition of llev. E. D. Simmons and others for
relief; also on the petition of Elizabeth Win-
ter; and the same were laid on the table.
ALMIIIA BERRY.
Mr. STILWELL, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back Senate bill
No. 375, to amend an act entitled "'An act
granting a pension to the widow of Major Gen-
eral Hiram G. Berry," with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read. By the act approved
March 3, 18G5, the name of the widow was
erroneously called Eliza Berry, and this bill
changes the name as above.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. STILWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported adversely on the fol-
lowing cases, the same having been provided
for by a general law, and they were laid on the
table:
G. C. Sholes, and seventy-five others, of
Wisconsin, praying for an increase of pension
to Samuel E. Stone.
Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus Butler.
Alexander Rider.
David Howo.
N. It. Sheetz, widow of John B. Sheetz.
CATHARINE F. WINSLOW.
Mr. SAWYER, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 327, granting a
pension to Mrs. Catharine P. Winslow.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Catharine F.
Winslow, widow of Lieutenant Colonel Wins-
low, on the pension-roll at the rate of thirty
dollars per month, to commence from the 7th
of July, 1804.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE 1<'R0M THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Smith,
one of their Clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the amendment of
House to the bill of the Senate (No. 2-13) to
extend the time lor the reversion to the United
States of the lands granted by Congress to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Amboy,
by Hillsdale and Lansing, to some point on or
near Traverse baj', in the Slate of Michigan,
and for the completion of said road.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed an act (S. No. 381)
to amend an act entitled "An act to authorize
the sale of marine hospitals and revenue-cut-
ters,'' approved April 20, 1800, in which lie
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
MRS. IMOOEXU lUJCKlNdll\W.
Mr. COFFROTII, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill granting a
pension to Mrs. Imogenc Buckingham ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to give a pension certificate to and to place the
name of Mrs. Imogene Buckingham upon the
roll of pensioners, with the pay and under the
conditions and limitations of the widow of a
private of infantry.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. COFFROTII moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MIIS. CHARLOTTE E. HEED.
Mr. COFFROTII also, from the same com-
mittee. reported a bill granting a pension to
Mrs. Charlotte E. Reed; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read.
Mr. WASH1SURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the reading of the report.
The report was read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. COFFUOTII moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANK LYNCII.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Lynch; which
was read a first and second time. The bill
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Frank Lynch, late of the twenty-
seventh regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, on
the pension-roll at the rate of pension allowed
to lieutenant colonels.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third lime and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
b3r which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JEIIUSIIA WITTER.
Mr. PEKHAM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, bill of the Senate No. 27(1, for
the relief of Mrs. Jerusha Wilier.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mrs. Jerusha Witter, widow
of Dr. Amos Witter, late surgeon of the sev-
enth regiment Iowa volunteers, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of twenty-five dollars per month,
to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TENSIONS TO ARTIFICERS.
Mr. PERI-IAM. As the purpose of the bill
has been provided for by a general law, I
move that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration
of bill of the Senate No. 110, to extend the
benefits of the pension laws to artificers, and
I move that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. AMARILLA COOK.
Mr. PERHAM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with an amendment, and
with the recommendation that it do pass, bill
of (he Senate No. 288, granting a pension to
Mrs. Amarilla Cook.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mrs. Amarilla Cook, widow of.lohn B. Cook,
late deputy provost marshal of the sixteenth
congressional district of the State of Ohio, on
the pension-roll, at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, to commence from the 5th day of
March, 1805,and to continueduringher widow-
hood.
The amendment of the Committee on In-
valid Pensions was to strike out "twenty"
and insert "seventeen."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the
third time and passed.
Mr. PEI'lIAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; .and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JANE HARRIS.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, also reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, Senate bill No.
200, for the relief of .lane Harris.
The bill was read at length. Jl directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
.lane Harris, widow of George II. Harris, late,
a private in company 1, sixth Iowa cavalry,
now deceased, on the pension-rolls as entitled
to'a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
mouth duringherwidowhood, payment to com-
mence from October 23, 1800, the date of the
death ol said Ceorge II. Harris.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
Mr. PI'IRIIAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to leconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIE X .1A J11N 1'RANKIJN.
Mr. PERIIAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, also reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, Senate bill No.
039, granting a pension to Benjamin Franklin.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Benjamin Franklin, a piivate in company IT,
second regiment Minnesota cavalry volunteers,
on the pension-roll, at the rate of twenty-five
dollars per month, to commence from the 15th
day of January, 18GG, and to continue during
his natural life.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
Mr. PERIIAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JANE D. BRENT.
Mr. PERIIAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, also reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, Senate bill No.
298, granting a pension to Jane I). Brent.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Jane D. Brent, of Detroit, Michigan, widow
of Thomas Leo Brent, late a captain in the
