3354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Army of the United States, on the pension-
roll, and to allow and pay to her a pension at
the rate of twenty dollars per month, from and
after the passage of this act, until her marriage
or death, and after either event to continue
the said pension to Mary Brent, daughter of
the said Thomas Lee Brent, if then under the
*ge of sixteen years, until she attains that age.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARGARET KAETZEL.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, also reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass, Senate bill
No. 329, for the relief of Mrs. Margaret Kaetzel.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the name of
Mrs. Margaret Kaetzel, widow of Nicholas
Kaetzel, who was a civilian employed in the
service of the United States at the arsenal at
Columbus, Ohio ; and that she be paid a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence from the 5th day of April, 1865,
and to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. PERHAM. I move that the commit-
tee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of this bill, and that the same be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CORNELIUS CROWLEY.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, also reported back, with an
amendment, Senate bill No. 275, for the relief
Cornelius Crowley.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Cornelius Crowley, late a private of company
F, third regiment United Stat?s infantry, on
the pension-roll at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence from and after the
passage of this act, and to continue during
his natural life.
The amendment of the committee was to
strikeout the words "to continue during his
natural life," and insert in lieu thereof the
words "pay him at that rate in lieu of any
other pension to which he may be entitled."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the
third time and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A. J. GRAY.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, Senate bill No. 180,
for the relief of A. J. Gray.
The bill was read. It requires the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to place the name of An-
drew J. Gray, late a pilot on board the United
States gunboat Judge Torrence, upon the list
of invalid pensioners, at the rate prescribed
for officers of his rank by act of Congress
approved July 14, 1862.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, which was to add at the end of the
bill the words, " to be paid out of the naval
fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. REBECCA IRWIN.
Mr. PERHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to move that
that committee be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill No. 291, entitled
"An act granting a pension to Mrs. Rebecca
Irwin," on the ground that, in the administra-
tion of the Pension Bureau, such cases are
already provided for.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
laid on the table.
IllA B. CURTIS.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the benefit
of Ira B. Curtis; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Ira B.
Curtis on the pension-roll as an assistant sur-
geon, wholly disabled in the service, at the rate
of seventeen dollars per month, commencing
February 28, 1866.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
•TOEL FARLEY.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Joel Farley ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Joel
Farley, late a private of company F, eleventh
Iowa volunteer infantry, on the pension-rolls
at the rate of fifteen dollars per month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a tliird time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE W. BUSH.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
George W. Bush; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pay to George
W. Bush, of the city of New York, late a ser-
geant in company G, ninetieth regiment New
York volunteers, a pension of eight dollars per
month from August 2'J, 1863, to March 3,1805.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. PERHAM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to report adversely
upon House bill No. 168, granting pensions to
soldiers of the war of 1812 with Great Britain.
The SPEAKER. "The question is, Shall
the bill be laid on the table ?
Mr. MILLER. I move that the bill be re-
committed, with instructions to the committee
to report it with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope this motion will
be adopted.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, on the 22d
of January last I presented to this House the
bill now under consideration, entitled "A bill
granting pensions to soldiers of the war of 1812
with Great Britain," and asked that it be re-
ferred to a select committee, in order that
speedy action might be had thereon ; but the
honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burns] interposed an objection and had it re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and the result is, at this late day, a verbal re-
port with a negative recommendation. This
extraordinary report, it seems to me, can only
be accounted for on the ground that the ardu-
ous duties of that honorable committee pre-
vented them from giving the subject-matter
due consideration, for no written report has
been presented, and I cannot well see how one
could be, resting upon a sound basis, embra-
cing such a recommendation. The bill, Mr.
Speaker, provides that the surviving commis-
sioned and non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates of the Army and Navy of
the war of 1812 with Great Britain, who have
received an honorable discharge and are now
in necessitous circumstances, and the widows
of such as are deceased who are in like circum-
stances, shall have their names placed on the
pension-list of the United States, and be paid,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of eight dollars per
month, to be computed from the 1st day of
April, 1865. The sum proposed to be paid
by this bill is very small, and confined exclu-
sively to those in indigent circumstances.
A bill passed this House during the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fifth Congress by a majority
of fifty-five, giving pensions to the soldiers of
the war of 1812 without confining it to those in
"necessitous circumstances," and among the
honorable gentlemen that are members of the
present Congress who voted for that bill, I
find the names of Messrs. Thayeu, Bingham,
and our distinguished Speaker, [Mr. Colfax.]
That bill seems, for some cause, perhaps for
want of time, not to have been taken up in the
Senate. Trouble was then about coming upon
the country, and our old heroes were willing to
let their claim rest for a time ; but as the dark
cloud that was hovering over our country is
now dispelled they renew their request, and
call upon this Congress to give a pittance to
enable them to procure a little food and rai-
ment in their old age and declining years.
After the space of thirty-five years from the
treaty of peace by which our independence was
recognized the soldiers of that war were placed
on the pension-roll, only two of whom survive,
to wit, Samuel Dowling, of New Hampshire,
and James Barnham, of Missouri. A few years
more and these two veterans will also be taken
from us, and none will be left to relate the
doings of those dark days; but their works will
live. And now that more than fifty years have
passed since the war of 1812, sometimes de-
nominated the second war for independence,
was ended, justice requires that the names or
the surviving veterans of that war should be
placed on the roll of pensions, so that speedy
relief may be had to alleviate those that are in
indigent circumstances.
These old veterans have passed their three-
score years and ten, and yet they are brave.
I remember, Mr. Speaker, of being at Harris-
burg at the time General Lee invaded Penn-
sylvania with a large rebel army, and seeing
some of these old soldiers crossing the bridge
over the Susquehanna at double-quick, with
their rifles on their shoulders, ready and willing
to face the enemy. They will not honor the
nation with their presence much longer. They
are rapidly passing away, many having left
us since I had the honor of presenting this bill,
and if Congress intends to do anything for these
old heroes, action ought to be taken immedi-
ately. I will read, Mr. Speaker, a circular
addressed to the members of Congress by a
committee appointed on the 18th of February,
1858, at a meeting of the Veteran corps of the
city of New York, which is as follows:
At a meeting of the Vetera corps of the city of
New York, held on the 18th day of February, 1858, it
was
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to address
a letter to each member of Congress, asking their
support of a bill to provide for the militia who were
enrolled in actual service during the last war with
Great Britain, and to forward the same without de-
lay; and that Henry Raymond, James B. Murray,
William liuttree, I. M. Phyfe, Thomas D.Howe, John
C. Howard. Daniel Whitney. Henry Baker, Harlow
Porter, Charles IC, Crowley, and William (#. Monell
compose said committee.
New Yobk, February 22,1858.
Sik: The undersigned, appointed under the above
resolution, bog leave to submit the same to you and
to solicit your advocacy of a bill, already reported
by the Committee on Invalid Pensions of the House
of Representatives, " granting pensions to th<¥> fficers
