1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ents to gratify the conceited wealth of greedy
importers and the corrupt plans of desperate
stock-jobbers.
If we adopt the policy of the Secretary of
the Treasury, we shall wake up some morning
andfind the paperof our country at par. Every
bank which has a legal tender will have the
equivalent of so much in gold. Then we shall
sce^ Hamlet played with the part of Hamlet
omitted. Then will ruin have come and no-
body be hurt. I shall rejoice; but others will
feel like fiends in pandemonium at the conver-
sion of sinners..
I answer the objection to the Secretary's sell-
ing his bonds abroad by stating that, in his
Fort Wayne speech, he himself says, " Our
securities ought not to go abroad." And I
have no hesitation in asserting that it will not
be his fault if the bonds of our own people are
not owned here at home by our own people.
Butsupposing American money operators com-
bine against him, is he to submit? Such com-
binations have existed, and there is but one
way to prevent them, and that is to give liim
the entire world in which to negotiate. Amer-
ican brokerage is not that kind of American
industry that particularly needs protection from
foreign competition. Our bonds, however, wore
going abroad all through the darkest hours of
the war, and are now going abroad, and will
continue to go abroad.
With cotton restored to loyalty and our cur-
rency restored to honesty, worse calamities
might befall our country than negotiating its
bonds abroad, and especially if it could bo done
at five per cent. One per ccnt. will be worth
saving from our interest account when our large
importations shall be curtailed by the policy of
the Government, and we shall have large bal-
ances from the sale of cotton. Complaints are
reaching us from all quarters that Government
bonds are not taxable for State, county, and
municipal purposes. The same necessity that
compelled the General Government to issue
bonds compelled our States, counties, cities,
and towns to do the same thing. And the bonds
of. the latter cannot be negotiated upon fair
terms while the bonds of the General Govern-
ment are in competition with them. The agri-
cultural interest, which has suffered the most
from the war, not only has to pay its usual pro-
portion of the local taxes, but also that propor-
tion which would fall to their wealthier neigh-
bors if they had not invested all their means in
the securities of the General Government.
Even the poor soldier who tills the soil is
taxed, -while the rich man wh o not only remained
at home, but often opposed the war, is in this
way exempted. Now, if one million of ex-
empted bonds go abroad do they not leave room
for one million of taxable bonds or their equiv-
alent in other taxable property? To make this
plain I will suppose, Mr. Speaker, that your
property consisted last year of $1,000,000 in
United Statesbonds. Your State, your county,
your beautiful South Bend derived no advan-
tages from you. But you have since sold them
and invested the proceeds in Indiana bonds or
other taxable property. Then the State, county,
and municipal taxes of every man would be
reduced in proportion to your increased taxa-
tion. And, supposing your bonds were sent
out of the country, do you suppose that the
real estate holders of Indiana, whose taxes
were reduced thereby, would think anythcless
of you therefor? The people of that country
are the happiest whose wealth is most equally
diffused, where none are poor and none are
rich. Competence, when attended by health
and intelligence, is the best standard of happi-
ness. Differences will arise under any forms of
government in the means of men. But those
differences should not be created by the Gov-
ernment itself. Especially should it not dis-
criminate against the tillers and defenders of
the soil.
"Princes and lords may flourish. or may fade.
A breath unmakes them as a breath has made;
But a bold peasantry, their country's pride,
When once destroyed, can never be supplied.
You may cry, "Shame upon a country that
sells its bonds abroad!'' but you cannot keep
issuing non-taxable bonds without that cry be-
ing hushed to silence by the reactionary cry
from every ballot-box in the land of "Shame,
shame, eternal shame upon that country whose
tax-gatherer passes by the palaces of the rich
United States bond-holder to reach the sweat-
bedewed crops of the cultivator of the soil!"
You may rely upon the life tenure of the judges
of the Supreme Court to resist theultimate con-
sequences of this cry. So once relied the men
who bred God's image for the shambles. But
God made vacancies where the black man had
no rights which the white man was Ixmnd to
respect; and God gave us Abraham Lincoln
to nil them. The people of the United States
will endure all and will suffer all that the
necessities of the late war required; but now
that the war is over, I believe that a great many
very good men, feeling themselves oppressed
by the non-taxation provision, desire to have
their sale abroad encouraged; and in default
of this, 1 believe they would struggle for a legal
revolution in our United States courts if the
policy of issuing bonds is to be continued. And I
believe that there are a great many very bad men
who are looking forward to the agitation of the
injustice of this non-taxation provision in our
Government bonds as a means of destroying
the Government. It is only necessary for one
State to insist upon the right to tax, and then
for others to deny thq right of the General
Government to coerce a State, and yon have
another war upon a northern issue. Thus do
disloyal men North and South hope again to
have a pretext to shock civilization with their
Alabama and Shenandoah piracies, with their
Andersonville and Libby prisons, with their
massacres at Fort Pillow and Lawrence, with
their infamous vaccine matter, with their con-
flagrations of New York hotels and robbery
of Vermont banks, with their attempts to spread
the yellow fever and to burn Chicago, with their
presidential assassinations, and with all those
other barbarous acts that maiked the pathway
of slavery to its final damnation. Any attempt
to tax our present bonds for any other than
national purposes would bo repudiation. Re-
pudiation is only another name for nullifica-
tion. Nullification was the first name of seces-
sion. Secession is treason. And the rope that
ought to hang the last traitor should hang the
first repudiator.
I think we should deal more frankly with the
people touching the power to tax the securities
of the United States. The rulings of the Su-
preme Court to this day have been all one way
upon this subject. There never has been a
dissenting opinion. In 1819 Chief Justice
Marshall delivered the unanimous opinion of
the court that the State of Maryland could
not tax the branch of the United States Bank
located within its dominions, becausc—
"It was an instrument employed by the Govern-
ment of tho Union to carry its powers into execution."
He said:
"Ifthe States may tax one instrument employed
by the Government in tbe execution of its powers,
they may tax any and every other instrument. They
may tax the mail; they may tax the mint; they may
tax patent,rights; theymaytaxthepapersofthecus-
tom-houso; they may tax judicial process; they may
tax all the means employed by the Government to an
oxcess which would defeat all the ends of Govern-
ment. This was not intended by tho American peo-
ple. They didnot design (o make their Government
dependent on tho States."
Our bonds could notbetaxedif the non-tax-
ation clause was omitted from the face of them.
Nor could they be taxed if the permission to
tax was given by Congress. Ho who votesfor
a national custom-house, court-house, post of-
fice, arsenal, or a United States bond, or other
evidence of indebtedness of any kind, votes for
something that cannot be taxed. Our lands
are not taxable until Government parts with
its title; and if Government ever buys back its
own land, the right to tax at once ceases.
Concede the power of a State or any municipal
government to tax national property or indebt-
edness, and what would not have been done
during the late war in States where the pre-
ponderance of power had been hostile to Mr.
Lincoln's administration! Disguise it as yon"
may, there is but one way to avoid' iHw ine-
quality of taxation, and that is to avoid running
in debt. Evil, be thou my good! And until
our already contracted debt is paid,*it will "be;
a temporary relief to send more of these bonds"
abroad while we are preparing for their grad-;
ual liquidation. For it is useless to think of
leaving them for posterity to pay, as the non-
taxation provision will force their payment
within a single generation or work arevolutioa
in the United States court. We should issue
no more except for liabilities contracted prior
to the 1st of J uly next. After that, we should
pay as we go, and should try the experiment
of paying all our expenses except those for in-
terest from duties upon imports. Our inter-
est alone should be paid by the internal reve-
nue taxes; and the annual reduction of these-
very unpopular taxes, added to the unpopular
non-taxation provision in tho bonds, will be aa
unceasing stimulus to their extinguishment. .
Now, I come to the liquidation of the prin-
cipal of our indebtedness, which can be accom-
plished in one generation withoutaddinga dollar
to our taxes. Not a dollar. My first step would-
be the completion of the Pacific railroad, which
has already been provided for, as a means of de-
veloping the mines. Where there is now one
man in the mineral regions there would then be
thousands. I would then sot apart their almost
inexhaustible proceeds exclusively for the ex-
tinguishment of the principal of our indebted-
ness. This will do the work; and our country,
now free from slavery, in twenty years can
rejoice in freedom from debt, and from alltax-
ation save that indirectly raised by the tariff.
To inaugurate such a policy let us strengthen
the Secretary of the Treasury in his effoits to
deliver us from a depreciated currency, from
uncertain wages, and fictitious values.
Mr. P1KB resumed the floor.
Mr. J. L. TIIOMAS. If the gentleman will
yield to me, I will move to adjourn.
Mr. PIKE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I move that the House
adjonrn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
the House (at five o'clock and ten minutea
p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c„ were presented under
the rule and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. AMES; The petition of Kobert Curtis, and
others, for an increase of duties on imports.
Also, the petition of George A. Wright, and others,
for the same object.
By Mr. BANKS: Tho petition of Josiah Copoland,
of Massachusetts, for extension of patent for im-
provement in boot-crimps.
Also, the petition of S. P. Ruggles, for extension
of patent for improvements in hand-stamps.
By Mr. DARLING; The petition of brewers in tho
city of New York, for reduction of duty on barley.
By Mr. EGULESTON: The memorial of J. P.
Spencer, D. A. Mitehcl, and J. W. Barber, a com-
mittee appointed by the tobaceo-cutters of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, praying for a reduction of revenue tax on
smoking and manufactured tobacco. _ „
35y Mr. ELIOT: Tho petition of George 1. Hatch,
and others, citizens of Massachusetts, praying that
certain couditions may be imposed upon rebel States.
Also, the petition of Julius Cushman, and others,
citizens of Massachusetts, praying for an) endment of
tho Constitution of the United States providing for
election of President and Yico President by direct
vote, and conferring power on Congress to prescribe
qualifications for voters for President, Vice Presi-
dent, and Representatives in Congress. ,
Bv Mr.UUOFER, of Massachusetts; Theinemonal
of I'uif Green, in favor of an issue of four per cent,
convertible bonds, and making them the basis for an
issue of national bank notes.
By Mr. IIUBBARI), of Iowa: The petition oH\ar-
ner II. Curtis, and others, citizens of Waterloo, Iowa,
asking for the enactment of such just and equal laws
for the regulation of inter-State insurances or all
kinds as may be effectual in establishing the greatest
security for the interests protected by policies, &c.
By Mr. JULIAN: Tho petition of Lieutenant
George L. Heart, praying additional compensation
for his services in the war for the Union.
By M&.LAWRENCE, ofOhio: Thcpctition ofWil-
liam Townscnd, of Darke county, Ohio, asking that
8300 commutation money bo refunded tn him.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of E. B. Allen, and
165 others, in favor of a law making eight hours a
legal day's labor.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of Daniel Sprnlcer,
jr., and 31 others, of Montgomery county, New York,
asking for a taw regulating inter-Slate insurance.
Also, the petition of Mrs. J. II. Gross, and41 others.
