1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2895
thev have endeavored to maintain by the sword
as false and heretical ab initio. For forty
years and more they have been educated to
believe the false and dangerous heresy which
bore them the bitter fruits they reaped from
the attempt at rebellion. It would be unrea-
sonable t'o require, as it would be impossible
to expect, that these people should all of a
sudden sincerely and honestly believe that the
principle for which they contended was false,
because those who professed it have been routed
upon the field. What we require and have a
right to require of them is that they abandon
that doctrine as a principle of action for the
future. We have lost too many of our people
in this war, we have shed too much blood and
lost too much property and spent too much
money to be altogether indifferent about the
legitimate fruits of our dearly bought victory.
We fought for Union, for the integrity, the
immortality of our Government, and by the
help of God we have conquered. We owe it
to ourselves and to posterity to assure the one
and the other against danger in the future.
We therefore demand a searching, adequate,
and irreversible guarantee of future practical
loyalty. That demand is the sum and sub-
stance of the Administration policy, which it
has lately become the fashion to scoff at.
Here is the "policy" in the exact language
of President Johnson. I quote from his annual
message to Congress, of the 4th December,
1865, a state paper that for clearness, terseness,
cogency, and elegance has never been sur-
passed, and that for broad and catholic states-
manship and heroic intrepidity has taken the
world by surprise:
"It is not too much to ask, in the name of the
whole people, that on the one side the plan of resto-
ration shall proceed in conformity with a willingness
to east the disorders of the past into oblivion ; and
that on the other the evidence of sincerity in the
future maintenance of the Union shall be put beyond
any doubt by the ratification of the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution, which provides for the
abolition of slavery forever within the limits of our
country.
"The adoption of the amendment reunites us be-
yond all power of disruption. It heals the wound
that is still imperfectly closed; it removes slavery,
the element which has so long perplexed and divided
the country; it makes of us once more a united peo-
ple, renewed and strengthened, bound more than
ever to mutual affection and support."
And again:
"As no State can throw a defense over thecrime of
treason, the power of pardon is exclusively vested in
the executive government of the United States. In
exercising thatpower I have taken every precaution
to connect it with the clearest recognition of the
binding force of the laws of the United States, and
an unqualified acknowledgment of the great social
change of condition in regard to slavery which has
grown out of the war."
The same plan of restoration was embodied
by President Lincoln in his famous proclama-
tion of July 18, 1864:
To ichom it may conoem :
Any proposition whipb embraces the restoration
of peace, the integrity of the whole Union, and the
abandonment of slavery, * ' * will
be received and considered by the executive govern-
ment of the United States, and will bemet by liberal
terras on other substantial and collateral points.
To secure the definite, unequivocal, and ir-
revocable surrender of slavery, the one only
cause of rebellion, the one solitary root of
disloyalty, to secure it by the voluntary sur-
render of the insurgents themselves, and to
secure it by their legislative ratification of the
constitutional amendment, acting upon it as
States ; as Stales of and States in the Union ;
as States of and in the Union under the Con-
stitution ; not only so,'but as States of the Union
above the Constitution by actually exercising
the supreme State prerogative of amendment,
by" in fact, sharing the State omnipotence of
organic creation ; this, then, was the aim and
end of the Administration policy, this was the
practical restoration of the Union.
Contrasts are sometimes more useful for
purposes of illustration than analogies. .The
stars are not visible until the blackness of night
devours the light of day. With this view let
us hear the bold and outspoken leader of the
House, speaking,_ as_ he frankly admits, upon
his own responsibility; but speaking, as he
claims, with equal candor, " so as to secure per-
petual ascendency to the party of the Union,"
or, as he otherwise phrases it, to "continue the
Republican ascendency."
" Two things aro of vital importance"—
I am quoting the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens]—
"so to establish a principle that none of the rebel
States shall be counted in any of the amendments of
the Constitution until they are duly admitted into the
family of States by thelaw-making pojver of their con-
queror. For more than six months the amendment
of the Constitution abolishing slavery has been rati-
fied by the Legislatures of three fourths of the States
that acted on its passage by Congress, and which had
Legislatures, or which were States capable of acting,
or required to act. on the question.
"I take no account of the aggregation of white-
washed rebels who without any legal authority have
assembled in the capitals of the late rebel States and
simulated legislative bodies."
The reference is to the Legislatures elected
in the several States by virtue originally of
proclamations emanating from provisional gov-
ernors appointed by the President; all the
electors and members being required to take
the prescribed amnesty oath of allegiance to
the Government, and acquiescence in martial
emancipation.
To proceed:
" Nor do I regard with any respect the cunning by-
play with which they deluded the Secretary of State
by frequent telegraphic announcements that ' South
Carolina had adopted the amendment:' 'Alabama has
adopted the amendment, being the twenty-seventh
State,' &c. This was intended to delude the people,
and accustom Congress to hear repeated the names
of these extinct States as if they were alive, when,
in truth, they have now no more existence than the
revolted cities of Latium, two thirds of whose peo-
ple were colonized and their property confiscated and
their right of citizenship withdrawn by conquering
and avenging Rome."
Here we have outlined with the freedom and
boldness of a master hand the framework of
a plan which was at a very early day of the
session (December 18) proposed for the con-
sideration and adoption of Congress. This
plan had for its basis the theory of "defunct,"
"dead," or "extinct States," or if that were
adjudged impossible or absurd, then they were
to be called "States out of the Union and now
conquered Territories." In either case, that
is, whether on the one hand they are " not out
of the Union but only dead carcasses lying
within the Union," or whether on the other
hand " they are and for four years have been
out of the Union for all legal purposes"—in
either of these hypotheses the logical sequence
resulted that " being now conquered they are
subject to the absolute disposal of Congress."
This programme then goes on to dispose of
them as subjugated foreign provinces, to man-
acle their outlawed people, and hold them in-
definitely as the mere slaves of Congress; to
force them "to mingle with those to whom Con-
gress shall extend the right of suffrage," and
in that condition, excluded from representa-
tion, though subject to taxation, governed and
disciplined by imported agents and commis-
sioners, dragooned, court-martialed, and plun-
dered, they are to be kept " for some years"
" to eat the fruit of foul rebellion." Should
this training fail to develop a spirit of earnest
and sincere loyalty; should the advantages of
this school, in which with exquisite and inim-
itable humor it is declared tliattheyaretolearn
the principles of freedom, "practice justice to
all men," and "accustom themselves to make
and to obey equal laws" appear to have been
thrown away upon ingratos unable to appre-
ciate and unwilling to profit by them, does the
programme on that account fail? Not at all.
It has but justbegun to succeed. The remedy
for obstinate disloyalty is at hand. Perma-
nent, incurable disaffection may read its fate
very plainly in that of "the revolted cities of
Latium, two thirds of whose people were colo-
nized and their property confiscated and their
right of citizenship withdrawn by conquering
and avenging Home."
As a speculation upon disloyalty, this policy
could not possibly be improved. If general
confiscation of property, under pretext, is what
is wanted, no surer road to it can be found. It
is a process which, if put in operation upon a
community whose loyalty was immaculate,
would speedily convert it into a community
of rebels. Why, sir, I believe that the spir-
ited people of my own native State of Vermont,
teased by so tormenting a tyranny, woulth in
dignantly revolt and turn upon their oppress
ors at every hazard and against all odds. If
they did not, they would not prove their legit-
imate descent from those gallant men of 1781,
upon whom Ethan Allen relied in his demand
on behalf of the self-constituted State of Ver-
mont for her immediate admission into the
Union and representation in the Continental
Congress.
" lie declared to that body that no person could
dispute his attachment to and sufferings in the cause
of his country: but- he did not hesitato to assert that
Vermont had an indubitable right to agree ou terms
of cessation of hostilities with Great [Britain, pro-
vided the United States persist in rejecting her appli-
cation for a union with the States. Vermont., of all
people, would be the most miserable were she obliged
to defend the independence of the United States, and
they at the same time at full liberty to overthrow and
ruin the independence of Vermont. I ampersuaded,
when Congress consider the circumstances of this
State, they will not be more surprised that I havo
transmitted these letters flettersfrom British emissa-
ries containing treasonable overtures] than that I
have kept them in custody; for I am as resolutely
determined to defend the independence of Vermont
as Congress are that of theUnitcd States, and rather
than submit will retire with the hardy Green mount-
ain boys into the desolate caverns of the mountains
and wage war with human nature at large."—//os-
kins'/t History of Vermont, page 102.
Such was the resolute and defiant attitude
maintained by tfoe infant State of Vermont, de-
manding of Congress admission into the Union
as a right, although her independence had
never been recognized nor her sovereignty
established ; and even her boundaries were dis-
puted and her territory claimed by the neigh-
boring States. And yet the memory of the
hold Ethan Allen is to-day as much revei ed
for that spirited and emphatic declaration to
Congress as for his famous reply to the British
commander of Tieonderoga, asking by what
authority be demanded its surrender: "I de-
mand it in the name of the Great Jehovah and
the Continental Congress!"
The congressional ti-eatment of the eleven
States lately in insurrection, according to the
plan of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, is
so well adapted to provoke continued hostility
to the Government and goad a maddened pop-
ulation into imbecile and desperate resistance
that the extreme resort of confiscation which
would then be justified has already been antici-
pated by an elaborate calculation. Four thou-
sand million dollars are to be raised by sale
of lands and such other property as can be
found.
Four billions of money, mark you, to be
raised out of a country blasted by a devastating
war, out of a people stripped and picked by
rebel sequestration, their whole slave property
and their entire circulating medium annihi-
lated ; a people at this moment, many of them,
begging their victuals and clothes of the North!
This programme of dissolution and recon-
struction is of course incomplete without a
series of amendments to the Constitution, all
of which are to be consummated "before the
defunct States are admitted to be capable of
State action."
" Thoy ought never to be recognized as capable of
acting in the Union or of being counted as valid
States until the Constitution shall have been so
amended as to make it what its framers intended,
and so as to secure perpetual ascendency to the party
of the Union," &c.
The first of those amendments is to change
the basis of representation from Federal num-
bers to actual voters. The others are to allow
Congress to lay a duty on exports, to make all
laws uniform, to prohibit the assumption of
the rebel debt, and lastly, to extend the right
of suffrage to the emancipated blacks, although
upon this point there seems to be some doubt
as to whether the result may not be reached
by direct congressional action. In either case,
whether by constitutional amendment or by
legislation, universal negro suffrage must be
enforced as well " to continue the .Republican
