1436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
ladies of Johnstown, New York, praying for univer-
sal suffrage.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 39 citizcns of
Montour county, Pennsylvania, praying for such
revision of the tariff laws as will protect domestic
labor and invito the investment of capital in home
manufactures.
By Mr. PERIIAM: The memorial of E. K. Hard-
ing, president of City Bank, Bath, Maine, and 30
others, presidents and directors of banks, and citi-
zens, for the repeal of the law taxing State banks ten
per cent, on their i«sne.
By Mr. RAYMOND: The petition of Ogden & Coha-
lon, of New York, praying for a reduction ot theduty
on bai ley imported from the British Provinces.
Also, a petition of the Adams Express Company
praying for the passage of an act authorizing the is-
sue to it of legal-tender notes in place of like notes
destroyed by fire. * -
By Mr, WALKER: The petition of Colonel II. Gr.
Blake, and VI others, citizens of Medina county, Ohio,
asking protection ro American labor.
By Mr. WILSON, ot Iowa: The petition of Thomas
Meley, and 3# others, citizens of Jefferson count}',
Iowa, relative to the reconstruction of the rebel
Staler.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 10? 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States transmitting accounts of receipts
and expenditures for the service of the Post
OUice Department for the fiscal year ending
June o0, 18GJ; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
lie also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the ;>th instant, information upon the subject
of the supposed kidnapping of colored persons
in the southern States for the purpose of sell-
ing them as slaves in Cuba5 which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be punted.
PKTTTTOXS ANT) MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of dress-
makers in the cities of New York and Brook-
lyn. together representing over twenty thou-
sand dre^s-makers in the United States, setting
forth the destructive exactions of the present
revenue law- 011 dress-makers as one of the most
severe and unjust applications of tax law ever
witnessed. They do not charge that the unequal
and unjust exactions of the law on dress-uiakers
•u ere designed by our legislators, but they pre-
sume the nature of the business was not fully
understood by them, and they ask very earnestly
for relief from Con^res^. I ask the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. S UMN K R presented a petition of citizens
of Peru, New York, praying Congress to impose
such conditions upon the rebel States as shall
punish i reason at least with ineligibility to office
and loss of power, and reward loyalty with con-
fidence and honor, and which shall demand as
an evidence of sincere loyalty and good faith
on the part of those Slates the abolition of all
distinctions in their constitutions and laws on
account of color or race j which was referred to
the joint committee 011 reconstruction.
IXe ajso presented a petition of citizens of
New Vm-k, praying that amendments to the
Consfif.utum of the United Slates may be pro-
posed providing for the election of President
and Vice President by direct vote, and also
authorizing Congress to prescribe by law the
qualifications of voters for President, Vice Pres-
ident, and Representatives in Congress; which
was referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
Mr. WADE. I present a petition, numer-
ously signed by citizcns of Ohio, praying Con-
gress—
I. Not to restore any State thnt has rebelled and
warred against the United States to its place in power
as a governing partner in the Union till adequate se-
curity h;i-j been obtained against ltd renewing the
attempt to secede.
II. >Iut to allow any distinction on account of color
or descent m the laws or municipal lobulations ot' the
.Districtot Columbia.
III. To propose for ratification by the several States
amendments to the Constitution, substantially as fol-
lows:
1. The Union of the United States of America shall
be perpetual.
2. If, by the constitution or laws of any State, per-
sons are denied on account of their race or color the
right of voting equally with others, then those inhab-
itants of that race or color shall not be counted in
determining its number of Representatives in Con-
gress.
3. That the national faith of the Union shall be
forever sacred, and any State which shall be here-
after admitted or restored to this Union shall thereby,
as it becomes a partner in the national power and
treasure, to assume its proportionate share of the
national responsibilities.
4. That no State which shall hereafter be admitted
into tliii> Union, or which may have attempted to
withdraw from it, shall make any distinction in its
constitution, laws, or municipal regulations on ac-
count of color or descent, or any payments, either by
the State or the United States, for emancipated slaves.
5. Congress shall have powerto enforce these articles
by appropriate legislation.
I move that this petition be referred to the
committee oil reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr: GUTHRIE. When General G. W. Mor-
gan was in command of the Cumberland Gap,
being pressed by the confederate forces,, he
called out, under Colonel James S. Pish, five
companies of the home guards in Rockcastle
and Lincoln counties. They went into the ser-
vice and served for two months. On an appli-
cation to settle the accounts for this service the
parties were advised that the law was not suf-
ficient to authorize !he accounting officers to set-
tle them. I now hold in my hand their petition,
praying that Congress will take the subject into
consideration and authorize the settlement of
their accounts. I ask that it be received and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial "of the
Winona and St. Peter Railway Company, of
Minnesota, praying that certain additional du-
ties paid by them oil railroad iron imported
into this country may be refunded ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMS MY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota, asking for a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a ship-
canal connecting Lakes Superior and Portage ;
which were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. 1CIRKWOOD presented a memorial of
the Wapsenonoc monthly meeting of Friends,
held near West Liberty, Iowa, on the 3d of
March, 18G6, praying that all persons may be
made equal before the law, without regard to
caste or color; which was referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
lie also presented a memorial of the Coun-
cil Bluffs Board of Trade, of Iowa, praying
that Council Bluffs may bo made a port of en-
try ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. IIOWE presented the petition of James
S. _ Baker, and others, citizens of Green Bay,
Wisconsin, praying for the enactment of such
just and equal laws for the regulation of inter-
State insurances of all kinds as may be effect-
ual in establishing the greatest security for the
interests protected by policies and promotive
of the greatest good and convenience to all
concerned in such transactions ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of
Charles R. \Y hidden, and others, citizens of
Calais, Mame, piaying for the passage of a law
permitting the products of the forests of the
State of Maine, upon the St. Croix river and
its tributaries, owned by American citizens,
and sawed or hewed in the Province of New
Brunswick by American citizens, the same be-
ing manufactured in whole or part, to be ad-
mitted into the ports of the-Unitcd States free
of duty ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WTILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the
case of Otway II. Bcrryman, praying to be allowed
an ymount equal to the balance touiid against iiim
on the settlement of his accounts as acting purser,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on If aval Affairs.
BEPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr.POMERO Y, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
168) to provide for the disposal of certain lands
therein named, reported it with amendments.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Sarah L. Spring and Harriet Spring,
praying that they may be allowed the pension
due their grandfather, William Barker, and also
that they be allowed the half pay to which he
was entitled under the resolution of Congress
of October 21, 1780, granting half pay to the
surviving officers of the Revolution, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. GRTMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
E. Brown, jr., of the city of New York, pray-
ing additional compensation for services ren-
dered as an artist with the naval expedition
under Commodore Perry to Japan, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was recommitted a bill (S. No.
116) for the relief of Thomas P. Wilson, late
United States consul at Bahia, Brazil, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 223) to amend im act to incorporate the
Mutual Fire Insurance Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
199) to establish the collection district of Port
Huron, and to extend the district of Puget
Sound, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Cyrus M.
Harmon, praying for compensation for the
destruction of the presses, slock, typo, furni-
ture, and material of his printing establish-
ment at Ravenswood, Jackson county. West
Virginia, by the rebel authorities in Septem-
ber, 1802, submitted an adver.se report thereon.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 193) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to the State of Michigan, to aid
in building a harbor and ship-canal at Port-
age Lake, Keewenaw Point, Lake Superior,7'
approved March 3, 18C5, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a b'll (S. No.
103) to reorganize the judiciary of the United
States, rcDorted it with amendments.
Mr. HARRIS. The same committee, to
whom were referred a bill (S. No. 8) to reor-
ganize the judiciary of the United States; a
bill (S. No. 12) to define the jurisdiction of the
district and circuit courts of the United States
for the districts of California, Oregon, and Ne-
vada; a bill (S. No. 4">) concerning the judicial
courts of the United States; and a bill (S. No.
134) in addition to the several acts to establish
and amend the judicial system of the United
States, have had them under consideration ; and
the provisions ot these bills being provided for
in the bill just reported, I move that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of these bills.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Sena-
tor from New York that I suppose simply dis-
charging the committee will put all these bills
upon the Calendar. As they all relate to the
same subject and the committee have reported
a bill to carry out the object of all these bills
—they are all on one question of the reorgan-
ization of the judiciary—I suggest whether it
would not be better to move to postpone them
all indefinitely so as to take them off the Cal-
endar.
