2396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
ascendency" as because "without the right
of suffrage in the late slave States the slaves
had far better been left in bondage."
As an earnest of the enforcement of this
policy, and as a pledge of the principle on
whieh this Congress would legislate for Terri-
tories over which it claimed jurisdiction, the
action of this House, at a very early period of
the session, may be cited.
A bill passed the House in January estab-
lishing universal negro suffrage in the District
of Columbia. This was done by a valid exer-
cise of power, Congress having by the Consti-
tution exclusive legislation over this District in
all cases. It was done, however, in direct, vio-
lation of the wishes of the people of the Dis-
trict, and against the almost unanimous protest
of the legal and qualified voters.' It was not
called for by the public sentiment of the coun-
try. Since the breaking out of the rebellion,
New York, Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and
Connecticut had been asked to enfranchise the
few colored men within their limits. They all
refused. In the State of New York it assumed
the form of a proposition to permit negro suf-
frage without a property qualification. In 1860
such a proposition had been defeated by—yeas
197,503, nays 337,984. In 180-4, after the pre-
sumed advance of public sentiment upon this
question, a like proposition was defeated by—
yeas 85,406, nays 224,336. In August, 1802,
a vote was had in the State of Illinois on sev-
eral propositions relating to negroes and mulat-
toes, with this result: •
For excluding them from the State 171.803
Against  71,306
100,387
Against granting them suffrage or the right to hold
office 211,920
For  35,049
176,271
For the enactment of laws to prohibit them from
going to or voting in the State 198,938
Against  41.411
154,521
As late as the autumn of 1805 the people
of Connecticut refused by over six thousand
majority to enfranchise the handful of colored
men residing among them. An effort was
made in the Thirty-Eighth Congress to incor-
porate the feature of negro suffrage in the bill
to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Montana. It failed ; and" among
those who voted persistently against negro suf-
frage in this new Territory, where there were
perhaps no negroes at all, are the names of the
entire Maryland delegation, consisting at that
time (1864) of Messrs. Creswell, Henry Winter
Davis, Harris, Thomas, and Webster.
After so many and such decided manifesta-
tions of public opinion, showing unmistakably
that the people of this country are inflexibly
opposed to a general and promiscuous inter-
mingling with negroes at the polls and in
public office, it was scarcely to be expected
that the repudiated doctrine should be forced
; pon the protesting population of this District.
Whatever reasons may be urged in support of
universal suffrage in general, they all fail in
the case of a municipal corporation. There
are no people or interests within the limits of
the District of Columbia of any importance
that are not included within the corporate
franchises of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown. There is no voting done in the
District except for the municipal officers of
the two corporations.
It was therefore unfortunate that the political
experiment of universal negro suffrage should
first be applied to a city corporaJion, in which
Uie horde of voters thus manufactured were,
with scarcely an exception, without a particle
or interest in the body whose franchises they
were made to share, and whose funds they
were assigned to control. Up to this time
the rash feat of legislation remains a failure
under the silent veto of the Senate and the
dead weight of public opinion. It is signifi-
cant, however, of the fate in store for eleven
States, under the false doctrine that by at-
tempted secession they have consummated the
dissolution of the Union, and by the failure of
their insurrection, the surrender of their insur-
gent armies, and'full and complete submission
to the authority of the Government and obedi-
ence to its laws, have done no more nor less
than lapse into the condition of conquered
territories, subject to the absolute disposal of
Congress.
I do not propose to review in detail the ar-
guments or to discuss the authorities by which
this doctrine has been maintained. I have
been surprised, upon a question of such mo-
ment, at a crisis in our country's history of
such transcendent gravity, to encounter a line
of reasoning so utterly fallacious. The pivot
of the whole argument is the concession of bel-
ligerent rights. Humanity required an observ-
ance of those restraints and couftesies which
are due to an enemy by the law of nations.
Cartels for the exchange of prisoners, and flags
of truce to bury the dead, are therefore pointed
to as the evidences of a state of war between
independent foreign nations. That is what this
argument amounts to, and nothing more. I
was still more astonished to find the narrow
technical doctrine of estoppel drawn from its
proper sphere in the county court to reenforce
this feeble logic. South Carolina must be held
to be out of the Union because her convention
and Legislature roundly affirmed that she was
in so many words. Notwithstanding the Gov-
ernment took issue with South Carolina upou
that identical proposition, denying that she
was out of the Union in law, and in fact mak-
ing good that denial by wager of battle, still
South Carolina, underthis doctrine of estoppel,
must be held to have succeeded from the very
fact of failure, and the Government to have
failed from the very fact of success.
Sir, we have had a war for union, not for
disunion. We have fought, not to consum-
mate secession, but to prevent it. We were
called forth, and we went forth, to put down
treason, to enforce the laws, to crush out rebel-
lion, to maintain the Government, and to save
the Union. With our martyred leader we first
tried to save the Union with slavery and we
failed. We then tried to save it without sla-
very and we succeeded. We did not fight to
secure the ascendency of a party, or to keep
any man or set of men in office, but we fought
for our country, for its Constitution, and its
flag.
It was on this principle that the great con-
test began, and it was on this principle, held
steadily in view by every department of the
Government that it was prosecuted to a success-
ful issue. These principles were clearly set forth
by President Lincoln in his various proclama-
tions and messages, letters and speeches. In
his first inaugural. March 4,18G1, he laid down
the correct doctrine, from which, to the day of
his death, he never departed :
"It follows that no State upon its own mere mo-
tion can lawfully get out of the Union ; that resolves
and ordinances to that effect are legally void; and
that acts of violence within any State or States
against the authority of the United States are insur-
rectionary or revolutionary, according to circum-
stances. I consider, therefore, that in view of the
Constitution and laws, the Union is unbroken, and
to the extent of my ability I shall take care, as the
Constitution itself expressly enjoins upon me, that
the laws ot the Union be faithfully executed in all
the States."
The executive department, speaking through
the Secretary of State, explicitly declared that—■
"The Congress of the United States furnishes a
constitutional forum foi debate between the alienated
parties. Senators and Representatives from the loyal
portion of the people are thus already fully empow-
eicd to confer; and seats also are vacant and invit-
ing Senators and Representatives from the discon-
tented party who may be constitutionally sent there
from the States involved in the insurrection."
To the same principle Congress also is com-
mitted by its acts and resolutions. The act of
August, 1861, laying a direct tax of $20,000,000
upon the United States, apportions that sum
among the several States, including all the States
then in rebellion by name. Thus Virginia is
recognized as still a State within the Union:
"To the State of Virginia, $937,530,667." And
so with North Carolina, South Carolina, and all
the eleven. Each is taxed by name, and each
is named as a State, as in the case of the loyal
States.
The act of Congress of March 4,1862, under
which the present House of Representatives
was chosen, recognizes the right of these States
to representation, in terms.
Thus we have the great fact that these States
were living States, States of this Union, States
subject to taxation and entitled to representa-
tion, conclusively settled by Congress itself, and
settled at the very time when the people of
those States were actually in flagrant insurrec-
tion. If doubt should still exist as to the true
intent and meaning of these acts let Congress
be its own interpreter. The record here is fa-
miliar but cannot be too often repeated. It is
one of the great landmarks in this controversy
and should always be kept in sight. In July,
1861, a resolution was adopted by such large
majorities in both Houses of Congress as
amounted virtually to unanimity, declaring:
"That this war is not prosecuted upon our part in
any spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of eon-
quest or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing
or interfering with the rights or established institu-
tions of those States, but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution and all laws made in
pursuance thereof, and to preserve the Union with all
the dignity, equality, and rights of the several States
unimpaired ; that as soon as these objects are accom-
plished the war ought to cease."
The principle thus emphatically pronounced
by Congress and the Executive was the com-
mon sentiment and universal understanding of
the whole country throughout the entire period
of the rebellion. It was affirmed by State Le-
gislatures ; it was announced in party platforms;
it was enforced everywhere by loyal speak-
ers and the loyal press. It was significantly
recognized by the Union national convention
which admitted the delegations from Tennessee,
Arkansas, and Louisiana, upon an equal foot-
ing with the other States, following in this
respect the example of Congress, and presented
the name of Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee,
to the suffrages of the American people as the
Union candidate for Vice President of the Uni-
ted States. It was triumphantly sustained at
the ballot-box by the nation at large. And
it is the same Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee,
who is to-day laboring to apply that same prin-
ciple, in perfect harmony and consistency with
his own record and with the known wishes of
the lamented Lincoln, surrounded and sup-
ported by a Cabinet of Lincoln's selection.
The evidence of the recognition of these States
as St ates in the Union, by force of the combined
authority of both Congress and the Executive,
culminates in their ratification of the great con-
stitutional amendment as declared bytlie offi-
cial certificate of the Secretary of State. That
ceilificate was officially published on the 18th
of December, 1865, in pursuance of an act of
Congress. (April 20,1818,) providing that when
the State Department shall have been officially
notified that any proposed amendment to the
Constitution had been adopted according to
the provisions of that instrument—
"It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State,
forthwith, to cause the said amendment to he pub-
lished'' * * * * "specifying the States
by which the same may have been adopted, and that
the same has become valid."
After reciting the amendment, the certificate
of the Secretary of State proceeds as follows:
"And whereas it appearsfrom official documents on
file in this Department that the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, proposed as afore-
said, hasbeen ratified by the Legislatures of the States
of Illinois, Rhode Island, Michigan, Maryland, New
York, West Virginia, Maine, Kansas, Massachusetts,
Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, Missouri, Nevada, In-
diana, Louisiana. Minnesota, Wisconsin, Vermont,
Tennessee, Arkansas, Connecticut, New Hampshire,
South.Carolina, Alabama. North Carolina, and Geor-
gia, in all twenty-seven States; and whereas the
whole number of States in the United States is thirty-
six: and whereas the before specially named States
whose Legislatures have ratified the said proposed
amendment constitute three fourths of the whole
number of States in the United States:
"Now, therefore, be it known that Is William II.
