1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- G-LOBE.
establish schools anywhere in the United States
except in the Territories, which, like the ter-
ritory of the District of Columbia, are under
the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States.
Now you are about to set aside three million
acres of public laud within thuse States of the
Union—I assume now that they are in the
Union ; if they are not, they will be—for the
• purpose of educating the blacks arid providing
for them ; to establish schools; if necessary, to
endow colleges; to do anything and everything
that the Legislature of arState conld do.
As far, therefore, as that objection is con-
cerned—which, I am sorry to say, upon my
mind, is insuperable ; for, I repeat, I am very
anxious to make provision for these people—it
seems to me that we are without the power to
do what this bill proposes.
But the objection to the sixth section is still
greater. Not only is the object to be attained
by the provisions of the sixth section the same,
and therefore the sixth section is obnoxious to
the same objection, (whatever validity there
may be in that,) but it is liable to the other
objection that there is, according to my view, no
power conferred upon Congress to buy lands
anywhere. If you can buy lands to the extent
.of three million acres in these States, what is
to proventyour going into any State in tlie Umon
and buying lands for any purpose that, you may
think proper ? Philanthropy is the motive now ;
it is a legitimate motive : it is one the force of
which I feel as strongly as any member of this
body. What is due to these people who have
been kept in bondage ever since the Govern-
ment was established and before, is, that they
should be taken care of: and to the whole
extent, therefore, of what I suppose to be (lie
powers conferred upon the Government by the
Constitution looking to that end, I am willing
"to go. But as they are now citizens like the
white men, if you can buy lands to educate
them, you can buy lands to educate the white
men to the same extent, and you can buy all the
lands, or nearly all the lands, in the State of
Maine or the State of Ohio for that purpose.
If you have the authority to pass this bill, your
becoming the owner of the land for the pur-
pose stated in this bill is not made to depend
upon the assent of Maine or Ohio; they may
object as much as they please, but the objection
will be of no avail, provided we have the au-
thority to pass this bill.
I must say, with all the deference which I
most sincerely entertain for the judgment of the
members of the committee who have had charge
of this bill, and to whose fairness of judgment
I have had occasion more than once, and upon
every oecasion where there was an opportunity
of showing it, to bear witness, and with like def-
erence to the opinions of those Senators who
are not members of the commi rt e but are mem-
bers of the profession and perfectly familiar
with the Constitution of the country, and more
familiar than I am, I am unable to bring my-
self to the conclusion that there is any such
power as that proposed to be exercised by this
bill; and I do not think the States will approve
of it.
I speak it not in any party sense; I have no
party object now, nor have I had at any time
during the rebellion. I have desired only that
the rebellion should be suppressed, and that,
thank God, is now accomplished. I desire now
only that the country should be restored to a
state of absolute peace ; and that, I trust, is
soon to be accomplished. But, sir, I wish to
keep within the limits of the Constitution, as I
undex stand it, and I am unable to go to the
extent that this bill goes, because, according
to my judgment, it is beyond the authority of
Congress.
Nor do I believe that the States will approve
of such a measure as this. Go to Illinois, the
State of my friend the chairman of the com-
mittee that reported this bill. Take your mil-
lion dollars into Illinois—for the appropriation
is just what Congress may think proper to make
it: you may inakeit SlOO.OOOor 8100,090,000—
take your money into Illinois and propose to
buy the land of Illinois for this purpose, and ;
do you believe the people of Illinois would be
satisfied ? In such a contingency the resultwould
be that a large portion of that State would be
settled by blacks. Heaven knows I have no
prejudices against the race. Brought up among
them; associating with them in boyhood and
since ; giving to them and receiving from them
acts of kindness, I have no possible prejudice
against them; but still I know that nature h&s
made them so distinct from"our race that with
the mass of mankind there will be, and per-
haps must be, more or less of prejudice, more
or less of an unwillingness on the part of the
whites to be associated with the blacks. It
seems to me that, in the case I have supposed,
if one half or one third of the State of Illinois
was bought up for the purpose of carrying out
the provisions of this bill, and was settled with
blacks, it would produce a political revolution,
and Illinois could not prevent it. To the extent
of the powers of this Government, whatever
Congress may legislate is conclusive upon the
States. If Congress, therefore, legislatesto pur-
chase land, the States have no right to prevent
the sale of their lands.
Go to my own State. At the time the war
broke out there were some seventy or eighty
thousand slai es, and some eighty thousand free-
men who had been slaves, or whose ancestors
had been slaves, making altogether about one
hundred and fifty thousand blacks in the State
of Maryland. My colleague said, and no doubt
he has the information, that they are now op-
pressed in certain portions of the State. He
said yesterday, as I see, that the course of jus-
tice in Maryland is so obstructed that perhaps
they cannot meet with the redress that they
should receive. Nov.', suppose you take a mil-
lion or two million dollars into Maryland and
buy up our lands and settle a hundred and fifty
thousand of these blacks there, what would be
the result? The whole population of the State
is only six or seven hundred thousand. Of that
number nearly one half are in the city of Balti-
more, and the rest an; distributed throughout the
other portions of our domain. Suppose this
million or two million dollars are taken upon
the Eastern Shore of Maryland, from which my
colleague comes, they might be able to buy up
the whole of that Shore. Bo you think that
there would be any peace there if that should
be the result of a bill of this description ?
Looking to-the fact that .Maryland has bcni a
slave State, and that the feeling on the subject
in a great portion of the State has been very
strong, do you believe that she would be satis
lied to have that portion of our State, one of the
fairest portions upon the face of the globe, capa-
ble of producing almost n,n unlimited amount,
not only of the necessaries but of the luxuries
of life, put into the hands of the blacks exclu-
sively? Do you suppose that we should not have
trouble in the Stale? Just as sure as the sun of
heaven rises, that would be the result. Then
comes force, and force for what.? Force—and
you will be obliged to say it—to see that this law
is carried out or not impeded. Then comes
civil war, with all the countless ills under which
we have suffered for the last four years.
Now, I believe—I speak it under the correc-
tion of what may be the better information of my
colleague—the negro is as safe in Maryland as I
he is in Massachusetts. There may be oecasion- j
ally horrible ouhages perpetrated upon him as
there aie occasionally in Massachusetts outrages
perpetrated upon white men and white women :
but I think they are exceptions to the general
rule.
Not only do I not see any authority for legis-
lation of this description, but I think it, would
be mischievous in (he extreme, looking to the
welfare of the black man himself. 1 have not
shared in the estimate of the black race which
many of those with whom I have been in the
habit of associating held. 1 believe that they
are capable of as much and as high civilization
as the white race. I have seen as much native
talent exhibited in the black race as i have seen
exhibited in the white race ; and I believe, there-
fore, if protected by the laws which every State
is bound to pass, or. they failing to pd.„s them,
protected by the parataount authority of-tEe
Constitution of the United States', they will ere -
long become valuable citizen's of the country^ ■
and the products of the country, the wealth
which lias flowed into our lap from the products *
of the slave States, instead Of being diminished^ ■
will be greatly increased. The Opinion, that 1.
now entertain I have entertairied fol-^ears, that
slave labor cannot, as long as man is what'God *
created him to be, compete with free'labdr.'' "-*•
To conclude, although I am as solieitoKS lis
my honorable friend from Illinois, or as any.
member of this body, to protect these people"
from any outrages which maybe committed
upon them, to the whole extent of the powwr con-
ferred upon us, I am unable, much as I desire
to do anything that it may be supposed will tend'
to the benefit and protection of this race, to
bring myself to vote for this bill, because, in ■
my judgment, the Constitution gives no author-
ity to pass it as far as the two provisions of which
I have spoken, the one immediately before the-
Senate, and the one which is to come before
the Senate, on the amendment to the sixth sec-
tion, are concerned.
Mr. CKESWBLL. I do not desire to attempt
any argument in reply to my colleague; I de-
sire only to state the means of information which
I have o-n the subject of the treatment, of the
frecdmen and colored soldiers who have re--
turned to Maryland. I regret that I have not
with me the letters I received a week or two ago
upon that subject. To make a clean breast of
it, I will state that I have placed them in the
hands of General Hancock, and have requested
from him a thorough investigation of the treat-
ment to which these peopie have been subjected.
I have-been informed by gentlemen ofthe high-
est respectability, of the most undoubted ve-
racity, and of the most enlarged opportunities
for gathering information on the subject, that
there are now in the southern parts of Mary-
land. and especially upon the southern parts of
the Eastern Shore, (a region with respect to
which I profess myself to be pretty well in-
formed, ) there arc combinations not only of reb-
els who have not been in the service of the con-
federate States so-called, but of those who have
been in the seiviee oftho.se States, and who have
returned to Maryland under the protection of
the General Government; and that these com-
binations have been formed expressly for the
purpose of driving these refugees and freedmen
from the limits ofthe State of Maryland. Not
only that, sir, but I can state from memory one
case in which a colored soldier who recently re-
turned from our Army on leave of absence—a
man who has conducted himself most meritori-
ously during the whole term of his service—and
who the other day returned to his home in
Worcester county, before he had been in that
county twenty-four hours was waylaid by these
scoundrels and murdered in cold blood. That
man's name is John Mills. I can state another
ease to my distinguished colleague where a col-
ored citizen, who rendered most conspicuous
service in liis humble capacity as a private, and
who returned in company with that same man,
John Mills, was waylaid and cruelly beaten, and
left for dead. Not only that, but the men who
have formed these combinations publicly-bonst
all through that region of country that it is their
purpose to drive these people from the State.
It is well known that in that section of the
State our juries are summoned by rebel sher-
iffs. and that they are constituted almost exclu-
sively of the very worst kind of rebels, worse
rebels than are to be found in South Carolina,
for the simple reason that in South Carolina they
have been severely and satisfactorily whipped,'
while in Maryland, unfortunately, that has r.ot
been the ease, by reason of the clemency of the
Government. lam satisfied as well-as I c-an bo
of anything that unless the Government inter-
poses by such a measure as this, these people
who have done their best to sustain it in the hour
of trial will be driven from our State, which I
should conceive to be a lasting and a burning
shame to the State in which I live, as well as to
the Government that has heretofore profited by
their services. These are the facts.
