1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
Mr. HARRIS. I am satisfied with that
course, arid 1 make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (^S. No.
205) fixing the salaries of the district judges
of the United States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. E. No. 46) removing the restriction
upon the payment of pensions to certain persons
while in the service of the UnitedStates; which
was read twice by it" title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
, He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 47) to provide for the publication
of the medical and surgical history of the war
of the rebellion ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
COMMITTEE OS COMMERCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the Sen-
ate to assign some day next week for the con-
sideration of the business of the Committee on
Commerce. There are several very important,
bills before this body from that committee, and
I move that Monday next bo set apart for the
consideration of bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Sir. WADE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary notified us yesterday
that on Monday next he would move to take
up the case of-the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Stockton.]
Mr. CHANDLER, i will say Tuesday, then.
I move that Tuesday next be set apart tor the
consideration of bills and reports from the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATION OF SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution. I should like to have the
whole of it read, and T ask the privilege of
explaining it after it is read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A joint resolution (S. II. Xo. 4S) setting forth certain
conditions upon which the States the people of
which have been lately in rebellion against. the
United States, ahull bo restore.lto their representa-
tion in Congress.
Whereas in the present distracted condition of the
country it is eminent ly proper and necessary that all
just and constitutional meanssliould bo employed for
illo quietmst of popular excitement, the removal of
unreasonable prejudices, and the obliteration ot al]
hostile fcelins growing out of the late unhappy civil
war; and whereas oncot'tho most prolific sources of
unfriendly sentiment is the contliet of opinion exist-
ing on the subject of negro suffrage; and whereas it
is now mo-'! evident that there is no probability what-
ever t.liar Seiiatois and Representatives in Congress
from the States who^e people were lately ill insurrec-
tion will be allowed to occupy thef-eats to which they
have been elected until said States shall have com-
plied with certain fundamental conditions, a portion
ot which arc hereinafter located; and whereas it is
unreasonable to expect the i establishment of har-
mony and good feeling so long as the eleven southern
States whose people were recently in insurrection are
prevented from resuming their ancient relations to
this Government: Therefore.
Be it rewlved by the Sedate arifl IIni' w; of Represent-
atives of the United X!f(tes hi Con/jrcs? a^embled, 1.
That each of said States, whose people were, lately
in insurrection, as aforesaid, shall be recognized as
having fully and validly resumed its former relations
with this government, and its chosen representatives
shall be admitted into the two Houses of the national
Legislature whenever said State shall have so amend-
ed its constitution as, iirst, to do away all existing
distinctions as to ci\ il rights and disabilities among
the various classes ofits population by reason either
of race or color, or previous condition of servitude;
second, to repudiate a llpeeumarv indebtedness which
said State may have heretofore contracted, mcuried,
or assumed in connection with the late unnatural
and treasonable war: tliiul, to yield all claim .to
compensation ou tiecwunt ot the liberation of it'
slaves: and fourth, to provide for the extension of
the elective franchise to all persons upon the same
terms and condition.7;, making 110 discrinunuaon on
ae< ount of rnce. color, or previous condition ot sorvi-
tudc : Provided, That those who were qu;nihed_ to
vote in the year 13G0 by the law:? ot their i elective
States .shall not be disfranchised by reason of any
new tc^td or condition-; which have been or may be
proscribed since that year.
2. That utter the aforesaid conditionsshull
have been complied with and the same shall have been
r.itilied by a majority of the -present voting popula-
tion ot the State, including all those qualified to vote
under the laws thereof as they existed in I860, a gen-
eral amnesty shall be proclaimed in regard to all per-
sons in such State who were in any way connected
with aimed opposition to thcGovernmentoftlioUni-
ted States, wholly exonerating them from all pains,
penalties, or disabilities to which thoy may have be-
come liable by reason of their connection with the
rebellion.
3. Jiesolvecl, That in view of the importance of the
thorough assimilation of the basis of suffrage in the
various. States of the Union, all other Statesnot above
specified be respectfully requested to incorporate an
amendment in their Stato constitutions respectively,
corresponding with the oneabove described.
4. Jicsolvcd, That in the adoption of the aforesaid
resolutions it is not intended to assert acoercivepower
on the part of Congress in regard to the regulation of
the right of suffrage in the different States of the
Union, but only to make a respectful and earnest ap-
peal to theirown goodsenseandloveof country,with
a view to the prevention ot serious evils now threat-
ened, nnd to the peaceful perpetuation of the repose,
the happiness, and true glory ot the whole American
people.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Nevada ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolution?
Mr. STEWAUT. I ask leave to say a few
words in explanation. 1 want the joint reso-
lution printed and referred to the committee
on reconstruction, but before that question is
put I ask unanimous consent to say a few words
in explanation." I have been a careful obser-
ver of the current of events since Congress
assembled, and I have come to the conclusion
that a proposition of this kind corresponds
with the prevailing sentiment in Congress and
also in the country as indicated by the public
press. J do not mean to express any opinion
as to the propriety or impropriety of negro
suffrage, which 1 have studiously avoided doiug
on all occasions during this session.
Mr. POMEllOY. What about that u white
man's Government?"
Mr. STEWAUT. About the white man's
Government J said that the idea should not be
scoffed at; that it was a prejudice in the coun-
try that no man had a right to disregard; and
I still say so. But I was going ou to explain
that, having come to the conclusion that this
is the present attitude of Congress and of the
country, and not having heard from the south-
ern States upon the proposition, I think it but
lair and just that the best terms Congress is
willing to grant at this session should be sub-
mitted to the South for them to adopt volun-
tarily or to reject. This proposition avoids all
the odious pi ovisioiis which were attached to
the other propositions that have been brought
forward, in my estimation which appeared like
coercion. It also avoids the long road of a
constitutional amendment which must be con-
tested upon northern battle-iields before the
South will have an opportunity to be hoard
upon it.
This, or something of this character, is the
only proposition that can be heard in the South
upon which they can pass during this session
of Congress. 1 do not, pretend to be wedded
to the particular provisions, but simply to the
general proposition. I want it to conform ex-
actly to the sentiment of Congress. 1 want the
South to have an opportunity to vote upon it
without embodying in it any of the provisions
which they regard as odious or coercive. After
the proposition has been discussed, if they re-
fuse to adopt it it will be time enough to con-
sider other propositions: but until they do
refuse J think it is unjust to take from them
the right to decide for ther:i,sehes. I will^say
furthermore, in presenting this proposition,
that I find it to be in accord with the telegram
went by the President of the United States to
Judge'Shaikoy, which T am authorized to say
Judge Sharkey informs me is genuine. Tt cor-
responds in spirit with that dispatch, and 1 have
no reason to believe, from what the President
of the United States has said heretofore, that
he at all objects to it. I beg leave to road the
dispatch referred to:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, JJ. 0., 15,1865.
Governor "William L. Sharkey, Jackson, Mississippi:
T a in gratified to see that vou have organized your
convention without difficulty. 'X hope that without
delay your convention will amend your'Staie consti-
tution, abolishing slavery and denying to a.U future
Legislatures the powersto legislate that there is prop-
erty in man. Also, that they will adopt the anrend-
mentto theConstitution of thcUmfcedStafcesufeo.lish-
ing slavery. If you could extend the elccttvefr&nefaise
to all persons of color who can read the Constitution,
of the United Statesin English and write their iiamei,
and to all persons .of color who own real 03ta>fceiva£-
ued atnotless than $250, and pay taxes thereon,'
would completely disarm the adversary and set' 4th
example the other States would follow. This you can
do with perfect safety, and you thus place the south-
ern States, in reference to free persons of color, upon
the same basis with the free States. I hope ana trust
your convention will do this, and, as a consequence,
tho radicals, who are wild upon negro franchise, will
be completely foiled in their .attempts to keep the
southern States from renewing their relations to the
Union by not accepting their Senators and Represent-
atives* . ^ s '
ANTIREW JOHNSON,
President United States.
I will state that'tliis letter was not sent to the
convention for the reason that, as Judge Shar-
key understood, the convention had refused to
receive communications from him-upon such,
subjects, so that the question never was pre-
sented to the people of that State or any other
State. The President it appears did not feel
himself authorized to submit the question to
the people, or to demand it as a condition,
because it was not one of the issues made in
the war. He confined himself to those issues.
This was a question outside on which the peo-
ple of the South have had no chance of pass-
ing. The resolution, it will be perceived, in
terms proposes to confer equal suffrage upon
all persons; that the same tests shall apply to.
all persons with one excejjtion; that is, that
persons who were entitled to vote in I860 under
the laws of their respective States shall not
under any circumstances bo disfranchised. It
leaves the States at liberty to fix any educa-
tional or property tost that they may desire as
regards other persons. That would apply to
the young white population under twenty-seven
years of age as well as the colored population.
Both would be placed precisely upon the same
looting as to educational tests. It. would bo
unfair now, I think, to impose an educational
test upon a man who had passed those years
at which persons can with facility learn to read
and write. This would place the young white
men of the country as far as tests are concerned
upon the same looting with the colored people
for all future time. Lf the States desire to es-
tablish an educational test, it would only apply
to young white men who are now under the
age of twenty-seven, an age at which people
can readily learn to read and write. A test of
that kind cannot be applied under this resolu-
tion, thus excluding that mass of ignorance
which all must confess would embarrass the
operations of Government. At the same time
it holds out the opportunity which appears to
be desired on the part of the majority of Con-
gross that the negro may have an opportunity
ultimately to be enfranchised. At all events
it submits the whole question to the South for
them to determine, and wo disclaim by the res-
olution any desire to coerce them in so doing.
The resolution also places before them dis-
tinctly the other questions that arc not wholly
settled as to the rebel debt, and as to any claim
or compensation for the emancipation of their
slaves. Let them pass upon these questions
fairly.
The resolution calls upon the rebels to vote
upon these propositions. I am of opinion that
the South cannot be governed except by a ma-
jority of its people. I do not believe that one
tenth can govern the rest of the people. In
order to govern them they must necessarily re-
sort to such arbitrary means as will destroy free
government in the South. The majority must
govern, and I think it but fair that we should
give the lebels an opportunity to assent to this
' proposition, because J believe that this is about
the sense of the country. If they reject it, it
will then be time enough for us to adopt further
provisions and take another course. The road
will then be pointed out to us; we shall then
know the disposition of the South. It maybe
that the South would rather make the rising
generation stand upon an educational test with
