3358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
none nearer than eighty miles from their reservation,
and asking that an application be made to Congress
for an appropriation to pay a physician, who shall
reside with or near the Indians.
Agent Webb correctly sets forth the facts of the
case, so far as they are within the knowledge of this
office, and I have no doubt there is the necessity he
states for a physician for those Indians.
The amount of $1,500 per annum is specified by
Agent Webb for payment of a physician, who shall
furnish medicines for the Indians at his own expense.
This estimate I consider reasonable.
I have therefore prepared an estimate for an appro-
6riation for the object designated, which I have the
onor to submit herewith. If you concur with the
views of this office as to the propriety and necessity
of such an appropriation, I would respectfully sug-
gest that the matter be laid before the proper com-
mittees of Congress at its present session.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
D. N. COOLEY, Commissioner.
Hon. James Harlan, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. KASSON. I have no knowledge of
the facts, except as they are stated in the re-
marks of the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Windom,] and in the letters which have been
read. I shall be obliged, therefore, to submit
the question to the action of the committee,
only remarking that I do not find that the ap-
propriations for the benefit of this tribe are so
small as would seem to be indicated by one
of the letters. The appropriations in this bill
for these Indians, for various purposes amount
to a great many thousand dollars. Among the
appropriations 1 find the following:
For twelfth oftwenty installments^ coin.perfourth
article treaty 30th September, 1854, $5,000.
The application of this sum is not specified,
and I would suggest that a portion might be
expended for the purchase of necessary med-
icines. I would remark, however, that accord-
ing to the experience hitherto in the West, the
fewer the medicines that find their way among
these tribes, the better will bo their health.
If it be deemed necessary to have a physician
for these Indians, I certainly am not disposed
to object.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I do not
feel at liberty to vote for this amendment, and
I hope that the committee will not agree to it.
It seems to me somewhat remarkable that
after the numerous appropriations embraced
in the bill, amounting to thousands of dollars,
we should now be asked to send among these
Indians, at an expense of $1,500, some person
(who could probably now be named) as a phy-
sician to prescribe for the bodily ills of the In-
dians. I believe that this is only one method
among ten thousand of providing for some
favorites who are hanging around this Indian
Bureau.
Mr. WINDOM. I am not aware of any facts
in addition to those I have stated. If there be
any favorites hanging around, expecting to get
places, I do not know anything about that. I
have offered this amendment simply because
such a provision has been recommended by
the chief of the Indian Office and the head of
the Interior Department. Whenever there is
offered here any proposition directed against
the Indians, the sympathies of certain gentle-
men are always aroused; but whenever it is
proposed to do anything for the benefit of the
Indians the proposition is at once suspected as
involving some improper scheme. I believe
that the appropriation which I have moved is
an honest appropriation and ought to be made.
I know nothing about it, however, except what
I have stated.
Mr. SPALDING. The prejudice is not
against the Indians, but against some of our
own race, who seek to defraud the Indians as
well as the Government. That is what arouses
our_ suspicions; and the trouble is that the
Indian accounts have been full of instances
of such frauds, as has been found by investi-
gation of those accounts in the committee-
room.
Mr. KASSON. I think that under the cir-
cumstances it is better to let the bill go to the
Senate without this amendment. The matter
can be presented to the Committee on Indian
Affairs of that body, with proper statements
regarding the matter.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of line four hundred and fifty-
three the words "per fourth article treaty
September 24, 1857;" so that the paragraph
will read as follows:
For grist and saw mill, and keeping the same in
repairs, per fourth article treaty September 24,1857,
$300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out, in lines four hundred and ninety-nine
and five hundred, the words "to supply a de-
ficiency in this appropriation for the current
fiscal year" and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "for iron and steel;" so that the para-
graph will read:
For permanentprovision for three blacksmiths and
assistants, and permanent provision for iron and steel
for shops, per third article treaty 16th October, 1826,
second article treaty 20th September, 1828, and second
article treaty 29th J uly, 1829, $2,160.; and for iron and
steel, $660.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out, in line six hundred and twenty-three,
"19th," and inserting in lieu thereof "29th;"
and by striking out, in line six hundred and
twenty-four, the word "three" and inserting
in lieu thereof the word "four;" so that the
paragraph will read:
Umpquas and Calapooias of Umpgua Valley,
Oregon:
For second of five installments, of the third series,
of annuity for beneficial objects, to be expended as
directed by the President, per third article treaty 29th
September, 1854, $1,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend by inserting
after line six hundred and forty-one the follow-
ing:
Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians of Wis-
consin :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to take
charge of certain stray bands of Winnebago and
Pottawatomie Indians in the State of Wisconsin.
£10,000.
This is a very necessary appropriation. I
am authorized to say it was only omitted from
the estimates upon which this bill was framed
because of a clcrical error. I will say, from
my own personal knowledge, the appropriation
is absolutely necessary.
Mr. SPALDING. Has the gentleman any
letter from the Secretary of the Interior or the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs ?
Mr. COBB. There is such a letter in my
possession, but I have it not here. It states
the fact I have just given to the House. These
Indians are located, not in my district, but in
the district of my colleague, [Mr. McIndoe.] I
have, therefore, no particular personal interest
in the matter. My colleague left the paper with
others in my possession. I have been absent
for several days and did not expect this bill to
come up to-day.
xWr. SPALDING. I do not doubt the gen-
tleman's word. I only object to this mode of
doing business. Hero is an increase of $10,000
on the gentleman's saying that sum was left out
of the estimates by a clerical mistake.
Mr. KASSON. I will say, in reference to
this, that at the end of the bill my friend will
find the following:
For salary of a special agent to take charge of the
Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians now in the
State of Wisconsin. $1,500.
This whole subject was presented to the
Committee on Appropriations, including the
item of $10,000 he asks for. The committee
was not satisfied of the necessity of the appro-
priation, and it refused to grant it. I am also
instructed to move to strike out the clause for
a special agent, as the Indian Bureau declares
they do not want this special agent without the
other appropriation, that committee declining
to give it on the information furnished. That
is the state of affairs as connected with this
action of the committee.
Mr. COBB. I ask in what manner this sub-
ject was before the committee.
Mr. KASSON. Through the estimates. Such
is my recollection.
Mr. COBB. I think there must be some
mistake about this matter. I am at a great loss
to see how the gentlemen who compose that
committee could have come to the conclusion
this should be stricken out of the estimates of
the Department. The greater portion of these
roving bands of Indians, to which this recom-
mendation alludes, were originally colonized in
the State of Wisconsin. They were brought
there about twenty-four or twenty-five years
ago. They were, some ten or fifteen years ago,
induced to accept a reservation purchased in
what I think is now the State of Kansas or
Territory of Nebraska, and were removed to
that reservation. They almost immediately
returned, a large portion of them, to the State
of Wisconsin. I think they have been removed
half a dozen times by the authority of the Gov-
ernment. I have seen a person called a spe-
cial agent of the Government removing them;
but no sooner does he get them across the river
and settled upon their reservation than they
wander back again and colonize themselves
on the Wisconsin river in the central part of
the State. Of course, as soon as winter sets in
they are left destitute, and commit depreda-
tions upon the white people. Quite a number
of murders and other crimes have been com-
mitted by them.
I say unless the Government takes care of
them in some way, unless some authorized
agent takes charge of them or removes them,
they will become an intolerable nuisance. I
know that with the utmost exertion of my col-
league, [Mr. McIndoe,] in whose district these
Indians are, and who has a great influence
with them, I say it has been with the greatest
difficulty, with every personal exertion on his
part, that he has prevented the white inhab-
itants turning out and annihilating these In-
dians all over the State. It has only been
prevented by a pledge given that the Govern-
ment would take care of these Indians, and
prevent the necessity of their living by pillage,
as they have done in the winter time. It is a
matter of absolute necessity that something
should be done. These bands of roving In-
dians are now without any means of support.
The Government has made appropriations like
this for years past, and these Indians have lived
upon them up to this time. Therefore, unless
the Government removes them and keeps them
away, it becomes an absolute necessity that the
Government should take care of them.
Mr. KASSON. I have not been able to hear
the whole of the statement of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb,] but I would re-
mind him that at the last session of Congress
we appropriated $10,000 for this same purpose.
I would like him to state how that appropria-
tion was expended, if it proved insufficient,
or why it is that this additional demand is
made.
Mr. COBB. I can only state what the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs told me in an in-
formal conversation, a'nd that was, that one
reason why this item was not embraced in the
estimates was that this special agent had not
when the estimates were prepared made his
report on the expenditure of the $10,000 ap-
propriated last year.
Mr. KASSON. My impression is that the
allowance of money for such a purpose will
not really accomplish the object designed.
These Indians are unwilling to go. They have
returned, as my friend states, to their old
ground. There is but one way to accomplish
their removal, and that is through the military
action of the Government. This idea of ap-
propriating $10,000 year after year for this
purpose is a waste of so much money. It will
not enable the Government to remove the
Indians. The appropriations heretofore made
have been unavailing, and I believe that it
would be better to rely upon the military arm
of the Government.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say a word upon this subject, in addition to
what has been said by my friend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Cobb.] I have the honor to rep-
resent a district adjoining that of his colleague,
[Mr. McIndoe,] and I know something of the
state of things which has existed in that dis-
