1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3359
trict in relation to these Indians. The Indians
of this tribe have been in the habit of coming
back to their own camping-grounds, and have
been a great nuisance to the people all through
the section of country to which ray friend has
referred. They have committed innumerable
outrages, and I think the cheapest way of get-
ting nd of them is to make an appropriation
and employ a superintendent or agent to re-
move them. It would cost more to remove
them by military power, even if it could be
done, than the amount now asked for. The
committee can well understand what a nui-
sance it is to the people of that section of
country to have these Indians roving about,
thieving, and robbing, and sometimes even
murdering. I think, sir, that this will, be the
cheapest way to get rid of them. Bui I hope
my friend will reduce the appropriation from
$10,000 to ยง5,000. I think $5,000 will be
enough for the purpose.
Mr. KASSON. I confess I do not see how
an appropriation of $10,000 or $5,000 is going
to get the Indians out of that country and keep
them out of it. even though the fund be admin-
istered by a very good agent.
Mr. COBB. Tn reply to the gentleman I will
say that I have no idea the money would be
sufficient for the purpose of removing these
Indians, for I have no doubt but it would cost
$100,000 to remove them. This appropriation
is to take care of them where they are.
Mr. KASSON. I suggest to my friend from
Wisconsin, without wishing to prejudice his
proposition at all, that since this bill has been
printed, it has been submitted to the Indian
department, and they have made no commu-
nication upon this subject to the Committee
on Appropriations. I trust he will let the bill
go to the Senate, and let the committee there
examine the whole subject. I know of no dis-
position on the part of any member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of this House to
prevent the accomplishment of this object in
any proper way; but I submit to him that we are
not now prepared to pass decisively upon it.
Mr. COBB. If it were my own motion, I
would agree with the gentleman's suggestion,
but I have made the motion in behalf of my
colleague [Mr. McIxdoe] who is absent, and
I do not feel at liberty to withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out $10,000,
and inserting in lieu thereof $5,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. At the end of line six hun-
dred and ninety-seven I move to insert the
words "per fifth article treaty January 31,
1856;" so that it will read:
Makah Tribe:
For first of four installments of $630,000, (bcinf; the
fourth series.) under the direction of the President,
per fifth article treaty January 31, 1855, 81,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON". I move to amend, in line
seven hundred and seventy-nine, by inserting
after the word "President" the words "per
fourth article treaty 11th July, 1655,'' so that
it will i-ead:
Nez Perce Indians:
For second of five installments, of second series,
for beneficial objects, at discretion of the President,
per fourth article treaty July 11,1855, $8,000.
The anftndment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. There are a number of these
amendments which I am instructed to offer,
merely inserting the dates of treaties. They
are, in fact, mere verbal corrections of the
bill, and it will save a great deal of time if I
hand a list of them to the Clerk and let him
make the corrections. I hope there will be no
objection to that course being pursued.
No objection was made, and the bill was
corrected accordingly.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I find the following
clause in this bill:
For insurance and transportation of annuity goods
and provisions to the Flathead Indians for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1867, *511,920 41.
Now, I desire to inquire of the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] if it is proposed to
make appropriations for insaring Indian goods.
I know that last year there were some seventy
or eighty thousand dollars' worth of Indian
goods burned at St. Louis, upon which there
was no insurance.
Mr. KASSON. This provison has been
heretofore placed in Indian appropriation
bills. It is a simple question as to whether
the Government shall insure its own goods or
get them insured.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I know that Indian goods
have been destroyed for the past two or three
years. I know that some seventy or eighty
thousand dollars' worth of Indian goods were
destroyed at St. Louis l.i>t year; and I know
they were not. insured. If money is appropri-
ated for this purpose, 1 want to know why it
is not so applied.
Mr. KASSON. The Committee on Appro-
priations, as the gentleman from Dakota [Mr.
BniiLi:icn] well knows, is not in charge of the
expenditures of the Indian department. It
has been thought proper to place this item in
the Indian appropriation bill, leaving it to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to insure
such goods as he may deem it proper to insure.
The goods that are sent across the plains in
wagons are not generally insured, I believe.
Those that go up the Missouri river, I think,
are probably insured; if not, perhaps they
ought to be. But. that is a matter of discre-
tion on the part of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I know that those goods
were destroyed; and I know that no insurance
was effected upon them ; and 1 ask, what is
the use of appropriating tljis money for the
purpose of insuring these Indians' goods when
it is not used for that purpose, but most, prob-
ably divided up among the officers of the In-
dian Bureau? I move to strike out this clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee hav-
ing passed that point in the consideration of
this bill, the motion of the gentleman from
Dakota [Mr. Bukleigii] can be entertained
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to going back for any such purpose.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the clause
under the head of " Indian service in Colorado
Territory,'' which now reads, "for payment
of interest on $08,Out) abstracted bonds, for the
fiscal year ending.lune SO, 18tiG, St,080.'' by
inserting after " lHtiii" the words "of the Cher-
okee national fund."
Till; amendment was agieed to,
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to strike out the
clause which reads as follows :
For subsistence, clothiiur. and general incidental
expenses of (he HUreton, Wahpaton, Mcdawakan-
ton, and Waliiiakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota
Indian*, at their new homes, $100,000.
My reason for that motion is this: these In-
dians were removed from Minnesota to Dakota
Territory in 1803. in pursuance of an act of
Congress. Within the last few months these
Indians have been removed from their former
location in the Territory down into our settle-
ment. I believe that this whole thing has been
done in violation of law, and not in pursuance
of the act of Congress which gave the authority
for their removal from the State of Minnesota
and their location in the Territory of Dakota.
Now, it appears to me to be high liiuef'or Con-
gress to understand the action of our Indian
agents before they appropriate any more money
for this purpose. These Indians have been lo-
cated in our midst, and we have been told by
the officers having this matter in charge that,
they have been located there in pursuance of
the authority given by the act of Congress of
1863. Now, 1 am perfectly satisfied, and so
are others better qualified to judge of these
matters, that the power conferred by that act
was exhausted by the first removal and loca-
tion of these Indians. I would like to have
the sense of the House upon that question,
and therefore I move to strike out this clause.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Indian service in Dakota Territory:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Dakota Territory, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles, and to
assist, them to locate in permanent abodes and sus-
tain themselres by the pursuits of civilized life, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, $20,000.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I do not know
that that appropriation is needed for Dakota
Territory. [Laughter.] I therefore move to
strike it out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That mo-
tion comes from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, T believe. [Laughter.] Ihopeitwill
bo agreed to.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend line twelve
hundred and forty-three by inserting after the
word " superintendency " the words "for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1807."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to move to strike
out the clause wilieh reads as follows:
For salary of a special acjeiit. to take charge of
Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians now in tho
State of Wisconsin, SI,500.
Mr. COBB. I hope, Mr. Chairman, that this
amendment will not prevail. We have already
appropriated $5,000 for the benefit of these
Indians. It is necessary that this agent should
be continued in order that this appropriation
shall be of any use.
Mr. KASSON. Ther e are agents now con-
nected with the department who can take
charge of the administration of this fund. I
understand that there is an excellent agent
who has attended to this business heretofore
and can do so again. It certainly is notproper
to create a permanent agency with a salary of
$1,500 per annum for the disbursement of a
single fund of $5,000.
Air. COBB. I beg leave to inform the gen-
tleman from Iowa that the very competent
agent as well as honest man to whom he refers
has been removed from office ; and whether as
good a one has been appointed in his place
remains to be seen ; I very much doubt it. But
that agent, however competent, however hon-
est, never did perform these duties. All the
appropriations for this purpose have been ex-
pended through the agency of Mr. Lcmereaux,
a special agent appointed some two years ago.
I have no doubt that there are a great many
agents belongingto the Indian department, and
I do not doubt that, there is a great deal of
material out of which new agents may be made
if there be not already a sufficient number.
But this gentleman resides in the immediate
locality; lie has taken care of these Indians
for the last two years, expending all the ap-
propriations that have been made for them. I
think it would be poor economy at this time to
abolish this otlice. I trust that the gentleman
will not press his amendment,.
Mr. KASSON. This is not a matter of very
great, consequence, and I certainly am not dis-
posed to make a strong point upon a small
matter. But it certainly appears to me im-
proper to appoint an agent at an annual sal-
ary of $1,500 to expend an appropriation of
$5,000. lie would probably be able to disburse
tho money in thirty days.
Mr. COBB. If the expenses of disbursing
this appropriation of $5,000 are to be deducted
from the appropriation itself the amount re-
maining will be sufficient to accomplish the
object contemplated.
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman says that
there is now no agent connected with the de-
partment who can properly disburse this sum
of $5,000 and take charge of these Indians, I
certainly will not insist on my amendment,
t Mr. COBB. 1 certainly do say so.
j Mr. KASSON. Then 1 withdraw the amend-
! merit.
! Mr. Chairman, lam instructed by the Commit-
| tee on Appropriations to offer as new sections,
to come in at the end of the bill, the paragraphs
I which I send to the Clerk.
