1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1439
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say to the Senate
that I think what is proposed by the resolution
will be very useful to the Senate and to the
Committee on Claims. Wo have found the
index which comes down to 184!) to be very ser-
viceable in regard to ascertaining what was
done with claims up to that time; but after 1849
we have no index; and oftentimes there will be
a petition presented for a claim twice over. A
man having his claim partially allowed once,
will present it again; and it is sometimes very
desirable lo have an easy method of reference
. so as to know what has been done upon a claim;
and this proposed index will facilitate that ref-
erence.
The resolution was adopted.
judicial salaries in the district.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which waseonsidered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
llevolved. That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire as to the expedi-
ency and necessity ot inei casing the salaries ot the
judges of the supreme court of said District.
deficiency civil bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order, which
is the unfinished business of yesterday, being
the bill (H. 11. No. 80) making additional ap-
propriations, and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the fiscal year ending the
30th June, 1800, and for other purposes.^
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before proceeding to
consider the amendment that was under discus-
sion last evening, if the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts will allow me, f would like
to amend section fourteen, the last section
which has been adopted. 1 do not know that
it will be necessary to reconsider it. I move,
after the word ''paid," in line throe, to insert
the word "annually." so that the clause will
read, "that from and after the 1st day of
April, 1800, there shall be paid annually, in-
stead of the yearly salaries at present author-
ized, to the Director of the Mint at Philadel-
phia, $-4,000,'' itc.
ThePRESIDENTpj-otoHjPore. Thatamead-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eleven of the
same section after the word " dollars" I move
to insert the words "to the assistant to the
chief coiner, $2,000." That was accidentally
omitted. The clause preceding is "to the chief
coiner, $3,000."
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Thatamend-
inent will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word " engineer,"
in the same line should bo " engraver" so that
it will read, "to the engraver, S3,000."
The PRESIDENT??™ toporf. Thatamend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts
can be taken up.
The PRESIDING! OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
• in the chair.) The question now is on the
amendment ottered last evening by the Senator
from Massachusetts. The Chair had submitted
to the Senate the question whether it was a pri-
vate claim or not.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ It is not
debatable in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Then no explanation can
be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not except
by unanimous consent. If there be no objec-
tion, the Chair will entertain debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
that matter settled. It is settled that on an
appeal from the decision of the Chair there
may be debate. There is a decision, and debate
is allowed if any question is raised: nut where
the Chair will not decide but leaves the matter
to the Senate, and he says it cannot be debated,
it would forbid deoate such as is oidmaiily
allowed on questions of order. I submit, there-
fore, that where the Chair submits to the Sen-
ate a question of order without deciding it one
way or the other, there should be debate al-
lowed upon it. Otherwise no explanation could
be given.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Chair
will state to the Senate that the Chair held yes-
terday that no debate could be allowed on this
question of order. After holding so, the occu-
pant of the chair was somcwhatin cloubtwhether
he had held right, but upon conference with
the President pro tempore of the Senate, the
President pro tempore of the Senate was of the
opinion that the occupant ot the chair was right
on that point, and the Chair does not feel in-
clined to overrule his own decision against the
opinion of the President pro tempore; but if
there be no objection, the Chair will allow the
debate to proceed upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I wish to say with
regard to it is this: I have been reading this
morning the debate which took place last year
on this same subject when a similar proposition
was proposed. 1 find that the matter was very
sharply contested, although by a very small
vote, 10 to 9, I think, just a quorum 
Mr. SUMNER. Seventeen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Seventeen to nine it
was decided to allow the amendment to be
made.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let me remind the
Senator it came up again at the next stage,
and it was again affirmed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the same
position was affirmed. With regard to the
merits of the claim, it seemed there was a very
considerable difference of opinion. But aside
from that, 1 wish to make a suggestion to Sen-
ators if they will listen lo me a moment and
suspend their writing. I .think the_ matter is
important on account of the principle to be
settled by the Senate jn regard to these bills
which appropriate millions of dollars. Sena-
tors, however, do not seem to care anything
about them, one way or another, how it is
decided, or what goes on or what is kept oft.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is the amend-
ment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Secretary to
read the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert after line three hundred and
eiglityfour of section one the following;
For services of James G. Clarke, as_aetinpc charge
d'affaires at IJrussels from June XI, 1657, to Septem-
ber 27,1858, $6,483.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I find, on reading the
debate of last year, that the charge d'affaires
at Brussels at ihat time came home on leave,
and this gentleman, who was with him as a
sort of voluntary secretary under no pay, was
by him, when he came home, put ill charge of
the legation, and incurred some expense, and
was recognized by correspondence with the De-
partment as acting charge d'affaires. He had
no appointment, no commission, or anything
of the kind, but continued there to discharge
the duties. He was not, therefore, appointed
an officer. There was no law under which he
acted. We were paying the salary at the same
time to the person who came home, as we
always do in such cases. Perhaps it is not an
unfrequent case, but I do not deem it to be*a
proper one. It is conceded that there was no
appointment made, and consequently, there
bein<r no appointment made, there was no law
under which he could be paid. He continued
there at the request of the person who came
home, and having continued there a given
length of time, at the end of five or six years
for the first time—because, as was said m
debate, he is a very modest man he makes
his claim, presents it to Congress, and it is
recommended io be paid by the Department
on the ground that he having performed the
duty there it was a debt that the Govern-
ment ought to pay, because he performed
those duties. I inferred from the debate that
he was a gentleman of fortune and did not
care much about it j and it was stated in the
debate that finally his friends, urged him to
make the claim while he was here in this city,
and he made it. He is a very worthy'gentle-
man, no doubt, but there was no law under
which he was appointed and no law under
which he could be paid, and on that grftund
the claim was put upon the appropriation bill.
The rule of the Senate is a dear one that no
private claim shall be put upon an appropria-
tion bill, and the que.stion was first left to the
Senate whether it was a private claim, and they
decided that it was not, as they do in a' great
many other eases directly contrary to the whole
fact, because they thought it ought' to'be paid.
If the rule of the Senate is a rule of any value,
and I think it is of great value, in protecting
the appropriation bills, it ought to be adhered
to. Acting upon that rule, the Committee' on
Finance invariably strike off all these. private
claims that arc put upon the appropriation bills.
There were half a dozen of them in this bill,
very meritorious claims probably. I know
nothing to the contrary. ' In fact I know one
of them to be so—the claim of William Handy,
a very admirable clerk in the Treasury Depart-
ment, for work done some six or seven years
ago, for $500. That was put on by the House -
of Representatives. Then there was .another
claim for $100, for extra work of some kind,
which was also stricken out by the committee,
and also a claim of a laborer for work for a
year and a half, all without any law. I should
be glad to have them paid ; they ought to .be
paid, probablv; but we struck them off because
they were private claims. Now, there is no
reason in the world why the claim of this gen-
tleman for $0,000, whatever may be the jus-
tice of it, should be put on this bill by the
Senator from Massachusetts, or anybody else,
because ho is a gentleman and man of fortune
and an acting charg6, when you strike off all
the claims of these men^ clerk and others, who
performed services precisely in the same way,
on the ground of our stringent rule that it is
necessary to protect the appropriation bills
against these private claims.
I do not feel inclined to discuss the merits
of this claim. I am perfectly willing, for the
sake of the argument, to allow that it is meri-
torious, although it struck me on reading the
debate that this gentleman did not mean at
first to make any such claim. He allowed it to
lie dormant for six years, and then presented jt
because his friends urged him to do so, and said
he could get it. That seemed to be the^ amount
of it. There is no law to authorize it. The
Senator from Massachusetts in the debate last
year said the reason why it was here_ was be-
cause there was no law to authorize it. I do
hope that the Senate will adhere to its rule and
keep these private claims off the appropriation
bills. , ,
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator would state
how he distinguishes between the character of
this claim and the character of the appropria-
tion proposed for Handy and the appropriation
that was struck out yesterday for the employes
in the provost marshal's office here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That came under a law-
authorizing the appointment of clerks. They
were regularly employed. ...
Mr. HOWE. If there was a law authorizing
their appointment they would have been paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was for the want of
an appropriation that it was put on, I suppose;
but as there seemed to be^ somedonbt about it,
I did not strenuously resist striking it out. _1
said that I cared nothing about it, and that it
might be struck out because I had some doubt
about it. .. ,
Mr. HOWE. How long does this man charge
f°Mr. SUMNER. Fifteen months. I will
eX&r.1 FESSENDEN. If it is a private claim
I want it struck -off. If it is not, I am per-
fectly willing that the Senate should act on it
on its merits.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention
of the Senate for one moment, I think I can
make this case clear, although I must say it is
