3360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the 31st day of December, 1866, the Secretary of
War shall exercise the supervisory and appellate
powers, and possess the jurisdiction now exercised
and possessed by the Secretary of the Interior m
relation to all the acts of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, .and shall sign ail requisitions for the advance
or payment of money out of the Treasury on esti-
mates or accounts, subject to the same adjustment
or control now exercised on similar estimates or ac-
counts by the Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treas-
ury, or either ol them.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That 
Mr. WINDOM. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is out of order, for the
reason that it is not to carry out any treaty
stipulation or any provision of existing law.
Hence it is not in order on an appropriation
bill.
Mr. KASSON. If I understand the objec-
tion, it does not apply, as the amendment is
' germane to the objccts of the bill, being de-
signed to direct the manner in which the appro-
priations shall hereafter be disbursed. I sub-
mit, therefore, that the point of order is not
. well taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment is not in order, as it changes
existing law.
Mr. i£ASSON. Let the whole amendment
be read before the Chair gives his decision.
. The Clerk concluded the reading of the
amendment, as follows:
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enacted, That the Secretary
of War shall bo authorized, whenever in his opinion
it shall promote the economy and efficiency of the
Indian service, to establish convenient departments
and districts for the proper administration of the
duties now imposed by law on the superintendents
of Indian affairs and upon agents and sub-agents,
and to substitutcfor suchsuperintendentsa.nd agents
officers of the Army of the United States, who shall
be designated for that purpose, and who shall then
become charged with all the duties now imposed by
lawupon the superintendents and agents thus super-
seded, without additional compensation there-
for. Officers of the Army so designated, shall not be
required to give the bonds now required of civil ap-
pointees, but shall bo responsible for any neglect or
maladministration, accoiding to the Rules and Arti-
cle* of W.'tr.
Sec. 3. ylm/ be it further enacted, That all contracts
foi transportation connected with the Indian service
shall hereafter be made iu the same manner and at
the same time provided for transportation for the
use of the Army.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War shall be authorized to withhold all spccial
licenses from traders, and, under regulations to be
by him prescribed, to provide the times and places
at which all traders complying therewith may pres-
ent themselves for bargain*barter, and exchange
with the pcvcial Indian tribes, according to the laws
of the United States regulating the same.
Sec. 5. A iid be if farther enactcd, That all laws and
parts of lows inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed.
The CHAIRMAN". The Clerk will read for
the information of the committee the rule on
which the decision of the Chair is based.
The Clerk read as follows:
4*]STo appropriation shall be reported in such general
appropriation bills, or be in order as an amendment
thereto, tor any expenditure not previously author-
ized by law, unless in continuation of appropriations
for such public works and objects as arc already in
progress, and for the contingencies for carrying on
the several Departments of the Government."
The CHAIRMAN. It has been decided that
under this rale it is not in order to propose
an amendment to a general appropriation bill
which changes an existing law.
Mr. KASSON. I believe the Chair is right.
I move that the committee rise and report the
bill to the House.
The motion wa<? agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Randall, of
Pennsylvania, repoited that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 337, making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending .June 80, 1807, and had directed him to
report the same back to the House with sundry
amendments.
Mr. ICASSON. I move that the vote be
taken on all the amendments of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on tho state of the Union,
reserving for a separate vote the amendment
adopted on motion of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Hubbard,]
There was no objection, and the amendments
were concurred in.
The question then recurred on striking out
the following words:
Indian service in Dakota Territory:
For tho general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Dakota Territory, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes and sus-
tain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, $20,000.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I do not insist
on that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
. The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Smith, one of its Clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S.
-No. 369) to establish certain post roads, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
icoontz versus coffkotii.
Mr. DAWES presented papers in the case of
Koontz vs. Cofiroth ; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
revision of united states statutes.
Mr. WOODBRIDG-E, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back Senate bill No. 59, to provide
for the revision and consolidation of the
statutes of the United States, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The bill is as follows:
Be it unacted, &c.. That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint
three persons, learned in the law, as commissioners,
to revise, simplify, arrange, and consolidate all stat-
utes of tho United States, general and permanent in
their nature, which shall be in iorcc at the time such
commissioners may mako tho final report of their
doings.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That, in perform-
ing this duty, the commissioners shall bring together
alt statutes and parts of statutes which, from simi-
larity of subject, ought to be brought together, omit-
ting redundant or obsolete enactments, and making
such alterations as may be necessary to reconcile the
contradictions, supply the omissions, and amend the
imperfections of the original text,* and they shall
arrange the same under titles, chapters, and sections,
or other suitable divisions and subdivisions, with
head-notes briefly expressive of the matter contained
in such divisions; also with side notes, so drawn as
to point to tho contents of the text, and with refer-
ences to tho original text from which each section is
compiled, and to the decisions of the Federal courts,
explaining or expounding the same, and also to such
decisions of the State courts as they may deem expe-
dient; and they shall provide by a temporary index,
or other expedient means, for an easy reference to
every portion of their report.
Sue. 3. And be -d further enactcd. That when the
commissioners have completed the revision and con-
solidation of the statutes, as aforesaid, they shall
cause a copy of tho same, in print, to be submitted
to Congress, that the statute^ so revised and consol-
idated may bo reenactcd, if Congress shall so deter-
mine; and at the same time they shall also suggest
to Congress suc-h contradictions, omissions, and im-
perfections as may appear in the original text, with
the mode in which they have reconciled, supplied,
and amended the same; and they may also desig-
nate such statutes or parts of statutes as. in their
judgment, ought to be repealed, with their reasons
for such repeal.
Sec. -i. And be it further enactcd, That the commis-
sioners shall be authorized to cause their work to be
printed in parts, so fast as it may be ready for tho
press, and to distribute copies of tho same to mem-
bers of Congress, and to such other persons, in lim-
ited numbers, as they may sec fit, for the purpose of
obtaining tlieir suggestions; ancl they shall, from
time to time, report to Congress their piogress and
doings.
Sec._ 5. And be it further enacted. That the statutes
so revised and consolidated shall be reported to Con-
gress as soon as practicable, and the whole work
closed without unnecessary delay.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the commis-
sioners shall each receive as compensation for his
services at the rate of $5,000 a year for three years,
with tho reasonable expenses of olorioal servieo and
other incidental matters, not to exceed $2,000 annu-
ally for such expenses.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. WOODBRIDG-E moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave op absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Ketcham and
Mr. J. L. Thomas.
ellen sanderson.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report, from the Committee on Military-
Affairs, House bill No. 27o, for the relief of
Ellen Sanderson.
The bill was read. It authorizes the pay-
ment of $10,000 to Ellen Sanderson, widow
of Colonel John P. Sanderson, provost mar-
shal general of Missouri, for services in detect-
ing and exposing an organized conspiracy in
the loyal States against the Government of the
United States.
Mr. WA8HBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the reading of the report.
The report was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE of Illinois. That re-
port is not very satisfactory.
Mr. BOUTWELL, and Mr. ASHLEY, ot
Ohio, objected to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am sorry there is any
objection raised.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will withdraw my ob-
jection for the purpose of hearing a statement
of the facts, reserving the right to renew it.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I can state the case in a
few words. I suppose every member is aware
of the fact that this man was provost marshal
in General Rosecrans's district. He spent some
three months of the latter part of his life iu
detecting and exposing a conspiracy gotten up
iu the Northwest to overthrow the Government,
in which Bowles and Horsey were implicated
and convicted. Everybody is familiar with it.
There was but one such conspiracy against the
Government that I know of, except the great
rebellion. In detecting and exposing this con-
spiracy, Colonel Sanderson devoted- the last
three months of his life, and in fact died in his
efforts just before the work was completed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If there is to be
any report made in this case I will withdraw
my objection.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I have only to say that
he gave up his life in the discovery of this con-
spiracy, and I know of no more important work
done during the rebellion than that which he
did, nothing more beneficial to the country. I
think if there is a just claim againt the Govern-
ment that has been presented during this ses-
sion it is this one on behalf of his widow.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would inquire if Col-
onel Sanderson was not an officer of the Army,
drawing his pay like other officers.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Did he discharge any
other duty than what was incumbent upon him
as an officer of the Government?
Mr. ROUSSEAU". Perhaps he discharged
nothing but what he ought to hsA'e done, but
his services were very extraordinary, such as
were never rendered before, I believe, in the
history of this country by anybody—extraor-
dinary not only in character as regards labor
and difficulty, but in their results. I will yield
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shella-
isarcer. J
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I adk the indul-
gence of the House to make a brief statement.
The matter of the services of Colonel Sander-
son came to my personal knowledge especially
and peculiarly on account of the fact that his
widow was a resident of my district. The gen-
eral character of those services is known to the
entire country. Their inestimable value has
been fully recognized and appreciated by the
country. Every loyal citizen who has read the
