376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
anybody is entitled to it, it is the soldiers and
Mr. BITTER. I do not withdraw my objec-
tion.
basis 03? bepkesentatiojr.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be on the following joint resolution:
* Resolved, by the Senate and Bouse of Representatives
of the United States of America, in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislaturesof the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; which, when ratified by three
fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, namely:
A"kTici.k—. Kepresentatives and direct taxes shall
be apportioned among the several States which may
bo included within this Union according to their re-
spective numbers, counting the whole number of per-
sons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed: Pro-
vided, That whenever the elective franchise shall be
denied or abridged in any State on account of race
or color, all persons of such race or color shall be
oxcluded from the basis of representation.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert the word
"therein," so that it will read as follows :
Provided, That whenever tho elective franchiso
shall be denied or abridged in any State on account
of race or color, all persons therein of sueh race or
color shall be excluded from the basis of representa-
tion.
I now demand the previous question.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the gentleman a
question concerning tho construction of the
proposed amendment to the Constitution. If it
boars the construction I conceive it may, I shall
bo obliged to vote against it. Perhaps the gen-
tleman can answer the question satisfactorily.
The proviso is, that whenever tho elective'fran-
chise shall bo denied or abridged in any State
on account of race or color, all persons therein
of such race or color shall be excluded from the
basis of representation.
It says nothing about the qualification of prop-
erty. Suppose this amendment is adopted by
three fourths of the States, and becomes a part
of the fundamental law of the land, and after
its adoption the State of South Carolina should
reinstate the constitution of 1790, striking out
. the word "white" and reestablishing the prop-
erty qualification of fifty acres of land, or town
lots, or the payment of a tax, there would then
bo no discrimination of color in the State of
South Carolina, yet, the number of electors
would not be enlarged five hundred, and the
basis of representation would bo exactly as it
is, with the addition of two fifths of the en-
franchised freedmen. A Representative to this
House would be reeleded by tho same voting
constituency as now, perhaps with tho addition
of five hundred black men in tho State. If it
bears this construction, and I believe it docs,
I shall vote against it.
If any of the States should establish property
qualification based upon lands, then the same
oligarchy would be enthroned on the whole
basis of representation, entitled to a larger num-
ber of .Representatives than now in this House,
and elected by a slighlly enlaiged number of
qualified electors, giving power more (irally to
that very aristocracy wc have sought to over-
throw.
Mr. STEVENS. ^ All I can say is that if the
law applies impartially to all, then no matter
whether it. cuts out white or black.
Mr. FAUNSW0KT1L Suppose the State
of South Carolina should provide by law that
no negro should hold real estate.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the amendment, oper-
ates. I demand the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me put a question. The
proviso reads that whenever the elective fran-
chiso shall be denied or abridged in any State
on account of race or color, all persons therein
of such race or color shall be excluded from
the basis of representation. There are in Cali-
fornia and Oregon something like one hundred
thousand coolies. They are increasing and
going into the western States to build railroads.
Are they included?
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that if they
are excluded by the laws of California because
they are Chinese, this amendment operates upon
them because they are excluded on account of
race.
Mr. BROOKS. They will not be counted in
the basis of representation? • •
Mr STEVENS. Not at all; it was so in-
tended ; the word "race" "was inserted for that
purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. One other question. Why
exclude the Indian? Is he not a man and a
brother?
A Member. The Constitution now excludes
him.
Mr. STEVENS. " Excluding Indians not
taxed.''
Mr. BROOKS. We exclude them at this
time, but are not Indians our brethren?
Mr. STEVENS. The Constitution of the
United States has always excluded them.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not, as we are amend-
ing the Constitution, embrace the Indian as a
man and a brother?
Mr. STEVENS. Because they are a tribal
race, have their own separate governments,
and, as a general rule, are not citizens.
Mr. BROOKS. Not in Kansas, Dakota,
Montana, Nebraska, and a number of other
Territories.
Mr. CONKLING. They are taxed there.
Mr. BROOKS. No, they are not; they are
excluded from voting. There are no Indians
that vote in Dakota; Representatives and Del-
egates from that quarter know that very well.
W hy not embrace them all, as we are making
a liberal Constitution?
Mr. STEVENS. Wehave notdone itforfear
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
and others would make that an objection.
[Laughter.] I call the previous question.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman yield for
tho purpose of offering an amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot.
Mr. SLOAN. I hope, then, that the previous
question will not be sustained.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, what will
bo the effcct of this motion upon the resolution ?
Will it exhaust itself?
The SPEAKER. It will exhaust itself on
the passage of the joint resolution if the pre-
vious question is sustained.
Mr. BAKER. I trust that my distinguished
and able friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] will yield for a very few minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. That is so polite, sir, that
I cannot resist, it.
Mr. BAKER. Then I ask tho gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question : whether it is
entirely proper to put through by a vote of this
House an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, refusing one word of debate or
one moment to raise objections to it for the con-
sideration of this House? For myself, sir, I
protest against this course.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have only
suggested what I thought it my duty, if this
amendment is.to pass. I have only submitted
the question to the IIousc. If the House de-
sires to delay this matter it can say so by re-
fusing the previous question. I have no right
to demand it; 1 only submit it to the House.
If gentlemen are ready to vole and are willing
to go on now and pass this amendment, very
well; if not, I have nothing to say.
Mr. BAKER. Why not allow five or ten
minute speeches ? Take two hours, any way.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, it is not for
me to say. 1 am submitting this question to the
House. I think that wc ought to pass it at once.
I think everybody is just as well prepared now
as ho will be two or three hours hence.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Allow mo to make
a suggestion. Let us consider this in Commit-
tee of tho .Whole, with debate limited to ten
minutes, if you please, or five.
Mr. BROMWELL. That amounts to noth-
ing at all.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. Let ten minutes be
allowed to each to express his views. I hope
the House will vote on the previous question to
enforce that suggestion.
Mr. BROMWELL. I know a number of gen-
tlemen who are not satisfied concerning this very
resolution under consideration—about the inter-
pretation of it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ifitisin order I will
make that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I would be glad to give
gentlemen an opportunity to limit debate. •
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Illi-
nois to make the motion to allow debate for ten
minutes?
Mr. VOORHEES. I suggest to my friend
from Illinois to allow about two minutes.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I am so much
astonished at the exhibition on this side of the
House that I withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question and leave this matter with the
House.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, if there had
not been such an evident indisposition on both
sides of the House to proceed to an immediate
vote on this question, I should not have asked
anytime; although, as the original mover of the
resolution, which appears in another form, which
form I do not like, I might be supposed to have
some little desire to say a word in regard to it.
I wish, in the first instance, to correct a mere
question of figures which I quoted yesterday
from the table prepared under the auspices of
the gentleman who is at the head of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Morrill,]
by which he showed that the suffrage basis of
white males over twenty-one would give to the
State of New York thirty-six members, and to
the State of Pennsylvania twenty-four. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Conkling]
controverted this proposition and I now reas-
sert it. The gentleman's own table differs only
a unit from mine. It gives thirty-live to New
York and twenty-four to Pennsylvania, making
a net gain to New York in the one case of four
members, in tho oilier of five. 'Well, that is not
a very vast change in either case. It is not "so
deep as a well nor so wide as a church door, but
it is enough" for Pennsylvania, I should think,
and I hope on the other side it would be enough
for New York. It is a tremendous dislocation
of the relative strength of those States upon this
floor.
But as the gentleman from New York, in in-
troducing his figures, did not use them in sup-
port of the suffrage basis, of course I have no
issue with him, because they supported nothing
except a proposition on which both he and I
agree; and so far as his argument went in that
way it went against the conclusion he was con-
tending for, presenting anew the spectacle of
the waterman in tho Pilgrim's Progress, who
got his living by vigorously rowing in one direc-
tion while steadily looking in the other.
Mr. CONKLING. Idesire to answer not so
much the argument as the witticism of my friend
from Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, no; no wit, either per-
petrated or intended.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. Speaker, we
considered it very witty over here; but then we
are so far off.
Mr. BLAINE. Glad the gentleman thinks
my wit will carry a long distance.
Mr. CONKLING. In answer to what wo
deemed over hero the witticism of the gentle-
man, I wish to say that I had a particular pur-
pose in introducing the figures and statement
that I did, and that wasnotto argue upon orto
refute the proposition that T was supporting.
On the contrary, it was for this purpose: it is
very common in the country to charge that noth-
ing can be done here which in any way militates
against the interests or the aggrandizement of
New England. It is said that New England is
the focus of fanaticism.
Mr. BLAINE. I thought the gentleman only
rose for explanation.
Mr. CONKLING. I am going to make a
very brief explanation. New England is the
place where the man said the sun riz and sot
in his back yard, and it is alleged that such
regard is had to it here that we cannot do any-
thing here that militates against New England,
and that various persons here—myself among
the number—are opposed to the suffrage basis
merely because it takes away some part of the-
