1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3361
report of Judge Holt, which is founded mainly
Upon that singularly exhaustive and laborious
report- of Colonel Sanderson, knows the na-
tional value and character of those services.
■ Now,- the statement that I desire to make of
: what -has especially come to my own knowl-
edge is this, that the services, in their nature,
were: in the first place, of a kind that did
not in the main appertain to the duties of the
office that he held. Although they were akin
to those duties, yet the greatest part of them
were not sucli as came within the official pur-
view of his office. His services were of a char-
acter that could not be delegated to others,
being strictly secret and confidential; and the
slightest whisper in regard to them to another
would have been utterly fatal to the cause of the
Govei-nment. Hencethey had tobe discharged by
this singularly faithful officer or not discharged
at all. While he was alive and in the discharge
of these duties he was admonished again and
again that he was discharging themi at the haz-
ard of his life. His reply was, "'My life shall
be .sacrificed if the interests of my Govern-
ment demand it. These duties cannot be del-
egated, they must be gone forward with." And
he went forward with them and let me say
here in the face of the House, that his services
were eminently valuable in saving the Gov-
ernment. They were of national importance.
They resulted in the exposure of a wide-spread
and universal conspiracy, lie left a widow and
children in indigent circumstances; and now
we ask that this widow and children of one who
deliberately laid down his life that the Govern-
ment might live shall have the small allowance
proposed by this measure. I do hope the House
will permit the bill to pass.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio when this officer laid down
his life for the Government, and in what man-
ner he did it. lie died a natural death, did he
not?
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. It was the hard
work he performed in his infirm slate of health
that killed him. The amount of work he did
can be shown by the manuscript he produced,
which is, 1 believe, in the hands of the Military
Committee of this House. It includes several
thousand pages of report
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object td the conside-
ration of the bill.
HOMESTEAD SELECTION'.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution to enable dis-
charged soldiers to change the location of
homestead selections in certain eases; which
was read a first and second lime and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPALDING,
fatten minutes past four-o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The follow ins? petition*, Ac., vecrc presented under
tho rule and referred to tho approprintooommiftees:
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of General M. 0.
Meigs, and several hundred residents and citizens of
Washington, prayiner that Congress will appropriate
suitable grounds, within a convenient distance of tbo
city, for a public park.
Also, the memorial of General 0. 0. Howard, and
many others, eitizens and rosMonls of Washington,
praying thatCongresswitl aetaparfc suitable grounds
for a public park of not less than one thousand acres,
withm a eonvonicntdistance of tho city.
By Mr. GRISVYOLD: Remons trances of a large
number of -citiscns ot northern New York against
making House's Point bridge a post load.
By Mr. HALE: Twelve petitions of citizens of Clin-
ton and lisscx counties, New York, praying the re-
peal of an act to establish a post route from West
Alburg, Vermont, to Champlain, New York, and for
other purposes, approved May 21,1866.
By Mr. IIOTCI1KISS: The petition of citizens of
Broome county. New York, for the relief of State
banks.
By Mr. PEIIIIAM: The petition of Emerance Be-
rube, for pension to tier minor children.
By Mr. KICE, of Massachusetts; The remonstrance
of tho Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad Company
against granting permission to the Kansas branch of
the Union Paciiio railroad to refile their map, &o.
By Mr. WOOBBRIBGE: ThcpetitionofII.II. Lov-
eridgc, and 30 others, citizens of Meadville, Pennsyl-
. vania>  for the relief of Ed win L. Drake; also of John
Miller, president of Cherry Run and Chenango Oil
Company* and others, for the same purpose.
39th Cong. 1st Sew,—No. 211.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 23, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. McCosn, of Queen's
College, Belfast, Ireland.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Floyd Jones, of the nineteenth
infantry, and other officers of the Army, pray-
ing for an increase of compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of Peter
V. King & Co., and other importers and deal-
ers in coffee, tea, sugar, and other foreign mer-
chandise, praying that the tax on sales made
by commercial brokers may be repealed ; which
was ordered to lie on the tiible.
Mr. HARRIS presented four petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying for the repeal or
modification of the law imposing a tax of ten
per ccnt. on the circulation of State banks after
the 1st of July next; which were ordered to lie
on tho table.
lie also presented (he petition of the North
American Ressel Committee, praying Congress
to make a donation to assist in erecting a na-
tional monument at the seat of Government to
the memory of Joseph Ressel, the author of
the invention and of the first application of the
screw in steam navigation; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
P.F.I'ORTri OP rOMMlTTKKS.
Jilr. COWAN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Ofliee. to whom was re-
ferred a bill (II. R. No. -V.) 1) for the relief of
Thomas D. Durrall, reported it without amend-
ment.
lie also, from tho same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Ilayward A. Har-
vey, praying fur a further extension of the pat-
ents granted to the late Thomas W. Ilarvey,
for the manufacture of wood screws, reported
a bill (S. No. 088) for the relief of Ilayward
A. Harvey; which was read and passed to a
•second reading.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Stephen R. I'ark-
hurst, praying for an extension ol' his patent
for ginning eotlon and burring wool, reported
a bill (S. No. for the relief of Stephen R.
Parkliurst; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of Union county, Indiana, praying
that a pension may be granted to John 1'ylo,
who lost his left leg while in the discharge of
his duty as a soldier, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. "90) granting a
pension to John Pyle. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
PATENT FEES.
Mr. COWAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Ollice, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. o-12)
in amendment of an act to promote the prog-
ress of the useful arts, and the acts in amend-
ment of and in addition thereto, to report it
back without amendment and with the lecoin-
lneudation that it pass. As I presume there will
be no objection to the bill, 1 ask unanimous
consent to have it considered this morning.
There being 110 objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of tho Whole. It pro-
vides that upon appealing for the first time
from the decision of the primary examiner to
the examiners-in-chief in the Patent Office, tho
appellant shall pay a tee often dollars into the
Patent Office to the credit of the patent fund ;
and that no appeal from the primary examiner
to the exaiDinesS-in-chief shall hereafter be
allowed until the appellant shall pay this fee.
M.". OO^yAN. 1 will merely state that an
vjjpiication for a patent is first referred to the
primary examiner, and if the decision is ad-
verse there is an appeal to the board of exam-
iners, but on that appeal there is no fee now
paid. It is complained in the office that par-
ties do not appear before the primary exam-
iners, because they can appeal without any
additional cost; and it is therefore thought to
be advisable, for the purpose of compelling
them to attend to the case before the primary
examiners, that there should bo an appeal fee,
to be paid before going to the examiners-in-
chief. The committee think this is proper,
and have therefore recommended the passage
of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Ts that all there is in the
bill ?
Mr. COWAN. That is all.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
liILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
387) to secure the speedy construction of the
Northern Pacific railroad and telegraph line,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
KIOHAKD W. SIKADE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. No. o'J) to refer the claim of the
administrator of Richard W. Meade, deceased,
to the Court of Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what
the meaning of that is. Iain utterly opposed
to these resolutions referring particular cases
to the Court of Claims, over which that court
now have 110 jurisdiction. If we want to in-
crease their jurisdiction we should do it by ati
amendment to the statute, without taking up
these eases, of which they have no jurisdiction
now, and referring them there.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have the
resolution read before it is condemned, so that
the Senate may see what it contains.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the resolution at length is asked for, and
it will be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
"Whereas doubts aio entertained whether the claim
of the estate of .Richard W. Moade, deceased, upon
the Government of the United States is covered and
embraced by tho ninth section of tho actofod March,
IBblJ, entitled "An act to amend an act to establish a
eomt tor the investigation of claimsasainst. the Uni-
ted States," approved February 24,1855, which caso
ivas reierred to the t-aid couit by resolution of the
Senate, pas=ed 27th l'Voruary, 18(51: Now, in order
to lemove alt doubts on that subject,
RoHoivcd, d-c., 1'hat ttie said cfaim of Kichard VT.
Meade, administrator of Richard W. Meade, de-
ceased, be, and the same is hereby, referred to tho
Court of Claims for adjudication thereof, pursuant to
authoilty confened upon said court by an existing
law lo exa.mino and decideclaims against tho United
Stales refened to it by Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not see that that
meets the objection at all.
The PRESIDENT protempore. It is moved
that tho Senate proceed to the consideration
of the joint resolution which has just been read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
taken up. I am opposed to all of these res-
olutions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This resolution is simply
intended to remove doubts as to the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims over a case now
pending in that court referred by a resolution
of the Senate to the Court of Claims. I do
not know that it is advisable to proceed with n
statement of the merits of the claim now. Tt
is an old claim. Tho heirs of Richard W.
Moade—Captain Meade, General Meade, and
others—simply desire to have, the question set-
tled as to whether the Government is respon-
sible for this claim or not by an adjudication
of the Court of Claims ; and then by an adju-
dication of the Supreme Court; and if it is
eventually dccided that the Government, is not
responsible for this claim they desire, under
such circumstances, to make application to
