1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
or not; that is a small matter in my judgment;
but it is a very great matter whether we stand
by the rule which forbids the tacking of private
claims to a general appropriation bill, because
each proposition ought to stand upon its own
merits; and this thing of carrying through a
private claim by the weight of a general appro-
priation bill, and compelling Senators either to
vote against an appropriation bill or for an un-
just private claim, works corruption in legisla-
tion in my judgment; and therefore I think the
principle is a very important one. I cannot
see any other rule than the one I suggested.
If a man does service for the Government un-
der existing law, the only question is, is there
money in the Treasury appropriated out of
which he can be paid? If there be, he goes
and gets his money. If there be not, it only
awaits an appropriation for him to get the ■
money. Therefore I think the rule a good
one.
Mr. HOWE. I would not have paid any at-
tention to this subject if I had not been expressly
ordered to do so both by the chairman of the
Finance Committee and the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations. I was en-
gaged in writing, but upon their requisition I
did pay some attention to the debate; and as I do
not happen to agree with either of them, I want
to state what ails me. [Laughter.] Now, when
it is alleged that it is the rule of the Senate to
restrict these appropriation bills to making ap-
propriations for services rendered under exist-
ing laws, why I feel that I am authorized to
plead nul Uel record. I do not believe any such
rule can be established. On the contrary, I
believe your appropriation bills are habitually
employed to make appropriations not only for
that class of services, but to make appropria-
tions in a great many cases for services which
have been rendered without any provision of
law authorizing them, and also to make appro-
priations for expenses of any kind, sort, or de-
scription that Congress sees lit to make, entirely
irrespective of the question whether they are
claims or not. You make appropriations for
light-houses, for harbors, for a variety of sub-
jects. 1 had occasion to look over the consti-
tution of your Library and the constitution of
your botanic gardens here the other day, and
those institutions, if they are to be called insti-
tutions, exist almost exclusively in virtue of a
sei-ics of appropriations made to them m these
appropriation bills.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the question
here. The question is as to an appropriation
to an individual.
Mr. 1I0WE. I do not understand how that
alters the principle of the bill. If it is danger-
ous to pake an appropriation for an individual
on a bill like this, is it not much more danger-
ous to make an appropriation to improve a har-
bor or improve a light-house, or to purchase a
book?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The rule is that a pri-
vate claim shall not be added to an appropria-
tion bill. There is no rule that other things
shall not be added to it. There is the differ-
ence. It is the rule of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I am denying the existence of
a Mr FESSENDEN. The rule can be read.
Mr. HOWE. Very well. You find it on the
books, but not in the practice of the Senate.
That is the difficulty. Now, then, if there is
any reason why this Government should pay
this individual $6,000 or any other sum, and
he asks the Government to do it, I do not see
why it is not in the province of the Senate or
of the House, whichever body the claim is pre-
sented to, just as well to refer that claim to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Commit-
tee on Commerce, or any other committee as
to the Committee on Claims, if they prefer to
trust one of their other committees. It is the
usage, undoubtedly, to refer these claims gen-
erally to the Committee on Claims. We have
a committee for that express business ; but 1
do not understand that there is any law which
obliges you to make that reference. It seems
that the Senate did refer this claim to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. Now, if I eould
see any good reason for paying the claim, I do
not see any substantial reason for not putting
it into this appropriation bill; but I must dif-
fer with those Senators who s&y this does ap-
pear to be a meritorious and just claim. I
agree with the Senator from Indiana that it is
not a very important matter whether we pay
$6,000 or not to Mr. Clarke; but I do think it
is a very serious matter whether we should
sanction the usage, if any such usage _ exists,
of allowing the Government to employ in their
service diplomatic agents and officers without
the consent of the Senate, without the author-
ity of law, and recognize our obligation to pay
for their services. I supposed there was a
substantial reason for requiring that officers
employed in the discharge of these duties should
be appointed by the President and confirmed
by the Senate, but if it be so, that when one
minister has been appointed and confirmed by
the Senate, he can leave his post or resign his
post, and that the President or the Secretary
of State may go on at his pleasure and transfer
the duties to some other individual, and the
Government still be bound to pay him for those
services—in this case it is only to pay one,'as
I understand.
Mr. SUMNER. Only one.
Mr. HOWE. Still if we are compelled to
pay for these services, then the law which re-
quires the appointment to be confirmed by the
Senate is effectually evaded. I can see no other
way of putting a stop to that usage, if it is a wrong
one, as I think it is a wrong one, but for us
simply to say we will not pay for such services.
Whatever the question is, therefore, that is sub-
mitted to the Senate, I shall vote in that way
upon it which will tend most certainly to pre-
vent the payment of this claim. I should vote
against putting it on here, if that was the ques-
tion, not because I would not as lief pay it here
as in any other place, but because I do not be-
lieve it is safe to recognize the obligations of
such claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The ques-
tion to, be submitted to the Senate is, Is this a
private claim?
The question being put, it was decided in the
affirmative, there being, on a division—ayes
eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. F15SSENDEN. There was one amend-
ment put, on the bill Jast night, without my
making any objection, by the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. My mind is not satis-
fied about it, and I wish to call his attention to
it. I should like it very much better if he
could state whether the service indicated in it
has been performed.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no information on
that head beyond what was communicated to
me by the Department of State. The items
which I sent to the Chair, and which have been
put upon the appropriation bill, were furnished
fey the Department of State. As the Senate
will remember, the first of them was—
For the pay of the United States commissioner, and
for the pay of the United States surveyor, and ior
incidental expenses in the execution of the duty as-
signed to the ioint commission appointed under the
fust article of the reciprocity treaty between theUni-
tcd States and Great Biitain ofthe5th of June, 1854,
from November 4,1865, to March, 1866, $3,600.
That is the first item. Now, as we are actu-
ally in the month of March, 18GG, it would seen\
as if those services must have been performed.
Then the next item is:
For drafting and compilation of the final chart
showing the places reserved from the common liberty
of fishing, their limits, and description, $800.
The sum totalis $4,400. On this Mr. Seward
says:
" I have the honor to recommend that provision be
made therefor in the deficiency bill."
I laid this before the committee which I repre-
sent on this floor, and they directed me to move
it on an appropriation bill, and I have made
the motion accordingly. I have no informa-
tion with regard to it beyond that furnished by
this letter, except that I may say I understand
that one of the gentlemen, the surveyor, I think
it is, or some of the officers engaged in this
service, has called at the committee-room and
has seen the clerk of the committee once or
twice and has made some explanation to him
with regard to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose this debate
is out of order as there is no motion pending,
and if the Senator from Massachusetts has no
objection, I will move to reconsider the vote
by which that amendment was agreed to.
The mption to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The commissioner al-
luded to in this amendment is a friend of mine,
for whom I have a great regard, living in my
State: but really I do not understand the amend-
ment. Two years ago it was proposed to me
on the committee to make an appropriation to
finish up this line. The treaty arrangement
endured for ten years. It expires to-day or
to-morrow, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. To-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, this joint com-
mission have been engaged during the last ten
years in making that line and defining the
boundary. It has been the most remarkable
specimen of a drizzle that I ever knew in my
life. The salaries of the surveyor and com-
missioner have gone on from year to year, apd
for the last five years the annual appropria-
tions have been made to finish this work. Two
years ago, when the proposition was made to
me, as a member of the Committee on Finance,
to make another appropriation, I refused to
do it. The treaty was about to expire, and I
knew it would not be renewed, and I refused
to "have anything to do with it.- It seems that,
last year the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts moved an appropriation, which was
inserted in the miscellaneous bill which was
lost, in the same terms with this one, I believe,
and appropriating the same amount. That was
an estimate of what it would take to finish up the
work, and it was put on that bill. The service
had not then been performed, but that went
into the appropriation bill, and the appropria-
tion bill was lost. Now, it seems that on the
strength of that, although there was no law for
it and no absolute necessity for it, the commis-
sioner and surveyor, under the direction of thct
Department, went on and performed services,,
of which we have no details, for four months.
The whole salary for a commissioner for a
year, I think, was only $3,000, and the sur-
veyor received, I slo not know how much, per-
haps half that sum. Rut without any law or
any appropriation, it seems they performed ser-
vices for the four months from November lr
1865, to March, 1866 ; and here is an item of
$3,600 for the pay of the commissioner and
surveyor, and contingencies. What the "con-
tingencies " are, I do not know. The commis-
sioner, to my certain knowledge, has been for _
a great part of the time during the last winter
here in Washington. If they are allowed travel
at ten cents a mile from the fishing towns in
Nova Scotia, where neither of them live, and
make it up in that way, I should like to know
it. I want to have the details of this proposed
appropriation. I am not willing to insert on
this bill an appropriation of this amount to pay
these gentlemen for months' services when I
know that the'salaries cannot amount to more-
proportionally than one third of the sum, and
the rest under the head of "contingencies,"
without knowing what they are, on the state-
ment of the Secretary that he recommended
it and $800 more for maps. It is not ex-
plained to my satisfaction. If the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts could only tell us
what they are, and say that they are right, I
am in hopes that I may be able to agree to it
on account of my friend, who is the commis-
sioner down there; but really it docs'not look
to me to be right. In the first place, there
was no appropriation to havo this thing done;
and if it has been done and finished up, there
is no explanation of it. except the gross charge
for so much for salaries and contingencies, all
lumped together. Perhaps the map may be a
