2402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
party that placed him in power and survive that
betrayal without dishonor and disgrace. Not
an instance is known in the history of the world
where a man betrayed his true friends, betrayed
the party that placed him in power, who did not
render himself politically infamous by that act
of-betrayal. _
If illustrations were necessary I might cite
the cases of John Tyler and James Buchanan.
What did either of them make by their betrayal
of those who elevated them to power? They
have made a history which their children (if
they are so unfortunate as to have any) will
weep to read. So will Andrew Johnson, if he
persists in the betrayal of those who put him
into power, sink to the same level with Tyler
and Buchanan; he is on the down grade now,
and he will reach them if he does not soon stop.
Mr. Speaker, let us go to the record of the
President of the United States and see what
that proves. I have taken some little pains
in the short time that I could spare from the
discharge of other duties ^to run over his rec-
ord, and ascertain what positions he assumed
and what principles he enunciated during the
war, for the purpose of contrasting them with
those which he has been uttering during the
last six months. Let the record itself show
the contrast. It will appear as well defined
and as apparent as the contrast between mid-
night and noon-day.
I quote now from Savage's Life of Johnson,
on page 231, from the speech of Andrew John-
son, as a Senator from Tennessee, in the Senate
of the United States, in the year 1861:
"Mr. President, when I was interrupted by the
motion to clear the galleries, I was making a general
allusion to treason as defined in the Constitution of
the United States, and to those who were traitors and
fruilty of treason within the scope and meaning of
mo law ana the Constitution. My proposition was,
that it they would snow me who were guilty of the
otlenses 1 have enumerated, I would show them who
were the traitors. That beingdone, were lthoPresi-
dent of the United States, I would do as Thomas
Jeiierson did in 1808 with Aaron Burr, who was
charged with treason., I would have them arrested
and tried for treason, and if convicted, by the eternal
(rod they should suffer the penalty of the law at the
hands or the executioner."
iNow, I can point out to Andrew Johnson
who the traitors are. And now let him dare
to declare that by the eternal God he will have
them tried, aqd if convicted he will hand them
over to the executioner!
It will not satisfy me that Andrew Johnson
is an honest man because he handed over to
the executioner the poor miserable miscreant
Wirz, and that poor unfortunate woman and
three others who were one and all the mere
tools^ of the intellectual instigators of the assas-
sination. That was but little; they had no
friends; they amounted to nothing. Andrew
Johnson had no reference to such persons when
he made this declaration in the Senate of the
United States. No, sir; he made that declara-
tion against the rebel leaders, against those in
high position who were inaugurating this rebel-
lion. And what has he done to fulfill that prom-
ise? "Were I President of the United States,"
says he. And now that he is President of the
United States, clothcd with the power that he
seemed to desire at that time, what has he done
toward the consummation of that promise ? He
has done nothing. He has not ordered the
trial of any single man in the United States for
treason.
On the other hand, he has pardoned or pa-
roled every single traitor against this Govern-
ment, with the exception, I believe, of two,
perhaps but one. When it became necessary
tor breneral Humphreys, who had surrendered
Ins sword not more than ten days before to Gen-
eial Sherman, to be pardoned, that he might
enter upon the duties of Governor of Missis-
slPP'i here was Andrew Johnson ready to
pardon him. He had not been from the battle-
field three weeks before he was elected Gov-
ernor of Mississippi by the returned rebel legions
ol that Statej and Andrew Johnson at once
sent him an executive pardon to enable him to
enter upon the duties of that office. And I
have been told that General Humphreys never
as much as asked for it.
May 5,
Instead of making treason odious, as he prom-
ised to do, he has done all that he well could
to restore traitors to political power and to
shield them from the legitimate results of their
crimes. He has given them place; he has
given them power; he has recognized them as
being entitled to all the rights of loyal citizens
under the Constitution, with here and there a
solitaiy exception. And if I were a betting
man, if I may be allowed to make use of such
a phrase here, I would bet all that I have on
this earth that he never will order the trial of
Jeff. Davis; and that if he is ever tried and
convicted, Andrew Johnson will pardon him.
I only wish I was as certain to live a thousand
years, and enjoy health and youth, as I am that
Jefferson Davis never will make expiation for
his bloody crimes while Andrew Johnson is
the President of the United States!
Now, let us go a little farther into this record,
and see whether Andrew Johnson is a man who
is keeping his promises or not; and whether it
is true, as h e would have it, that the northern
men are all crazy radicals, and have themselves
"gone back" on the principles they adopted
during the progress of the rebellion. In this
same Life of Johnson, by Savage, on page
295, Andrew Johnson is recorded as having
made use of this language, in his speech at
Nashville, while he was exercising the duties
of military governor under commission from
Abraham Lincoln:
" But in calling a convention to restore the State,
who shall restore and reestablish it? Shall the man
who gave his influence and his means to destroy the
Government ? Is he to participate in the great work
of reorganization ? Shall he who brouglitthis misery
upon the State of Tennessee control its destinies ?"
Just listen :
" Shall he who brought this misery upon the State
be permitted to control its destinies? If this be so,
then all this precious blood of our brave soldiers and
officers so freely poured out will have been wantonly
spilled."
Sir, if that lanfhage was true as regarded
the State of Tennessee, is it not true in refer-
ence to every other State situated as Tennessee
was. Certainly,sir; if it was wrong with regard
to the local legislation of the State of Tennes-
see that traitors should participate in the
reorganization of their local government, the
same objection exists with regard to their reor-
ganizingany other State governmentwhich they
have destroyed. Will not the same objection
exist with regard to traitors participating in
the reorganization of the General Government
in assuming its rightful jurisdiction over the
rebellious States and in restoring them to the
Union practically? "Rebels should not be
represented in the Tennessee Legislature,"
but "they should be represented in the Con-
gress of the United States." I cannot har-
monize these two positions of the President.
They are irreconcilable.
But Andrew Johnson does not talk to-day
as he did then. No, sir, he is for letting all
those rebels participate in the conventions and
in every step toward reconstruction; and if
there is any treason in the way he has a par-
don in his pocket ready to hand it to the man
who may be embarrassed by any disability of
that kind.
Let us continue the examination of the
record:
." All the glorious victorieswon byour noblearmies
will go for naught and all the battle-fields which
have been sown with dead heroes during the rebel-
bon wxll have been made memorable in vain.
'Why all this carnage and devastation? It was
that treason might be put down and traitors pun-
ish eu.
"Therefore I say that traitors should take a back
seat in the work of restoration."
Sir, if Andrew Johnson could have his way
to-day, traitors would take a front seat in the
work of restoration. He has turned square
round. Then, when he was acting with the
Union party, he proclaimed to the world " that
traitors should take a back seat." Now he
groclaims that traitors shall have a front seat,
te would give them front seats in this Hall!
He would introduce here the rebel horde from
Mississippi, Alabama, and other insurrection-
ary States, Hewould have their names called
on our rolls, and let them engage here in the
work of legislation. That is what Andrew
Johnson desires to-day.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.LAWBENCE, ofPennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylvania. I had
promised to yield to my colleague, [Mr. Ran-
dall ;] but if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ingeksoll] is not through, I prefer to yield to
him till he shall .conclude. He is engaged in
a business which I think ought to be finished.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am much obliged to
the gentleman for his courtesy. I shall try to
be as brief as possible. I was not aware that
I was occupying so much time.
Let me quote farther:
"If there be but five thousand men in Tennessee
loyal to the Constitution, loyal to freedom"—
Mark the language! Then he demanded that
men should be loyal to freedom. That prin-
ciple, like his avowals in favor of liberty and
justice, he has deserted!
"If there bebutfive thousand men in Tennessee loyal
to the Constitution, loyal to freedom, loyal to justice,
these true and faithful men should control the work
of reorganization and reformation absolutely."
" Loud and prolonged applause," according
to this report, followed that remark. Sir, I
will guaranty that not one single man who
joined in that demonstration of applause, ap-
plauds Andrew Johnson to-day; not one, sir.
Every man who applauded that sentiment
denounces the course of Andrew Johnson to-
day, denounces his apostacy from the princi-
ples expressed in that speech. The men who
applaud him to-day are the men who denounced
him then, and who, when he made that speech,
hung their heads or looked defiant and sullen.
To-day they are patting him encouragingly
and energetically on the back, and telling him
that he is a second Andrew Jackson; that
though he claims to be a "tribune" of the
people, they are using him to advance their
own purposes; and he seems not to know it;
and he does not want to know it; but the true
men who voted for him know it; he cannot
deceive them.
It is refreshing to read the expressions of
Andrew Johnson a few years ago. By virtue
of such declarations as those I have read, he
inspired the loyal North with confidence in his
patriotism, in his integrity, in his love of uni-
versal freedom and justice to such a degree
that when the patriotic Union men met in con-
vention at Baltimore in 1864 they placed the
name of Andrew Johnson upon their ticket
next to that of Abraham Lincoln, and we went
forth and battled for him faithfully and heroic-
ally against the same party who are denoun-
cing us to-day and supporting him with the
same vigor that they denounced him in 1864.
This is the picture I want Andrew Johnson to
look upon. It is a picture which the real
friends of humanity and justice weep over.
Andrew Johnson has declared that the traitor
has ceased to bo a citizen; and that is the po-
sition I have taken here to-day, that the traitor
has ceased by reason of his rebellion and trea-
son to be a citizen; and that simply because he
failed to consummate that treason in the over-
throw of the Government, he has not been
restored to his citizenship, for no traitor can
be restored to citizenship until the supreme
legislative power of this Government so re-
stores him:
"I.say that the traitor has ceased to be acitizen,
and in joining the rebellion has become a public
enemy. He forfeited his right to vote with loyal
men."—Andrew Jokneon.
Did he, Mr. Johnson? Did the traitor for-
feit his right to vote while you were Governor
of Tennessee under Abraham Lincoln? If he
did, how has that right been restored to him?
If that right wag forfeited while you were Gov-
ernor, why does not that forfeiture continue
till this day when yon are President? Let hira
answer that if he can. He knows the truth is
that he cannot answer it except by reaffirming
his old position. The right to vote was for-
