3362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
the Government of Spain, as this is a claim
which originated against the Government of
Spain; and when the treaty was made between
Spain and the United States, contrary to the
protest of Commodore Meade, the Govern^
ment undertook to discharge Spain from the
payment of this claim and assumed 4ts pay-
ment. Since that time it has been litigated in
various ways and forms, and there have been
reports for and against it; but there has never
been any final determination of the mattTer.
The parties interested simply desire to have
the question submitted finally to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
There is nothing in this resolution indorsing
the correctness of the claim. I have examined
the claim thoroughly. I do not care to express
my opinion upon it; but I am satisfied that if
the claim is not paid the Government will do
an act of great injustice to the parties con-
cerned. The merits of the claim, however,
are not now particularly involved. This is
simply a resolution to enable these parties to
have the question finally adjudicated by the
courts of this country. They hold from the
Government of Spain an absolute acknowledg-
ment of this indebtedness; and if the Govern-
ment of the United States had not interfered,
contrary to their wishes and contrary to the
protest of the holders of the claim, they would
have been paid long ago by the Government of
Spain; but this Government having interfered
the payment was prevented, and the Govern-
ment, upon one quibble and another, since that
time has refused to make payment. I do not
see any particular injustice in allowing these
heirs who are interested in this claim to have
it litigated before the courts of the country and
finally determined. That is all this resolution
proposes to do. If the Senate is disposed to
vote it down, of course I have nothing to say;
but according to the examination I have made
of the matter, I believe it is no more than right
and just that this resolution should pass.
Mr. CLARK. I have had no opportunity
of examining this claim at length, though I
desire to do so, and I suggest to the Senator
from Oregon that he let it lie until the first of
next week.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no desire to press
the matter unduly; but the case is now pending
. in court, and when it is reached upon the docket
it will be dismissed, I suppose, unless there is
some resolution passed by Congress recognizing
or confirming the jurisdiction of the court.
Mr. CLARK. I presume that will not be
done during next week. I move that the reso-
lution be postponed until next week.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe it has not yet
been taken up.
Mr. CLARK. Then no action is necessary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will let it go by.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
motion to take up the joint resolution with-
drawn 1
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir, it is.
ACCOMMODATION OF STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move to take up for
consideration Senate joint resolution No. 110,
which I reported two or three days ago.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 110) to authorize the hir-
ing of a building or buildings for the temporary
accommodation of the Department of State
was read the second time and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is to
authorize the Secretary of State to hire a suit-
able building or buildings for the temporary
accommodation of the Department of State.
It makes an appropriation of such sum, not
exceeding $50,000, as may be necessary to-
ward defraying the expense of such hiring, the
transfer of the public archives, and the fitting
up of the building or buildings.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HISTORY OK THE REBELLION.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution No. 86.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
86) to provide for the publication of the offi-
cial history of the rebellion.
Mr. WILSON. When this joint'resolution
was last before the Senate it was recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and that committee have since re-
ported a substitute for it. I presume that it is
only necessary to read the substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia is to strike out all of
the resolution after the resolving clause, and
to insert in lieu of the words stricken out a
substitute, which will be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows :
That the joint resolution entitled "A resolution to
provide for the printing of official reports of the
armies of the United States," approved May 19,1864,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
to appoint a competent person to revise, arrange, and
prepare for publication the official documents relat-
ing to the rebellion and the operations of the Army
of the United States, who shall prepare a plan for
said publication and estimates of the cost thereof, to
be submitted to Congress at its next session.
Sue. 3. A nd be it further resolved, That the person
whoseappointmentis hereby authorized shall receive
a compensation for his services not to exceed $2,500
per annum, to be paid monthly by the Secretary of
the Treasury, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated: Provided, That said com-
pensation shall not be paid for a longer period than
two years from and after the passage of this resolu-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third
time and passed.
A. M. JESS.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 145.
The motion was agreed to ;"and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 145) grant-
ing land to A. M. Jess, of Josephine county,
Oregon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
has been read and amended.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
it is about.
Mr. HARRIS. It is a bill for the relief of
a man who had taken up land under the home-
stead law, and by a change in the channel of
a river the land was destroyed, and this is sim-
ply to allow him to relocate it. I move to
amend the bill in line four by striking out the
words "three hundred and twenty." and in-
serting "one hundred and sixty" before the
word "acres."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in, and ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. It was
read the third time and passed.
LAND OFFICE IN IDAHO.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up House
bill No. 249.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (IT. R. No. 249) to establish
a land office in the Territory of Idaho. It pro-
vides that the public lands within the Territory
of Idaho to which the Indian title is or shall be
extinguished shall constitute a new land dis-
trict, to be called the Idaho district, to be located
at Boise City, Ada county; and the President
is authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a register and re-
ceiver of public moneys for the district, who is
to be required to reside at the place at which
the office shall be located, and they are to have
the same powers, perform the same duties, and
be entitled to the same compensation as are or
may be prescribed by law in relation to land
offices of the United States in other Territories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if this is recommended by the Interior Depart-
ment or the General Land Office.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill came to us from,
the House of Representatives, and received the
sanction of the Committee on Public Lands of
the Senate, and was reported without amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has the Land Office
requested it?
Mr. STEWART. In the general report they
recommended- it.
Mr. POMEROY. There has been no special
report on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was recommended?
Mr. STEWART. It was recommended. It
is supposed they have about thirty thousand
inhabitants in that Territory now, and it is
highly important that there should be a land
office there.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there no land office in
that Territcrt-y ?
Mr. STEWART. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. There is not now a land
office in the Territory, and it was thought that
there ought to be one established there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I simply made the in-
quiry for information. I know that in many
instances land offices have been established
where there was no sort of occasion for them,
and we have several that ought to be abol-
ished ; and hence I made the inquiry to know
whether the Department recommended the es-
tablishment of this one. I have no objection
to the bill. I think it very proper under the
circumstances.
Mr. POMEROY. We have been opposed
to the establishment of new land offices, and
propose only to have one in each Territory.
That has been the policy that experience has
"taught us.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed, without amend-
ment, a bill (S. No. 59) to provide for the
revision and consolidation of the statutes of
the United States.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 491) to remove the office of surveyor gen-
eral of the States of Iowa and Wisconsin to
Plattsmouth, Nebraska, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
MASSACHUSETTS MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 106 ; and I should like to have
the report accompanying it read.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 106) to reimburse the
State of Massachusetts for money expended in
the purchase of guns and ammunition, for pro-
curing plans for coast defense and harbor ob-
structions, and for the erection of works of
coast defense, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a direction to the Secretary of War to forth-
with receive from the State of Massachusetts
guns, ammunition, and plans for harbor ob-
structions and coast defense, as set forth in a
memorial and accompanying papers of the
Legislature of Massachusetts to Congress,
dated April 27 and 28, 1866, and to pay the
State therefor, and also for actual expendi-
tures of money in work or materials furnished
upon fortifications or coast defense, as stated
in the memorial and papers, the payments to
be made to the State upon vouchers furnished
to the United States of actual payments made
by the State ; and $475,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, is appropriated to carry
into effect the provisions of this joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator
from Rhode Island to ask for the reading of
