1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3363
the report accompanying this joint resolution.
I should like to hear it, too.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the reading of that report?
Mr. SPJRAGUE. Yes, sir. I desire to have
it read.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Sprague on the 11th instant
from the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia:
The Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
having had under consideration the memorial of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, praying Congress for
reimbursement of money expended upon fortifica-
tions and in the purchase of guns and ammunition,
and for procuring plans for coast defense and harbor
obstructions for the common defense, beg leave to
submit tho following report:
The papers submitted to the committee consist of—
1. A joint memorial of the Senate and llouso of
Representatives of Massachusetts, attested by their
respective clerks, in which are considered the efforts,
at tho outset of the rebellion of rebel agents to engage
this country in a foreign war; the bearing of such
a war upon the contest; where its effects would be
most seriously felt; whose duty it was to create means
for defence: referring to the Secretary of State's
opinion in his letter of October 11, 1801, (which is
mado a part ofthis report,) stating the possibility
of a war, and his recommendations thereupon; the
action of the State in view of this condition of affairs;
and the reasons why Congress should act favorably in
tho matter of rcimbuscments for expenditures mado
in the common dofensc.
2. A message from Governor Alexander H. Bullock
to the House of Representatives of Massachusetts, in
response to a call therefor, accounting for the ex-
penditure of $413,010 28 for coast defenses, and of
$9o,000 subject to warrant for fortifying Provincetown
harbor, of $20,000 to $25,000 required to complete the
purchases in Europe, 89,700 for a telegraph from tho
forts in Boston harbor to the State House; giving rea-
sons for the urgency of the expenditure, and recom-
mending a memorial to Congress for reimbursement.
3. Colonel Harrison Rcelue. appendix marked A,
accounting in detail for $854,316 11 expended under
his direction in Europe and elsewhere.
4. John 11. Head, quartermaster general of Massa-
chusetts, report marked B, of ordnance and ordnance
supplies on hand purchased for const defence.
5. A letter from the Secretary of State, dated Octo-
ber 14,1801, calling Governor Andrew's attention to
the threatened state of our lorcign lelations.
G. Governor Andrew's address to the Legislature
of Massachusetts, marked D. upon the defense of
the coast, and the money expended to January,
I860, under the appropriations of £1,000,000, made by
the Legislature of Ma^achusetts for coast defense,
amounting to $351,3M 11.
Soino of the considerations favoring the views of
the memorialist,'and some that are adverse, appear
to be as/ollows: in the outset of the rebellion rebel
emissaries and rebel sympathizers did nearly succeed
in provoking war between this country and Great
Britain and France. A large number of their inhab-
itants. principally operatives, and others in and con-
nected with their manufactories, were out of employ-
ment and destitute of the necessaries of life. A
severance from the Union of the cotton States would
furnish cotton to Europe at lower prices than other-
wise, and procure an exclusive market for the product
of European manufacturers. A favorable opportu-
nity was presented to check the growing power of the
United States, and stop the further spread of liberal
opinions and republican Governments; tho future
prosperity of France demanding an outlet for her
poor and miserable rural population into the salu-
brious climate and among the 1 ffeminate populations
of Mexico, added to which the frequent defeat of our
arms invited interference, the consequence of which
was war. The press throughout the country corrob-
orated these views, and the Secretary of State con-
firmed them by the following letter that he addressed
to the Governors of States nearest to and most exposed
to attack:
D F P A TIT Ml'. \ T OK ST\TF.
"Washington, Goober )i, 1861.
Sir: Thepresentinsurrection had not even revealed
itself in arms when disloyal citizens hastened to for-
eign countries to invoke their intervention for the
overthrow of the Government and the destruction of
the Federal Union. These agents are known to have
made their appeals to sonic of the more important
States without success. It is not likely, however,
that they will remain content with such refusals.
Indeed,it is understood that tlicy are industriously
endeavoring to accomplish their disloyal purposes
by degrees and by indirection. Taking advantage
of tho embarrassments of agriculture, manufactures,
and commerce in foreign countiies. resulting from
tho insurrection they have inaugurated at home,
they seek to involve our common country in eontro-
veisios with States with which evciy public; interest
and every interest of mankind require that it shall
remain in relations of peace, amitv, and friendship.
I am able to state, for your satisfaction, that the
prospect of any such disturbance is now less serious
than it has been at any previous period during tho
eourseof the insurrection. Itis, nevertheless, neces-
sary now, as it has hitherto been, to take every pre-
caution that, is possible to avert the evils of foreign
war, to be superinduced upon those of civil commo-
tion which we are endeavoring to cure. One of the
most obvious ofsuch precaut ion^ is that our ports and
harbors on the seas and lakes should be in a condition
of complete defense; for any nation maybe said to
voluntarily incur dangci intempestuousscosons when
it fails to show that it has sheltered itself on every
side lrom which the storm might possibly come.
The measures which the Executivo can adopt in
this emergency are such only as Congress has sanc-
tioned, and for which it has provided. The President
is putting forth the most diligent efforts to execute
these measures, and we havo tho groat satisfaction
of seeing that these efforts, seconded by the favor,
aid, and suppoit of a loyal, patriotic, and sclf-sacri-
ficing people, are rapidly bunging the mihtaiy and
naval forces of the United States into the highest
state of efficiency. But Congress was chicflv absorbed,
during its recent extra session, with those measures,
and did not provide as amply as could be wished for
the fortification of our sea and lako coasts. In pre-
vious wars loyal States have applied themselves by
independent and separate activity to support and
aid tho Federal Government in it« arduous responsi-
bilities. The same disposition has been manifested
in a degree eminently honorable by all the loyal
States during tho present insurrection. In view of
this fact, and relying upon the increase and continu-
ance of the same disposition on the part of the loyal
States, the President has directed mo to invite your
consideration to tho subject of t he. importance of per-
fecting tho defenses of tho State over which you pre-
side, and to a*k you to submit tho subject to tho
consideration of tho Legislature when it shall havo
assembled. Such proceedings by tho State would
require only a temporary use of its means. The ex-
penditures ought to be mado the subject of confer-
ence with the Federal Government. Being thus
made, with tho concurrence of the Government, for
general defense, there is every reason to believe that
Congress would sanction what the Slate should do,
and would provide for its reimbursement. Should
these suggestions be accepted, the President will
direct proper agents of the Federal Government to
confer with you, and to superintend, direct, and con-
duct the prosecution of tho system of defense of > our
State.
I havo the honor to be, sir. your obedient servant,
WILLIAM 11. SEWAllD.
llis Excellency John A. Axdrew,
(fovemor of the Stat? of Massachusetts.
The executive department of our Government
availed itself of eveiy occasion to excite the people
and tho States' officials to renewed efforts to recruit
the A1 my and the Navy and to iiil up their respective
quotas. The movement of tho enemy upon the cap-
ital, the defeat of our arms or threatened foreign
complication, was made the occasion for more than
ordinary appeals to greater elloits and sacrifices.
l)uriug this condition ot the public mind, a new
enemy was announced by Mr. Seward's letter; the
States tliatweie most exposed werelirst called upon.
Tho General Government, in exercising its whole
power and every means that the country possessed to
create a navy and to supply Held and siege guns for
army operations, had 110 means at its disposal, nor
were there any 111 the country unemployed, that the
States could availthemselves ol'todovoteto defenses
againsta threatened or real attack from European
Powers, or piiat.ical vessels that had been put afloat
and manned ami were being put afloat ami manned
ostensibly as eonfederatceruNei s, but really as a part
of the aggressive machinery that rebel emissaries
and their colaborei-—the aristocratic and trading
classes and their Government-, in i'lurope—had set on
foot. In the outset the^e Slatesliad responded to all
calls made upon them \\ il bout an iuquu> as to how
tho expenses were to he met. Jn the present call,
Governor Andrew, of Massachusel rs, uuder date
January, 18^, called the attention of tho Legislature
of that State to the real condition of affairs, and ob-
tained then, and subsequently, an appropriation of
$l,000,000for purposes of preparation, aft ei consulting
with differ eat o(1icck> ot the Geneial Government; and
so far as their sanction could operate upon the dis-
bursements of money appropriated by a Slate, they
gave it to tho course firmly adopted by tho author-
ities of .Massachusetts, who elected to procure heavy
guns and ammunition from Emope, to pi ovide plans
for coa^tdefense and haiboi obstruction, and to erect
defenses .it exposed points. This duty w,i-> committed
to two commissions—three of the most distinguished
citizens upon each. The duties of one of the«.o was
to obtain supplies from Fan ope; the olhor to admin-
ister upon home defense*. Thu^guns and plans were
obtained and are now in the custody of Ma^aehu-
setts. The material that was purchased in Europe
by the agents of the State wa> as well puichascd as
if tho duty had been performed by agents of tho
General Government, and though not of the pattern
used in our service, was the best that could be ob-
tained in Europe. The->o the memorialist dc.-aros tho
Government to receive, and 10 pay the sum of their
purchase.
Massachusetts, at the time uf the puichase of this
material, was contributing to tho Government large
supplies of war mateiial. Jf her harbors orcoast had
been successfully attacked these supplies would have
ceased, as well, also, as supplier from the other New
England States, in many of which largo manufacto-
ries were established, or were being established, for
obtaining supplies of guns, ammunition, clothing, &c.
Deprived of these supplies, the contest would prob-
ably have been prolonged, if pioductive of no other
result; and 110 one doubts that in that event the
materials in cjue-tion would have been gladly re-
ceived by the General Government, and would have
been paid for as other material was paid for at the
time.
Time and the ab«ence of open foreign aggressions
enabled the General Government to procure all ne-
cessary war material from establishments that had
been created (during the progress of tho war) in our
own country. This also influenced the State's expend-
itures; instead oi expending the million appropri-
ated, but little more than one third was called for.
In this must bo recognized a prompt compliance with
tho, altered state of affairs, as the State ceascdfurther
action when the United States had means and leisure
to meet its new obligation.
How far tho alarm that had been sounded by the '
Secretary of State and otherwise, and the prompt re-
sponse of the States, had influence in producing: wiser
reflections and conclusions from tho Governments
heretofore referred to, can never be known. Un-
doubtedly to the extent of that influence the States
whoso prompt action in assuming liabilities and in
making expenditures to meet the threatened danger,
should be doubly honored and reimbursed. If it is
considered, as it is contended, that the country es-
caped a foreign war by the merest accident, it is clear
that it would have been a neglect of the plainest duty,
as well as criminal and treasonable, had the States
that were appealed to neglected or refused to have
responded to the call of the Secretary and the general
opinion of the people.
That Massachusetts is contributing moro to tho
income of tho nation than any other State in pro-
portion to her population is not, perhaps, a consid-
eration that bears upon this question; but that the
propoifion ofsuch contributions should be greatly
augmented by requiring her to retain war material
that was purchased for the common defense is a con-
sideration, moro especially as the General Govprn-
nicnt has an indirect control over such material, and
can alone decide as to the uses that it may bo put to,
or how it mav be disposed of.
Tho General Government havo now, of course, no
use for this material. Its officials exercised no direct
authority in its purchase. But it may be reasonable
to contend that reimbursement should be made to tho
State therefor, as the exigencies of tho ease called for
similar action from thoGoncral Government that was
taken by the State.
In the absence also of written instructions or direc-
tion's from the General Government touching tho ex-
penditure, questions might arise adverse to the posi-
tions assumed by the memorialist. In this respect it
is similarly situated to thoso claims that have re-
ceived favorable legislative action, and some that are,
perhaps, less favorably situated.
The committee have obtained information from
heads of Departments and other ofheers of the Gov-
ernment, and ha\e, aftci careful consideration, ar-
rived at the following conclusions:
In the beginning of tho war the new States could
not obtain the necessary funds from their own re-
souices, or dispose of their securities based thereon;
hence their acts were subject to the General Govern-
ment. Massachusetts, 011 the other hand, could read-
ily tin n her sceuuties into money; henco her readi-
ness and promptness at all times to respond to tho
reasonable calls of the Government, and the present
case is an illustration of that condition of facts. Had
the State not taken the initiative, tho General Gov-
ernment would or should have done so.
The Secretary of State was justified in warning tho
States of tho impending danger of foreign aggres-
sions.
Massachusetts, her legislative and exeeuth e offi-
cers, for their prompt response to the warning, is
deserving tho thanks of the nation.
The materials purchased are in soine respect* out
ot tho control of the State and m that of the General
Government, inasmuch as our Constitution and laws
restrain its uses and sale. We think the Government
should have exdusiv e title thereto. Some of the dis-
bursements were made upon 1 lie .solicitation of tho
ofheers of the Government, and otheis with their
cooperation.
All the expenditures as set forth in tho memorial
weie made in the inteicst, on behalf of, and to tho
advantage of the whole nationt They were available
during the war, are now, and will be hereafter, and
they were propeily and honoiaJ)ly made, and should
bo promptly i eimhursed. Therefore the committee
recommend the passage of the accompanying-joint
resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that this joint reso-
lution bo refenod to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONNESS. Why do that?
Mr. GRIMES. Simply because there is not
information enough before us, and there can-
not be until there is a thorough examination
of the claim, to justify us either in voting for
it or in voting against it. It seems to me them
ought to bo an account stated. Besides, as I
understand the report, and as I read the res-
olution, this is only the initiation to another
appropriation that is to be made in the future.
Mr. SPKAGUE. No, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. We appropriate $470,000 at
this time, and I apprehend that is not to be
taken in full discharge of the debt which the
State of Massachusetts claims against the Fed-
, era! Government for what they allege they have
j! paid out in perfecting their coast defenses. ^
J It seems to me that the Committee on Claims
J is the committee to which the case ought to
jj have been referred. It should not have gone to
:] the Committee on Military Affairs. It is a mat-
ter of claim. So far as such cases have been
1 connected with nautical expenses, and have
■ I come to the Senate, we have referred them, in
I! the first instance, to the Committee on Claims j
!■ or if by accident, on the motion of some mem-
'I ber, they goi to the Committee on Naval Af-
