1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
the committee is that it continues this unequal !
and unjust system of taxation. It amounts to ;
nothing, for if kept in the Constitution it will j
never be enforced. It is puerile, it is frivolous
to be talking about direct taxes in connection
with representation. No Congress can ever be
assembled which will impose a direct tax upon
the people of the country which is to be appor-
tioned upon the basis of population instead_ of
property. Nay, more, sir; t>y incorporating
this unequal and unjust rule of taxation in the
Constitution you prevent the imposition of di-
rect taxation, no matter what circumstances,
what necessity may demand it.
I therefore propose to lia^e these two prin-
ciples separated, and in the amendment which
I have tried to submit, and which the chairman
of the committee has deemed it his duty to try
to keep out by moving the previous question, I
disconnect these subjects.
The second proposition in the amendment
which I shall offer is that "direct taxes shall
be apportioned among the severaLStates accord-
ing to the appraised value of taxable property
therein respectively," and that 'J the rule of ap-
praisal and taxation shall be uniform." That
is a principle and a proposition which I believe
will commend itself to the judgment and sense
of justice of this House. And if I am right in
that, the only question remaining is, what shall
be the basis of representation?
The main objection to the proposition reported
by the committee is that it is an attempt to do
indirectly what it is infinitely better to accom-
plish directly. It is always better to do directly
what we desire to have done than to attempt to
accomplish it by circumlocution. The commit-
tee have sought to get at this principle of basing
representation upon those who are deemed wor-
thy to cxercise the right of voting, and exercising
political power in this country, but they have
attempted to arrive at it by a circuitous way.
Many of the objections have been pointed out;
there are doubtless many others.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. SLOAN. I decline to yield for the
present.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think it will not inter-
rupt the gentleman. It is in the line of the
remark he. is now making. I will submit the
question, and he may answer it or not, as he
sees fit.
Mr. SLOAN. I have already spoken much
longer than I intended, and shall be through in
a short time. 1 prefer not to bo interrupted
now. . .
The only argument against the proposition
which I shall offer that I have ever heard,
possessing any weight in my judgment, was
advanced by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] and was conclusively answered by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Coxkxing.]
That argument was, that there might be some
inequality in the representation of the respective
States. We all know that the young men of the
old States go out in large numbers to settle in
the new States and Territories, while the women
and children do not emigrate to so great an ex-
tent, and hence there would be a larger number
of voters in the new States in proportion to pop-
ulation than in the old. And yet this is a con-
sideration which, in my judgment, ought not to
weigh a hair with any member on this floor. It
would be only a temporary inequality. In the
rapidly increasing, settlement and in the natural
increase of population of our new States, that
inequality would very soon be entirely swept
away. 1 believe the difference to-day between
Massachusetts and Wisconsin would be very
slight, if any. so rapid has been the increase of
our population and the settlement of our State.
We are now proposing to adopt an amendment
to the Constitution which we expect to stand lor J
all time, and any temporary inequality which ;
could continue but for a few years ought not to j
have any weight. And when the gentleman from
is conclusive. And I beg gentlemen of this
House, in considering this question, to come
directly up to the true principle. If we are to
amend the Constitution of the United States to
accomplish a certain object, which T think we
all agree in—at least all on this side of the House
—that is, that these States lately in rebellion
shall yield up the political power which they
are now entitled to exercise in this Govern
ment, or shall adopt the republican principle of
enfranchising the people of those States without
regard to race or color; that they shall give
into the hands of the people that political power
which is conferred upon them by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, or shall cease from
exercising it, we must do it in plain, direct,
and absolute terms, by saying that those who
are authorized to vote, who elect Representa-
tives to this House, and they alone, shall con-
stitute the basis of representation. We shall
then have a guarantee against any further re-
strictions which exclude white men from the
elective franchise, and an impelling motive
which will ultimately break down the restric-
tions founded on prejudice of color or race,
which cannot be evaded, or by any device or
ingenuity defeated.
As the gentleman from New York proved
very conclusively yesterday, in the very able
speech which he made, we should adopt the
principle that those who are not fitted by char-
acter and intelligence to exercise political rights
at home, shall not swell the political power of
those who wholly monopolize the exercise of
political rights.
Look at the practical operation of the ques-
tion we are discussing to-day. In the State I
represent there are eight hundred thousand free
white people loyal to the Constitution, who have
done their whole duty in sustaining their Gov-
ernment during this terrible war. The bones
of our soldiers are moldering in the soil of
every rebel State. They have stood around
our flag in the deadly hail of every battle of
the war. The State of Wisconsin has six Rep-
resentatives on this floor. South Carolina has
three hundred thousand white inhabitants, dis-
loyal, who have done all in their power to over-
throw and destroy the Government, and yet, sir,
under the Constitution as it now stands, the
three hundred thousand disloyal white inhabit-
ants of South Carolina will exercise as much
political power in the Government as the eight
hundred thousand loyal people of the State of
Wisconsin.
The question as to whether we shall amend
the Constitution so as to make a loyal man at
least equal to a disloyal one in political rights
and power, is, in my judgment, too plain to
admit of argument. _ _
The same principle lies at the basis oi both
of these propositions. Which shall we adopt?
I ask the House to do it directly, to say that
the basis of representation shall be those to
whom political rights are. given—that highest
privilege of freemen, the right to vote—to those
who help elect the officers who govern this
country.
I have yet heard no argument which seems
to me of any weight against the proposition
which I have advocated, while there are many,
some of them, I think, unanswerable, to^ the
proposition reported by the committee. When
I had the honor of introducing this proposition !
at the commencement ot tlie last session of the ;
Thirty-Eighth Congress, it then met with seem-
ingly very little favor, but now there seems to
he an almor-t entire unanimity on the part of
the members of this House in favor of adopting
this principle. Let us adopt it like men. Ho
not let us have any circumlocution about it.
The object of all is to nanwthe basis of rep-
resentation as the number oi those who exer-
cise political rights in the States is narrowed,
and to widen the basis of representation as the
number of those who are enfranchised is wi-
dened. That is clearly the object of all the
or defeat its practical effect. Then every State
must make its system of elective franchise as
broad as the political power which it desires to
cxercise in the Govcrpnient.
Mr. CHANLEIt. Before proceeding with
my remarks, I will yield the floor for ten min-
utes to my colleague, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise,
of course, to debate this resolution in the few
minutes allowed me by my colleague, nor,, in
my judgment, does the resolution need any dis-
cussion unless it may be for the mere purpose
of agitation. I do not suppose that there is
an honorable gentleman upon the floor of this
House who believes for a moment that any
movement of this character is likely to become
the fundamental law of the land, and these prop-
ositions are, therefore, introduced only for the
purpose of agitation. If the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] had
been quite confident of adopting this amend-
ment he would at. the start have named what
are States of this Union.
The opinion of the honorable gentleman him-
self, that there are no States in this Union but
those that are now represented upon this floor,
I know full well, but he knows as well that the
President of the United States recognizes thirty-
six States of this Union, and that itis necessary
to obtain the consent of three fourths of those
thirty-six States, which number it is not possi-
ble to obtain. He knows very well that if his
amendment should be adopted by the Legisla-
tures of States enough, in his judgment, to carry
it, before it could pass the tribunal of the ex-
ecutive chamber it would be obliged to receive
the assent of twenty-seven States in order to
become an amendment to the Constitution. The
whole resolution, therefore, is for the purpose
of mere agitation. It is an appea.1 from this
House to the outside constituencies that we
know by the name of Buncombe. Here it was
born, and here, after its agitation in the States,
it will die. Hence I asked the gentleman from
Pennsylvania this morning to be consistent in
his proposition. In one thing he is consistent,
and that is in admitting the whole of the Asiatic
immigration, which, by the connection of our
steamers with China and Japan and the East
Indies, is about to pour forth in mighty masses
upon the Pacific coast to the overwhelming even
of the white population there.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman. I said it excluded the Chinese.
Mr. BROOKS. How exclude them, when
the Chinese are to be included in the basis of
representation ?
Mr. STEVENS. I say it excludes them.
Mr. BROOKS. How excludes them?
Mr. STEVENS. They are not included in
the basis of representation.
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, if the States exclude
them from the elective franchise; and the States
of California and Oregon and Nevada are to be
deprived of representation according to their
population upon the floor of this House by the
introduction of this amendment.
I asked him also if the Indian was not a man
and a brother, and I obtained no satisfactory
answer from ,tlie honorable gentl eman. I speak
now, in order to make his resolution consistent,
for no one hundred thousand coolies or wild
savages, but I raise my voice here in behalf of
fifteen million of our countrywomen, the fair-
est, brightest portion of creation, and I ask why
they are not permitted to be represented under
this resolution ?
Mr. CONKLING. They are.
Mr. BROOKS. Persons are.
Mr. CONKLING. I thought they were per-
°Mr. BROOKS. And so they are, but they
are excludedfrom all voting. Why, in organiz-
ing a system of liberality and justice, not recog-
nize in the case of free women as well as free
negroes the right of representation?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow
to say that this bill does not exclude them,
s not say who shall vote.
I s& ss z v&stsxxst 1
^wK[fc™^.] showed by liis table || potions made and the avowed purpose of me ,o «
?f ■*«** that the imWitv is so small that , a who a^ocate them, Mr?'
