1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 16,
sioaers of Central Pacific railroad, appointed by the
Presidentagreeably to act of July 1,1862, and amended
act of July 2,1864, during three examinations of road
before the close of the fiscal year, at $1,050 eaoh ex-
amination, S3,150.
For compensation and mileage of commissioners to
examine portions of railroads reported completed ac-
cording to law, to which grants of land inure, $2,500..
For pay, subsistence, and transportation of survey-
ing party required by act approved July 1, 1862, to
make the surveys to enable the President of the Uni-
ted States to fix thfi point on the one hundredth me-
ridian of longitude between the south margin of the
valley of the Republican river and the north margin
of the valley of the Platte river, at which,the several
branch roads shall convergo and meet the Union
Pacific railroad, $20,000.
For di awing instruments, mapping material, sta-
tionery, &e„ J150.
Cost of completing bridge over Big Sioux, Vermil-
lion, and Dakota rivers, and Government wagon road
from Sioux City, Iowa, to Port Kandall, to Dakota
Territory, $20,000.
For commutation of quarters and fuel to ofheer ol
corps of engineers, United States Army, in charge of
engineer officers, Department of the Interior, agreea-
bly to Army regulations 1st August, 1865, to June 30,
1868, to be paid by the Department_of the Interior
agreeably to Army regulations, $1,137 61.
For contingencies, $3,000.
I will say, in reference to this appropriation,
that it is not all for the Pacific railroad; a very
considerable part of it occurs under another
law. There is an item of $20,000 for the con-
struction of bridges over the Big Sioux and
Vermillion rivers, authorized by an act of Con-
fress for the construction of a military road in
lalcota; and the appropriation coining from
the Interior Department, and being absolutely
necessary, is combined with those required for
the Pacific railroad; and it appears to swell the
whole amount. Another very large item of the
appropriation—both of those together making
the greatest part of it, nearly three fourths of
it—is $20,000 for establishing the one hundredth
meridian between the Platte and Republican
rivers, as provided by the Pacific railroad act.
That was a very expensive service, and has
been performed.
The other items of appropriations have arisen
thus: the acts for the construction of the Pacific
railroad provided for the appointment of com-
missioners to examine the divisions of roads
which should be constructed when constructed,
and to report to the President of the United
States; but although the law provided for their
appointment by the President, and for their re-
port being made to liim, there was no provis-
ion made by law for their payment, cither by
the companies or by the Government. With
considerable experience now on the part of the
Interior Department, they believe that it is even
profitable and proper for the Government to
pay these commissioners, so as to make them
independent of the companies whose roads they
examined, because it will be remembered that
very large amounts of Government subsidy in
bonds and lands at once go to the companies
from the Government of the United States upon
tho report of these commissioners. It is im-
portant, therefore, to keep these commission-
ers within the iniluence and roach and power
of the Government of the United States.
Tho various branches of the Pacific railroad
on the eastern side of the continent gave rise to
a great deal of trouble, both as regards the es-
tablishment of the routes they should take, ques-
tions coining up between (he different compa-
nies, and also i n regard to the quality of the work
performed. The first work performed by some
of the companies—reports being made by com-
missioners appointed by the President, of the
completion of twenty miles of road—was found
to l>e totally insufficient as to the manner of
its construction, and further examination was
necessary to be made that the public interest
might be protected and preserved, under tho
direction of the President of the United States.
Tn this connection it was soon discovered by
the Interior Department, that it was necessary
to give this work the close inspection of that
Department, and the present head of tho De-
partment, soon after coming into office, found
this to be absolutely necessary. The first step
that he took was to ask from tho President the
detail of an Army engineer officer to the Inte-
rior Department who should erect, not a bu-
reau there, but a desk, to which all theso
reports should come, and from which a super-
intending and close vigilance should be exer-
cised until at least the whole work was prop-
erly started. That has been accomplished.
The engineer leaves here this day to join in
-making the sixth examination on this side, the
companies being now vigorously engaged- in
making the railroad and pressing their work
forward with great energy.
The charges that have accrued for all the
work done connected with the Pacific railroad
on both sides of the continent, in California and
here, amount to about $17,000. The two great
items of expenditure, as I before observed,
the one for establishing the one hundredth me-
ridian and the one for the construction under
another law of Congress of bridges over the Big
Sioux and Vermillion rivers, form the main
items of this appropriation. That part of the
appropriation which relates to the Pacific rail-
road is very slight'indccd, as will be observed
by examination. It costs the Governmentvery
little. But I will say in regard to that, that
on examination I found an item amounting to
$1,000 that was not necessary, and it has been
stricken out. The company there was per-
fectly willing to pay the commissioners, and did
pay them for the first two examinations made;
bnt it was found that there was something very
like an attempt by one of the commissioners to
obtain^extra compensation from the company,
and the Interior Department very promptly dis-
placed that commissioner and came to the con-
clusion, from the investigation of that case, that
it was necessary and profitable to fhe Govern-
ment to pay a direct compensation to the com-
missioners. I only say this in behalf of that
end of the line to show that there is no attempt
to obtain money from the Treasury from that
quarter. But a very small portion of this ap-
propriation goes in that direction. I have no
doubt, for I have kept a pretty close eye upon
all the work that has been done in this connec-
tion, that the Interior Department has conferred
a great service upon the country in connection
with the construction of the Pacific railroad
by the close rein it has held upon the compa-
nies by the establishment at the beginning of a
system of organization and by producing com-
plete order, which now exists, out of disorder,
which did exist, -and that it has pursued both
the line of economy and of the strictest public
duty in this connection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to strike Out the introduction to his amendment
because it is unnecessary to say anything about
the Engineer office of the Interior Department.
Mr. CONFESS. I have no objection to that;
and I will say further to the honorable chairman
of the Finance Committee that the last item in
tho amendment is S3,000 for contingencies.
All the other items, it will be seen, are specific
appropriations within which there is no margin;
and it will be for the honorable chairman of
that committee and for the Senate to determine
whether that Department shall be left without a
dollar for contingencies or not. That amount
may bo cut down or allowed to remain or struck
out entirely without affecting, of course, the work
done; but I have the greatest confidence that
there need be no alarm felt with that Depart-
ment, nor with the engineer who is detailed
there lest a misappropriation of ■that small
amount should be made. I have not the slight-
est ; but 1 submit that matter to the chairman.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I find these items in
the original estimate sent to Congress from the
Secretary of the Interior. They were not put
in this bill by the House of Representatives,
and since then they came before the Committee
on Finance, but they came so late that we were
unable to investigate them before reporting the
bill, and therefore deferred them. The engi-
neer was before us and gave explanation of all
the items. Since then they have been reexam-
ined and rewritten by the engineer, finding
some mistakes in the original estimates; an3
at my request the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia has been good enough to give his close
attention to them, and there have been some
other amendments made.
The only question that strikes me is one for
the Senate to decide, and it is a matter upon
which I can have no definite opinion of my own,
so many other gentlemen are better acquainted
with it than I am. The original Pacific railroad
bill, as I understand, made no provision for the
payment of these officers, who are undoubtedly
necessary. I supposed when I first looked at
it that the omission was accidental. I have
since been told, however, that it was, thought
better at the time that these officers to discharge
these duties should be paid by the Government
in order to protect the Government, and not
have them paid by the railroad company. The
Senator knows better than I do whether that
was the view presented at that time.
Mr. CONFESS. I believe it was.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. And I understand from
him that the Secretary of the. Interior is of
opinion that that is a wise provision, and that
they ought to be paid by the Government.
That these estimates are correct, having under-
gone the very thorough revision they have from
so many quarters, I am not prepared to dis-
pute. I presume they are correct; and if
the Government ought to pay these bills, there
being no provision whatever with regard to it,
then this appropriation ought to be made. My
own impression was that the whole expense of
the road ought to be paid by the companies.
The appointment of these commissioners to
ascertain these facts is a necessary part of tho
expense, and I thought the Government should
not be made to bear these contingent expenses
of different kinds; we already see that they
amount to quite a considerable sum.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state in that con-
nection to the honorable Senator that there is
a greater proportion o'f expenditures now than
there will be hereafter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Still I suppose we must
expect to pay something every year while the
road is going on.
Mr. CONNESS. A small sum, no doubt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My own opinion w^
the other way, and I suggested a remedy, and
that was to refuse to issue bonds until these
bills were paid and the Government relieved ;
but I find so many opinions against me of gen-
tlemen whose views I have a respect for with
regard to what would be the safe and finally
the economical course for the Government to
take, that I do not feel disposed to combat the
matter, but to leave it to the Senate to decide
whether it is best to put on these items or
not.
Mr. CONNESS. I will repeat to the Sen-
ator again that so far as the company in Cali-
fornia are concerned they did pay the commis-
sioners, and they are willing to go on and pay
them. They care but little or nothing about
the amount required for that purpose. They
have no wish in the premises. But the Inte-
rior Department, and myself in connection
with them, have discovered that in regard to
that service, the Government would be best
served by a small amount being paid directly
froin the Treasury, and thus making these offi-
cers independent of the company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on concurring in all the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
together, unless some Senator desires a sep-
arate vote on some amendment.
Mr. SP RAGUE. I desire a separate vote
on the amendment striking out the clause after
the ninety-eighth line of the first section for the
survey of the Seekonk river.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire also to have a,
separate vote on the amendment striking out
the proviso in the four hundred and twenty-
second line of the first section in relation to
the purchase of carpets.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will also be excepted, if no other amend-
ments be excepted, the Chair will put, the ques-
