380
THE CON"(3-RESSIOJSFAT, ■ GLOBS. •
January 23,
votes for the negroes. That is its purport, tend-
ency, and meaning: and it punishes those who
"will not give a vote to the negro^ in the south-
ern States of our Union. That is the object of
the' resolution, and the ground upon which it
iS:jyreg«nted to' this House, and to the country.
This is a new era; this' is. an age of progress.
Indians are only Iridiansj but negroes are men
and brothers; and why not, in a resolution like
(Mis; include the fair sex too, and give them the
right to -representation? "Will it be said that
this sex does not claim a right to representa-
tion ? Many members here have petitions from
these fifteen million women, or a large por-
tion of them, for' representation, and for the
right to vote, an equal' right with the stronger
sex, who they say are now depriving them of it.
To show that such is their wish and desire,_ I
will send to the Clerk's desk to be read certain
documents, to which I ask the attention of the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Sl'EVKNS,] for in one of them he will find he is
somewhat interested.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Standard Office, 48 Beekman Street,
New York, January 20,1866.
Dhar Sir: I send you tho inclosed copy of petition
and signatures sent to Thaddkus Stevens lust woek.
I then urged Mr. Stevens, if their committee of fif-
teen could not report favorably to our petition, they
would, at least, not interpose any new barrier against
woman's right to tho ballot,
Mrs. Stanton sent you a petition; I trust yon will
prescntthatatyourearliestconvenience. lhe Dem-
ocrats are now in minority. May they drive the Re-
publicans to do good works—not meroly to hold the
rebel States in check until neftro men shall be guar-
antied their right to avoico in their governments, but
to hold the party to a logical consistency that shall
givo every responsible citizen in every State equal
right to (he ballot. * .
Will you, sir, please send me whatever is said or
dono with our petitions? Will youalsotfivo monamefi
of memborswhom you think would presont petitions
Respectfully yours, SUSAN B. ANTHONY.
Hon. James Brooks.
A PETITION FOR UNIVERSAL SUFFRAGE.
2b the Senate and House of Representatives :
Use uiidorsisned, women of the United States, re-
spectfully iu>k an amendment of tho Constitution that
shall prohibit the several States from disfranchising
any of their citizens on the ground of sex.
In making our demand for suffrage, we would call
your attention to tho fact that wo represent iiftoen
million people—one half the entire population of tho
coun try—intelligent , virtuous, native-born American
citizens; and yet stand outsido the pale of political
recognition.
Tho Constitution classes us as ' froo people," and
counts us whole persons in the basis of representation,
and yet arc we ^ovenicd without our consent, com-
pelled to pay taxes without appeal, and punished for
violations of law without choice ot jiidso or juror.
The experience of all n^es, -the declarations of tho
fathers, the statute laws of our own day. and thofear-
ful revolution through which wo have just, passed, all
provo the uncertain tenure of life, liberty, and prop-
erty so lomf as tho ballot, the only weapon of self-
protection, is not in tho hand of every citizen.
Therefore, as you are now amendiiur the Constitu-
tion, and, in harmony with advancing civilization,
placing new safeguards round the individual rights
of four million emancipated slaves, wo ask that you
extend theriprlit of sutfraco to woman, the only roiiiuin-
inn; class of disfranchised citizens, and thus fulfill your
con.-ditufiomiloblitfation " to guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of government."
As all p.utidl application of republican principles
must, ever breed a complicated legislation as well as
a discontented people, we would pray vour honorable
body, in order to simplify the machine] y of Goveni-
mcnt and insure domestic tranquillity, that you legis-
late hereafter for persons, citizens, tax-payers, and
not for class or caste.
For justice and equality your petitioners will evor
pray.
E. CAPY STANTON,
jVr-m York.
SUSAN B. ANTHONY,
I{oeh'"*tff)\ X'W )'nrh.
ANTOINET L'lJ BROWN liLACKWELL,
Acm York.
LUCY STONE
xtarark, New Jersey.
ERNESTINE I,. ltOSE,
Nrm York.
JOANNAS.MORSE,
48 Lwinaiton street, Tiroolrfyn.
ELIZABETli It. TILTON,
-v.T , street, Brooklyn.
ELLEN M. SQUIISR,
34 ^. Fvlir street, Brooklyn.
MARY FOWLER GILBERT,
2114 HW Nineteenth street. New York.
MARY E. GILBERT,
'I ir<N/ Ninfl^enth street, New York.
MATT Hi GRIFFITH,
New York.
The SPEAKER, The ten minutes of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bkooks] have
expired.
Mr. BROOKS. I will only say that at the
proper time I will move to amend—or if I do
not I would suggest to some gentleman on the
other side to move it—this proposed amend-
ment by inserting the words "or sex" after the
word"c61or," so' that it will read :
Provided, Thatwheneverthe elective franchise shall
he denied or abridged in any State on account of race
or oolor or sex, all persons of such race or color or
set shall be excluded from the basis of representation.
Mr. STEVENS. Is the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] in favor ofthatamendment?
Mr. BROOKS. I am if negroes are permit-
ted to vote.
Mr. STEVENS. That does not answer my
question. Is the gentleman in favor of the
amendment he has indicated?
Mr. BROOKS. I suggested that I would
move it at a convenient time.
Mr. STEVENS. Is the gentleman in favor
of his own amendment?
Mr. BROOKS. I am in favor of my own
color in preference to any other color, and I
prefer the white women of my country to the
negro. [Applause on the floor and in tho gal-
leries promptly checked by the Speaker.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair saw a large
number of persons in the galleries publicly ap-
plauding by clapping their hands. He must,
in conformity with the vote of the members of
this House by which he was placed in the Chair,
endeavor to the full extent of his ability, hoping
to bo supported by the House, but whether sup-
ported or not, to have this body act like a de-
liberative assembly. Applause is as much out
of order as manifestations of disapprobation.
Hissing is not more out of order than the clap-
ping of hands. And if clapping of hands is in-
dulged in by members upon the floor the Chair
will find it far more difficult to repress similar
manifestations iu the galleries. The Chair must
again appeal to gentlemen on this floor to set a
proper example, and he will attempt to enforce
order in the galleries, and persons sitting in the
galleries must respect the decorum of debate.
Mr. CHANLER obtained the floor.
Mr. ORTH. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. CHANLER. I will yield for five minutes.
Mr. ORTH. I desire to offer an amendment.
The SPEA KER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] objects to the offering of
any amendment to this joint resolution.
Mr. ORTH. 1 understand the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] withdraws his objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read, and then the Chair will ask for objections.
Mr. ORTH. Before the amendment is read,
I will premise by saying that it is the same prop-
osition which f had the honor of introducing
at an early stage of this session upon the sub-
ject of amending the Constitution, basing rep-
resentation upon voters. It provides substan-
tially (hat in the amendment we contemplate
passing and referring to the different Slates
representation shall be based upon suffrage
alone.
The amendment now before tho House, re-
ported by the joint committee on reconstruction,
does not now embrace that principle, but does
embrace what to my mind is a most mischievous
principle. And in the lew words which I am
permitted to present at this timeby the courtesy
of the gentleman from Now York [Mr. Cii.vx-
ler] I desire simply to note one of the objec-
tions raised by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaixk,] in which he attempts to draw a dis-
tinction between the State of Massachusetts and
the State of Indiana, which I have the honor
in part to represent on this floor.
My position is that the true principle of repre-
sentation in Congress is that voters alone should
form the basis, and that each voter should have
equal political weight in our Government; that
the voter in Massachusetts should have the
same but no greater power than the voter in
Indiana; and that the voter in Indiana should
have the same power but no greater than the
voter in the State of South Carolina. The
gentleman from Maine, however, states that
.the census tables will show that by the amend-
ment which I desire to offer at this time you
will curtail the representative power of the State
of Massachusetts. And why? Because he has
shown by his figures that although Massachu-
setts has a male population of 529,244, her vot-
ing population is only 175,487, being a per-
centage of twenty-nine, while Indiana, with a
white male population of 093,409, has a voting
population of-280,655, being about forty per
cent. Why is this difference? Is it because our
voting population is so much greater in propor-
tion than the voting population of Massachu-
setts? Not at all. The difference arises from
the fact that the State of Massachusetts lias seen
fit to exclude a portion of her citizens frorn the
ballot-box. Indiana has done the same thing.
Indiana has excluded one class of citizens;
Massachusetts has excluded another class. In-
diana has seen fit, for reasons best known to
herself, to exclude the colored population from
the right of suffrage. Massachusetts, on the con-
trary, has seen fit to exclude from the ballot-box
those of her citizens who cannot read or write.
While we in Indiana are governed by a pre-
judice of color, tlie people of Massachusetts,
I might say, are governed by a prejudice as
regards ignorance. But here is the difference:
under tho amendment that I propose, while In-
diana excludes the black man from the right to
participate in the decisions of the ballot-boxt
she does not ask that the black men shall be
represented on this floor. On tho contrary,
while Massachusetts excludes black and white
persons who cannot read and write, she yet asks
that that population excluded from the ballot
shall have representation on this floor. I re-
gard this as wrong in theory, wrong in princi-
ple, and injurious to the State which I have the
honor to represent, giving to Massachusetts
a power upon this floor of which my State'is
deprived. Why? Because the exclusion which
drives from the ballot-box in Massachusetts a
large portion of her citizens, yet admits them
to representative power on this floor.
1 might carry these,figures further. For in-
stance, while Massachusetts has but eight thou-
sand, not quite nine thousand colored popula-
tion,''Indianahas nearly twelve thousand colored
population ; so that in proportion to the number
of inhabitants, black and white, in our State,
we lose a representative power of neaily four
thousand greater than is lost by tho Slate of
Massachusetts.
Again, the proportion of females varies in
tho different States. This argument has been
adduced here by gentlemen from New Eng-
land. They state that the number of females
in New England is much greater in proportion
to the number of males than it is throughout,
the West. The census tables do not sustain
this position to the extent claimed. In Mas-
sachusetts, for instance, where the female pop-
ulation predominates, the difference between
the male and the female portion of the popu-
lation is only about twenty-seven thousand;
while in Indiana tho male population predomi-
nates to the number of forty-seven thousand.
But if we of the West gain in representation
over New England, it is because the political
power of this Government is rapidly concen-
trating in the valley of the Mississippi, which is
destined soon to become, if it be not already,
the seat of empire.
Again, if Iliad time, I could run through these
census tables and show that the white males
under the age of twenty-one largely predomi-
nate in my State and throughout the W est over
the number of such in Massachusetts and the
other New England States.
The SPEAKER. The five minutes of tho
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Ortii] have
expired.
Mr. ORTII. I thank the gentleman from New
York for his courtesy, and will conclude by
offering my amendment, which is as follows:
Strike out all after the word "that" in tho substi-
tuto, and insert in lion thereof tho following:
Tho following be proposed to tho Legi&latuieo 01
