2404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
and that rebels must be punished; he has ceased
saying anything about these matters, but talks
about their restoration to political power in this
Government. That is the difference between
Andrew Johnson of to-day and the Andrew
Johnson of 1864.
Now, 1 have shown but one phase of the
character and history of Andrew Johnson.
Let us look for a few moments at the other
phase. 'After he came to be the Executive ©f
the nation, he at first almost startled the nation
by his earnest denunciation of the crime of
treason, and his promises in reference to the
certainty of its punishment. But soon his old
associates came around him. They wheedled
him and flattered him and made him believe
that he was a great man, and had more power
than the people of the Republic who had elected
him. They represented to him that all he had
to do was to cut loose from the friends-who
had placed him in power, and accept them as
his counselors, advisers, and friends, and he
has done so. • And now, instead of being the
man entitled to the gratitude, confidence, and
love of the loyal American people, he has only
the support of the late rebels in arms and their
sympathizers and apologists in the North.
The American people have borne a great
deal; they can still bear a great deal. But it
does seem to me that it is hard that we should
be afflicted with the rinderpest, the trichina, the
cholera, and Andrew Johnson, all in the same
year. [Laughter.] Yet, with the blessing of
God, I believe we shall survive all this; and
that we shall exist after the Administration of
Andrew Johnson shall have ended; that we
shall rise superior to it by the power of the loyal
people; that we shall preserve this Government
notwithstanding the mad policy of the Execu-
tive and in spite of his southern friends and
his northern copperhead supporters. 'I believe
that the day will come when the American
people will show to the world that under the
American Constitution treason is a crime and
that traitors will be punished. Bui Andrew
J ohnson will never teach the world that lesson !
Andrew Johnson is a consummate dema-
gogue ; he is one of the most unblushing dema-
gogues that now exist in this country. And I
will prove that by his owu record; by the
record that ho has himself made. He has been
making some speeches recently, and I have
only to refer to them to prove the truth of the
assertion I have made, tie has presented him-
self before the American people in his speech
to the soldiers and sailors, and in his speech
of the 22d of February, if you can call that a
speeeh._ He tells them how much he has done,
what trials he has endured, what privations he
has suffered, what hardships he has undergone,
and how much property he has lost in his
efforts to save the Government and the coun-
try, ''and now," says he, "can you doubt my
loyalty and my intentions and my good will?"
Sir, Andrew Johnson has made no sacrifices
worthy of any mention, and if he has, an ap-
preciative and grateful people would remember
them without his thrusting them in their faces
on every occasion. What has he suffered?
He has not suffered so much as the humblest
private that fought in our armies during the
rebellion. The humblest private that fought
at Gettysburg or in the Wilderness is entitled
to more credit than is Andrew Johnson for
what he has done. Has Andrew Johnson ever
fought the enemy in battle? No, sir. Hashe
ever made an effort to find the enemy on the
tented field? Never. Has he ever even
sraelled gunpowder? Has he ever camped on
the frozen ground? Has he ever stood guard
in the stormy and dreary nights numbed with
the frosts of winter? Has he ever suffered any
of the privations common to the soldier, or
endured any of the hardships of campaign life?
No, never; not even an hour!
What lias Andrew Johnson suffered? He
suffered being United States Senator in 1861;
he has suffered being military governor of Ten-
iieasee, snugly ensci meed in a mansion at Nash-
viiie, with a brigadier general's straps on his
shoulders, and feasted and toasted, with senti-
nels pacing before his door while he was se-
curely and quietly sleeping through the watches
of the night, while others braved the dangers he
never met!
And will the American people allow him to
impose his infamous policy of " restoration "
upon them because he claims to have suffered
so much? No, sir, not even if his pretended
sufferings were real. Andrew Johnson has suf-
ered nothing worthy of remark. I will allow
myself to be interrupted by any gentleman who
can tell me what Andrew Johnson has suffered,
unless it be that he has suffered the pangs of an
uneasy conscience for his perfidy to the princi-
ples of the Union party. That kind of suffer-
ing would be good for him, and I hope he may
have plenty of it. There is certainly plenty of
cause and I trust it may have a good effect.
Andrew Johnson, as I was remarking, is a
demagogue. In 1862, when he was in Nash-
ville, he told the colored people that he, An-
drew Johnson, military governor of Tennessee,
was going to be their Moses and lead them out
of the bondage of Egypt into the Canaan of
liberty. He made a mistake, to say nothing
more. Instead of being their Moses he has
been their Pharaoh. And if I am not greatly
mistaken this modern Pharaoh and his present
admirers will be swallowed up and overwhelmed
in the sea of popular indignation which is rising
in the loyal States. Why, sir, Andrew John-
son had at one time words of cheer to the
freedmen, to the negroes, who had suffered
more than he ever did for the preservation of
this country. Sir, of the two hundred thou-
sand negro troops who volunteered under our
flag and shouldered their'muskets to do what
they could for the unity .of this Government
and for their own liberties, there is not one of
that sable host who is not more entitled to
credit from the American people for what he
suffered and endured than Andrew Johnson,
yet he is continually reminding the people of
the groat sufferings and hardships he has en-
dured. In his address to the negroes in this
city the other day he made this modest state-
ment in reference to the abolishment of slavery
by the constitutional amendment:
"I feel, and know it to be so, that my efforts have
contributed as much, if not more, in accomplishing
this great national guarantee than tho&o of any other
living man in the United States."
Oh, sir, he had kind and cheering words for
those men who marched, with the utterances
of his lips still ringing in their ears, to Fort
Pillow, where they were massacred, and to
Port Hudson, where they fought and fell hero-
ically. And, sir, upon the other battle-fields
of this war the words of Andrew Johnson en-
couraged and cheered them to heroic deeds.
But he has no such words for them now. We
have had an illustration of that fact in his late
speech to the negroes in this city when the/
were celebrating the anniversary of their eman-
cipation.
In that speech, which I will not quote at
length, but merely state its substance, he said
to those negroes that he thanked them for this
token of respect to him; that they had taken
the pains to come through the presidential
grounds and stop at the Executive Mansion and
pay their personal respects to him. He did
not repeat the declaration that he was going to
be their Moses and lead them through the wil-
derness to the land of liberty. He did not tell
tliem that he was going to stand by any of the
pledges of the Government that they should be
protected in their liberty in the States where
they may live. No, sir; he made no such
declaration; it would have been useless. His
veto messages of the Freedmen's Bureau bill
and the civil rights bill, the very measures of
this Congress calculated to insure that protec-
tion, would have been witnesses against him.
In his letter to Governor Sharkey of August
15, 1865, he said:
"If you could extend the elective franchise to all
persons of color who can read the Constitution of the
United States in English, and write their names, and
to all persons of color who own real estate valued at
not less than $250, and pay taxes thereon, you would
completely disarm the adversary, and set an example
the othear States will follow. This you can do with i
perfectsafety, and you thus place the southern States,
in reference to free persons of color, upon the same
.basis with the free States."
This was encouraging to the poor souls who
had worn the galling chains of bondage all
their weary lives. But we hear nothing of
this kind in his late speech.
In this speech he simply tells them, as he
has often said before',' what he has suffered and
what he has don'e, and begs them to take upon
credit the assertion that he will turn out some
day to be their best friend.' Well, sir, I do
not believe in those who are friends on credit.
I like a man who is a friend at the time when
you need him; and if there ever was, in the
history of this Government, a time when the
loyal black people of this country—and they
are all loyal—needed a friend it is now, when
the South, being relieved from the military
power of the Government, will seek to again
enslave them, not perhaps by a sale on the auc-
tion-block as in the olden time, but by vagrant
laws and other laws and regulations concern-
ing the freedmen, which subject them to a sur-
veillance, and will eventually subject them to
a servitude little less degrading and no less
galling than the old chains of slavery which
they wore so long. Here is what the "re-
stored" State of Mississippi has done already
in this regard:
"1. 'An act to regulate the relation of master and
apprentice, as relates to freedmen, freed negroes, and
mulattoes.'
"2. 'An act to amend the vagrant laws of the
State.'
"3. 'An act to punish certain offenses therein named,
and for other purposes.'
"In the third act, section four is as follows:
" 'Be it further enacted. That all the penal and crim-
inal laws now in forco in this State, defining offenses
and describing the modes of punishment for crimes
and misdemeanors committed by slaves, free negroes,
or mulattoes, be, and the same are hereby, reen-
acted and declared to be in full force anu effect
against freedmen, free negroes, and mulattoes, except
so far as the mode and manner of trial and punish-
ment have been changed or altered by law.'
"Some of the 'penal and criminal laws' which
have been reenacted for the freedmen are as follows:
"Articlefifty-eight, section eleven, page 248, Revised
Code, makes it punishable with death for a negro to
murder, commit rape, burn houses, commit robbery,
or attempt to commit such crimes. White persons are
not punishable with death for most of the offenses
mentioned in this section, nor for the attempt to com-
mit any one of them.
"Article forty-five, of the above named act, page
245, provides that a slave shall receive twenty lashes
if he be found away from the place of his employ-
ment without a pass. This is reenacted for freed-
men.
"Article forty-six, page 246, awards thirty-nine
lashes to the slave for buying or selling without
written permission. Reenacted for the freedmen.
"Article four hundred and seventy-six, page 24,
allows civil officers, and others to appropriate to
their own use any article a slave may be seeking to
sell. Reenacted for the freedmen.
"Article fifty-one, page 247, makes it punishable
for negroes to congregate at night, or hold schools,
&c. Reenacted as above.
" Article sixty-three, page 249. Both ears are to be
cut off for false witness. (Nowhite ears to be served
so.) Seenacted as above."
Here you have a fair sample of the legisla-
tion of a State which has "accepted the situ-
ation." Is such a State fit to be represented
now in Congress ? Let the loyal people an-
swer !
Sir, the laws' which have been passed by the
southern States in reference to the freedmen
are of the most degrading and oppressive char-
acter. I have given one sample ; let that do
for all; I have no time to present any more to
the House. Many of those States have reen-
acted, it may be said, their old code of slave
laws, simply striking out the word "slaves"
and inserting the words " freedmen,"" persons
of color," ''mulatto," &c., and giving them
no more rights than if they were still chattels.
So it would be in every single southern State,
unless by the strong arm of this Government
you protect the black man who aided in the
preservation of your liberties, who aided in the
preservation of the Republic, and the preser-
vation of that Constitution which is now being
sought to be used as an instrument for their
oppression by the Executive of the United
States!
He tells us that the passage of thesje laws
for their protection wag unconstitutional.
