1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3365
The next amendment was to insert " addi-
tional salaries of" before ''officers," in line
thirty-one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. As the section has now
been amended I do not see that any salary is
fixed for these officers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The salaries of the
officers of these several grades are now fixed
by law.
Mr. POMEROY. Then it is all right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to add at the
end of this section the following:
And this section shall take effect from and after
the 30th day of June, 1866.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next two sections,
to which the Committee on Finance reported
no amendment, as follows:
Sec. [05] 60. And be it further enacted. That, all offi-
cial communications made by assessors to collectors,
assessors to assessors, or by collectors to collectors,
or by collectors to assessors, or by assessors to as-
sistant assessors, or by assistant assessors to assess-
ors, or by collcccors to their deputies, or by deputy
collcctors to collector.--, may bo officially fr.mlud by
the writers thereof, and shall, when so franked, be
transmitted by mail free of postage.
Sec. [06] 07. And be itfiu ther cmtctcd, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to appoint
an officer in his Department who shall be styled "spe-
cial commissioner ol the revenue," whose ofiieoshall
terminate in four yeais fiom the passage of this act.
It shall bo the duly of the special commissioner of
the revenue to inquire into all the sources of na-
tional revenue, and the best methods of collecting
the revenue; the rolationsof foreign trade todomes-
' tic industry; the mutual adjustment of thosy.-tems
ol taxation by customs and excise, with tho view of
insuring the requisite revenue with the leastdi-tin b-
ancc or inconvcnicnce to the progress of industry and
the developmcntof the resources oi the countiy; and
to inquire from time to time, under the dn eclion of
tho Secretary of the Treasury, into the manner in
which officers charged with the administration and
collection of the revenues pcrlorm their duties. And
thesaid special commissioner of the ic\enue shall
from tune to time report, through the Scrctaiv of
the TreaMU y, to Congress, either in the foimof a bill
or othei wsc, Mich modifications of the rates ot taxa-
tionorot the methods of collecting the revenues, and
such other facts pertaining to the trade, industry,
commerce, or taxation of the country, as he mav find,
by actual observation of the operation of the law, to
be conducive to the public interest; and, in order to
enable the spccial commissioner of the revenue to
piopcily conduct his investigations, he is hereby em-
powered to examine the books, papers and accounts
of any officer of the revenue, to administer oaths,
examine and summon witnesses, and take testimony;
and each and every such person falsely swearing or
affirming shall be subject to tiie penalties and disa-
bilities prescribed by law for the punishment of < m-
rupt and willful peijury: and all officers of the Go\ -
eminent are hereby requiied to extend to thesaid
commissioner all reasonable facilities for the collec-
tion of information peitment to the duties ol his
officc. And the said special commissioner shall be
paid an annual salary of $4,000, and the traveling
expenses ncces^irily incurred while in the discharge
of his duty; and all letters and document* to and
from tho special commissioner relating to the duties
and business ol his office shall be transmitted bv mail
free ol postage. And section nineteen ol an act enti-
tled "An act to amend an aet entitled'.\j! art to
provide internal revenue to support the (government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses,'approved June SO, I'SfH," approved Maich 3,
1805, be, and the same i« heieby, repealed.
The Committee on Finance proposed lo strike
out sections sixty-seven, sixty-eight, and sixty-
nine of the House bill, in these words:
Src. 07. And be itfiuther enartnd, That in any ease,
civil or criminal, where suit or prosecution shall be
commenced in any court of any State aganist any
officer of the United States, appointed under or act-
ing by authority of tho act entitled "An act to pro
vido internal revenue to suppoit the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," passed June 3D, 1804, or of any act in addition
thereto, or against anv person acting under or by au-
thority of any such officer on account of anj act done
under color of his officc, or against any person hold-
ing property or estate by title derived from any such
officer,concerning such property or estate and affect-
ing tne validity of this act, it shall be lawful for the
defendant in such suit or prosecution at any time
before trial, upon a petition to the circuit court of
the United States in and for the district in which
the defendant shall have been served with process,
setting forth the nature of said suit or prosecution,
and vciifying the said petition by affidavit, together
with a certificate, signed by an attorney or counselor
at law of some court of record of the State in which
such suit shall have been commenced, or of the Uni-
" ted States, setting forth that, as counsel for the pe-
titioner, he has examined the proceedings against
him, and carefully inquired into all the matters set
forth in tho petition, and that he believes the same
to be true; which petition, affidavit, and certificate
shall be presented to the said circuit court if in ses-
sion, and if not, to the clerk thereof, at hia office, and
shall be filed in said office, and tho cause shall there-
upon bo entered on thodocketof said court, and shall
be thereafter proceeded in as a cause originally com-
menced in that court; and it shall bo tho duty of tho
clerk of said court, if tho suit were commenced in the
court below by summons, to issue a writ of certiorari
to the State court, requiring said court to send to the
said circuit court the record and proceedings in said
cause; or if it were commenced by capias, he shall
issue a writ ot habena corpus cum cauia, a duplicate
of which said wiit shall bo delivered to the cleik of
the State court, or left at his office, by tho marshal of
the district, or his deputy, or some person duly author-
ized thereto; and thereupon it shall be the duty of the
said State court to stay all further proceedings in such
cause, and the said suit or prosecution, upon delivery
of such process, or leaving the same as aforesaid, shall
be deemed and taken to bo moved to the said eiicuit
court, and any further proceedings, trial, or judgment
therein in tho State court shall be wholly null and
>oid. And if tho defendant in any such suit bo in
actual custody on mesne process thereiu, it shall bo
the duty of tho marshal, by virtue of the wiit of ha-
bean corpus cum cnuno, to take the body ot the defend-
ant into his custody, to be dealt with in thesaid cause
according to the rules of la w and the order of the eii-
cuit court, or of any judge thereof in vacation. All
attachments made, and all bail and other security
given, upon such Miitor prosecution shall be and con-
tinue in like force and effect a^ it the same tint or
prosecution hail proceeded to final Judgment and ex-
ecution in the State court; and if. upon tho removal .
of any such suitor prosecution, it shall bo made to
appear to the said circuit court that no copy of the
reeoid and proceedings- therein m the State eoui t can
be obtained, it shall bo lawful for said circuit court
to allow and l equire the plaintiff to proceed dc novo,
and to file a declaration ot his cause ot action, and
the parties may thereupon proceed as in action ori-
ginally broughtinsaid circuit court; and, on failure
of so proceeding, judgment of nolle prosequi may bo
lendercd against the plaintiff, with costs for the de-
fendant- Pr<ivido/(, Thatan :ict entitled "An aet fur-
ther to provide for the collection of duties on im-
pel ts," passe,! March Km, shall not he so construed
as to a]> ply to cases arisiuir under an act cut i tied "An
act to provide int ei nal revenue to support the Go\ -
eminent, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
othfi _ purpom^," jcisvrd J unc ;>o, iSfi f, or any act in
addition i hereto or i n amendment I Ihm oof, nor to any
ca^e m which the \ahdity or inteipieiation of said
act or act.- shall be in is>ue.
Sne. os. Am! be it fiti/In r runrfed. That the fiftieth
section of an act passed June :$0, ISO!, entitled " An
act to provide internal ie\ cnue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pa\ mleiesL on tho public debt, and for
othorpurposos," i* hereby repealed : Provided, That
an> case which may have been removed fiom the
courts of anv State under said fiftieth section to tho
eoui ts of thel'iuted States f-hall be remanded to the
State couit from which it was so removed, with all
the records relating to such cases, unless the justice
of the eiicuit couit of the United States in which
such suit or prosecution h pendinff shall be of opin-
ion that said case would be removable from thocouit
ot thcStateto the circuit com t under and bv virtue
of the sixty-sixth mm lion of this aet. And in all
cases which may ha\e been lemovcd front any couit
ol any State under and by vnlue of said fifneth sec-
tion of said a i t ol June.'50, ISiH, all attachments
made, and all hail or other security given upon such
suit or i*tosccntion, shal 1 bo and contiiiu'1 in lull foiee
and effect until final.uidgin en t and execution, wli el her
such f-uit shall be pi o'-ecuted to final judgment m the
cuemt court of tho United States or lenmndcd to tho
State com t from which it was removed.
Skc. 00. And be it .further enacted, That whenever
a writ of error shall be js>ued for the revision of any
judgment or decree in any criminal proceeding where
is drawn in question the conjunction of any {statute
of the United States, in a court of any Srate, as is
provided in the twenty-fifth section ot an act entitled
" An act to establish the judicial courts of the United
States." passed September the defendant,
ifeharired with an offense bailable by the laws of
such State, shall not bo released from custodv mil il a
final judgment upon such wiit, or until a bond, w ith
sufficient sureties, in a reasonable sum, as ordered
and approved by the Stat e court, shall be given; and
if the offcn«e is not so bailable, until a final judg-
ment upon the writ of cnor. Wnt^ of ci ror in ci iia-
inal case« shall have pi eccdence upon the docket of
the Supreme Court of all cases fo which the Govern-
ment of tho United States is not a party, excepting
only Mich e{i«-c=? ^ the court, at their disciction, may
decide to be ol public importance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sfc. [7<>j OS. And be if further enacted. That this act
shall take effect, where not otherwise provided, on
the 1st day of July, l'-.00, and all provisions of any
former act inconsistent with tho provir-ions of this
act are hci ebv repealed : Provided, hovev-r, That no
duty imposed by any previous act, which has become
due or of which retui n has been oi ought u> bo made,
shall be remitted or released by this act, but the«auie
shall be assessed, collected, and paid, and ail fmes and
penalties heretofore incurred shall be enforced and
collected, and all offenses heretofore committed shall
be punished, as if this act had not been passed; and
the Commissioner of Internal ]le\onue, under the
direction of the Seeretai y of i he Ticamry, is author-
ized to make all necessary regulation? and proscribe
all necessaiy forms and proceedings for the collection
of such taxes and the cnforcemen" oi such fines and
penalties for the execution of the provisions of this
act. *
The Committee on Finance proposed to
strike out the proviso to this section, and in
lieu of it to insert:
Provided, however, That all tho provisions of said
acts shall bo in force for collecting all taxes, duties,
and licenses properly assessed or liabioto be assessed*
or accruing under the provisions of acts, the right to
which has already accrued or which may hereafter
accruo under said acts, and for maintaining and con-
tinuing liens, fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurrod
under and by virtue thereof, and for carrying out and
completing all proceedings which have been already
commenced or that may be commenced, to enforce
such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, or ciiimnal pro- '
ceedings under said acts, and for the punishment of
crimes of which any party shall be or has been found
guilty: And provided further, That whenever tlio
duty imposed by any existing law shall ceaso in con-
sequence of any limitation therein contained before
tho respective provisions of this act shall take effect,
the same duty#hall be and is hereby continued until
such provisions of this net shall take effect; and where
any act is hereby repealed no duty imposed thereby
shall bo held to cease, in conscqucnccof such repeal,
until tho respective corresponding provisions of this
act shall take effect: And provided further, That all
man nfaeturcsand productions on which a duty wasim-
poM-d by eithci of the acts repealed by this act, which
shall bo in the possession of the manufacturer orpto-
dueer or of his atrent or agents on the day when this act
lakes effect, the duty imposed b> any such former act
iv>t having been paid, shall be held and deemed to
have been manufactured or produced after such date;
and whenever by t he terms of this act a duty is imposed
unon any articles, goods, wares, or merchandise man-
uiact urod or produced, upon which no dutv was im-
posed by cither of said former act.s, it shall apply to
such as were manufactured or produced, and not re-
moved from the place of manufacture or production,
on the day when this act takes effect; and the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction
of the Sccietary of the Treasury, is authorized to
make all necessary regulations and prescribe all ne-
cessary forms and proceedings for the collcction of
such taxes and tho enforcement of such fines and
penalties for the execution of the provisions of this
act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In tho third line of the
section 1 move to strike out the word "July"
and to insert "August."
The amendment was agreed fo.
The Secretary read the next and last section
of the hill, as follows :
Skc. [71 j 00. And be il further enacted, That it shall
be the duly of the Commissioner of infernal Rev-
enue to have this act, and the acts to which it is
amendatory, published in at least ono German news-
paper in each of tho Slates of tho Union where such
paper may bo published.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are some amend-
ment that 1 wish Jo surest. One of them is
on page lf"W, in line twenty-three hundred and
thirty four of section nine, to strike out the
proviso, which extends to line twenty-three
hundred and forty on the next page. It is
found that although the rule is well in ono
part of the country it does not work in another.
The words proposed to bo stricken out were
read, as follows:
Provided, That in all cases in which such ware
shall be delivered to agents or peddlers employed by
the manufacturer for tho disposal of the same, such
ware so delivered shall be deemed to have been sold
at the time of deli very, and the tax to be paid thereon
shall be computed upon the value known to tho trade
as the live-pound rate or price for fm-ware.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page ICS, in line
twenty-four hundred and fifty of section nine,
I move to strike out *k ready-made*' before
"clothing," so that the clause will read:
On clothing, gloves, mittens, moccasins, caps, felt
hats, and other articles of dre>s for the wear of men,
women, and children, not otherwise assessed and
taxed, a tax of two per cent. <td oaloi em.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSLvDEN. J propose on the same
page, after line twenty-four hundred and thirty-
nine, in relation to the tax on f'ius, to add the
following proviso :
Provided, That on all articles made of fur, tho
retail price of which shall not exceed twenty dollars,
a tax of two per cent, only shall be paid.
The amendment wac agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN". On page 11*, in line
twenty-six hundred and ninety-five of section
nine, the amendment there by the committee
inserting "this act" in place of tho words
''the act to which this is an amendment" was
not concurred in. On examining the matter
I think it must be considered as the previous
act, inasmuch as it is simply amending that
