3366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
act. I move, therefore, to reconsider the vote
by which that amendment was rejected, so that
it may be agreed to.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend by
striking out on pages 135 and 136, from line
thirty-one hundred and twenty-seven of section
nine down to and including line thirty-one hun-
dred and thirty-five, and inserting instead of
those words what I send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
That section one hundred and twenty be amended
by striking outtho proviso to said section and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: Provided. That the
tax upon the dividends of life insurance companies
shall notbedeemed due until such dividendsarepay-
able; nor shall the portion of premiums returned by
mutual life insurance companies to their policy-hold-
ers, nor the annual or semi-annual interest allowed
or paid to tho depositors in savings banks or savings
institutions, be considered as dividends.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
That section one hundred and twenty be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that thorc shall
be levied and colleetcd a duty of five per cent, on all
dividends in scrip or money thereafter declared duo;
and whenever the same shall bo payable to stock-
holders, policy-holders, or depositors as a part of the
earnings, income, or gains of any bank, trust com-
pany, savings institution, and of any lire, marine,
life, inland insurance company, either stock or mu-
tual, under whatever name or style known or called,
in the United States or Territories, whether specially
incorporated or existing under general laws, and on
all undistributed sums, or sums made or added during
the year to their surplus or contingent funds; and
said banks, trust companies, savings institutions, and
insurance companies shall pay the said tax, and are
hereby authorized to deduct and withhold from all
payments made on account of any dividends or sums
of money that may be due and payable as aforesaid,
tho said tax of five per cent. And a list or return
shall be made and rendered to the assessor, or assist-
ant assessor, on or before the 10th day of the month
following that in which any dividends or sums of
money bccorne due or payable as aforesaid; and said
list or return shall contain a true and faithful account
of tho amount of the taxes as aforesaid, and there
shall be annexed thereto a declaration of the presi-
dent, cashier, or treasurer of the bank, trust com-
pany, savings institution, or insuranco company,
under oath or affirmation, in form and manner as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, that the same contains a true and faithful
account of the taxes as aforesaid. And for any default
in tho making or altering of such list or return, with
such declaration annexed, the bank, trust company,
savings institution, or insurance company making
such default shall forfeit, as a penalty, the sum of
$1,000, and in case of any default in making or ren-
dering said list or return, or of any default in the pay-
ment of the tax as required, or any part thereof, the
assessment and collection of the tax and penalty shall
be in accordance with the general provisions of law
in other cases of neglcct and refusal: Provided, That
the tax upon the dividends of life insurance com-
panies shall not be deemed duo until such dividends
are payable, nor shall the portion of premiums re-
turned by mutual lifo insurance companies to their
policy-holders, nor the annual or semi-annual in-
terest allowed and paid to the depositors in savings
banks or savings institutions bo considered as divi-
dends.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In what part of the bill
is that ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a change made
necessary by changing the mode of payment.
It is on pages 135 and 136 with reference to
the payment of dividends of life insurance
companies, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer the following to
come in immediately after the amendment:
That section ono hundred and twenty-two be
amended by striking out all aftertheenactingcJause
and inserting in lieu theroofthe following: that any
railroad, canal, turnpike, canal navigation, or slack-
water company, indebted for any money for which
bonds or other evidences of indebtedness have been
issued, payable in one or more years afterdate, upon
which interest is stipulated to be paid, or coupons
representing the interest, or any such company that
may have declared any dividend in scrip or money
due or payable to its stockholders, as part of the
earnings, profit, income, or gains of such company,
and nil profits of such company carried to the account
of any fund, or used for construction, shall bcsubject
to and pay a tax of five per cent, on the amount of
all such interest, or coupons, dividends, or profits,
•whenever the same shall be payable: and said com-
panies are hereby authorized to deduct and withhold
from all payments on account of any interestor cou-
pons and dividends due and payable as aforesaid the
tax of five per cent.; and the payment of the amount
of said tax so deducted from tne interestor coupons or
dividends, apd certified, by the president or treasurer
of said company, feh'all discharge said company from
that amount of the dividend or interest or coupon on
the bonds or other evidences of their indebtednessso
held by any person or party whatever, except where
said companies may have contracted otherwise. And
a list or return shall be made and rendered to the
assessor or assistant assessor on or before the 10th
day of the month following that in which said inter-,
est, coupons, or dividends become due and payable,
and as often as every six months; and said list or
return shall contain a true and faithful account of
the amount of the tax; and there shall be annexed
thereto a declaration of the president or treasurer of
the company, under oath or affirmation, in form and
manner as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, that tho same contains a true
and faithful account of said tax. And for any default
in making or rendering such list or return, with the
declaration annexed, or in the payment of the tax
as aforesaid, the company making such default shall
forfeit as a penalty the sum of $1,000; and in case of
any default in making or rendering said list or return,
or in the payment of the tax or any part thereof as
aforesaid, the assessment and the collection of the
tax and tho penalty shall be made according to the
provisions of law in other cases of neglect or refusal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 148 I move
the following amendment, to come in after line
twenty-four hundred and forty-one of section
nine:
And provided further, That in all cases where the
party has not affixed the stamp required by law upon
any instrument made, signed, or issued atatimo when
and at a place where no collection district was estab-
lished, it shall be lawful for him or them or any party
having an interest therein, to affix the proper stamp
thereto, or, if the original be lost, to a copy thereof;
and the instrument or copy to which tho proper stamp
has been thus affixed before the 1st day of January,
1867, and the record thereof shall be as valid to all
intents and purposes as if stamped by the collector
in the manner hereinbefore provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert the
following proviso at the end of line thirty-four
hundred and ninety-five of section nine, on
page 150:
Provided. That when such imported articlos(except
lucifer or friction matches, cigar-lights, and wax-
tapers,) shall be sold in the original and unbroken
package in which the bottlesorotherinclosureswere
packed by the manufacturer, the person so selling
said articles shall not be subject to any penalty on
account of tho want of the proper stamp.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An amendment was
made on page 64, striking out in lines thirteen
hundred and fifty-six, thirteen hundred and
fifty-seven, thirteen hundred and fifty-eight,
and thirteen hundred and fifty-nine these words:
All steamers and vessels upon waters of the United
States on board of which passengers or travelers are
provided with food or lodgings shall be subject to and
required to pay twenty-five dollars.
And inserting in lieu of them :
All steamers andother vessels engaged in thebusi-
ness of carrying passengers and providing them with
food or lodging, and the gross receipts of which are
taxable under section one hundred and three of this
act, shall pay twenty-five dollars.
I move to reconsider the vote adopting that
amendment. The committee think it proper
that the clause should remain as it was origi-
nally.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to j
and the question recurring on the amendment,
it was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 104 I move to
insert a paragraph between lines twenty-three
hundred and sixty and twenty-three hundred
and sixty-one of section nine to conform to an
amendment made to the free list:
On steel made directly from muck-bar, blooms,
slabs, or loops, a tax of three dollars per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 126 I move to
strike out the word "such" before "return,"
at the beginning of line twenty-eight hundred
and eighty-five of section nine, and also to
strike out the words "as aforesaid" in the
same line.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mi-.Pomeroy
in the chair.) These corrections will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 141, in lines
thirty-two hundred and sixty-nine and thirty-
two hundred and seventy of section nine, I
move to strike out the words " under this act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, no objection being inter-
posed. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oij page 147, in lines
thirty-four hundred and eighteen and thirty-
four hundred and nineteen of section nine, I
move to strike out the words " real estate rec-
ords in the proper town or county," and to
insert in lieu of them "any records in which
such original is required to be recorded."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 151, in line
thirty-five hundred and twenty-nine of section
nine, the word "such" should be "each."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatcorrec
tion will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 159, in lines
twenty-eight and twenty-nine of section ten,
the words " for all the purposes of the act of
which this is an amendment}' should be stricken
out. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 215, in line
twenty-five of section forty-six, the words " or
any other" should be "and any."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 216, in line
twelve of section [forty-eight] forty-seven, the
word "at" should be stricken out and the
words "orremoved from" inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That alter-
ation will be made, there being no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 220, I move
to strike out all after the word " year" in line
sixteen of section [fifty-three] fifty-two, down
to and including the word "jurisdiction," in
line twenty-eight, on page 221. The matter is
provided for in another place.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows:
And said liquors, utensils, and apparatus may be
seized by the collector or deputy collector ot the
proper district, or by such other collector or deputy
collector as maybe specially authorized by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue for that purpose, and
held by any collector or deputy collector until a deci-
sion shall be had thereon according to law: Provided,
That proceedings to enforce said forfeiture shall be
commenced by such collector within twenty days after
the seizure thereof. And such proceedings shall bo
in the nature of a proceeding in rem, or in any proper
form of action, in the circuit or district court of the
United States for the district where such seizure is
made, or in any other courtof competent jurisdiction.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 224, in line
twenty-four of section [fifty-six] fifty-five, I
move to strike out the words "the term of"
and to insert "not less than one nor more
than," so as to read, "be imprisoned not less
than one nor more than five years."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 34, in line
five hundred and ninety-five of section nine, I
move to strike out the words "or otherwise."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 235, in line
five of section [sixty-six] sixty-seven, I move
to strike out the words "passage of this act"
and insert "30th day of June, I860."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are some other
verbal amendments that I may wish to make
to the bill, but as I desire to look over them I
will suspend here and let other gentlemen who
have amendments to propose offer them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. At the end of line twenty-
nine hundred and thirty-nine, on page 128, T
move to insert the following amendment:
But this tax shall not be assessed upon, or collected
from, any such converted bank or converted banking
association whose total average circulation, including
State bank notes as well as national currency, shall
not exceed the amount of circulation allowed by the
act to provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe that is right.
I have looked at it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not understand ifc? and
I should like to have an explanation.
Mr. EDM [JNDS. I have shown it to all the
gentlemen of the committee, and it was satis-
factory to them.
Mr. GRIMES. It may be satisfactory to
some gentlemen,; but I have got to vote on it
one way or the other, and I. do not understand it
