2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
prepared to welcome the rebel States into your
Congress now ?
God forbid that that dayshould come, Ihe
loyal people of this country have suffered too
much to endure that humiliation and disgrace.
I appeal not to Andrew Johnson, because I
feel that it would be appealing in vain. I ap-
peal to the people to stand by their Represent-
atives until we have put it beyond the power of
the rebels of the South and their northern sym-
pathizers to destroy this Government. And let
us, the Representatives of the people, legislate
for the interest of the country and of freedom.
We must place such safeguards around this
Government as shall secure its perpetuity, its
grandeur, and its glory for all coming time.
Wait a little while, gentlemen on the other
side. Do not be too anxious to allow this
southern Samson to put his hands upon the
pillars of this temple. Y ou, too, may be crushed
in the ruin as well as we. For your own sakes
as well as ours let these southern Representa-
tives stay out a little while until loyalty in their
States gets a better foothold; until they shall
send loyal men here; and if they have not the
inherent sense of justice to do justice them-
selves, let us impose upon them such constitu-
tional obligations as shall require them to do
justice to all men, of all conditions, the low as
well as the high; as shall require them to main-
tain a republican form of State government.
Then, sir, I would admit them, but not till
then. But till then let the same heroism, devo-
tion, patriotism, and courage control and direct
the legislation of the country for the preserva-
tion of that Government and that Constitution
which has been saved by the indescribable valor
of half a million heroes now sleeping their last
sleep, and by that million of veteran survivors
who are among us to remind us of their heroism
and courage, and then not only will the pres-
ent generation bless you, but future generations
will treasure up your acts in grateful hearts,
and God Himself will also add His" blessing.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will my
colleague yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. For
how long?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
not more than five minutes.
Mr. JjAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield for that time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
listened to the vehement declarations of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll]
against the President.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] allow me to ask
a question of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll?]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingeusoll] has animadverted pretty
severely upon the President on account of
some alleged change of opinions. I desire to
have read a passage from the Peoria Weekly
Democrat, and then inquire of the gentleman
if he has not somewhat changed his opinions.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is that a copperhead
paper?
Mr. ELDRID GE. I suppose you would call
it 80.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I deny its authority in
ioto. I would just exactly as soon 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not want to be inter-
rupted by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well.
Mr. LxlWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I would
suggest that I yielded only to my colleague,
[Mr. Randall.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
to have this read.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania,. At the
request of my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] I will ask the Clerk to read the
extract referred to. I am not responsible for
in any respect, for I do not know what it is.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Soon after the-first battle of Bull Bun he ven-
tured out as far as Fairfax Court-llouse, and there
was made acquainted with some of his secesh friends.
On his return to Peoria he declared in substance
that'tho peoplo of Virginia were the noblest men
of God's creation, and that the Government might as
well attempt, to pluck the stars from the heavens as
to' crush them, fighting, as they believed they were,
for their rights and liberties.'
"About three weeks before the last nomination of
Mr. Lovejoy to Congress, Mr. Ingersoll stated that
'his defeat by a conservative man would bo worth
fifty thousand men to the cause of the Union.'
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] allow me
a moment?
■ Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. After I
get through the gentleman can answer that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want to answer it
now, just where it is read.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Very
well; I will yield if my colleague [Mr. Law-
rence] is willing, for I hold the floor by his
courtesy.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania^ I am
willing that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoll] should have a short time to reply
to what has been read.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose this paper,
from which the Clerk has read, is the copper-
head paper of my town, Peoria.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is the paper that sup-
ported the Union during the war, and now
supports the Union and Andrew Johnson. It
is the organ of the party that has just succeeded
in carrying the election in that town.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The same old copper-
head paper?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The same old paper.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I supposed it was the
same old paper. I have been used to being
vilified and abused by that little, mean, dirty,
despicable sheet; a mean, miserable, dirty, ly-
ing, contemptible party paper of the meanest,
most contemptible, and lowest stripe imagin-
able. It is a paper that cannot be excelled in
meanness and lying and slandering in regard
to the Union cause and Union men by any
paper in rebeldom during the entire war. It is
a filthy, dirty, lying 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman deny
the statement in that paper?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
just now. Sir, the statement which has just
been read, whether contained in that paper or
in any other, is false from beginning to end.
I never saw one of these Virginia rebels dur-
ing the war, to my knowledge; never. If I
had, and the occasion had offered, I should
have said to him what I have said to-day. My
utterances would have boon just the same as
they were in 1802, when, as a candidate for
Congress for the State at lai'ge on her Union
ticket, I received the abuse and vilification of
that same contemptible, blackguard, copper-
head, Andrew Johnson paper, [laughter,] just
as I receive it to-day. I then canvassed the
State of Illinois, and met with just such slan-
ders, not only from that paper but from the
Memphis Avalanche and the Richmond En-
quirer. They are all of a stripe and seelc the
same end, the elevation of the copperhead
party to power, even, if need be, it is upon the
ruins of the Republic.
Sir, never since the first utterances of trea-
son in this country have my lips ever uttered
one word, except in encouragement of the loyal
North in their efforts to suppress the rebellion,
and in denunciation of treason wherever it has
reared its head, whether it be in the Halls of
Congress, in the representative capacity of gen-
tlemen who come here from northern States, or
whether it be in the northern press, or where
ever it may have been. I have been an un-
compromising foe of every enemy of the Gov-
ernment, of every enemy of the Union party,
whether he has been engaged in lauding Vallan-
digham or organizing Golden Circles through-
out the northern States, or whether ho had
nothing better to do than to vilify the soldiers
that were fighting for the holiest of causes by
calling them "Lincoln hirelings." My voice
has ever been for the Union and those who
have fought for it. I wish I could say as much
for the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
eidge.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I have listened to-day with some
interest to the vehement declamation of the
gentleman from Illinois against the President.
The gentleman has drawn his sword against
the President, perhaps never to be sheathed
until death ensues. I do not mean death by
atrocious assassination ; I piean political death
only. I am not the defender of the Presi-
dent. Lie needs no defender. I judge that
he is quite able, and I trust that he will be quite
ready to defend himself against this strong,
and I must add vindictive, bill of indictment
against him. The characteristics which he
has displayed in former life would give reason
to expect that he will exhibit the same charac-
teristics again.
But, sir, I rise as a friend of fair play. The
distinguished gentleman from Illinois has
charged the President of the United States
with the desertion of the principles upon which
he was elected. I desire to present here the
Baltimore platform upon which Andrew John-
son was elected, so that those who read the
gentleman's remarks may be able to judge of
their truth and to decide for themselves who
has adhered to that platform and who has not.
The Baltimore platform is as follows:
Resolved, That it is the highest duty of every Amer-
ican citizen to maintain against all their enemies
the integrity of tho Union and the paramount author-
ity of tho Constitution and laws of the United States;
and that, laying aside all differences of political opin-
ions, we pledge ourselves as Union men, animated
by a common sentiment, and aiming at a common
object, to do everything in our power to aid the Gov-
ernment in quelling by force of arms the rebellion
now raging against its authority, and in bringing to
the punishment duo to their crimes the rebels and
traitors arrayed against it.
Resolved, That we approve tho determination of
the Government of tho United States not to compro-
mise with rebels, nor to offer any terms of peace ex-
cept such as may be based upon an "unconditional
surrender" of theirhostilityandareturn to their just
allegianco to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and that we call upon the Government to
maintain this position, and to prosccute the war with
the utmost possible vigor to the complete suppres-
sion of the rebellion, in full reliance upon tho self-
sacrifice, the patriotism, the heroic valor, and the
undying devotion oi tho American people to the
country and its free institutions.
Resolved, That as slavery was the cause, and now
constitutes the strength of this rebellion, and as it
must be always and everywhere hostile to the prin-
ciples of republican government, justice and the na-
tional safety demand its utter and complete extirpa-
tion from thesoil of the Republic; and that wo uphold
and maintain the acts and proclamations by which
th e Government, in its own defense, has aimed a death
blow at this gigantic evil. Wo are in favor, further-
more, of such an amendment to the Constitution, to
be made by the people in conformity with its provis-
ions, as shall terminate and forever prohibit the
existence of slavery within the limits of the jurisdic-
tion of the United States.
Resolved, That tho thanks of the American people
are due to the soldiers and sailors of tho Army and
Navy, who have periled their lives in defense of
their country, and in vindication of tho honor of the
flag; that the nation owes to them some permanent
recognition of their patriotism and valor,_ and ample
and permanent provision for those of their survivors
who have received disabling and honorable wounds
in the servieo of the country, and that the memories
of those who havo fallen in its defense shall be held
in grateful and everlasting remembrance.
Resolved, That we approve and applaud tho prac-
tical wisdom, the unselfish patriotism, and unswerv-
ing fidelity to the Constitution and the principles of
American liberty with which Abraham Lincoln has
discharged under circumstances of unparalleled dif-
ficulty the groat duties and responsibilities of the
presidential office; that wcapprovo and indorse, as
demanded by the emergency and essential to the
preservation of the nation, and as within the Consti-
tution, the measures and acts which ho has adopted
to defend the nation against its open and secret ioes;
that weapproveospeciallytheproclamation of eman-
cipation, and the employment, as Union soldiers of
men heretofore held in slavery; and that we have
full confidence in his determination to carry these
and all other constitutional measures essential to the
salvationof the country into full and complete effect.
Resolved, That we deem it essential to the general
welfare that harmony should prevail in the national
councils, and wo regard as worthy of publio confi-
dence and official trust those only who cordially
indorse the principles proclaimed in theso resolu-
tions, and which should characterize the administra-
tion of the Government.
Resolved, That the Government owes to all men
employed in its armies, without regard to distinction
of color, the full protection of the laws of war; and
that any violation of these laws, or of the usages of
