THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
portance in fixing the balance of power "between
the States that it was, after full discussion in
Congress by the whole body, referred to a select
committee of one from each State, again re-
ported and fully discussed, and then referred
to a committee of five, whose thorough exam-
ination of* the subject gave rise to new difficul-
ties, and caused the matter to be referred to
another committee of one member from each
State. All differences were compromised in
a spirit of patriotism and justice. How differ-
ent is all this from the hasty partisan legislation
on this very suffrage question by the present
Congress.
A caucus met before Congress organized
and chalked out a line of policy and action for
the Republican party on the floor of Congress.
The>whole matter of reconstruction was referred
to a grinding committee, whose dictation should
govern Congress in every measure brought be-
fore it for consideration. Is this wise, just, or
reasonable?
I will pass now to the quality of the resolu-
tion ; ana I do so with deference to the learned
gentleman who presented the resolution, and
whose energy and industry, let me say, deserve
the approbation of that side of the House, if
not of tho whole country.
I have no reason to cavil with the gentleman
for his zeal in a cause that is right, but I cer-
tainly feel justified in rebuking a zeal which is
unjust.
Sir, if what I have just read has force j if the
Convention was correct in providing that prop-
erty and persons should be the bases of repre-
sentation in the national Congress, 1 hold that
this resolution is too narrow to be of use and
too weak to last. It will totter to an untimely
grave, and hobble, a feeble and contemptible
instrument, from this Congress to every State
Legislature to which it may be submitted, to be
rejected for its feebleness in a time like this,
amid the overwhelming issues which agitate this
country.
Sir, the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jenckes] has pointed out to the House the ab-
solute inutility of this amendment,, which seeks
madly to strike a blow at the inequality which
has been caused by slavery, an institution that
is now d^adand buried, and by this time stink-
eth in the nostrils of the people. What motive
lies beneath this measure which is proposed
to be executed by the stringent rale of the ma-
jority in their caucus legislation? Upon its face
it seems to be a mask under which contempt of
all restriction and all limitation shall be heaped
upon tho laws of Congress regulating suffrage.
In this proposition with a wooden head there
lurks some machinery fatal in its intention but
harmless in its result toward foreign immigra-
tion. The gentleman who offered it presents
it to this House as a measure of peculiar pro-
tection against the Irishman and the German.
Sir, it is a question of race, and 1 respect the
proposition as thus presented. But in debat-
ing the exclusive character of this resolution, it
is race that is brought before us for discussion.
I claim that under this wording of the Consti-
tution the Irishman, tho German, the French-
man, and the American, are one so soon as the
foreigner bceomes a citizen. This country is
the refuge of and is maintained for the white
race, as has been so fully demonstrated here in
debate, and as is admitted in this resolution.
If this is not the white man's Government why
bring in an amendment to secure the rights of
those who are not recognized by the Constitu-
tion? But, sir, to exclude the immigrant is the
motive, I firmly believe, of the agitators of this
measure. The whole history of slavery in this
country corroborates that view. I will quote
Irom a portion of that punk literature which
was used to light up the fires of civil war, the
statistics heaped up by one of the radical au-
thors whose book was used by the agitators pre-
vious to the rebellion to inflame the sectional
prejudices of the North against the South. From
that fountain they borrowed all llie material they
had to prove that antipathy existed between tho
white and black laborer. The same facts used
then, if true, will result now in the exclusion
of the white laborer of the Northeast and West,
will eventually give the finest and fairest land
in the South to the black man in perpetuity to
the exclusion of the white workingmen of this
country. The question which this country has
to meet in regard to the black race is how to
secure emigration of that race from the South.
They must quit the soil. To parcel out to the
black race the richest lands in the southern
country is unjust to the white laborer and a
mockery. The white immigrant must be se-
cured in a preemptive right of the soil on this
continent.
Sir, one of the blue lights of the wonderful
galaxy which illuminated the pages of fanatical
literature I have now in my hand, entitled
11 Olmsted's Sea-board Slave States"—capital*
authority on the other side of the House—un-
exceptionable, carrying with it conviction with-
out reading it. Every fact contained in this
book is accepted by the radicals as doubly true
on this subject, and every opinion will be ac-
cepted as unpolluted by any fanaticism or false-
hood by them. Olmstead says, after traveling
through all the sea-board States, visiting them
by turn:
"' Man is a social animal.' Tho largest part of the
labor required in Virginia is, and long has been, per-
formed by negroes. The negroes are a degraded peo-
ple; degraded not merely by position, but actually
immoral, low-lived; without healthy ambition; but
little influenced by high moral considerations, and,
in regard to labor, not all affected by regard for duty.
This is universally recognized, and debasing fear, not
cheering hope, is in general allowed to be their only
stimulant to exertion." * * * * *
"Now, lot tho white laborer come here from the
North or from Europe; his nature demands asocial
life; shall he associate with the poor, slavish, de-
graded, low-lived, despised, unambitious negro, with
whom labor and punishment arc almost synonymous?
or shall he be the friend and companion of the white
man, in whose mind labor is habitually associated
with no ideas of duty, responsibility, comfort, luxury,
cultivation, or elevation and expansion either of mind
or estate, as it is where the ordinary laborer is a free
man—free to use his labor us a means of obtaining all
these and all else that is to be respected, honored, or
envied in the world?
"Associating with cither or both, is it not inevita-
ble that ho will bo rapidly demoralized—that ho will
soon learn to bate labor, give as little of it for his hire
as he can, become base, cowardly, faithless—'worse
than a nigger?'"
He led you into the fanatical fields of blood-
shed, whore you have glutted all your hate
against the South. Now, sir, the influence of
the black race on American civilization has
been pari passu with the progress of the white
civilization of this country. And another dis-
tinguished blue light is one Helper, another of
your prophets—prophets of Baal, who cried on
their god to come and help them. He says, in
reviewing this whole question :
" Tho incontrovertible facts which I have thus far
presented are, as I think, amply sufficient, both in
number and magnitude, to bring conviction to the
mind of every candid reader that there is something
wrong, socially, politically, and morally wrong, in the
i policy under which thcSouthhas so long loitered and
j languished. Else how is it that the North, under the
I operation of a policy directly the opposite of ours, has
■ surpassed usin almost everything great and good, and
lefi us standing before the world an object of merited
rcpreheiiMon andderision?
" For one wo aro hoartilv ashamed of tho inexcusa-
ble weakness, inertia, anddilapidation everywhereso
manifest throughout our native section; but the blame
properly attaches itself to a usurping minority of the
people, and wo arcdoterminedthatitshallrestwhere
it belongs. More on this subject, however, after a
brief but gencial survey of the inequality and dispar-
ity that exist between these two grand divisions of
the country, which, without reference to the situation
of any part of their territory or to the cardinal points,
arc every day becoming more familiarly known by the
appropriate appellation of the free and tho slave
States.'*
Sir, if this resolution takes effect, you sur-
render to the black race of the South control
in the legislative halls in the southern States:
by the policy and practical working of all such
measures you exclude white labor, and by tho
exclusion of white labor you give the control
of the ballot-box to the negro who will here-
after, by this system of enactments, become the
majority of the people under the democratic and
established law of our whole policy and the Con-
stitution, and we must bow to the will of the peo-
ple. Ingraft the black man info the term "peo-
ple" and. you surrender the South to the black
race, and the question comes up not between
slave and free, but between black and white.
Now, sir, in regard to the relative condition
of the country, I here give comparative state-
ments taken from a report made by General
Pinckney to the Legislature of South Carolina,
found in Elliot's Debates, (see Curtis's History
ofthe Constitution, volume two, pages 168,169,)
and also an abstract from the census of 1850:
Natives of the slave States in the free States, and natives
of the free States in the slave States, 1850.
Natives of free States.
Alabama  4,947
Arkansas  7,965
Delaware  6,996
Florida  1,718
Georgia  4,249
Kentucky 31,34ft
Louisiana 14,567
Maryland 23,815
Mississippi  4,517
Missouri  55,664
North Carolina  2,167
South Carolina  2,427
Tennessee  6.571
Texas  9,982
Virginia  28,999
Natives of slave States.
California  24,055
Connecticut  1,390
Illinois 144,809
Indiana 176,581
Iowa    31,392
Maine  458
Massachusetts  2,980
Michigan  3,634
New Hampshire  215
New Jersey  4,110
New York  12,625
Ohio 152,319
Pennsylvania  47,180
Rhode Island  982
Vermont  140
Wisconsin  6,353
609,223 •
205.924
"This last table, compiled from page 116 of tho
Compendium of the Seventh Census, shows, in a most
lucid and startling manner, how negroes, slavery,
and slaveholders are driving the native non-slave-
holding whites away from their homes, and keeping
atadistance other decent people. From the South
tho tide of emigration still flows in a westerly and
northwesterly direction, and it will continue to do so
until slavery is abolished. The following remarks,
which we extract from an editorial article that ap-
peared in the Memphis (Tennessee) Bulletin, near
the close of the year 1856, are worth considering in
this connection:
" W e have never before observed so large a number
of immigrants going westward as are crossing tho river
at this point daily, the two ferry-boats—sometimes
three—going crowded from early morn until the boats
cease making their trips at night. It is no uncom-
mon sight to see from twenty toforty wagons encamped
on tho cliff for the night, notwithstanding there has
been a steady stream going across the river all day;
and yet the cry is, ' Still they come.'"
These statements show that the effect of black
labor has been to cause emigration from the
slave States, and that wherever this cloud of
black labor has rested upon the soil it has driven
the white intelligent masses of the South away
to the western and southwestern States, and to
the Pacific coast. If the black laborer of the
South is raised to the position of a citizen, with
tho right of suffrage, the same result must follow
from the same cause, which is to be found in
the instinctive antipathy of the white laborer
to work with the black laborer in a section
where the blacks are in a majority and degrade
labor.
Hear what Helper says further on this point,
always bearing in mind that slavery, although
dead, has left the negro a dependent and igno-
rant being:
"As shown by the census report of 1850, which was
prepared under the superintendence of a native of
South Carolina, who certainly will not be suspccted
of injustice to his own section of the country, the
southern States,the cash value of all the farms, farm-
ing implements, and machinery in Pennsylvania was
$ 122,598,610; the value of the same in South Carolina,
in the same year, was only 886,518,038. From a com-
pendium of the same census, we learn that the value
of all the real and personal propertyin Pennsylvania,
actual property, no slaves, amounted to $729,144,998;
the value of the same in South Carolina, including
the estimated—wcwerc about to say fictitious—value
of 384,925 negroes, amounted to only $288,257,694. We
have not been able to obtain the figures necessary to
show tho exact value of the real and personal estate
in Philadelphia, but the amount is estimated to be
not less than $300,000,000; and as in 1850 there were
408,762 free inhabitants in the single city of Philadel-
phia, against 283,544 of the same class in the whole
State of South Carolina, it is quite evident that the
former is more powerful than the latter, and far ahead
of her in all the elements ot genuine and permanent
superiority. In Pennsylvania, in 1850, the annual in-
come of public schools amounted to $1,348,249; the
same in South Carolina, in the same year, amounted
to onl.v $200,600. In the former State there were 393
libraries other than private, in the latter only 26; in
Pennsylvania 310 newspapers and periodicals were
published, circulating 84,898,672 copies annually; in
South Carolina only 46 newspapers and periodicals
wero published, circulating but 7,145,930 copies per
annum.
"The incontrovertible facts we have thus far pre-
sented are, we think, amply sufficient, both in num-
ber and magnitude, to bring conviction to the mind
of every candid reader thattherc U something wrong-
socially, politically, and morally wrong—in the policy
under which tho South has so long loitered and lan-
guished. Else, how is it that the North, under the
operations of apolicy directly the opposite of ours, has
surpassed us in almost everything great and good, ana
