1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3367
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is simply this, that
the additional tax of three per cent, upon the
outstanding circulation of con verted banks shall
not apply to banks which have been unable to
get in their notes, and in consequence have not
received the amount of circulation to which
they are entitled under their organization from
the Government. For instance, take a bank
with a capital of $100,000. It is entitled to
receive $90,000 in circulation. If they have
$80,000 of circulation outstanding, the Comp-
troller does not allow them to receive that
amount of their $90,000 of circulation; and
this amendment provides that they shall not
be taxed for the excess of that money out, so
long as they keep within the limit of $90,000
circulation to which they are entitled. That
is the effect of it, and T think it is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the bill,
on page 106, line twenty three hundred and
ninety-eight, by striking out the word "live "
and inserting 1' three.'' The clause now reads:
On leather of all descriptions, tanned or partially
tanned in thorough, a tax of five percent, advalorcm.
The amendment simply proposes a reduc-
tion of the tax from five to three per cent, on
leather tanned in the rough. This will still
leave an additional tax of five per cent, ad
valorem on the same leather when curried or
finished, which I do not propose to interfere
with. There is a tax of five per cent, ad va-
lorem on the additional value given the article
by being curried or finished. It will also leave
the tax of five per cent, on the higher class of
leather that enters into articles of greater value,
and that are more commonly used bv persons
who are able to pay. This class of leather,
the tax on which I propose to leduce to three
per cent., enters into the manufacture of com-
mon boots and shoes.
Mr. FESSENDEN". If the Senator will
look at the proviso to the succeeding clause
he will see that his object is already accom-
plished by that proviso.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It reads:
Provided, That all leather in the rough upon which
duties or taxes have been actually paid shall be as-
sessed on the increased valuo only when curried or
finished.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose to leave that in.
I desire to make a change in the paragraph
before that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What change?
Mr. CONNESS. From five to three per
cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not bo
done.
Mr. CONNESS. I had intended present-
ing the letter that I hold in my hand to the
Committee on Finance, and handed it to the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] but
through inadvertence it was not presented to
the committee. I think it is a case in which
the relief asked for ought to be granted. It
is the only amendment that I have undertaken
to offer, although I suppose it is not entitled
to any consideration on that account. A very
reputable and substantial citizen, engaged in
this business for many years in my State, writes
me thus—I will read but one paragraph of his
letter :
"And although wo have from $50,000 to $00,000 em-
ployed in our businessfor the pa«t, two years, in con-
science of the frauds committed by a Rood many in
our trade against the revenue, neither Mr. Dean nor
his partners have been able to make a living; and
he has determined, that unless modification of the
present tax is made, and more stringency in com-
pelling delinquent tanners to make just returns to
tho Government, to leave tho business and try some
other employment whereby a subsistence can be
obtained."
He complains of the administration of the
law as well as of the provision itself. The tax,
I learn, is reduced one per cent, in this bill ;
it was six per cent., but is now reduced to five
per cent.; and 1 propose to reduce it two per
cent, more, making it three per cent. I think
that the committee, considering the fact that
they have not had this particular question be*
fore them, and that I intended to place it before
them, ought not to resist this amendment. It
will, perhaps, not make so much difference to
the revenue as to the parties engaged in this
useful branch of industry. 1 hope the Senate
will adopt the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This tax has been fixed
after very great consideration by both commit-
tees, and I do not see any occasion to change
it, neither from the individual case nor the
views submitted.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 think the Senator is
right about that, that we should make no
change upon the views of an individual; but
the honorable Senator will remember that an
individual may be a very good representative
of a class.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the trade
generally is content with this tax as it stands.
Mr. CONNESS. I differ with the Senator
upon that point.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 give notice that I shall
renew the amendment in the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS, [havereceived a letter
from a manufacturer of farming implements in
the State of Indiana, calling my attention to
the one hundred and seventh line on page 105,
and 1 wish to make an inquiry of the chairman
of the Finance Committee in regard to it. That
clause, which is part of the free list, now reads:
Plows, cultivators, harrows,straw and haycuttcrs,
planters and seed-drills, hoisc-rakes, hand-rakes,
cotton-gins, grain-cradles, and winnowing-mills."
This writer says:
" if the last-named article"—
That is, the winnowing-mills—
" is to have any fou-e or in anyway benefit the "West
or the Not tliwe^t, it should lead ' threshing or win-
nowing mills or machines.""
1 do not know tor certain whether that is pro-
vided for in the one hundred and twenty-third
line, "reapers, mowers, threshing-machines,
and separators." Will that answer the purpose?
Mr. SIIFjRMAN. Certainly. A winnowing-
mill is a part of a threshing-machine.
Mr. HENDltlCKS. The Senator from Ohio
is more familiar with that class of articles than
I am ; and if that is so, I shall not offer an
amendment. 1 understand that the clause
which 1 have just read in the one hundred and
twenty-third line stands in the bill, as the prop-
osition of the committee to strike it out was
disagreed to.
Mr. HOWAiii). I wish to amend the bill
on page lfill, between lines fifty-four and fiftj-
fivc, by inserting, " iron roofs for railroad de-
pots, and the iron therefor," so as to make
iron roofs for railroad depots and the iron of
which they are composed free from taxation.
Mr. FESSIiNDEN. Why should they be
free from tax any more than iron for other
things ?
Mr. HOWARD. The reason is that, like
railroad bridges, they are very essential to the
safety of property and persons passing over a
railroad and in store awaiting transit. J think
we ought to encourage this species of manufac-
ture. 1 will simply relate what has happened
in my own city, and that, perhaps, will be the
best argument that 1 can present to the Senate
on the subject.
We had two large and spacious depots at
Detroit, the roofs of which were made of wood.
During the last fall one of them, that of the
Michigan Central depot, a very spacious and
ample building, filled with property belonging to
the company and to shippers and owners, took
fire in consequence of the bursting of a casting of
varnish, which is very inflammable and which it
is impossible to prevent being carried on rail-
roads. Such was the inflammable eharactcr of
the material that it set the depot on fire almost
instantaneously, and the whole building was
destroyed. The roof being made of wood took
fire almost instantly, and the whole building
was consumed, notwithstanding the efforts of a
most efficient lire department, using steam en-
gines. Tho loss to the company could not have
been much less than a million dollars. During
the last spring the other depot, known as the
Detroit and Milwaukee depot, was destroyed
by means of a similar accident; the roof and
the walls also of the latter depot being made
of wood. If these two buildings had been roofed
with iron I suppose there is no doubt that they
would have been saved.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ash my friend from
Michigan whether these roofs were not built
before the tax law went into operation, and
whether he thinks the railroad companies were
prevented from putting on iron roofs by the tax
law.
Mr. IIOWAllD. Undoubtedly the roofs
were built before the tax law came into opera-
tion ; but they have to be built again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend from
Michigan if lie does not think that the Michi-
gan Central railroad and other railroads are
just, as able to build iron roofs as citizens are
to protect their own buildings.
Mr. HOWARD. They are able to build iron
roofs probably, and so is the Senator from Ohio,
if he is worth t he money to procure the materials
and manufacture the article; but there lies the
difficulty. The iron is so expensive, according
to the present prices and the present taxation,
as to make it almost impossible, at least very
onerous, for railroad companies to construct
the roofs of their depots of iron. I might
allude to other cases where similar accidents
have occurred. I submit that it is nothing
more than just, both to the companies and to
the public, who travel and whose property is in
transit upon these roads, that this simple favor
should be extended botlx. to tho company and
to the public. It is for the safety and security
of the public more particularly that I ask that
these roofs shall be placed upon the free list.
Mr. SHERMAN. The railroad interesthas
probably been more relieved by this bill than
any other single intcrestin the country. There
hasbeen thrown off the tax on freights, amount-
ing to $1,800,000. The tax on iron, which
enters largely into the cost of every railroad,
is very much reduced. The tax has been
thrown off railroad iron and iron bridges and
also pig iron ; and on'the great body of arti-
cles that are consumed by railroads the duty
is now thrown off. There is probably no do-
mestic interest in the United States that is so
much relieved by this amended tax bill as the
lailroad interest. The tax on rubber springs
and on nearly everything that enters into the
manufacture of machinery, locomotives, and
all repairs on locomotives has been stricken
off. flie double tax that has heretofore been
complained of by railroad builders is removed.
Certainly we ought not to carry the discrimi-
nation in their favor any further. As a mat-
ter of course it would be a very convenient
thing to have an iron roof on a railroad depot;
when it catches fire, it would not be so likely
to burn. The same argument would apply to
any private house, or to the building of the
Capitol or to the building of a State House or
to any other public building; it would be
cheaper to have a stone or iron roof than a
wooden roof; but we do not therefore propose
to make exceptions in their favor. It seems
to me the exception in this case is totally
indefensible on principle.
The amendment was rejected ; there being,
on a division—ayes two, noes not counted.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to amend the
bill on page 103, line fifty-four, by striking out
the words "and castings for iron bridges" and
inserting the words " and their several parts
so that tho clause will read, " iron bridges and
their several parts."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only state that
the exemption is confined to castings all through
the bill. This is an effort to extend itto wrought
iron, which is not done in any case. Wc have
relieved them so far as iron bridges and castings
for iron bridges are concerned; and if wrought
iron goes into their construction in a greater or
less degree, it should take the same course as
all other wrought iron that goes into otherma-
chinery. There is no reason for extending the
exemption any further, in my judgment. I do
not think these railroad institutions—a mere
favored interest, and most of them very large
and rich corporations—exhibit a very proper
