1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I6>
judgment. I have not any particular opinion
in regard to this matter, for I know v.ery little
about it. I do know, however, that there has
been very considerable complaint in regard to
the health of the young men there on account
of the want of accommodations; and as I have
very great confidence in the honorable Senator
from Iowa, with reference to naval affairs par-
ticularly, and he and that committee have inves-
tigated it and recommended it, in concurrence
with the proper Department and those -con-
nected with the School, I do not feel that I am
at liberty to Qppose the proposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move this amendment to
follow the one just adopted:
For the extension and enlargement of the chapel
at the Naval Academy, $2,000.
I desire to say that the chapel of the Naval
Academy was built at a time when there were
only about a hundred students at the institu-
tion. We are now by law authorized to hav.e
five hundred and forty-two. When to them
you add the families of the professors and offi-
cers attached to the Academy, the chapel is not
sufficient to accommodate more than half of
them. It is merely proposed, not to erect a
new chapel, but to take out one end of the
present building and make it a little larger.
Mr. WILSON. Will this amount do it?
Mr. GRIMES. I think so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer this amendment as
an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That thosecond section of
ail act entitled "An act to regulato the pay of tho
Navy of tho United States." approved March 3,1835,
and all acts or parts of acts authorizing tho appoint-
ment of Navy agents bo, and the samo aro hereby,
repealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the effect of
that? It seems to be a general provision of
law which has nothing to do with an appropri-
ation bill. 1 do not understand it. JTt seems
to be a repeal of the laws authorizing the ap-
pointment of Navy agents.
Mr. GRIMES. That is it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have been dis-
pensed with already.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How? Bylaw?
Mr. CONNESS. By the action of tho De-
partment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GLUMES. 1 offer this amendment to
come in alloc the appropriations for the Naval
Academy:
Fur the croction of a foundery and machine-shop
at tlio Naval Academy, $20,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to havo
that explained.
Mr. GUI MISS. I can explain it. .The De-
partment has adopted the practice which was
initiated by the French navy a few years ago
of making every midshipman as familiar as he
cau l>e made during the time ho is being edu-
cated at (he Academy with"naval engineering.
The time has gone by when seamanship is to
be the solo or even the chief qualification of
an officer; but he must understand all the
means by which vessels are propelled, so that
when ho bceomcs the commander of a vessel
he may not be compelled to rely entirely on
his engineer as to what may be the defect of
his engine, or how long it will take to be
repaired, and how it is to be repaired, but that
he should havo some knowledge on that sub-
ject himself. For that reason, for the last year
several engineers have been detailed to the
Academy, and have been instructing the youth
with admirable success. They want an engine-
shop.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment is for
a foundery and machine-shop.
Mr. GRIMES. Thatis what it is, so that
they may work with their own hands. These
young men are sent on board of the practice-
ship, and they begin as eoal-heavers, and then
are made first-cla^s firemen, and finally work
their way up until they can run engines them-
selves. In order to familiarize them with the
duties that pertain to the office of an engineer,
and to make them practical engineers as well
as theoretical engineers, they want this smith's
shop In which they can work with their ow;n
hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hardly think it worth
while to establish a foundery and machine-shop
at the Naval Academy. 1 think the Senator
is going a little too fast.
, Sir. GRIMES. I can only say that the pol-
icy has been established. I have a letter here
from the Secretary of the Najvy requesting
this appropriation to be made. I think it will
do these young officers no harm to have a little
manly exercise and be trained to engineering.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no telling how
far it will go if we commence to establish found- ■
eries and machine-shops at the Naval Academy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall next want an
armory at West Point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes fifteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after line two hundred and
thirty of section one :
For enla rged accommodations for the naval labor-
atory at New York, $80,000.
I have received from the Navy Department
these communications:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Medicine axu Surgery,
January 18, 1806.
Sir: Since the date of my report to the honorable
Sccjetary of the Navy, the attui^ion of the bureau
has been again called to tho absolute necessity for
erecting a suitable building in which to conduct the
business of the naval laboratory.
Tho director of tho laboratory sots forth so strongly
tho wants of the medical department in this respect,
that I cannot do better than inclose Surgeon Bache's
recent letter on the subject.
It may be well to repeat that "the whole duties of
the establishment arc carried on in an unoccupied
wing of tho naval hospital, New York.
"In it the machinery, appai atus, manufacturing
department, store-rooms, packing and dispensing-
rooms aro all crowded, and tho wholo work of pro-
dding the medical outfits of vessels is carried on in
this placo, Tho demands of the servico are such that
it is absolutely necessary to keep on hand alargo stock
ofmcdical stores and appliances to supply calls, and
it is found well-nigh impossible to conduct properly
tho daily operations of the establishment within its
present contracted limits."
A suitable laboratory can be erected for the sum of
$80,000, and X beg to urge upon the Department the
propriety of asking Congress to make the requisite
appropriation wherewith to construct the building.
Very respectfully, your obedient sorvant,
P. J. HORWITZ,
Chief of Bureau.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
United States Naval Laboratory,
New York, December 14,1865.
Sir : I beg to call your special attention to the in-
sufficiency of room in tho laboratory. Every part
available for apparatus is occupied ; no space is left
for new work, and in case of any of the accidents
which may occur in machines as much overworked
as these have been processes have to be suspended,
sometimes with loss of'material involved, until re-
pairs can be effected.
The store-rooms aro even more inadequate; after
filling the lofts and the halls it lias been necessary to
borrow a building of considerable size, which is now
filled to its capacity with returned stores, and still
sixty-four cases of stores aro lieccssariiy loft out of
doors jfrom wantof space tostorethem under shelter.
Such is our rrescnt embarrassmont for room that we
are unablo to complete the three outfits now ordered,
namely, for tho Ithodc Island, Florida, and Sassacns,
until space ismnde for that purpose by the removal
of some of the rot'irned stores on hand.
We really need, to enable us to work efficiently, at
least double the room we now have.
Very respectfully, year obedient servant,
. B. F. BACHE,
Director Laboratory.
Surgeon P. J. ITouwitz, Chief of Bureau Medicine and
Sni Washington, l). V.
Dr. Bachc has been at the head of the labor-
atory for many years.
Mr. FESSENDEN- Do wc own any labor-
atory there?
Mr. GRIMES. For a great many years it
has been the practice of the Navy Department
to buy all its drugs in a crude state, and to ma-
nipulate those drugs so as to prepare them for
use, and put them on board of ships in such
condition that they are able to endure any cli-
mate. The War Department has adopted this
plan of having a laboratory recently, within the
last year or two; but until that time probably
the only pure, unadulterated medicines that
could be found were those furnished to the men
in the Navy from this medical laboratory, which
is under the charge of Dr. Bache.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Doweown the building?
Mr. GRIMES. We own the buildings; they
afe all in the navy-yard at New York; but we
have not a building for this specific purpose.
They occupy store-rooms Siat have been loaned
to them belonging to some other department
there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we can wait
another year for this.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer another amendment
after line two hundred and sixty-four, section
one, t.o insert the following:
And the pay of the clerk of the yard. an3 the first
clerk to the navy store-keeper at each of the navy-
yards at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and Philadel-
phia, shall be $1,200 per annum, the same as those
officers receive at Boston, NewYork, and Washington.
The clerks of those two yards, at Philadel-
phia and Portsmouth; receive now only $900,
while officers performing precisely similar du-
ties at the other yards named receive $1,200.
This is recommended by the chief of the bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to insert on page
6, at the end of line one hundred and thirty-
three, section one, after the appropriation for
the purchase of Seavey's Island for the Ports-
mouth navy-yard, this proviso:
Provided further. That In case the owners of the lots
and improvements on said island shall not agree to
receive the said sum for the whole island and tho
privileges and improvements thereunto belonging,
tho Secretary of the Nayy is hereby directed to dis-
continue communication from said island through
said navy -yard, to take effoot on the 1st day of Feb-
ruary, 1867.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following as an
additional section:
And be it further cnactcd, That the examination of
candidates for admission to the Naval Academy shall
be held at such stated times as the Secretary of the
Navy may direct.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the purpose of
that ?
Mr. GRIMES. Unfortunately the law as it
now stands requires that the examination shall
take plaec at a particular time, in the month
of July, whereas it may become important one
year to have the examination take place in the
latter part of May, and in another year in the
latter part of June, depending somewhat on
circumstances. This amendment is to give the
Department the discretion to fix the time ac-
cording to circumstances.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I have one more amend-
ment to offer, and I am glad it is my last, to
come in after the appropriations for the Naval
Academy:
For the increase of the library at the^Naval Acad-
emy, #5,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What necessity is there
for that?
Mr. GRIMES. We were in the habit of
making annual appropriations for the library
of the Naval Academy, but during the last five
years we have made none.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much was the
usual appropriation?
Mr. GRIMES. I cannot say, but-1 think
two or three thousand dollars. During the
time the Academy was at Newport no appro-
priations were made, and during a consider-
able portion of that time the library was boxed
up and was not within reach of the midshipmen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think $5,000 is too
much to spend in any one year for a library.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall not object to the
amount being reduced reasonably.
Mr. JOHNSON. Say $2,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it ought to be
less. I think $1,000 a year was the former
usual appropriation.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it was $2,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to $2,000.
Mr. GRIMES. But there has been a lapse
of years without any appropriation.
