2408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
to annul, and to destroy the Constitution and
to centralize this Government, and thereby to
take away from the people the privileges which
that Constitution formed by our forefathers
gave to them. The gentleman from Illinois
belongs to that party, and he will allow me to
say, a party which does not seek any immediate
restoration of this Union. They find that
Andrew Johnson seeks that restoration in good
faith.
His spirit of loyalty and fidelity to the Con-
stitution is far different from that evinced by
the Republican party. It is far different from
that spirit of the gentleman's party "which
pressed through hurriedly the- admission of
the State of Colorado with two Senators in the
other branch of Congress, simply because those
two Senators will make up the two-thirds vote
in the Senate and enable the Opposition party
to be equal to any emergency against the con-
duct of the President in defending the Consti-
tution of the United States. Yes, sir, that
State was admitted into the Union, so far as
the votes of the two Houses can go, when it
has not as many inhabitants, I venture to say,
as there are voters in my own district.
That is the party against which we are ar-
rayed. It is the party which the people must
overthrow before they can expect any full res-
toration of this Government. We can never
have a continued peace until the principles
embodied by Andrew Johnson in his veto of
the Freerlmen's Bureau bill, his veto of the
civil rights bill, and his speech of the 22d of
February last shall guide this country in a res-
toration of the Union of these States.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I like
that Christian virtue called patience, and liave
tried to exercise it toward my friend over the
way.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
much obliged to the gentleman for his kind-
ness. 1 know his patience and bis kindness
of old, but perhaps I have encroached upon
them too much.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Not
at all. I yielded more readily to the gentle-
man because he claimed to represent the Dem-
ocratic party, and I wanted him to have the
privilege of defending his friends, as he has
done.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with the gentleman's
permission, before I enter, upon the subject
which I intend to discuss, I propose to ask
him a question in reference to the very subject
he has adverted to. The gentleman says, and
I do not controvert it, that ho comes from a
loyal district in Pennsylvania, and tbat his
constituency are as loyal as that of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Inckrsoll.] I want
him to tell this House whether he supports to-
day the Democratic candidate in Pennsylvania
for Governor", Heister Clyrner.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do;
and [ expect to do so with all my heart, be-
cause J believe his election will aid in the res-
toration of the Union.
Mr. LA WREN CE, of Pennsylvania. I only
wanted a categorical answer.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. You have
got it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I will
now refer to a scone which has come up vividly
before my mind since my friend from Illinois
LMr. L\-(jbi;soll] commenced his speech—a
scene which occurred three years ago or more
in the Senate of Pennsylvania—when I heard
Andrew Johnson slandered and vilified more
than [ ever heard any man abused in a public
body by that same Heister Clymer and his
Democratic associates. [ have the speech
here. I was told that the Senator was careful
to suppress some parts of it, but in that speech
he assailed Andrew Johnson in the'strongest
terms, declaring him utterly unworthy of the
confidcnee of the Democratic party. And why
was it that he made that assault on Andrew
Johnson? Because wo were disposed to honor
him by giving him the use of the hall of the
Senate of our State in which he could be heard
in defense of the war. The Democratic party
refused to vote for it,- they would not even
permit his voice to be heard in that hall in
favor of the cause of his country.
A motion was first made in the House that
Andrew Johnson, and Governor Wright, of In-
diana, should have the use of the hall of the'
House in that dark hour of the country, and
how was thatmotion met by the representatives'
of the great Democratic party, who are now,
or claim to.be, the special friends of the Presi-
dent ? It was defeated by their votes, and then
presented in the Seifate. _ I have no disposition
to join in any vituperation against the Presi-
dent. I am far from indorsing some of the
iltterances of my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Ixgersoll] in his speech to-day in regard to
Andrew Johnson. 1 shall never engage in any
personal abuse of any man who may be opposed
to the policy of the party with which I act. But,
sir, I say that this same Democratic party, led
on by this same Heister Clymer in Pennsyl-
vania, were opposed to allowing Andrew John-
son an opportunity to be heard in the hall of
the Senate of Pennsylvania, and that the very
same leaders have been here in this capital, and
I have met them in the presence of the Presi-
dent of the United States, asking, as I suppose,
for his interference in the State in favor of their
party. These very men abused him two years
ago as I never heard a public man abused in a
public assembly, as I had occasion to know,
for I was in the chair at the time, and was com-
pelled several times to call them to order on
account of their low abuse of a man that I
supposed then to be, and still hope that I may
be permitted to call, a patriot.
[Here Mr. Warner handed Mr. Lawrence
the speech .referred to.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I sug-
gest that the gentleman have leave to print it,
so that it inay go to the country along with the
speech of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Istgebsoli,,] to see which is the worst.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I have
not said anything against the President, and
shall not.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
not alluding to your remarks.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I say
that the men who were the enemies and tra-
ducers of Andrew Johnson in my own State, the
copperhead party, who have held their secret
cabals day and night, who have conspired
against the Government, are now swarming
around the President, getting down on their
knees like sycophants, and asking for crumbs.
I have seen them myself. And I have been
told on good authority, and I believe it, that
some of those who, a few weeks ago, nomi-
nated Mr. Clymer, came here to see if the in-
fluence of Andrew Johnson could not be had
to carry that State for the Democracy in the
coming contest.
Now, this is not saying anything against
Andrew Johnson. I am telling who they were
who abused him at that time, and who were his
enemies. Those men to-day repudiate, as I
suppose my colleague [Mr. Randall] does,
the Baltimore platform; although my friend
commends Andrew Johnson because he says
he stands on that platform. And yet did my
friend and colleague support and approve that
Baltimore platform? I have no doubt he de-
nounced it .in everv Democratic club-room in
the city of Philadelphia, the very platform on
which he says Andrew Johnson now stands.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
Democratic party of Pennsylvania are not re-
sponsible for everything that Mr. Heister Cly-
mer may say in hisindividual capacity. [Laugh-
ter.] Moreover, let me say that the Demo-
cratic party of Pennsylvania indorsed Andrew
Johnson in their resolutions, because they be-
lieve his policy of restoration will give us once
more a united country, and only on that ground.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. And
the same party in my State sustained Vallan-
digham and indorsed him.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. When?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. In
their State convention, in 1803. And I doubt
whether we could have carried the State for
Governor Curtin but for that full indorsement
of Yallandigham.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. I demand
my colleague's authority for that assertion.
Mr. LAWREN CE, of Pennsylvania. I give
my pledge, if the gentleman will accept that.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
accept the gentleman's pledge for forty-eight
hours.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylvania. In the
convention that nominated Woodward for Gov-
ernor, against Curtin, a resolution was passed
congratulating the Democratic party of Ohio
on their nomination of Vallandigham. And
if that is not so I will agree to give the gen-
tleman 
Mr. SMITH. Twenty cents. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. More
than that; I will give a basket of champagne.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman is mistaken. The convention de-
nounced the arrest and manner of incarcera-
tion of Mr. Vallandigham.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylvania. I am
astonished that my colleague [Mr. Randall]
has such a short memory. I have had occa-
sion to read that resolution before tens of thou-
sands of the people of Pennsylvania; I have
had occasion to refer to it more than fifty
times. I do not misrepresent the Democratic
party, nor do I misrepresent Mr. Clymer, who
is a personal friend and an honest man. He
has voted consistently and at all times against
the war policy of the Government, and against
making appropriations to feed and clothe the
soldiers who were fighting for the Govern-
ment; he has always sustained the copperhead
party and its friends in the State of Pennsyl-
vania. He is and has been a consistent leader
of that party, and stands to-day as the candi-
date of that party in our State for Governor;
a party, the members of which did all they
dareij to do, and keep out of prison, to hand
us over to the rebels in the South.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. SMITH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Lawkence] if
it is not his wish as well as the wish of every
loyal man in the country, I presume, that all
men should be loyal and obey the laws and ■
sustain the Constitution and the union of the
States. Is not that his wish?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. That
is my wish, certainly. And I should be very
glad to see those punished who did not, do so.
And I would like to see some of them hung,
and could name about twenty of them myself
for that purpose.
Mr. SMITH. And I could double the
number.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylvania. Ani
I do not know but I could name some in Ken-
tucky.
Mr. SMITH. And I would double, that, too.
But I would ask the gentleman, if he finds men
disposed and willing and anxious to obey the
laws, and do obey them to all intents and pur-
poses, would he have any cause of complaint
against them ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylvania. Docs
the gentleman expect me to have any faith in
the Democratic party repenting of their sins?
[Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. Allow me, if you please.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I
thought the gentleman referred to them.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, no ; I am not in the Cly-
mer controversy at all. I do not know any-
thing about it. I speak of those who are willing
to obey the laws, and I do not come within the
purview of the gentleman's rule of punishment.
As to hanging the leading traitors, I am as
much in favor of that as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania can be.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Well,
Mr. Speaker, 1 did not mean to take up so
much time. I was-drawn into this discussion,
