1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
class of people of African descent are not al-
lowed the elective franchise in any State, no
matter upon what pretext, whether it is because
of lack of intelligence, or because of lack of
property qualification, or any other; if they are
debarred the right of exercising the elective
franchise, then they shall not be counted in the
basis of representation. In that way we shall
g®* of the possibility of any State evading
the effect of this constitutional provision by a
shift or a trick. I do not say that I shall not
vote for the amendment. I hope, however, that
it may be amended in this particular, and then
if that is the best that we can get, I will vote for
it; but a.t the same time I will not accept it as
a substitute for that greater justice which we
ought to do.
Mr. BAKER resumed the floor.
Mr. 1; A \\ J ,',L X' C K. of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BAKER. 1 will yield for three minutes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to re-
committhe resolution and pending amendments
to the committee on reconstruction, with in-
structions to report an amendment to the Con-
stitution which shall—
1. Apportion direct taxes among the several
States according either to property or numbers
of population, in the discretion of Congress,
excluding Indians not taxed.
2. That shall apportionrepresentation among
the States on the basis of adult male voters who
are citizens of the United States.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
allowing the gentleman to make the motion?
Mr. BLAINE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Baker] being upon the floor, can
make it, but the gentleman from Ohio cannot.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will do it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to say that when
the gentleman now upon the floor concludes his
speech, if T can get the floor I will move to re-
fer the resolution and pending amendments to
the Committee of the Whole onthe state of the
Union. Then all these propositions can eome
in and general debate can be had on them, and
the sense of the House can be ascertained as
to what they desire.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to move an
amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawkexce.]
The SPEAKER. It is not pending. If the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Baker] should
make it himself, it would be in order; but he
cannot yield the floor to another gentleman to
offer an amendment or make such a motion.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman will offer it.
Mr. BAKER. I must decline to do so.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Then I give
notice that at the proper time I will make the
motion myself.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, I certainly am
exceedingly anxious to have an amendment
adopted at the earliest practicable moment
achieving the general purpose of supplying a
more just basis of representation, and I was at
one time favorably struck with the proposed
amendment. But upon more critical examina-
tion I raise upon it the following points of ob-
jection, to which I beg to draw the attention
and candid consideration of the House :
The proposed amendment fails, as I conceive,
in its very terms, to adequately effect its own
object; that is. it fails to provide, and by apt
words to secure, a representation in this Govern-
ment which shall properly correspond with the
measure of suffrage upon which it rests. To
explain this, let if be observed that under the
operation of this amendment three contingen-
cies may happen: first, a given Stale may enact
universal suffrage, and in that case the opeia-
tion of the amendment would' be all right;
second, such State might deny or abridge the
elective franchise on account of race or color,
and in that case the amendment would operate
to exclude from the basis ot representation all
persons of such race or color, and so effect the
end jiropo-'ed by the committee; but third,
39th 0>\t<\ Isr - -No. 2."i.
such State might deny or abridge the elective
franchise, not on account of race or color, but
on some other account—as, for instance, prop-
erty or intelligence—an d in such case though
very large numbers of her people might be
disfranchised, yet undef the operation of this
amendment, they would all be counted in the
basis of her representation, which would be
highly unjust in itself, besides potentially leav-
ing the identical obnoxious thing standing in
our representative system which it is the object
of this amendment to extirpate I The object
we have in view is to deprive a State of the
privilege of disfranchising any portion of her
citizens and at the same time having them
counted in the basis of her representation.
And I humbly submit that this object is not
accomplished by leaving it to a State, as this
proposed amendment does, to disfranchise
whom she pleases and to any extent she pleases,
provided only it be not for race or color, and
then allowing the persons so disfranchised to
be counted in the basis of her representation.
That I am right in this interpretation of the
proposed amendment is apparent on inspec-
tion of its language. The primary basis of
representation which it provides is the whole
number of persons in each State, which I clearly
think is the right primary basis ; and the only
limitations it imposes are,, first, untaxed Indi-
ans, and secondly, all persons of any race or
color who may be discriminated against as to
suffrage on account of race or color. There is
no provision whatever covering any other sort
of discrimination; from which it clearly results,
as I have stated, that large numbers of persons
might be excluded from the franchise, and yet
be countedin thebasis of representation if only
they were excluded on some other account than
color or race. This, it appears to me, is too
narrow a foundation to rest the proposed rem-
edy upon. For, in my opinion, there are other
grounds upon which men may be disfranchised, j
which are quite as odious and quite as dangerous i
to liberty as disfranchisement on account of
race or color. A property qualification it, one,, !
the whole strength of which was tested by Frank-
lin's question. A man owns an ass to-day .and
he votes. To-night, his ass dies, and to-mor-
row he cannot vote. " Now," said Franklin,
"who has the vote—the man or the ass ?'' At al 1
events, the right to the vote died with the ass.
I am reluctant to indorse an amendment to
the Constitution, framed in this day of grow-
ing liberty, framed by the party of progress,
intended to make representative power in this
Government correspond with the quantum of
political justice on which it is based, and yet
which leaves any State in the Union perfectly ,
free to narrow her suffrage to any extent she j
pleases, imposing proprietary and other clis- j
qualifying tests, and still strengthening her aris-
tocratic power in the Government by the full
count of her disfranchised people, provided I
only she steers clcar of a test based on race or j
color. |
Nor am I to be answered that such would not 1
probably be the practical fact, though the power j
existed to make it so. In framing an amend- j
ment of our fundamental law, which may exist '
for centuries without a change, we should be '
exceedingly modest in undertaking to prejudge !
that power left to a State to very materiallynar- ]
row its suffrage, and yet retain its undiminished ■
weight in the system, would never be exercised
by such State. The wiser course, if appears to
me, now we have taken it in hand, is to put the !
right thing in the Constitution, so wording it
that no considerable body of the people iu any |
State ean be disfranchised, no matter on what ,
account, and still be numbered in her basis of :
representation. Then the mischief we are aim- :
in<j at will be removed—not scotched—removed ]
with the glad sanction of the people: and the
guarantee of its removal v ill be in the terms of
the Constitution itself, and not left to the for-
tuitous pleasure of particular States, free to go n
on. in great measure, as heretofore, excluding |
their people from suffrage andyet having them |
counted in the basis of their representation. The ij
fundamental idea is to leave the primary basis j
of representation where it was placed by our
fathers, the whole body of tiie people, then ex-
cluding from the count according to disfran-
chisement by the States, no matter whether for
race or color or other cause. No State should
reserve in her basis of representation persons
disfranchised and not represented, no matter
on what ground she so excludes them.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
to my colleague.
Mr. lis GERSOLL. I believe much good has
been done by this debate; and I believe it is
the desire of the friends of this measure, or of
the principles involved in this proposition, that
some speedy action should be had upon it upon
the ground that many of the State Legislatures
are now in session, and would be called to act .
upon itbefore their adjournment in States where
I they have only biennial sessions. Now, sir, I
move—and I believe that the object can be ac-
complished by an acquiescence in it by the House
—that this subject be committed to the Commit-
tee of the \\ hole on the state of the Union under
the five minutes' rule, and be there discussed
under the five minutes' rule, and be continued
as a special order until it is disposed of. Then,
sir, every gentleman will have an opportunity
to talk five minutes about this question, and to
offer amendments or propose substitutes; and
they can be voted upon in committee.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsy lvania. I sug-
gest to the gentleman from Illinois that it would
be impossible for any gentleman to approach
an argument upon a question of this sort in five
minutes.
Mr. IIARDiNG, of Kentucky. If a liberal
time for discussion is allowed, I will not object.
But I do object to being restricted to five min-
utes, after gentlemen on the other side of the
House have exhausted the full time in their
speeches.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If there be no objection,
I will agree to make it ten minutes.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Make it
fifteen minutes.
_Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Say thirty
minutes.
Mr. TNGERSOLL. I cannot consentto make
it more than ten minutes.
Mr. LATHAM. I object to any limitation
of debate on questions of this importance, at
least to an}' limitation loss than thirty minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Cannot a motion
be made to go into Committee of the Whole,
and join with that motion a proposition to limit
debate ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be
in order ; but there have been already made by
the House several spccial orders in Committee
of the Whole. The proposition of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ixgeksoli,] can be acted
on now only by unanimous consent.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. Very well, I have an
amendment, or some amendments to offer,
which I think will meet the views of my col-
league [Mr. Baker] by whose courtesy I am now
occupying the flnor. By his permission, 1 will
indicate what those amendments are. I pro-
pose to strike out the words "direct taxes"
from the resolution reported by the joint com-
mittee; also strike out the worijjs "excluding
Indians not taxed;'' also insert before the word
"counting" the words ''which shall be deter-
mined by," and then to add the following:
And no State within this Union shall prescribe or
establish any property uuatitieation whieh may or
shall in anywise abridge the elective franchise.
If that meets the views of my colleague, I
will ask him to offer it.
Mr. BAKER. It does not meet my views.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am very sorn it does
not. Will my colleague offer it as meeting my
views, not his own?
Mr. BAKER. If it be in conformity with the
rules of proceedings to offer this amendment
as meeting the views of my colleague [Mr. Ix-
gerpoix] and not my own' I will do so.
