1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8369
up, I suppose. They must be taken to pieces
again.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, and they are
?ut up at the place where the bridge is to be.
have seen a bridge a thousand feet long put
up at a factory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not carried in
that state to the place where it was to be put up.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly not; it was
taken to pieces, and then put up again. All
the iron rolled for a bridge is just as distinctly
for that purpose as if cast for that purpose.
Now, Mr. President, the objeetofthisamend-
ment is to induce the building of iron bridges.
Tax iron bridges and leave wooden bridges
without tax, and you offer a premium for the
construction of these unsafe, unreliable wooden
bridges, which ought to be abandoned, and there
ought to be a law compelling the use of iron
instead of wood. By taxing the iron and leav-
ing the wooden bridge untaxed you actually
offer a premium for the use of the unsafe and
unreliable wooden bridges. It is a mistake to
suppose that there is any danger from exempt-
ing the parts of the rolled iron rolled for that
purpose. It can be used for no other purpose.
It must be used for that specific purpose. There
are but two or three establishments in the Uni-
ted States where these bridges are manufac-
tured. I hope that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, which is just as acceptable as
that of my colleague, will lie adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not, unless the
Senate mean to exempt everything.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The amendment, as modified
by the Senator from Michigan, will now be
reported.
The Skoretary. Tt is proposed on page ] lill,
line fifty-four, to strike out the words ''and
castings for iron bridges" and to insert 
Mr. GRIMES. Those words should not be
stricken out, but the words which I propose
should be added right on to that line.
The Secretary. It is proposed to add
at the end of line fifty-three the following:
•' and all iron rolled specially for, and used in,
the construction of bridges."
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I see no
.force in the objection insisted upon by the Sen-
ator from Maine with regard to the exemption
of the various parts of an ironbridge. Ho seems
to s>ee a danger that the revenue will be de-
frauded by a perversion of the materials to some
other purpose after they have bceu procured
by the manufacturer. Undoubtedly there is a
possibility that such frauds may be committed ;
but is there not the same possibility in refer-
ence to a clause, which lies in close juxtapo-
sition to this, exempting from all taxation
" masts, spars, ship and vessel blocks, and tree-
nail wedges, and deck-plugs, cordage, ropes,
and cables made of vegetable liber?" Is there
not a possibility that some of these materials
might be perverted and put to some other use?
Certainly there is ; and if there is any force in
the Senator's objection against our proposition,
there is force in the objection against this same
proposition which I have read exempting conl-
age, ropes, cables, &c., from taxation. The
truth is, that there is no more difficulty in
identifying the various parts of an iron bridge
than there is in identifying masts, spars, &o.,
that are prepared or procured for the manu-
facturer for ship building. Both classes of
materials rest upon precisely the same founda-
tion. I hope, in order to encourage the build-
ing of iron bridges, and thus to promote the
safety of the public in person and property,
that the Senate will adopt the amendment which
has been offered.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I understand that freeing
railroad bridges from taxation is relieving the
bridges after they are constructed from taxa-
tion as a construction ; and to strike out bridge
castings from this clause is to strike out that
portion of the bridge which is made of cast-
ings. The tax upon bar iron which is used in
the construction of bridges is not interfered
with by the bill that is reported ; but there is
no tax upon pig metal, and if you take off the
tax from bridge castings there will be no tax
upon that part of the structure, and this is
an effort to get bar iron that is used in the
construction likewise relieved. The fair way
would bo to give a drawback when it is so used
and put in bridges, in that careful way in which
we always make provision for drawbacks.
When a farmer gets bar iron for the use of
his farm, or when any builder gets bar iron
for the use of his construction, he has to pay
to the manufacturer the tax, which is a part
of the cost. This is simply a reduction of the
tax on a bridge as a manufacture after it is
constructed and put up. It is simply a reduc-
tion of bridge eastings—cast iron used in the
construction of bridges. A large portion of
some bridges is of iron castings.
When the war broke out our people were
engaged in building a great many iron bridges
at the South ; they have now resumed it; and
there, where for very long distances they have
no stone to make the abutment and the piers
with, thev make them of iron eastings. So
far as they are made of castings, the bill now
relieves them from all tax. We are using iron
very extensively in these structures, because it-
does not wear out so readily and is not burned
so easily, and resist longer the influences of
decay; and the result is to have the structures
more secure and more permanent. I am not
against cheapening iron bridges; 1 think it is
very well to do so; but wo must get a revenue
to pay the interest of the public debt and sup-
port this Government; and if we knock out
everything that pays a fax, or would cheapen
articles, or be convenient to some portion of
the people, we shall have no taxes left. I
think in prudence and justice we should not
run too fast with these exemptions, and I shall
therefore vote against this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I offer the following
amendment to come in after line twenty-eight
hundred and twenty-foul' of section nine, on
page l'i):
Tliat soetion ono hundred and four bo amended by
strikmKout ail aft or t h<i enacting clause and insert-
ing m lieu thereof" the following: tli.it ;uiy peison
carrying on or doing express bu-im\-s shall he sub-
ject to and pay a tax of three per cent, on the ftioss
amount of all the receipts of such express busmen in
excess of the amount paid bysueh person to anyjiiit-
lond coinpnnv oreompaiueri fur the transportation
of his curs and freight.
This amendment proposes to alter the exist-
in<r law, in the lirsl place, by striking out the
words '' company, firm, or corporation," which
is in accordance with other amendments in the
hill, because the word "person" is defined to
include all these; and secondly by striking out
the word "duty." But flic main point of the
amendment is the latter clause. It is to re-
lieve express companies from paying a tax
on that part of their earnings which they pay
over to the, railroad company that gives them
their transportation, the railroad company be-
ing exempt from pa\ing any fax upon its ton-
nage earnings. It seems to me that when you
exempt the, one and levy that tax on the other,
yon are making a very gross discrimination be-
tween them, and they arc to some extent rivals
in the transportation at leaH of certain kinds
of freight. 'The object is to relieve express
companies simply from paying tax on that part
of their earnings which goes over to the rail-
road company that transports their cars and
their contents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One objection is that
the fair inference would be that if railroad com-
panies are relieved so far as freight is con-
cerned, the express companies would get their
proportion of that relief.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. But they are working
tinder contracts already made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But their contracts will
be out after a time. It is not worth while to
legislate in reference to \ery shoit periods.
That is the fnvt objection.
The next objection—for this matter was con-
sidered very deliberately in the committee—
is that if there is any set of people in the world
who can afford to pay the tax, it is the express
companies. They are universally profitable,
and the tax is in no way oppressive. My friend
from West Virginia has for some reason or
other this favorite notion of his, but it has not
struck the rest of the committee as it has struck
him. I hope this change will not be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I concurred heartily in
the view expressed by the chairman of the
committee when it was presented ; but there
was one view mentioned to me b3' a person
interested in this business this morning which
I think it is proper to state to the Senate. He
said that their chief competitors were these
vast transportation lines called star lines, &c.,
transportation lines connected with the rail-
road companies, which are expressly relieved
by this act from a tax upon transportation.
No transportation company pays any tax upon
money received for transportation. Express
companies are now required under the law to
pay a tax on the very money they pay to the rail-
road companies, while the railroad companies
and all these other competing companies which
carry property carry it free from any tax. The
express company not only pays on its earnings,
but also on the amount it pays to the railroad
companies. That presents their claim to this
partial relief pretty strongly, in my judgment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer is obvious.
There is a wonderful difference in price be-
tween carrying an article by an express com-
pany and by these transportation companies.
Mr. SHERMAN. But tliey pay the railroad
companies for express transportation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know they do; but
take the price which express companies charge
for carrying a bundle and compare it with the
freight over a railroad. Bundles and packages
and innumerable little things arc carried by
express, and transportation companies do not
compete with express companies cxccpt in
matters of heavy freight; but the difference
between the comparatively enormous charges
of express companies and those of railroad
companies in the ordinary course of business
is excedingly great, and covers all the tax.
Their very great prosperity is enough to satisfy
anybody that they are not oppressed by this
"'Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do not think the
last argument of the Senator from Maine is a
strictly fair one in any case. If you are going
to tax anybody that can bear it, yon have only
got to single out the people who make money
and put the whole of the taxes on them. That
express companies have made money, I be-
lieve is a fact that cannot be disputed ; but we
also know that recently, at least, they have
lost immense sums of money by robbery, and
their risk is very great for tliey insure every-
thing tliey do carry.
Again, as to their rates being higher than
those of railroad companies: tliey take your
goods from your door and convey them to the
car and then deliver them at the other end of
flic route. I remember on one occasion going
from here only to Baltimore with a trunk, and
I paid more for the transportation of myself
and trunk from the railroad depot to a hotel
in Baltimore than the fare for the forty miles
amounted to.
I put this on the ground that it is an act of
justice to these companies in reference to what
has been done for others; that if you continue
to charge them on this, it is establishing an
inequality and making them the subjects of an
inequality to their detriment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will this reduce their
prices for carrying articles? [Laughter.]
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Oh, yes, certainly.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GUTHRIE. These express companies
are not very popular in the community. Tliey
are supposed to make a good deal of money,
and I never knew anybody to be very popular
who was supposed to get more than his share.
An express company on a long line, say from
Now York or Boston to Cincinnati or Louis-
ville, make arrangements with the railroad
companies to carry a car for them or furnish
them room in a car, for which they pay each
