1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot make it all
up at once.
Mr. GRIMES. I modify my amendment by
making it $2,000.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Tlie bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
_ The PRESIDING-OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question is on concurring
in the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The vote may be taken
on all the amendments together, except the
one for building a laboratory at New York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will be taken on concurring in all the
amendments except the one indicated by the
Senator from Maine.
The amendments were concurred in.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
to insert after line two hundred and thirty of
section one:
For enlarged accommodations for tho naval labor-
atory at New York, $80,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will abandon that amendment. He has
Succeeded pretty well with all his propositions.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall not press it against
the remonstrances of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance. The Senate know what
the requirements of the public service are. I
have laid before them my information on the
subject, and the responsibility is with them.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not design to
Carry this bill any further to-day than to get
through with the amendments, and then I pro-
posed to let it lie over before taking the vote
on ordering it to a third reading. If there arc
no other amendments to the bill it may be laid
aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laidaside for the present.
DEFICIENCY CIVIL BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to resume
the consideration of the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (It. R.
No. 80) making additional appropriations, and
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending the 30lh of June, 180(5,
and for other purposes.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew the proposi-
tion which I offered in committee, with an alter-
ation—to insert after line three hundred and
eighty-four of tho first section :
For ths pay of the United States commissioner, and
for the pay of the United States surveyor, and for
incidental expenses in the execution of the duty ;>-
6isned.to the joint eommi.—iion appointed under the
first article of the reciprocity treaty between tho Uni-
ted States and Great Britain of the 5th of .lune, 135 i,
from November 1, 1-S0j, to .March, 18f>!>, for drafting
and compilation of the final chart showina the places
reserved from the common libciiy of fishing, their
limits and description, $1,500, or so much thereof as
shall be necessary.
The Senator from Maine is aware. I think,
of the circumstances which have occurred since
he made his objection. 1 have had a commu-
nication with the Department of State and re-
ceived some documents from there, and 1 have
also seen one of the gentlemen particularly con-
nected with this work, and I have been induced
to modify the proposition and put it in this form.
I understand that the Senator from Maine does
not object to it.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMB DLL. I notice on page 33 of
this bill that the committee recommended the
Striking out of this proviso:
Provided, That hereafter no portrait or likeness of
any living person shall be engraved or pi,iced upon
any of tho bonds, securities, notes, or postal currency
of the United States.
It, is not a matter of any great importance,
but I do not see whv it should be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I explained that yes-
terday : the question was raised then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not m then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They say at the De-
partment, that the putting of these heads on is
a great protection against counterfeiting; at
any rate, it enables the agents of the Depart-
ment more readily to detect counterfeits when
presented to them. To this purpose it is more
important to have the heads of living persons
than others. In reality the proviso was put in
as a personal matter, aimed at a particular
individual. I am satisfied that the better way
is to strike it out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as anything per-
sonal is concerned I have nothing to say. I do
not aim it at a particular person, but it seems to
me that the practice which this proviso seeks
to stop is a very ted one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They consider it im-
portant at the Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 cannot see for my life
why the portrait of a living person should be
any better on these notes to prevent counter-
feiting than that of a person who is dead.
Those portraits were taken from life. The
people who see the likenesses may have never
seen the living person, and if they had, that
would not be a means of detecting the coun-
terfeit. I ask Senators to reflect for a moment
on this subject. President Lincoln's likeness
is upon many of the bills. Will anybody say
he cannot detect a counterfeit with Mr. Lin-
coln's likeness upon it just as quickly as he
could a bill with tho likeness of Mr. Johnson
upon it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Lincoln was a liv-
ing person at the time ho was put on—a mortal
person.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are mortal per-
sons enough who have died whoso likenesses
we could put on if necessary. What may lie
the consequences ofsuch a practice? We have
had a rebellion in this country within a few
years; before it there were persons at the head
of this Government whose faces are obnoxious
to the great mass of the loyal people of this
country, and whose portraits wo should not like
to have upon the currency of the country. So
far as it is aimed at any particular person 1
am opposed to it. I have no feeling in refer-
ence to any individual in regard to this matter,
but it strikes me the proviso is a very proper
one. It is not. perhaps, a matter of any great
importance, but as the proviso is here in the
bill as it comes from the other House, I think
we niay as well retain it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say is,
that experts consider it of some importance,
and they know more about it than we can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it too late to make a
motion in regard to this proviso?
The PIf,ESI DTNG OFFICER. The amend-
ment striking out the proviso has been con-
curred in by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee satis-
fied themselves about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator would
give any reason in the world why the proviso
should be stricken out, I should not insist on
retaining it. but lie simply savS that somebody
has expressed an opinion that this is a matter
of importance. 1 ask the Senator from Maine
if he really believes so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do ; becausc I havr-
it from the best authority thai it is considered
by experts a very important protection.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
HOUSE BILLS JiEFEBBKD.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (II. R. No. 15) authorizing document-
ary evidence of titles to be furnished to the
owners of certain land" in the city of St. Louis—■
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 155) granting land to A.
M. Jess of Josephine county. Oregon—to tho
Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (II, IV No. 150) for the relief of the
administratorsand securities of Almon W. Bab-
bitt, late secretary of Utah—to the Committee
oil Indian Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 364) to confirm unto Au-
gustin Amiot, his legal assigns and represent-
atives, a .certain lot of ground in the city of
St. Louis, in the State of Missouri—to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 67) providing
for the reappraisement of the lands described in
an act for the relief of William Sawyer and
others, of Ohio—to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
LAND LOCATIONS IN MISSOURI.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate tho amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 30) quiet-
ing doubts in relation to the validity of certain
locations of lands in the State of Missouri, made
by virtue of certificates issued under the act of
Congress of February 17, 1815.
*Tlie amendment was read. Itis to insert after
the word "shall," in hpe twenty-one of sec-
tion two, the words "be so construed as to
invalidate or impair any patent heretofore is-
sued by the United States, or shall;" so as to
make the proviso read:
And provided further, That nothing in this act
shall be so construed as to invalidate or impair any
patent licretolore issued by the United States, or
shall in any manner abridge, divest, impair, injure,
or prejudice any valid adverse title or interest of any
person or persons, &c.
Mr. HARRIS. I have examined the amend-
ment just read and am satisfied that it does not
change tho legal effect of the bill. I move,
therefore, that the Senate concur in it.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr, GRIMES, it was
Ordrr&l, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
INDIAN AVtfAIRS.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 2(M, which I reported yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. HOI) to provide for an annual inspection
into Indian affairs, and for other purposes, was
read tho second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes that there shall, be estab-
lished five inspection districts of Indian affairs:
one to embrace the States of California and
Nevada and the Territory of Arizona; one to
embrace the State of Oregon and the Territo-
ries of Washington and Idaho ; one to embrace
the Territories of Colorado, Utah, and New
Mexico ; one to embrace the State of Kansas,
the Indian Territory, Nebraska, and southern
Dakota; and one to embrace the State of
Minnesota and that part of the Territory of
Dakota north of Nebraska, and the Territory
of Montana ; but the Secretary of the Interior,
under the direction of thy President, may from
time to time change the boundaries of those
dintiicts ; and it creates five boards of inspec-
tion of Indian affairs, each to consist of three
members, one chief inspector, to be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, who is to hold his office
for the term of four years ; one inspector, to
be an officer of tho regular Army, who is to be
annually detailed by the Secretary of War for
that purpose; and one, to be annually ap-
pointed by the President, by and with-tlie
advice and consent of the Senate, from among
such persons as may be recommended- by tho
annual meetings or conventions of the religious
societies or denominations of tho United States
, as suitable persons to act upon those boards ;
I or, in case of their failure to make such reeom-
| mendation. from such persons as he shall deem
| proper. Each of the inspectors appointed by
the President is to receive a salary of $-1,000
per annum, and tho officer detailed to act as
inspector is to serve without additional pay or
' allowance as such. _ _
These boards of inspection are to visit all the
Indian tribes within iiieir respective districts
at least once in each year; to examine into
their condition, and into the condition of their
