2410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
we reflect how much depends on his fealty to
his true friends.
But as my friend from Illinois [Mr. Inger-
soll] has well said, the Union party will sur-
vive and save the country. I glory, sir, to-
day, in tlie record of that party. There never
has been a party in any country that has done
so much for liberty. It has saved this Govern-
ment from destruction. While the soldiers met
the rebels in the field of battle and defeated
them, the loyal men of the North met their allies
in the political field, at the polls, and defeated
them. I repeat, this Union party has saved the
country in its hour of trial and it will triumph
in the end, not sq much on account of its num-
bers as because it is right. As my friend from
Chicago [Mr. Wentworth] remarked the other
day, "God will sustain us if we sustain the
right."
I repeat, then, the Union party is bound to tri-
umph. I may not indorse all that is done here
by it. I am not quite satisfied with the report
of the committee on reconstruction and shall
vote to amend this proposition. But the Union
party will live in spite of adversity. Already
the political ax is falling upon the necks of our
friends. Heads are falling in my own State.
A Member. Who are they?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. As
good men as ever lived are being displaced for
bad men. The President has turned out the
marshal of western Pennsylvania, as pure and
upright a man and as capable as ever held
office anywhere, and appointed a man in his
place who was dismissed from service on a
charge implicating his integrity. Thank God,
he is not confirmed, and will not be. [Laugh-
ter.], I have met him very often. I do not
know how much money he has made out of the
position that he lost. The report varies.
Mr. SMITH. Who recommended him?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. It is
not for mo to say. Certainly the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] did not.
Mr. SMITH. 1 .suppose somebody from
Pennsylvania did it, and I would like to know.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. When
I spoketothe President about the late marshal,
and told hini what I knew of him—told him
that there was no more competent or worthy
officer to be found—the President intimated that
he should not be removed ; but before two days
elapsed ho was removed and another name sent
into the Senate; the one to whom I have referred
as having been dismissed from the service of
the Government charged with various crimes.
Mr. SMITH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Lawrence]
if this person who was appointed marshal by
the President did not carry with him some
similar recommendations, in a political point
of view, to those upon which the President
released Clement C. Clay upon parole.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I am
glad the gentleman has asked me that question.
Now, I venture to say—and I have not seen
the record, and do not know whether there is
any or not—that there is not an honest Union
man in western Pennsylvania who signed any
remonstrance against the late marshal. No
charges were or could be preferred against so
pure and upright a man, respected and loved
by all who knew him. But there is a little
cabal or clique of three or four men in Pitts-
burg, in the district of my colleague, [Mr.
Moorhead,] who cannot control twenty votes
in any ward or borough in the State, brought
this influence, with the aid of leading Demo-
crats, to bear on the President; and I now
make the prediction that notwithstanding that
attempt to break down my colleague in his own
district by removing some of his purest and
best friends, he will come back here to the
next Congress with as large a majority as he
ever had before. Those few men, "sore-
heads" we call them there, are men who al-
ways want offices from any party that has
them to give. I hope the President will deem
it proper and right to withdraw the name he
proposed for marshal from the Senate. I am
certain the President has been deceived in
regard to that man, for he would not inflict
such injustice on his loyal friends in western
Pennsylvania—men who sustained him so cor-
dially and so effectively.
I have always been treated kindly by the
President personally, and always expect to be.
When he makes a mistake he allows me to refer
to it. And if I make a mistake I am willing
that he should refer to it, if-he does not do it
in a speech on the 2'2d day of some month.
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I had not the slightest
intention when I came here to-day of saying
one word of what I have said. I have a speech
here on the tariff, and on the subject of protec-
tion to wool. You told me thatl could not get
the floor next Saturday, but that I might get in
a speech to-day, if I would hurry up and get it
ready. So I went home yesterday, and being
a hard-working man I sat up late last night
and got up early this morning, and about con-
cluded my preparations for a speech to-day on
the tariff.
Now, I represent a district that is more in-
terested in wool-growing than any other district
in the country, not even excepting that repre-
sented by my friend fx'om Iowa, [Mr. Grin-
nell,] who has shown so much interest in
wool this session. And I believe my own
county has more and better sheep than any
other county in the country. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I have been charged by
the people in my district with having had so
much to do with another kind of wool that was
not so popular, that I thought I would go for
another kind that the people are more willing
to have.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Repre-
senting a district which has such a deep interest
in the subject, I thought I would be justified in
saying a few words in favor of protecting wool.
When this political subject came up I was
led into speaking upon it, and I have said more
than I had intended to do. I have this speech
here on wool and tariff, but I feel some hesita-
tion in boring the House with it, for it is a dry
speech, full of statistics and figures.
Mr. SMITH. I move that the gentleman
have leave to print his wool speech instead of
the one he has made. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to that arrangement.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I do
not know that the speech I have mad'e now
will appear very well in print. But I am sure
the speech of my colleague to-day [Mr. Ran-
dall] will not compare very well with his
former record.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Lawrence] should
not publish his speech of to-day we should
lose Clymer's speech ; and I should not want
to lose that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the
reporters of the Globe have already taken
down his speech of to-day.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I have
been led off on this political question. But I
want it distinctly understood that I intended
only to get in this wool speech to-day. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the gentle-
man have leave to print his wool speech.
Mr. SMITH. Certainly; that is right.
No objection was made, and leave was
accordingly granted. [The speech will be pub-
lished in the Aj>pendix.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I have
kept very quiet this session, as members very
well know. I thought it most prudent in a new
member not to mix up in these political dis-
cussions. But I felt it to be a duty that I owed
to the people I represent to speak on this ques-
tion of protection for wool. I have presented
petitions with more than ten thousand names
asking Congress to give them increased protec-
tion on wool. I have been, with others, be-
fore the Committee of Ways and Means on this
subject, and I will say to the country that we
believe the committee have agreed to report
just what the wool-growers desire on that
subject.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will go on with this speech and
let us have the other in print.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I have
little more to say, as my time is nearly out. I
wish now to say, in addition to what I have
said, that I am willing to trust the future of
this great nation to the Union party which has
done so much for the country. When a party
is held together: and actuated by an honest
desire to perpetuate the greatest good for the
greatest number, you cannot • by these side
issues and by executive patronage corrupt it
and lead it away from the path of duty.
Sir, the people do not forget the amount of
blood and treasure that they have spent during
the last four or five years. They do not expect
this Congress to proceed in the work of recon-
struction upon a policy which would lose to the
loyal people of the country all that they have
gained in the late contest. And this Congress
will be sustained as far as they are right.
The members of the Union party have been
slandered and vilified and denounced all over
the country; but, sir, I venture to say that this
Congress comprises a body of men as honest
and as faithful to the interests of the country
as any men who ever sat in this Hall. Sir, we
are assailed, not because we are partisans, but
because we stand together as men loving jus-
tice, standing up for the right.
In the coming contest in Pennsylvania the
Union party will be sustained. My colleague
over the way [Mr. Randall] knows that the
contest promises to be as bitter as any that we
have ever had in that State.' He knows how
loyal the people of that Commonwealth are.
He knows that Pennsylvania gave to the aid of
the Government as many soldiers, and more,
perhaps, in proportion to her population than
any other State in the Union. He knows that
the great heart of that giant State—it has some-
times been called the blind giant—has always
beaten in unison with the highest and best
interests of the country. And I tell him that
on the night of the second Tuesday of October
next we will send up from western Pennsylva-
nia a voice which will convince him that the
people have not forgotten the record of Heister
Ctymer. They have not forgotten the fact,
which the legislative journals prove, that he
uniformly voted against securing to the soldiers
in the field the elective franchise; and in a
public speech he boasted of having done so.
In my presence he voted over and over again
against every proposition calculated to assist
and sustain the State and the nation in the late
struggle. He has been a most consistent friend
of Vallandigham and William B. Reed, and
that class of men all over the country ; and he
is a fit representative to-day of the Democratic
party. He is a friend of Woodward, who as
judge of the supreme court made a decision
against the constitutionality of the conscription
law, and who, because of that decision and one
against enfranchising the soldiers of the State,
was nominated by the Democratic party for
Governor.
Mr. Speaker, I say that when the people of
Pennsylvania come to look at the record of the
Democratic candidate for Governor in my State,
not only on these questions relating to the war,
but on other questions, they will repudiate him.
The Union party in that State, as members of
this House are aware, have nominated a can-
didate without reference to his political opin-
ions; a man who did once act with the Demo-
cratic party. We expect to elect him, and we
will elect him. I can assure you the people are
honest and well-informed and will stand by the
country, and the truest, best friends of the coun-
try, and all will be well. Now, I will not detain
the House longer. Not a word on this question
which I have said did I intend to say when I
came into this House. I now yield the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I did not in-
tend when I came here to-day to participate in
this debate, nor did I expect when I came here
to be entertained with debate of the character
