1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
farms and schools; to hear their complaints;
to ascertain whether all the stipulations of
treaties are kept, and whether all moneys,
goods, and supplies are faithfully and justly
applied and distributed; to examine into the
books, accounts, and manner of doing business
of the superintendents and agents within their
respective districts; to make diligent inquiry
into the conduct of the officers and employes
of the Indian department, and into the conduct
of the military forces toward the Indians, with
power to summon witnesses, and by the aid of
the military to compel their attendance; each
member of the board being authorized to ad-
minister oaths; and the board is to be au-
thorized to suspend for cause any officer or
employ^ of the Indian department in their
respective districts, subject to the approval of
the President. The board is to report annually,
or as often as may be required,^ to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and.in all eases of
suspension from office, by the board, of a*ly
officer or employe of the Indian department,
the board is to make immediate report thereon
in writing, stating the cause thereof, for the
action of the President. _ All superintendents
of Indian affairs, all Indian agents, and these
chief inspectors, in addition to the powers con-
ferred by law, are also to possess all the powers
and perform all the duties now conferred by
law upon circuit court commissioners or court
commissioners in all cases or matters wherein
any Indian tribe, or any member of any Indian
tribe, shall be concerned or be a party. In all
matters or proceedings wherein any Indian
tribe, or member of an Indian tribe, shall be
concerned or be a party, the testimony of In-
dian witnesses is to be received in all courts
and before all officers of the United States.
The salaries of all Indian agents who reside in
Ihe Indian country upon reservations or among
the Indians of their agency are hereafter to be
fixed at the sum of $1,800 per annum. No
member of these boards of inspectors, during
his continuance in office, is in any manner
whatever to become engaged in any business
connected with trade or intercourse with In-
dian tribes, or with any member of any Indian
tribe, or become in any manner interested
therein ; and upon entering upon the discharge
of their official duties they are to take the oath
of office now prescribed by law.
Mr. IIAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will allow me to make a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire first to make
an amendment in the second section, so as to
make the bill more definite in relation to the
military officer detailed as inspector. The
closing words of that section now are, "the
officer detailed to act as inspector shall serve
without additional pay or allowance as such."
I move to add these words: "inspector, but
shall be entitled to the same pay, mileage, and
allowances as when employed in the military
service."
Mr. CONNESS. This is an important amend-
ment, and the bill is really on important bill.
I do not know that 1 can vote for it. It deserves
a great deal of consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Evidently the Senate
is in no condition to consider a bill of this kind
to-night, and ns there is a necessity for a short
executive session, I move that the Senate do
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 16, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXTRA PAY OF OFFICERS.
Mr. HAYES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution extending the opera-
tion of section four of an act making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1866, passed March 3, 1865;
which was reaid a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Whereas a difference of opinion and a conflict of
views exist between the Secretary of the Treasury
and'the Comptroller of the Currency, which hftvc
assumed a shape calculated to injure the financial
interests of tho country: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That a committee of three members
of this House be appointed to investigate the cause
of the difference, and report to the House.
Mr. ROSS. I object. I think that it ought
to be referred to the Finance Committee.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman's colleague yes-
terday requested me to introduce such a reso-
lution, and I have done so.
Mr. ROSS. I must insist on my objection.
STEAMERS I'&OJl CHARLESTON TO LIVERPOOL.
Mr. KELSO, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the ports
of Charleston, South Carolina, and Liverpool,
by the way of Kingston, Great Britain ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE OF STEAMSHIP ILLINOIS.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to report to this House the facts jn relation to the
purchase of tho steamship Illinois; also, the names
of the appraisers appointed by the Quartermaster
General and tho Secretary of War.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire what disposition should be made
of tho publications called Annals of Congress, de-
posited by Gales & Seaton under an alleged contract
with the House, and determine whether (he same or
any part of them should be returned; and if any por-
tion of them should be retained, to state atwhat price,
andrepoit thereou.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE GRANTED.
On motion of Mr. TRIMBLE, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. Shankxin.
FULLER VERSUS DAWSON.
Mr. DAWES presented papers in the Penn-
sylvania contested-election case of Fuller vs.
Dawson; which were referred to the Commitee
of Elections.
SIOUX INDIANS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Indian Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of concen-
trating the different bands of Dakota or Sioux In-
dians upon one reservation, there either partially or
wholly to be governed by municipal laws suited to
their condition, and furnished with partial subsist-
ence until by cultivating the soil and raising stock
said Indians shall beeomeself-sustaining.
POST ROUTE IN IDAHO.
Mr. HOLBROOK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to establish a post route from
Idaho City to Rocky Bar, in the Territory of
Idaho; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
SURVEYOR GENERAL, IDAHO.
Mr. HOLBROOK, by unafiimous consent,
also introduced a bill to create the office^ of
surveyor general in Idaho Territory; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
COLORADO LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. BRADFORD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill in relation to the Colorado
land district; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
JOIST RESOLUTIONS OF OREGON.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Oregon ; which were ordered to
be printed, and referred as indicated below:
Joint resolution in relation to the establish-
ment of a port of entry at Portland, Oregon—
to the Committee on Commerce. _ _ .
Joint resolution in relation to the provisional
government debt—to the Committee of Claims.
Joint resolution in relation to a daily mail
roilte to the Territory of Idaho—to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
WILLIAM TOWNSEND.
" Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a hill for the relief of Wil-
liam .Townsend; whieh was read a first and
sccond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
CHARLES P. COOK, AND OTHERS.
Mr. J ULIAN, from the Committee on Pub- *
lie Lands, made an adverse report on the case
of Charles P. Cook, and others; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
LOCATION OF LANDS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back Senate bill
No. 36, quieting doubts in relation to the valid-
ity of certain locations of lands in the State of
Missouri, made by virtue of certificates issued
under the act of Congress of February 17,1815,
with amendments.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
locations of lands in the State of Missouri, pur-
porting to have been made by virtue of certifi-
cates issued under the act of Congress, ap-
proved February 17, 1815, entitled "An act for
the relief oft the inhabitants of the late county
of New Madrid, in the Missouri Territory, who
suffered by earthquakes," which are invalid in
eonscquence of having been made or located
after the expiration of the time specified bylaw
for making said locations, shall be, and the
same are hereby declared to be, as valid and
as binding as if the said locations had been
made and fully completed within the time pre-
scribed by law, provided said locations shall be
according to law in all other respects ; but the
foregoing provisions are not to apply to, com-
prehend, include, or extend to any land -within
township forty-fi've, north of the base line, in
range seven, east of the fifth principal meridian
line in said State of Missouri.
It further provides that the United States do
grant, relinquish, and convey, in fee-simple,
and in full property, to James Y. O'Carroll, or
his legal representatives, all of the right, title,
and interest of the United States in and to all
of the land within survey No. 2498, in township
forty-five, north of the base line in range seven,
east of the fifth principal meridian line, in the
State of Missouri, being the same land that was
located by virtue of certificate No. 150, issued to
the said James Y. O' Carroll, or his legal repre-
sentatives, under the act of Congress approved
February 17,1815, entitled "An act for the relief
of the inhabitants of the late county of New
Madrid, in the Missouri Territory, who suffered
by earthquakesprovided,however, thatnoth-
ing in this section shall grant, relinquish, or
convey the whole or any part of any lot, tract,
piece, or parcel of land in said township, which
has been heretofore confirmed by the United
States to any person or persons, or to the legal
representatives of any person of persons; and
provided further, that nothing in this section
shall in any manner abridge, divest, impair,
injure, or prejudice any valid adverse right,
