1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2411
of that indulged in by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ingbrsoll.] indeed, I should not
now say anything did I not feel it was my duty,
when a man holding a high official position in
the United States, the highest within the gift
of the people, is assailed in his personal, po-
litical, and national character, as a Represent-
ative of the people to sustain him in the prin-
ciples which he has enunciated, and which I
believe to be the true Union principles of the
country. Nor do I, in the remarks I intend to
make, expect to indulge in any loose charges
against those who represent the Republican
or so-called Union party. Iam not ready to
believe that the rank and file of that party
are disloyal to their country, nor am I willing
yet to believe that those eighteen hundred
thousand men who supported George B. Mc-
Clellan in 1864 were disloyal to the country and
wished to accomplish its ruiu and to establish
a despotism in place of the free Government
which descended to us from our forefathers.
But while I support the doctrine of the Presi-
dent of the United States with the rank and
file of the Democratic party, it is from the fact
that the doctrine he has enunciated now, and
the doctrine lie has always enunciated, is the
doctrine of constitutional liberty, which is the
very life and soul of our form of Government,
without which the light of liberty would go out
and we would sink into despotism. I take the
ground here, and without fear of successful
contradiction, that Andrew Johnson has not
violated any principle he ever enunciated, that
he acts to-day under the solemn obligations of
the oath which he has taken to support the Con-
stitution in all its integrity, that he has betrayed
no principle or party, and that his only ambi-
tion and his only hope are to sustain this great
and glorious Union in the pristine vigor which
it had before the war commenced.
I am ashamed, sir, at the situation which
affairs have taken in this country. I weep in
silent sorrow that a Representative of the Uni-
ted States Congress should get the attention of
this House and countryin vilifying and abusing
as true and noble a patriot as ever stood up in
any country in defense of its imperiled exist-
ence; a man, sir, who left the Senate of the
United States in response to the call of his coun-
try ; a man who, although southern-born, still
imbued with the teachings of the fathers of the
Republic, stood with those lovers of his coun-
try whose blood has been so freely shed upon
southern soil j. a man who has been identified
with the Unionists of the South from thecom-
mencement, and whose defense of our flag,
emblematic of the principles of constitutional
freedom, made him the envy and admiration of
all civilized nations. Yes, sir, he left the Sen-
ate of the United States for the purpose of
vindicating the founders of his country, and to
stand by the principles embodied and set forth
in the Declaration of Independence and the
Constitution of the United States. Sir, I would
not degrade this House so much as to descend
to the position which has been taken here to-
day by the honorable gentleman from Illinois
in vilifying, abusing, traducing, and slandering
as noble a patriot as ever lived upon the face
of this earth.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
refers to the present President having left the
Senate of the United States. When he left
the Senate he did it to take possession of the
office tendered to him by President Lincoln ;
that of military governor of the State of Ten-
nessee. I wish to ask the gentleman from New
Jersey whether he indorsed the act of Presi-
dent Lincoln in appointing a military Gov-
ernor for Tennessee? If he did not, did he
indorse the acceptance of that office on the
part of Mr. Johnson?
Mr. ROGERS. I have no hesitation in
saying that the appointment of military gov-
ernors in time of war, when the civil tribu-
nals could not perform their functions in the
Union, was constitutional under the right to
raise and support armies, repel invasions and
suppress insurrections, and that when Abra-
ham Lincoln appointed Andrew Johnson as
military governor he did it as Commander-in-
Chief under military law. And I am here to
sustain the appointments of military governors
under those circumstances, whether appointed
by Abraham Lincoln or Andrew Johnson, as
an element of military power when the nation
is soughtto be torn asunder by rebels in arms,
as a necessary element of military power to
sustain the flag and to defend the country.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Thegentlemanfrom
New Jersey evidently misapprehended my ques-
tion. I asked him whether he, at the time Mr.
Lincoln performed that act, indorsed it.
Mr. ROGERS. I say this: that I never had
anything to say about it, that I know of, either
publicly or privately,in any way whatever. But
I never doubted the right of a military com-
mander in a military district where hostilities
existed and the flag of the country was being
assailed by armed invasion, to use the mili-
tary power within those military lines. And I
say I have always indorsed, and do now indorse,
the act of Abraham Lincoln in appointing mil-
itary governors within the lines of the military
operations.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
occupies a somewhat conspicuous position in
the Democratic party, and inasmuch as he says
that at that time he has r.o recollection of hav-
ing uttered any word of indorsement or disap-
proval as an individual, I would ask him whether
the party with which he then acted and now
acts indorsed the acceptance of office by Andrew
Johnson.
Mr. ROGERS. I say, sir, as a party, you
can nowhere find in any State, county, or town-
ship an instance where the Democratic party
ever denounced Abraham Lincoln for the exer-
cise of military power within a State while the
people of that State were arrayed in insurrec-
tion against the Government, and where civil
law could not prevail.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I believe that the
speech which was read at the desk a few mo-
ments ago, made by Mr. Clymer, the Demo-
cratic candidate for Governor of Pennsylvania,
does distinctly denounce the action of Mr. Lin-
coln in making that appointment, and denounces
the acceptance of it by Mr. Johnson. Now, I
would like to ask the gentleman whether that
utterance of Mr. Clymer at that time was not
in harmony with the views and position of the
Democratic party.
Mr. ROGERS. As to the utterance made
by Heister Clymer I have no knowledge, and
I am free to say that so far as my knowledge
extended the party indorsed no such senti-
ments as are attributed to Mr. Clymer, but
there is no proof that he ever uttered them
except the assertion of an abolition sheet. And
let me say further, that the Democratic party,
with its eighteen hundred thousand voters in
the North, and representing millions of women
and children, is not to be bound down by the
idle or loose declarations of any man, any more
than the honorable gentleman would wish to
have the whole Republican party bound down
by the declaration of Wendell Phillips when
he said that he had been a disunionist for thirty
years, or of Horace Greeley when he held out
an invitation to the southern people to secede.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I presume when
that question was pending in the Senate of
Pennsylvania that the Democratic party was
represented in the persons of the Democratic
Senators. Now, I ask whether that party
thus represented did not sustain Heister Cly-
mer by voting to refuse the use of the hall for
the purpose of having that address made by
Mr. Johnson.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir; that was no in-
dorsement of what Mr. Clymer said at all, any
more than voting upon a proposition brought
forward by a man is an indorsement of his
speech made on that proposition. The Sena-
tors had a right to refuse the use of that Hall
to anybody for a public meeting; and simply
because those Senators who represented the
Democratic party saw fit to past their votes in
accordance with the proposition of Mr. Clymer,
it by no means follows as a fair conclusion that
they indorsed all the language he is charged by
that sheet to have used on that occasion.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Allow
me to ask if Mr. Clymer has not been reelected
to the Senate by the same people, and also
renominated for Governor, since he made that
utterance.
Mr. RO GERS. That may all be; but because
he was reelected it is no evidence that the peo-
ple who voted for him indorsed all he has said.
I have no doubt that we have said many things
on this floor and elsewhere that all our con-
stituents do not indorse ; and I will guaranty
there is not a member here whose whole con-
stituents will indorse all he has said. Will any
one undertake to say, for instance, that all the
Republicans of the district that send to this
body the gentleman who says he regards the
States lately in rebellion as conquered prov-
inces will indorse that utterance of the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens ?J
It is most unfair to undertake to make a
great party responsible for what a few indi-
viduals may say. Because some men in the
Democratic party may be unwise, that ought
not to consign the Democratic party and its
great doctrines to the tomb, even if the party
should happen to support some of those men
for official position.
I know there are members of the other side
of the House, and I can pick them out, who
often support measures advocated by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] and yet disagree with him in the
reasons by which he has reached his conclu-
sions upon the subjects. I know from having
had private conversations with them, and from
hearing their speeches upon this floor, that this
is the case. There are some of them who hold
that the States are out of the Union, are dead
for all political purposes; others hold1 that
they are States in the Union, but without the
right of representation. But there are some
who hold with theDemoeraticparty, that those
States are entitled to immediate representation
upon their representatives taking the oath pre-
scribed by the Constitution and the laws, yet
they all vote together when the test comes.
Now, to charge a whole party with the re-
sponsibility of the acts of Mr. Yallandigham,
or anybody else, is uncharitable and unjust to
the eighteen hundred thousand men in the
North, many of whom had periled their lives
in defense of their country, who voted for
George B. McClcllan for President of the
United States. I say without fear of contra-
diction that the records of the Democratic
party, from a period coeval with the formation
of our Government, show that their doctrines
and principles brought us to a state of pros-
perity unequaled in the annals of history.
And only when the last generations of mankind
have been gathered to the silent tomb will the
principles they have always maintained and
advocated cease to exist. And I am not to be
driven from my honest convictions of duty by
any denunciations oftheparty to which I belong,
or by calling them traitors and disunionists.
Sir, Andrew Johnson is pursuing now just
exactly the course he has always advocated.
You cannot find in the Baltimore platform,
upon which Abraham Lincoln was nominated
and elected as President and Andrew Johnson
as Vice President of the United States, one
single word which 'contradicts what he now
seeks to carry out. Will you call Andrew
Johnson a traitor and disunionist because he
wants the union of the whole country? What
was the object of the bloody war from which
we have just emerge.d? Why were a million
men killed, maimed, and wounded upon the
field of battle, and 88,000,000,000 of Fed-
eral and $1,500,000,000 of State debt imposed
upon the country? Why have weeping and
sorrow and anguish been carried to almost
every home in this broad land ? It was because
we desired to perpetuate the Union which our
forefathers established and handed down to us
for the protection and defense of the white men
and the white women of this land.
