1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
-the proposed amendment which will prohibit []
the State of South Carolina, or any other State, j|
from inserting in the law regulating suffrage j|
a provision that no person shall vote who has
ever hitherto been a slave,, and thus deprive
those who have been slaves, and who have been
emancipated, from voting?
Mr. JENCKES. That is another ground of
discrimination in addition to those which have
been already proposed. The proposed amend-
ment does not prohibit discrimination arising
upon quality or condition.
' I was alluding to another one. Some of the
-southern States, up to the breaking out of the
war, had constitutions which prescribed a prop-
erty qualification. Suppose this amendment
■were adopted and the State of South Carolina
chose to annul the constitution recently pro-
claimed and to go back to that of 1790, and that
the word "white'' should be stricken out of it,
I desire to ask how many freedmen, how many
persons of African descent can be found who
own in fee fifty acres of land or a town lot, or
who have paid a tax of three shillings sterling.
As far as I can ascertain from the statistics
there would not be, if that constitution were
restored and the word "white" omitted, over
five hundred additional qualified voters in that
State.
What sort of a community would that be?
Since the basis of representation has been in-
creased by emancipation every person of Afri-
can descent would count in ascertaining the
number of Representatives to this House. She
would have an increased representation upon
this floor and a diminished voting constituency.
The same persons who carried that Sfate into
the'rebellion, and urged secession on her sister
States,would still select the Representatives by
continuing to hold control in their elections.
They would establish more firmly than ever the
aristocracy of landholders. There would be an
oligarchy which it would be impossible for us to
overthrow.
Mr. Speaker, ever since the adoption of the
constitution of 1790 down to the time of firing
on Fort Sumter. South Carolina was in practi-
cal relation to this Government as a State of this
Union. She had been considered as having a
republican form of government, and that which
we had guarantied as such for many years we
would be bound to guaranty to her hereafter.
Stronger than ever this oligarchy would be en-
throned upon their old seat of power, not upheld
merely by slaves beneath it, but by the power of
the General Government above ami around it.
She might make any of the discriminations
which T have suggested, of age, ot residence,
-of previous servitude, and of ignorance or pov-
erty.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question? "Whether it
would not be competent, in his judgment, for
the State of South Carolina, if this amendment
.is adopted,to discriminate against and exclude
from the polls all Union men who had given aid
and comfort to the United States.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman has just
anticipated me. If the loyal States have the
power (and they have exercised it) to exclude
rebels, certainly South Caralina, after she has
been thus reconstructed, restored, and strength-
ened in the Union, would have a right to exclude
all those who hadnot followed her fortune in the
rebellion.
It is not necessary to follow out this line ot
illustra tion any further. It must be apparent to
all who hear me.
Mr. COOK. Can the gentleman say how-
many would be excluded under that rule?
Mr. JENCKES. Very few in South Caro-
lina ; in other States perhaps many. As to how
it would operate in i cnnessce and Louisiana,
perhaps the gentleman trom Massachusetts'[ Mi,
Baxks] can give us information. Many would
be excluded'there. _
If this amendment should be adopted u w oula
be hailed with delight in every State lately in re-
bellion. And if the gentleman lrom Reuiisytya-
nia [Mr. Stevexs] will be satisfied with having
the ratification ofnineteen States, the firsteieveu
thatwould do it would be those which have just !
laid down their arms. This amendment would i
be bailed with a shout of joy in every rebel-
lious Legislature. They would immediately set
to work and reform their constitutions, exclud- '
ing not only those of African descent from the !
polls, but also freemen who had continued on i
the side of the Union during the war. This !
amendment would be read with sorrow and
regret throughout the world by all that sympa-
thized with republican institutions, and if car-
ried into practical effect, it would be met with
the loud indignation of our constituents, the
scornful derision of our enemies, and the inex-
tinguishable laughter of the friends of aristoc-
racy and oligarchy among all the nations of the
world.
Mr. LB BLOND obtained the floor.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the gentleman to
yield mo the floor for a little while.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Speaker, Iam exceed-
ingly gratified at the disposition that has been
manifested among the party in opposition here,
by reason of their own differences of opinion,
to allow an opportunity to us to present our
objections to the measure now under consider-
ation. This subject of amending the Constitu-
tion underwhich we have lived so long, so happi-
ly, and so prosperously, is one of great moment;
and while 1 have some confidence in the ability
and capacity of some of the friends on the op-
posite side to make a constitution, yet I prefer
the Constitution as made by our fathers eighty
years ago. And upon the question now before
the House of amending that sacred instrument,
i beg of the gentlemen to pause and reflect upon
the consequences involved in this act upon the
people in every section of this great country.
Why urge through with such precipitate haste
a matter affecting so greatly the people in this
counlrynowand hereafter, from ocean to ocean,
from Maine to the Rio Grande?
Sir, this amendment is to operate for weal or
for woe upon a people who have been lalely in
rebellion againsttlie Constitution of the United
Slates : who have no voice here to-day to plead
for them, because their rights and privileges
upon this floor are denied them. Wouldituot
be well, would it not be in the spuit ot har-
mony and concession, a spiiit, too, that has to
some extent characterized the action of parties
before in power throughout this whole conflict,
to wait before they pass this amendment until
that people can bo heard upon this floor?
Mr. LYNCH, Will the gentleman yield for
a moment?
Mr. TRIMBLE. For what purpose?
Mr. LYNCH. To ask a question.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 want to ask the gentleman,
wli3T do not the men he is speaking for have the
privilege of being on this floor? Vi hy are they
not here now?
Mr. TRIMBLE. 1 will answer. They have
the right, m my judgment, under the Constitu-
tion, to be here. Many of them are now about
this Capitol with the broad seal o( their States
now in the hands of a committee ol this House,
giving thein authority and power to take seats
on this floor, as much as you and I or any one
else: bat they are kept out by the voiee ot this
House.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman misapprehends
mv question. It is, by whoso iault they ai e not
hereto-day.
Mr. TRlMTYi -T5. By whose fault.? V, hy, it
is because the doors oi thi> House are clo.^eu
against them by the pa>'ty in pen','er.
Mr. LYNCH. Does it not go further back
than that?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I do not propose to go
farther back. [Laughier.] I hope the gentle-
man is satisfied.
Mr. LYNCH. I am.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Why, sir, do you keep Mr.
Maynard out ? Why do you keep Colonel Stokes
out"? Why do you keep out my distinguished
friend, Mr. Cooper, and other gentlemen from
Tennessee, whose loyalty no man in Tennessee
has ever dared to question ? I pause for a reply
from the gentleman. He propounded a ques-
tion to me, and 1 ans« ered it. 1 now ask him,
why do you keep these loyul men out?
jfr. LYNCH. What is the question?
Mr. TRIMBLE. The question is, why Mr.
Mavnard. Colonel Stokes. Governor Campbell,
Colonel Cooper, Colonel Hawkins, and these
other gentlemen who have been engaged in the
cause of the Union, fighting the battles of the
Union throughout the war, are kept from their
seats upon this floor as Representatives from
Tennessee?
Mr. LYNCH. Does the gentleman know
why poor dog Tray suffered? [Laughter.]
Mr. TRIMBLE. Yes, sir; but I trust the
gentleman does not intend by that remark to
stigmatize these distinguished and gallant men
by saying they were in bad company and mu3t
bear the consequences. They were fighting for
the Union, and are entitled to the considera-
tion of the House. They were in company with
the President of the United States, and Colonel
Hawkins was under fire at Charleston for sixty
long days. That was very bad company!
Sir, I am opposed to this amendment, and to
all kindred amendments, and I have no hesi-
tancy in saying, upon this occasion, that 1 ex-
pect, while 1 remain true to myself and to the
Constitution of my fathers, which 1 have so
often sworn to support, to continue to oppose
the submission of all such amendments to the
people.
In my opinion, the amendment proposed is in
violation of the reserved rights of the people of
the States under that instrument. The object
and purpose of this resolution is to enfranchise
a million men in this country whom no politi-
cal party in this country ever had tlmboldness
to propose the enfranchisement of prior to the
present session of Congress. I remember that
in 18C0 and 1801 the party known in this coun-
try as the Union party took the ground, from
one end of the country to the other, that neither
Congress nor the people of the States had the
power, under the Constitution ot the United
States, to interfere with slavery in the States
where it existed; much less, sir, did they claim
the power not. only to destroy it, but to strike
down the provisions of the Constitution that
protected me and my constituents in our right
to our propei ty. Sir, there was an amendment
submitted then for the purpose of peace, for the
purpose of restoring peace and quiet through-
out the country. It met at the lime my hearty
support, and I regret from the bottom of ray
heart that the people, North, South, East, and
West, did notagree to that proposition and make
it part and parcel of the Constitution. I refer
to the amendment proposed in 1801, declaring
that Congress should never thereafter interfere
with the question of slavery in the States.
Now, sir, what is the proposition presented
here and to the country? Why do not gentlemen
come out and slate it boldly I Power is txie
impelling motive with these men, and all these
propositions of amendment to the Constitution
enfranchising the negroes look to the securing
of power, they admit that it is an experiment ;
they admit that it has been heretofore untried,
and thev cannot say here or to the country what
will be the result of the experiment. N hy will
you, wy iVkiiidis, upon a matter oi fo rnuch im-
portance. atfc-otins your interests and my m-
tere>ts and t.lie interest?, I trust, of eomina gen-
eration- through all time-why will you imperil
this Government, which has been the wonder
and admiration of the world, by enfranchising
these persons whom you have by your power
and numbers made free, but whom you have u\
your own solemn acts declared incompetent to
it maw even matters of the smallest concern
affecting themselves? Why, sir, we have a
Freedmen's Bureau extending tluoughuut this
vast country. North and South, which shows
that you iegard these people as incompetent
and unqualified to make e\en contracts tor a
few weeks' work! 'That bureau costs this Gov-
ernment about twelve million dollars annually.
Sir. these cceiitlcmen blow hot and eold m the
stablish
same breath. When they want to cs
negro suffrage in thi« District, they say thatthese
