3372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
"this act" and to insert "the provisions of
law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 93, line two
thousand and seventy-one, I move to strike out
the words "this act" and to insert "law," and
that the same amendment be made in line two
thousand and eighty-two.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 96, line twenty-
one hundred and fifty-nine, I move to strike
out the words " this act" and to insert "law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 79, line seven-
teen hundred and twenty-one, I move to strike
out the words "taxed by this act" and insert
" upon which a tax is imposed by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid aside temporarily to enable the
Chair to receive a message from the House of
Representatives.
deatii of hon. james humphrey.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. McPherson,
its Clerk:
Mr. President, X am directed by the House of Rep-
resentatives to eommnnicate to the Senate informa-
tion of tho death of Hon. James Humphrey, late a
Representative from tho State of New York, and the
proceedings of tho House thereon.
The resolutions of the House of Represent-
atives were read.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, if the fre-
quency of the messages that have been com-
municated to us since the commencement of
this session, that another member of Congress
is dead, shall serve to remind us of the uncer-
tainty of human life and to prepare us for the
divine injunction, "Be ye also ready," then as
these tidings are made known our grief should
bo assuaged and our sorrow lessened.
Hon. James Humphrey, a member of the
House of Representatives from the third con-
gressional district of the State of New York,
died suddenly at his residence in Brooklyn,
county of Kings, on Saturday, the 16th instant,
in the fifty-fifth year of his age. For several
years he had been more or less an invalid, and
many times his attacks had endangered his life.
He was a son of the late Rev. Heman Hum-
phrey, for many years president of Amherst
College, and he possessed the fine mind for
which his father was distinguished—a mind
corresponding, in the delicacy of its tastes and
the elegance of its culture, with his sensitive
physical organization, and the peculiar grace
of his manners.
'fie was born in Fairfield county, Connecti-
cut, in 1S11, and graduated at Amherst College
when but nineteen years of age, and imme-
diately commenced his legal studies at Yale
College law school. From that institution he
removed to New York, and became a student
in tho law office of the late Setli P. Staples.
After his admission to tho bar he married
and removed to Louisville, Kentucky, where
he practiced his profession successfully until
1838, when he removed his law office to the
city of New York and his residence to Brook-
lyn. He soon secured a large business, and be-
came actively identified with the leading com-
mercial and corporate interests of the city of
New York, and was the legal adviser of the
best merchants and bankers in that city, all of
whom ever reposed in him the most implicit
confidence. As a lawyer he was distinguished
for his learning, candor, fairness, and clear-
ness of thought, and he invariably gave satis-
faction to his clients. He possessed a rare fac-
ulty of attaching men to him, and was always
faithful to every tie of fiiendly or political rela-
tionship. In common with so many of our
public men who have gained honorable posi-
tions and been of service to the State, his first
active occupation was that of a teacher. The
first public office that he held was that of alder-
man of Brooklyn, next -that of counsel -to the
corporation, and in both relations he sustained
the same high character he had ever borne.
In 1858 he was chosen to the Thirty-Sixth
Congress, where he discharged his duties in a
highly creditable manner. He was again a
candidate for Congress in 1860, but was not
elected. His successful opponent at that elec-
tion was the late Hon. Moses F. Odcll, whose
decease was announced only three days pre-
vious to the decease of Mr. Humphrey. ^ In
1864 he was chosen to a seat in the Thirty-
Ninth or present Congress, and in the summer
of 1865 he visited Europe, hoping to benefit
his impaired health from the celebrated springs
at Wiesbaden. But the result of his visit was
not favorable, and he had determined to with-
draw from public life at the end of his pres-
ent term in Congress.
Mr. Humphrey was not a frequent speaker
in Congress, but he never failed to speak di-
rectly for the object he sought to accomplish,
and few were more careful in all matters of
legislation, or better understood or were more
attentive to the requests of their constituents.
Mr. President, our colleagues and associates
in this and in the other branch of Congress die,
and prompted by duty or affection or both, we
rise in our places and speak to their memory.
I sometimes think that we are too ready to omit
all reference to their defects of character, lim-
iting our language to that which is universally
acknowledged to be good and deserving of
praise. What-we really need on these occa-
sions is a truthful record of the lives and con-
duct of public men, that their example maybe
followed in all that is worthy of emulation, and
be avoided in all that is otherwise.
My late colleague in the House of Repre-
sentatives, whose untimely deccase we mourn
to-day, was greatly respected and honored by
all who had the pleasure of being personally
acquainted with him. He was esteemed as a
man and a Christian, and confided in as a friend.
His delicate health led him to seek a quiet
life ; and he was naturally indisposed to bear
a conspicuous or forward part in legislation
or in business avocations. But I cannot with-
hold my testimony to his elevated moral char-
acter, his scrupulous regard for truth, to his
gentleness of disposition, his refinement, ad-
herence to friends, his loyalty and unswerving
devotion to his country, and to the interests of
humanity and freedom. Although from his
habit of thought and his diffidence he was not
disposed to be prominent as a leader, yet his
convictions were strong'and his judgment clear
and decided. Few felt a more lively interest
in public questions, and at no time that I can
recall during the present session has there
been a debate upon an important question that
Mr. Humphrey was not present, and giving to
it the most profound attention.
I do not suppose that he was devoid of am-
bition ; but I never knew a man whose char-
acter and conduct developed less to excite the
ill will of his associates and rivals. He was
courteous'to his opponents, kind and agreeable
to his companions, and devoted to his friends.
He was never illy spoken of, and I do not
believe he had an enemy; and no man ever
questioned his honor or his integrity. His
were indeed rare virtues, but they were such
as it should be the aim of all to possess. To
Jambs tluiurnREY we may with strict propriety
apply the words—
"None know liim hut to love liim,
Kone named him but to praise."
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That tho Senate receive with sincere
regret the announcement of the death of Hon. James
Humphrey, late a member of tho House of Repre-
sentatives from the third congressional district of
the State oi New York, and tender to the family of
the deceased the assurance of their sympathy with
them under the bereavement they have been called
to sustain.
Eeiolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to transmit to the family of Mr. Humphrey
a certified copy of tho foregoing resolution.
Resolved, That in token of respect for the memory
of the deceased the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted ;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 23, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
surveyor general of iowa and wisconsin.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported back
bill of the House No. 491, to remove the office
of surveyor general of the States of Iowa and
Wisconsin to Plattsmouth, Nebraska.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from the Dubuque district [Mr. Alli-
son] is not now present, nor is the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb,] who is also in-
terested in this bill. I trust the gentleman
will not press it in their absence.
Mr. JULIAN. This bill is acceptable to
them and is entirely unobjectionable. It is
simply a local matter.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
custom-house investigation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to present to the House the
record of an investigation into the accounts
and official transactions of George M. Carleton,
late special agent and acting surveyor of cus-
toms at Memphis, Tennessee. It is in regard
to a transaction in which the Government lost
about half a million dollars. I move that it
be printed and referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency, with authority to that
committee to examine into the whole subject,
to eall for persons and papers, and to report
to the House.
No objection being made, the record was
received and Mr. Washburne's motion was
agreed to.
importation of bones.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I also ask
unanimous consent to present a communica-
tion from the consul of the United Slates at
Beirut, Syria, to the Secretary of State, in rela-
tion to the importation of bones of cattle that
have died of the rinderpest; and I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and printed.
No objection being made, the communication
was received and Mr. Washburne's motion was
agreed to.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Smith,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendments, disagreed to
by the House, to joint resolution (H. R. No.
52) to provide for the expenses attending the
exhibition of the products of industry of the
United States at the Exposition at. Paris in
1867, had agreed to the conference asked by
the House thereon, and had appointed Messrs.
Harris, Cragin, and Guthrie as managers on
the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted on its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 477)
further to provide for the safety of the lives of
passengers on board vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, to regulate the salaries of
steamboat inspectors, and for other purposes,
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House thereon, and had appointed' Messrs.
Chandler, Edmunds, and Nesmith as man-
agers on the part of the Senate.
andrew ten brook.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill forthe relief of Andrew Ten Brook,
late consul at, Munich; which was read a first
and second time and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
