urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
books of the Treasury Department, amounting
to over twelve thousand dollars.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there is any report
I would like to hear it read;
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. The facts upon
which this bill is based are fully se;t forth in
the report.
The report was read.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. From the best
information we have been able to obtain from
the testimony before us, we are satisfied that
the property returned to the Government
amounts to nearly, if not qjiite, the sum
charged against the estate of Mr. Babbitt upon
the books of the Treasury. Since Mr. Babbitt
was killed, his widow has died, leaving five
orphan children. Jf this balance is not remitted
it must be collected from the estate. Under
all these circumstances, the committee are
unanimously of the opinion that the substitute
which they have reported should be passed.
1" now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
E. W. EDDY.
Mr. ANCONA, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
E. W. Eddy, late paymaster of the United
States Army.
The bill was read a first and second time.
11 directs the Treasury Department to credit
the estate of E.,W. Eddy, late paymaster of
the United States Army, with the amount of
$200,000, that being the amount in his charge
and lost by the wreck of the steamer Brother
Jonathan, off the coast of California, on the
30th of July, 1865.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I do not think we
should pass this bill without some explanation
of its necessity or propriety.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania a question. When
I was in California I learned from gentlemen
there that a part of the bonds belonging to the
Government, and which were in the same safe
with the money purporting to have been lost
on this steamer, had been offered for sale in
California^ I want to ask thegentleman whether
the committee have had any evidence of that
kind before them.
Mr. ALCONA. Nothing of that kind was
stated before the committee. The evidence is
directly to the contrary.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I beg pardoth I
find that I am confounding this case with an-
other ease in which a steamer was lost.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask that the report be
read.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
just expired. This bill goes over until next
Friday.
BREVET JIAJOR T. C. BOWLES. '
Mr. IIUBBELL, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the relief of Brevet
Major Theodore C. Bowles, assistant quarter-
master United States volunteers; which was
road a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. HOGAN, by. unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to confirm certain entries of lands
therein named; which %vas read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
ACCOUNTS or POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Treasurer of the United States, transmitting
an account of receipts and expenditures for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1865; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(H. R. No. 358) entitled "An act to amend an
act to extend the charter of the president and
directors of the Firemen's Insurance Company
of Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia;" whereupon the Speaker signed
the same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the .regular order of business.
Mr. KASSON. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw the call, that I may introduce a bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I have no
objection to the introduction of a bill, if it be
simply referred, with the understanding that it
shall not be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. KASSON. I have no objection to that.
COINAGE OF FIVE-CENT PIECES.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the coinage of five-
cent pieces, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be referred
to the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures, with the understanding that it shall
not be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
MESSAGE FItOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the House
of the following titles, namely:
An act (H. R. No. 36) quieting doubts in
relation to the validity of certain locations of
lands in the State of Missouri, made by virtue
of certificates issued under the act of Congress
of February 17, 1815 ; and
An act (H. R. No. 217) for the relief of
Robert Henne.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title : ' 'An act to protect all
persons in thoUnitcd States in their civil rights
and furnish the means of their vindication."
LOAN BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
special order, House bill No. 207, to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide ways and
means to support the Government," approved
March 3, 1865.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Morrill to strike out the following
words:
Provided, That the howls which may he disposed
of elsewhere than in the United States maybe made
payable, both principal and interest, in the coin or
currency of the country in which they are made pay-
able, but shall not bear a rate of interest exceeding
five per cent, per annum.
The SPEAKER. On this bill the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Pike] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MORRILL. With the consent of the
gentleman from Maine, I desire to state that
it is the purpose of the Committee of Ways and
Means to ask for decisive action upon this bill
to-day; and unless the discussion should pre-
viously be exhausted, I shall ask the previous
question either this afternoon or this evening.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
we shall agree to take the vote this afternoon,
so as to avoid the necessity for an evening
session. *
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Vermont, state at what time he intends to claim
the floor to ask the previous question?
Mr. MORRILL. I think about quarter past
four o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. PIKE. I hold in my hand 'an amend-
ment, which, if it be not now in order, I will
offer at a proper time. It is to add to the bill
the following additional proviso:"
Provided further, That except for the purpose of
discharging existing legal obligations, all bonds issued
under and by virtue of this act, or of the act approved
March 3,1865, to which this is additional, shall be
subject to the same State and municipal taxation as
other property of like value.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not in
order at present. An amendment offered yes-
terday by the gentleman' from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] is now pending. Any other amend-
ment, to be in order now, must be in the shape
of an amendment to an amendment, and must
■be germane to the pending amendment.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, in common with
the rest -of the House, I enjoyed exceedingly
on yesterday the strong popular breeze from the
Chicago district. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth] gave us in graphic terms
and in most emphatic manner the opinions of
his constituency upon the pending measures of
finance, and urged upon us all the absolute
necessity of sticking to our constituencies under
any and all circumstances. I hail the distin-
guished gentleman as a most efficient coworker.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I spoke for myself,
and not for anybody else.
Mr.-PIKE. The gentleman, I presumed,
spoke also for his constituency; but if his con- .
stituents do not agree with him it is his concern
and n.ot mine.
The only objection I have ever heard to the
amendment I propose is that it smacks too
much of the constituency. It is said, incor-
rectly I think, to place the interests of the con-
stituency above the interests of the General
Government—if it be possible to separate the
two—and that it contravenes the doctrine that
on all occasions it is proper to subordinate the
interests of the part to the interests of the whole,
and for that reason is objectionable. But the
doctrine of the gentleman from Illinois over-
rides all such objections at once and'makes an
answer unnecessary. I count upon him with
confidence in support of my amendment.
And with equal assurance I reckon upon his
support, ujjon the same principle, of the peo-
ple's paper now afloat. I know that his con-
stituency, like mine, are satisfied with the
"greenback" circulation. They have no desire
for change. They do not wish to swap it off for .
any bank paper, however good. There is not
a man in this country, in the Chicago district
or in mine, or in any other, that prefers the
bank note to the "greenback." All of them,
'• without regard to race or color," are content
with the money to which they have become accus-
tomed and which costs the Government noth-
ing but the expense of making. They do not
believe in the thrift of the bargain which would
exchange this paper for an inferior one, and *
the only boot to be got is the luxury of pay-
ing interest! Certainly the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] cannot countenance
such a scheme as that. He will not desert
his constituency in a matter of such importance.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Does the gentleman
think it is right to pay our soldiers in money
below par when the Government can borrow
money at six per cent, interest?
Mr. PIKE. No. I would have them paid
in the best money in the world, the "green-
backs." I have no idea of paying them in
bank currency when we can give them Govern-
ment notes. I make no attempt to folio w^he
distinguished gentleman in his argument. I
have no quarrel with him on the score of
the evils of a depreciated currency. Con-
gress entered upon the sea of irredeemable
paper knowing the danger of the voyage it was
about to take. It was fully warned by gentle-
men on the other side of the House, as well as
on ours. Vallandigham and his associates ex-
hibited the most intense zeal. We heard then,
as yesterday, a fu}l description of John Law
and the French assignats and mandats, and
the Ifessi§  roubles, and all other paper that
