THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
people are freemen, and qualified to discharge
$he highest privileges of an American citizen;
and the next moment, through their Freedmen's
Bureau, Aey place these people, in my judg-
Bpi^nt, in a condition of slavery the most galling
fcp. .them that they have ever fait. Sir, if they
•aiig.frge.,, withdraw your Freedmen's Bureau,
■^dtreaithis unfortunate people like freemen—
•1<$ iem make tbeir own- contracts.
: Sir, this proposition and all kindred propo-
sitions, in my judgment, are in.,direct opposi-
tion to the plain provisions of the Constitution
-itself, to theireserved righteof the'States, frhich
are sacred,and shonlcktie,- so, regarded by Con-
fess amdithe people.; What are the principles
upon .whiph this Government has rested ? Sir,
this Q-oMemftent'w.as formed by coequal States,
who delegated to tbe General Government all
tfii^.p.O'SiKers necessary and proper to secure the
great end of protecting the general interests of
thie,whole, reserving to the States all powers
not, delegated by the Constitution to the Fed-
eral Government. Why do 1 say this ? Because
it is the language of the Constitution itself. It
declares that—
" The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
aro reserved to the States respectively, or to the peo-
jSe;" ■ - - '
Hence the powers not delegated to the Fed-
eral Government by the States still rest in the
States, and there is no power on earth that can
deprive the States of them. While I say that,
I do not desire to bo understood as defending
the doctrine of secession.
• While I desire to maintain the mnnicipal sov-
ereignty of the States, their inherent and ex-
clusive right to regulate, order, and control their
own domestic affairs, also the right to represent-
ation in Congress according to the Constitution,
I have ever opposed the doctrine of secession,
-When that doctrine was before the country
I opposed it wit hall the power that I possessed,
atld 1 intend to be understood as yielding to
the Federal Government every right and power
■delegated and necessary for her to protect the
States and the people thereof respectively. 1 jet
Her5—the Federal Government—exercise the
;pOWers delegated and peculiar to her, the States
all power ~fiot surrendered to the Gonoral Gov-
ernment by the Constitution. In that way there
will be no question about which any State can
make any complaint, or the rights'of any citizen
eir'State be invaded.
Had there been no violation of the spirit of
the Constitution by the people of the North, in
my judgment there never would have been a
slaveholders' rebellion. But by the acts of those
northern States, in the'passage of personal lib-
erty bill's in violation of the Constitution, these
men wer.e enabled to seize on those unconsti-
tutional acts as pretexts by which to fire the
people of the South and precipitate them into
rebellion; and well,did they work upon their
prejudices for that purpose. In my judgment,
m 1860 and lBfit, in some of the States of the
South, that much-abused section of country,
there was a large majority in favor of the Con-
stitution and the Union; and if they could have
been made to believo that their rights would
have been secure under that Constitution, they
could not have been drawn into revolution.
'What were the issues presented in the South
to the people in I860 and 1861 ? Said the men
who proposed to precipitate the people into
revolution, "Will you stand here and act with
the party in power, with an Administration
selected upon a sectional issue, selected for the
avowed purpose of destroying the South, and
striking down our rights, not only in the Ter-
ritories, but in the District of Columbia, in the
navy-yards and the arsenals, and in the States
themselves?" Maynard, and other men like
him, stood up and said, "Gentlemen, the'object
and purpose of the party in power is to stand
by the Constitution and" by the rights of the
people North and South." They repudiated
this idea, and denied that these were the issues
that were in question.
And what aid Congress then say upon that
puty&u* ? And how different are the acts of the
'minority heru t/^-day from this resolution, which
I will read, expressing the will and pleasure of
Congress in 1861:
" Resolved, That the present deplorable civil war has
been foreed upon the country by the disunionists of
the southern States now in revolt against the consti-
tutional Government, and in arms around the capital!
that in this national emergency Congress banishes all
feelings-of mere passion or resentment andwillrecol-
leetonly its duty to the whole country; that this war is
notwaged upon Our part in any spiritoioppressionnor
for any purpose of conquest or subjugation, nor pur-
pose, of overthrowing or interfering with the rights
or established institutions of those States, but to de-
fend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution
and topreserve the Union with all tho dignity, equal-
ity, and rights of tho several States unimpaired; that
as soon as these obj ects are accomplished the war ought
to cease."
This was the declaration of the Congress of
the United States; it was the declaration of
every political party in this country np to the
contest of 18G4, when 1 believe there was a
party met in convention in Cleveland, which pro-
posed not to have anything to do with the then
distinguished leader of the Republican party—
the Chief Magistrate of the United States. They
proposed at iirst to nominate a candidate upon
the square issue of negro sulfrage in the States.
The convention that assembled in Baltimore,
from caution or some other cause, did not put
in their platform or present to the people any
such issue; and so far as I kno vt no political party
in this country has ever gone before the people
oa any such issue.
You, my friends, hero, were elected in the
midst of the most, terrific and gigantic civil
strife that ever existed; you were elected with-
out regard to this issue of negro suffrage at the
dictation of Congress in the States, against the
will of the people in such States; you were
elected upon the idea of maintaining the Union
and standing by the Constitution. And why is
not this spirit exhibited here to-day? Why not
pour oil upon the troubled waters and bring
hack these States with the rights and privileges
under this Constitution of our fathers? Why
keep them out while you legislate and make a
Constitution for them ? This matter of amend-
ing the Constitution is a very grave matter, even
when all to be affected by it are represented, and
it should bo considered with calmness and with
consideration. And the licpresentatives of the
people, before they present this amendment, or
any other amendment to the Constitution, for
their consideration and ratification, should go
before them and argue these propositions pro
and con. And then let them return here alter
that deliberation and consideration, and pre-
sent their views upon the subject. This is a
grave question, and one which ought, not to be
entered upon without, due consideration.
Now, sir, as 1 have intimated before, the party
in power have changed front; they have changed
entirely their tactics. They are to-day hi revo-
lution against tho Constitution, ignoring, de-
nouncing principles contained in their own acts
in Congress, in their national and State conven-
tions. ^
Where, I ask, will this system of amendment
stop? Some eighty amendments are now pend-
ing in the two Houses of Congress. When and
where will the party m power pause? Sir, a
spectator coming into this House andobscrviug
the course ol'legislation would be led to sup-
pose that there are no others than the blacks
to be legislated for. It is they who claim ex-
clusive attention. A large portion of the white
citizens of this country, inhabiting the fairest
portion of God's creation, are denied representa-
tion here, and no eloquent voice is raised in their
behalf to-day; but the African has numberless
champions to plead in favor of his right to vole
in the States of the South at the will of Con-
gress.
Sir, what was the position of the late Presi-
dent, Mr, Lincoln, who uttered the sentiment,
" Charity toward all; malice toward none?7' I
read from his letter to Mr. Wood :
"Understanding the phrase in the paragraph above
quoted, 'the southern btates would sendllepresenta-
tives to the next Corbie--*,' to be Mibstantialty the
same as that 4 tho peupleot' thesouthemStateswould
cense resistance, and would reinaugurate, submit to,
and maintain the national authority within. tLolhnii's
of such istatc under tile Constitution of the United
States,' Isay that in such case tliewar would ee&seon
the part of the United States, and that, if within a
reasonable time a full and general amnesty were ne-
cessary to such end, it would not be withheld."
This is the language of the lamented,chief of
that party. Do they standby that doctrine to-
day? Do they stand by those principles? Or
do they deny to these people representation,
pouring upon them at the same time unmeas-
ured denunciation,unlimitedtaxation, and seek-
ing to force upon them negro suffrage? Is this
the course of action that was to be expected of a
great Government like this in the triumph of its
power ? Why cannot members of this House
rise to tho requirements of this great era, and
so act as to win for the Constitution and Gov-
ernment of our fathers the support of every good
man, woman, and child in this broadland,sothat
we may again witness the gladdening spectacle
of a reunited and harmonious country, with the
Constitution and laws as our shield and pro-
tection against usurpation, cruelty, and oppres-
sion, from dangers of every kind, from at home
and abroad?
But that which seems at the present time
to be pressing with greatest force upon the
minds of many members of this House, is tho
fact that, by the action of the party in power,
some three or four million persons hitherto
slaves have been turned loose upon the South,
and in consequence of their having become free
the southern States are entitled to a larger num-
ber of Representatives on this floor than they
formerly had. This is the difficulty which gen-
tlemen here seem desirous to remedy by this
amendment to the Constitution. Sir, it is a
well-established principle that no one should be
permitted to take advantage of his own wrong.
If the party in power have succeeded in freeing
the slaves of the South, ought they not at least to
allow the southern States to enjoy the increased
representation to which," according to the rule
established by the Constitution, they are now
entitled? Or if the northern States sincerely
desire that the negroes of the South shall vote
and shall be represented in Congress, let them
transport those negroes to the North and take
them under their guardianship. They are wel-
come to them.
I believe that the people of Kentucky, whom
I in part represent, and I have no doubt the
people of the whole South, will submit in good
faith to the constitutional amendment abolish-
ing slavery. While they may believe that the
amendment is revolutionary, and unjust, in vio-
lation of the rights of Kentucky and the South,
still the southern States having in a way yielded
up this question, for representation and peace,
they will stand by the Constitution as amended.
They will at the same time give to the-negroes
that protection to which they are entitled, pro-
tecting them in the enjoyment of their right to
personal liberty and the enjoyment of the re-
wards of their own labor and industry. But we
are asked to vote for this amendment, at the
same time that we are to have in Kentucky a
"Freedmen's Bureau," passing upon all ques-
tions between a white citizen and a negro, over-
riding the laws of our State, setting at defiance
the decrees and judgments of our legal and con-
stitutionally established courts. I regret I have
not the last order issued there upon this sub-
ject, for I know it would startle my friend from
Maine to have such orders executed by the bay-
onet in Maine.
Mr. Speaker, it has been said upon this floor,
and again and again enunciated from one end
of the country to the other by leading members
of the now dominant party, that ''the Union
as it was," ''the Constitution as it was," the
condition of things which existed prior to this
unfortunate war, should never, with their con-
sent, be permitted to return. But, sir, as for
myself, T would to God it were in my power to-
day to restore that Constitution, giving to every
man in this country his rights and privileges
under it! Sir, if I had the power, I would re-
store to life the thousands and thousands who
have gone from fields of battle to " that undis-
covered country from whose bourne no traveler
returns.'7 Sir, 1 would have a reunion of friends
and of States. In my estimation, such a som-
