2412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Sir, Andrew Johnson wants the Union as it
was. He wants the Union that was made by
the fathers and sages of the times that tried
men's souls. He wants the Union which was
intended to be the shield of the rights of the
States, and the protector and guardian of the
rights of the Federal Government. Hcwantsthe
proper equilibrium preserved between the three
coordinate branches of the Federal Government.
And because he will not violate every pledge
of faith that the Republican party made to the
people in 1864, he is to be branded here as a
tyrant and usurper, and as a violator of the
principles which lay at the foundation of our
Government.
- I do not want to insult any one. I do not
rise for any such purpose. But when any of
you rise hereand charge, as you have to-day,
the Democratic party and Andrew Johnson with
being traitors to their country and sympathiz-
ers with secession, I denounce it as wickedly
false. This Congress, by its acts, through this
central directory of fifteen that holds its secret
sessions in this Capitol, is sapping the very life-
blood and weakening the very foundations of
this Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman from New Jersey if he is not him-
self a member of that central directory of which
he speaks.
Mr. ROGERS. I am, and I have great re-
spect for the men who are on it. I am not here
to say that those men, or any men upon the
other side of the House, are actuated by any
desire to commit intentional wrong. I would
not degrade myself and the country by char-
fing that gentlemen on the other side of the
louse, who have always treated me with respect,
are any of them desirous to injure the country.
But their prejudices and their passions, as in
the case of J ohn Brown when he committed
murder and treason in Virginia, are leading
the country on to destruction, and without the
interposition of Andrew Johnson the lamp of
liberty would soon be extinguished forever.
_ Now, sir, I had no participation in the elec-
tion of Andrew Johnson 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I should like to
ask the gentleman another question. It may
be that this 11 directory" has been guilty of
something which has not been disclosed. If
the gentleman is at liberty to name it 1 should
like him to do so. I believe that the commit-
tee has removed the injunction of secrecy.
Mr. ROGERS. The gentleman knows per-
fectly well what has been done by that com-
mittee. He knows that from that committee
have emanated projects of disunion. He knows
that from that committee has emanated the doc-
trine embodied in the proposed constitutional
amendment and the two bills which have been
presented—the doctrine that the war dissolved
the Union, that the southern States arc out of
the Union, and that it will require an enabling
act of Congress and an amendment of the Con-
stifntion to bring those States back into the
Union.
1 am no disunionist. I will cooperate with
no party that seeks to destroy this connlry.
When the leaders of the majority party on the
floor charge me and my fellow-members of this
Democratic party with being traitors, I hurl
back the charge into their teeth, and tell them
that they are the only part? now preventing the
consummation of the great work of restoring
the Union upon the principles of self-govern-
ment consecrated by the blood of our revolu-
tionary forefathers.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. The committee of
which the gentleman is a member have pre-
sented their report proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States. One
provision of that proposed amendment is, as I
understand, that the southern States shall no
longer be entitled to that unfair and unjust
share of representation which they have here-
tofore enjoyed, and that, instead of having as
the result of four years of war, an increase of
political power in consequence of the emanci-
pation of the ilaves, they shall conform to a
basis of representation which will be just to both
the North sCtid the South, applying to all the
States alike, and under which those who are
enfranchised shall be represented. Now, I
desire to know whether the gentleman is op-
posed to that principle embodied in the report
of that committee, or "directory," as he
terms it.
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir, I am opposed to it
for the same reasons that our fathers were op-
posed to taxation by the- British Parliament
-when they were denied representation in that
body. I am opposed to it on the principles
of the Declaration of Independence and the
fundamental doctrines of the Constitution.
Sir, let me say further, in answer to that
suggestion, that at the time of the formation
of the Constitution slaves were held in all the
States except one, and there was in many of
the States a large colored population. From
time to time slavery was abolished in the dif-
ferent northern States; yet, although the abo-
lition was not accompanied by the enfranchise-
ment of those who were emancipated, no one
proposed that any of these States should be
deprived of representation for the colored
population to whom they denied the right of
suffrage.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We are not pro-
posing, as I understand, even if we adopt the
amendment reported by the committee, to take
away from any State any just share of repre-
sentation. The proposition, as I understand
it, is this, and no more : that a man in South
Carolina shall have no more political power in'
this nation than a man in New Jersey or in
Iowa; that a white man in the State of South
Carolina, which inaugurated this rebellion,
shall not have as much power as that exer-
cised by three men in the State of Iowa. I ask
the gentleman whether he is opposed to that
kind of representation.
Mr. ROGERS. I maintain, sir, that there
is no more necessity for an amendment of the
Constitution, because a portion of the southern
population, lately slaves, have become free,
than there was for a constitutional amendment
when the various northern States abolished
slavery within their limits. I say that the
Constitution as it stands grants to the southern
people no right of representation except that
based on population ; and in this respect all
the States are placed on an equality; the South
enjoys no peculiar advantage. Sir, if a million
foreigners land at the port of New York and
become a part of the population of the State
of New York, that State, under the Constitu-
tion, is entitled to representation for those
foreigners, although they may never become
citizens and never vote.
And I say, sir, that the representation which
has been allowed to the people of the southern
States for the people of color will not exceed
the basis for representation of foreigners who
are not entitled to vote in the northern, middle,
and western States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Would not the same
result follow if one hundred thousand foreign-
ers or a million foreigners should go into South
Carolina instead of into New York?
Mr. ROGERS. Exactly. Let us leave the
landmarks of this Government as they were
when the Government was made. I believe
this Government is the fruit of the most ex-
perienced wisdom of any people who ever lived,
and that Washington and Jefferson and the
men who framed the Constitution of the United
States, coming out of the Revolution imbued
with the principles of liberty and having the
mantle of victory and patriotism thrown over
them, were the best judges of what the true
interests of this country are. Sir, in this time
of excitement and of peril, when the Union, by
the action of the members of this Congress, is
dissolved, because eleven States are prevented
from sending their Representatives here, to
which right, under the Constitution, they are
entitled, it is no time to amend the Constitution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
speaks of the excellence and perfection of the
Constitution as our fathers made it. I ask
him whether he does not think the Constitu-
tion now, embodying as it does the prohibition
of slavery throughout the country, is not a little
better than it was before.
Mr. ROGERS. That is an issue which I
am not here now to discuss. It is an issue
dead and gone. It is part of the history of the
past. It has become part, of the Constitution
of the United States and freedom has been
proclaimed to four million people. My vote,
power, and influence shall be given to sustain
that provision so long as I may live, whether
North or South shall desire to strike it out.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask whether if
those States who have been in rebellion were
represented in these Halls at that time that
provision would not have been defeated.
Mr. ROGERS. At that time these men were
Engaged in rebellion and were convicts before
•the altar of patriotism. The execution of the
law has been forgiven by the clemency and
Christian character of the President. While
they were firing upon the flag of the country
and trying to destroy this Government they
were not entitled to any consideration at all.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentleman
whether he approves that portion of the Pres-
ident's conduct and policy which compelled the
people of these unrepresented States to ratify
that amendment and make it a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. ROGERS. I did not then approve of
it, but I believe now it was for the best inter-
ests of the country; that as an issue of war it
should be given up in the reconstruction, after
the war had wiped out slavery, to prevent future
agitation upon it. I am satisfied that the best
interests, the grandeur, glory, and perpetuity
of this Government demanded that the States
should perpetuate the result of the war in strik-
ing the shackles of slavery from every human
being within the length and breadth of this
land. I never was in favor of slavery. No
man, sir, overheard me advocate slavery in the
abstract, but I was in favor of standing by the
elementary principles embodied in the Consti-
tution of the United States. I believed, and
do yet believe, that abolishing slavery by war
was in violation of the plighted faith of Congress
as given in the Crittenden resolutions adopted
after the war had begun,and oftheletter, spirit,
and intent of the Constitution. That proposition
set forth the principles upon which this war
was fought, and it emphatically declared that
when the rebels laid down their arms the Union
should be restored.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman has
to some extent eulogized the abolition amend-
ment, and also the conduct of the President of
the United States in relation to it, the Congress
that passed it, and the Legislatures in the insur-
gent States which ratified it.
Mr. ROGERS. I have not eulogized them
at, all.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man whether, in his opinion, that great good
could have been provided, whether that amend-
ment of the Constitution could have been had,
whether that security of liberty could have
been procured for the people of this country
if the insurgent States had been represented
in these Halls; and if not, whether it would
have been wise to postpone until their recog-
nition was procured action on that amend-
ment to the Constitution.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir; I am not finding
any fault, and if the gentleman had listened to
me he would h'ave seen that I found none with
the course of action at that time in taking ad-
vantage of the absence of southern Represent-
atives. But I held then as I do now, with Alex-
ander Stephens, that there is no power in the
Federal Government to usurp the functions of
a Stale that have never been delegated to the
Federal Government, even by a constitutional
amendment made without the authority of the
other States. I say that the abolition of slavery
was an event of the war, and the result of one
of the principles of war resorted to by the con-
quering power, that being the ai-bitrament to
which the southern people submitted. And sla-
very having been abolishedunder those circum-
