186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2413.
stances, I wish to keep it dead and buried for-
ever, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman says
he is opposed to the exercise of powers not
delegated by the Constitution. I desire him to
point out the particular clause which authorized
the President to appoint provisional governors
for those States and to require of those States
the ratification of the constitutional amend-
ment abolishing slavery.
• Mr. ROGERS. The power was this: the
Constitution of the United States says that the
United States shall guaranty to every State a
republican form of government, and when the
people of any State are in insurrection, or when
a State is overrun by the armies of other States,
it is the duty of the President to call out the
militia, suppress the insurrection, and repel
that invasion. And it was by virtue of the
power conferred by the force of military law,
as embodied in the Constitution of the United
States, that Abraham Lincoln had a right, not
as President of the United States, butas Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army, to dictate such a
state of affairs as would come within the re-
quirement of the Constitution in guarantying
to those States a republican form of govern-
ment. And as slavery was an instrument of
war, one of the principles upon which it was
waged, the main principle, in fact, for the last
two years, the arbitrament has settled that as
much as any other question. When the people
went to war these extraneous matters gave way
to the force of the arbitrament, and were set-
tled for all time to come.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I desire to
ask, inasmuch as Texas was omitted from the
proclamation of the President, whether, in the
gentleman's opinion, if Congress should pass
the amendment now pending, it would be com-
petent, for Andrew Johnson, asPresidentof the
United States, to require of Texas the ratifica-
tion of that amendment before he would recog-
nize her as restored to such an extent as to bo
entitled to representation in Congress.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir. I claim, notwith-
standing what Andrew Johnson may have
required, that when the rebels laid down their
arms and submitted to the Constiti^jon of the
United States the war was ended. ' N otwith-
standing anything that may have been put on
paper by the President or anybody else, the very
moment the southern States succumbed that
very moment their State governments could by
the people be put in full operation, because those
Slate governments had been merely suspended
by virtue of the illegality of action of the south-
ern people, which never could destroy the exist-
ence of those States as States of the Union
under the original act of admission.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If I understand
the gentleman's position, it is, that while the
war was going on, before the rebel armies sur-
rendered, the President might do this thing.
But I wish to ask hi in whether the rebels had
not surrendered before the President issued his
first proclamation for the establishment of a
provisional government in North Carolina, and
whether all those provisional governments were
not established after the surrender, and all
those requirements on the part of the President
were not subsequent to that time, by which
they were to do certain things, and among
others ratify the constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery.
Mr. ROGERS. Nobody can doubt that a
State government may be operated within the
military lines by military governors, and it was
only as a condition to the laying down of their
arms that the Commander-in-Chief exercised
the right under the Constitution to establish a
republican form of government and lent the
aid of the military power to the people ®f the
insurgent States for them to ratify the act in
such manner as they thought right, and upon
such principles of the union of the several
States as existed before they attempted to carry
them out of the Union.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understood the
gentleman from New Jersey to say that as soon
as the rebel armies surrendered, the old Stats
governments as they existed prior to the rebel-
lion at once revived; of course that must have
included the revival of the constitutions of
those States. Now, I wish the gentleman to
state whether those States had republican forms
of government before the rebellion. If so,
and those governments were revived by the
surrender of the rebel armies, where did the
President get the power to require them to
change those republican forms of government ?
Mr. ROGERS. He was authorized to exer-
cise ihat power upon the ground that the acts
which had been performed in behalf of the
confederacy were acts which were void ab
initio; and there is no better settled principle
of law than that no void or illegal act can over-
turn or destroy that which was legal, and there-
fore every movement of the southern people
with,'reference to furthering or carrying into
effect the machinery of the confederate govern-
ment was without authority of law, and was in
violation of the government, which the Presi-
dent of the United Stales was bound to uphold
by all the means in his power. And he was
authorized to put down all the forms of State
government which the people of the South had
adopted to sustain the cause of the confeder-
acy. When those forms had been put down,
then the status of those States, as it existed
before the rebellion commenced, returned to
them, except so far as regards what was de-
clared to be the corner-stone of the rebellion,
which was put in issue, and which went down
with the rebellion under the military power of
the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not see that
the gentleman from New Jersey has answered
one question which I put to him. That ques-
tion was,whether the insurgent States, prior to
the rebellion, had republican forms of govern-
ment.
Mr. ROGERS. I say they had.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman said
thait the surrender of the rebel armies revived
the State governments that were in force before
the rebellion.
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir.-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Consequently each
one of those States, upon the surrender of the
rebel armies, had a republican form of govern-
ment, which had been revived.
Mr. ROGERS. Exactly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Now, I wish to ask
the gentleman where the President gets the
power to require those States to change the
republican forms of government which they
already had.
Mr. ROGERS. I say he did not require
them to change their republican forms of gov-
ernment. Neither slavery nor the rebel debt
was any part of their State government,; no
act of the southern people in aid of the confed-
eracy was a part of their republican form of
government. Therefore, I say that republican
forms of government did exist and were not
affected bjr the action of the President. The
President is not to be called a usurper of power
because he did not allow the people of the South
to continue that which they had established in
aid of the confederacy. All that he did, and all
that he wanted to do, was to resuscitate their
republican forms of government and to give
full vigor to the voice of the people under
them.
Mr. GRINNELL. Why does not the gen-
tleman answer the question of my colleague,
[Mr. Wilson?]
Mr. ROGERS. I do answer it. I say that
Andrew Johnson has not acted in conflict with
the Constitution. And I say he is not in the
hands of the Democratic party. He never has
appointed a Democrat to office; all his patron-
age is given to the party that elected him. And
he is going to fight this battle out in the lines
of the so-called Union party. And I tell you
that eighteen hundred thousand Democrats
will follow him or any other man who holds
out to them the unfolded leaves of the Consti-
tution and enunciates the doctrines and prin-
ciples upon which the liberties of our country
are founded.
Mr. DRIGGS. I understood the gentleman
from New Jersey to say that he never was in
favor of slavery; that he was always opposed
to it. If the gentleman is sincere in that dec-
laration, and I have no doubt he is,, th&n I
would ask him why he opposed the amendment
to the Constitution by means of which we "were
enabled to get rid of slavery in a-constitutional
way.
Mr. ROGERS. Because I took the ground
here, as the' Speaker well knows, both that
winter and the winter before, that there was
nothing in the Constitution which gave us
power over the subject; that it was a.reserved
right of the States, not delegated to the United
States, to control their domestic institutions
exclusively in accordance with thcr own judg-
ment. Another reason for my course then was
that the rebellion was not ended, and I believed
it would tend to alienate the affections of the
people of the South and lead them to continue
longer in war against the Union; not that I
had any doubt that the Union armies would
finally succeed.
Now, sir, when the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingeksoll] expresses a wish that Andrew-
Johnson had been swallowed in the Red sea
of destruction, like Pharaoh and his hosts, it
is a wish which, it appears to me, an Ameri-
can Representative should blush to utter. Sir,
does a noble, patriotic President deserve to be
spoken of in this manner simply bceause he is
exercising his constitutional power to vindi-
cate the great doctrines of civil liberty upon
which the welfare and the progress of this
country depend ?
Sir, gentlemen are mistaken when they im-
agine that the American people can ever be
brought to sympathize with the revolutionary
doctrines of the disunionists which they have
advocated in this Congress, doctrines which
proclaim the dismemberment of the country
and declare in effect that the country's flag,
with its brilliant galaxy of stars, representing
in undiminished number our grand sisterhood
of States, is a "flaunting lie." Sir, the peo-
ple of this nation, who have fought to maintain
the integrity of our Union and the perpetuity
of the Constitution, recognize in the policy
of Andrew Johnson the great principles for
which they have been battling; and they will
never consent that those principles shall be
trampled under foot by disunionists of either
the South or the North.
Sir, I believe that the principles which An-
drew Johnson is so nobly defending will be
successfully vindicated, and that, notwithstand-
ing the denunciation and the calumny to which
he is at this hour subjected, his memory will be
honorably handed down to future generations,
and posterity will thank him for planting the
policy of the Government firmly upon those
principles which are destined to conduct this
nation to a grand and illustrious destiny; and
like Washington, his name will be recorded
in history as the deliverer of thirty million
people from threatened bondage and despot-
ism, whose record will bo read by generations
unborn as a bright monument of civil liberty,
to whose name the great and the good, so
long as free Governments exist, will do honor.
His tomb will be visited and his remains in
death revered as a solemn duty of a grateful
people. May God give him a strength, wis-
dom, power, and influence to work out his
great mission, and save liim from the hand of
the assassin, that he may be spared to see the
Union of our fathers, the grandest and most
united of any in the world, marching on in
defense of the Constitution as the brightest
jewel vouchsafed to man, until tlio dying gaze
of his last look upon earth shall be brightened
bj the burning flame of the Union's cause,
with fanaticism, radicalism, and disunionism
dead and gone.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, who moved thai the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock p. m.Jtha House adjourned.
