1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$373
SANTA CIUJZ, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to relinquish the title to the town
of Santa Cray,, California; which was read a
first aud second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
leave of absence.
Mr. MOULTON asked and obtained leave
of, absence for his colleague, Mr. Harding,
un.til Wednesday next.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WA8HBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee of Claims.
dit. edward jarvis.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a bill for
the relief of I)r. Edward Jarvis; which was
read a first and second lime.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the 'Treasury to pay to Dr. Ed-
ward Jarvis the sum of §1.500, in full, for his
services in the preparation of the United States
census of 1850, provided that the Secretary of
the Interior, after full examination of his claim,
shall be satisfied that it is reasonable and just.
Mr. WARD. I call for the reading of the
report.
The report was read. It states that Dr.
Edward Jarvis, a gentleman of distinguished
scientific attainments, was engaged to arrange
and compile certain statistics which were re-
garded of great value, and which were pub-
lished in the census reports. The report sets
forth the account of Dr. Jarvis for services
during the years 185:3, 1854, and 1855, consist-
ing of professional clerical labor, in investi-
gation of subjects, examination of records,
calculations, answering questions, and solving
difficulties, at the request and by the repeated
orders of J. B. De Bow, Superintendent of the
Copsus Bureau. 'The account is indorsed by
De Bow, with the statement that the claim is
just, but he has no authority to pay it. The
committee report a bill for his relief.
Mr. PRICE. 1 understand from the reading
of the report that the services for which com-
pensation is claimed were rendered in 185:!,
1854, and 1K55, and that there was no contract
made for compensation for these services.
Now, it strikes mo as particularly curious, to
say the least, of it. that the gentleman who ren-
dered clerical services thirteen years ago with-
out any contract for compensation should after
this lapse of time now come forward and ask
for $1,500. And but for the fact that the Com-
mittee of Claims had reported in favor of it, I
should think there was no kind of foundation
for the claim. I have every confidence in that
committee ; but really I am afraid that for once
they have been mistaken, as the best men some-
times are.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask my colleague
on the Committee of Claims, who lias repoited
this bill, [Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts,]
whether there was any proof before the com-
mittee that this man rendered these services
upon the strength of any promise on the part
of the Government or of any of its officials that
he was to be compensated lor his labor; or was
he merely requested to superintend and com-
pile these statistics, and alter the request had
been made and complied with he then filed his
claim?
Mr. Vv ASIIIU; RX. of Massachusetts. This
case is somewhat peculiar. After a thorough
investigation the. Committee of Claims came to
the conclusion that the claim was a just one.
I will state some of the facts, if it is necessary
to state them more fully than they are stated
in the report, in order that every member pres-
ent may understand the situation of this case.
This individual is one of the most distinguished
statisticians of this country, and he is the author
of some of the most valuable statistics contained
in our census report of 1850, as well as the re-
port of 1860. He is employed at the present
time, and has been so employed for some time
past, and receives his pay regularly, for pre-
paring these very same statistics.
The only point, it seems to me, which the
House would wish to understand is why the
applicant did not receive his pay for the labors
which he performed in 1853, 1854, and 1855.
He was employed by Mr. De Bow, the Super-
intendent of the Census Bureau, to perform
these labors from year to year. When they
were completed, at the end of three years, he
sent in his bill to the head of the Census Bu-
reau for his services. Mr. De Bow felt that he
was not authorized to pay the claim and told
him that he must apply to Congress for pay-
ment, as there had been no money appropri-
ated for that special service. The Secretary
of the Interior, as well as the head of the Cen-
sus Bureau, after examining the claim, was
satisfied that the services winch the claimant
rendered occupied about one third of each vear
for three years, and that the country lias had
the benefit of his labor. In 1800, finding that,
the Department had no authority to settle his
account, he made out his claim for services
rendered, charging simply the sum of $500 a
year for the three years during which he was
thus employed.
The, claim was recommended by the Depart-
ment as jnst aud one that ought to be paid. It,
was examined by a committee of the Senate,
who recommended that it be passed. A bill
for the payment of the claim was passed by
the Senate, and came to this House; and the
only reason why it did not pass here was that
at the close of the session of ISliO the House
diil not have time to act upon it. Then the
war broke out; and this gentleman said that
he would not press any claim against the Gov-
ernment, while it was struggling to defend
itself against its enemies. Accordingly the
claim slept until the present time, when the
gentleman has appeared be-fore the committee
aud stated the facts.
This gentleman is acknowledged by the De-
partment to have reudeied most valuable ser-
vice, having given a third part of his time for
three years, and he has received no compen-
sation. It is true that, in answer to a question
of one of my colleagues upon the committee,
this gentleman admitted that there was no con-
tract made, 'flic reason why a contract, was
not made was that in the first, place the Census
Bureau sent to him for information—whether
much or little he did not at that time know—so
that he could not tell whether he would be
obliged to consume in furnishing it only a few
days or a considerable time. Accordingly,
nothing was said about pay for his services
until the lapse of three years, when the census
was completed. Then lie sent tn his bill, sup-
posing that the Census Bureau would pay him,
as other olliccrs had been paid for similar ser-
vices. He sent in a claim for compensation for
the time lie had actually expended asm ■arly
as lie could calculate it, being about one thin!
of each year for three successive years. The
Census Bureau, as I ha\e already stated, pro
nounced the claim just and the charge low.
But it was believed that the bureau had no au-
thority to settle the claim. Ilenee the gentle-
man has presented his claim to Congress.
Mr. WARD. Will my colleague on the
committee yield to me for a moment,?
< Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes,
sir.
Sir. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I was not, able
to concur with the majority of the committee
in the report which my colleague has presented.
My reason for dissenting was that 1 fell that
the allowance of this claim would establish a
new principle with reference to claims against
the Government—a principle which has not
heretofore received the sanction of the Com-
mittee of Claims or of this House. I under-
stood from ttte investigation before the com-
mitteeand from the answer which thisgentleman
himself gave in response to an inquiry of mine,
that when he performed these services, he did
not expect compensation from the Government,
and he did not perform them with reference to
any contract with the Government. Six', the
passage of this bill, as recommended by the
committee, will establish the principle that
every man, woman, and child in this country
who, during the struggle through which we havo
recently passed, has gratuitously and without
expectation of reward rendered valuable ser-
vices to the country shall receive compensation.
I apprehend, Mr. Speaker, that the commit-
tee may be charged with some inconsistency
in recommending the payment of this claim.
When the Union men of the South, who had
their property destroyed by the rebels, who
had suffered and sacrificed everything in behalf
of the Government, came to our doors as beg-
gars, asking some small compensation for their
hisses, we said, "No; the Government is not
m a condition to pay such claims." When the
men of Pennsylvania and Ohio and other States
on the border came here asking compensation
for their property destroyed by the rebels, wo
said, "No, we cannot liejp you. Although
you have contributed largely to put down the
rebellion, wo cannot aid you; first, because
there is no obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment to do so ; and secondly, because the
national Treasury is not in a condition to pay
such claims." Then came the volunteer nurses
who had served in field and camp and hospital.
When those ministering angels came, asking
us for compensation for their services, we said
"No."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
remind the gentleman we have only an hour.
Mr. WARD. I will be through in a moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts. I hope
the gentleman will confine himself to the ques-
tion.
Mr. WARD. I say the committee have acted
on the principle all along of not compensating
parties who have rendered valuable gratuitous
services to the Government. We took the po-
sition, and had to take it, to save the Govern-
ment fioin uiin and the Treasury from bank-
ruptcy, wc could not reward those who had done
service unless there was a contract express or
implied. That, sir, is this case. This man has
done valuable service to the country. Some
have ^ivon their lives, some have given their
property, and some have given their knowledge
and their talents, as this man, All have done
so gratuitously, and all should stand upon the
same platform precisely. Unless we are pre-
pared to open the door and give to every one
who has done service for the Government up
to this time, we should not allow this claim.
If wc are prepared to do that, then we will
allow it. 1 make this statement so that the
House may understand what principle is pro-
posed to be established.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. I must
protest against the principle being established
that a man who rendeis voluntary service to
the Government has a right to claim it to be
his debtor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. There
is no evidence that this gentleman was to per-
form this service without payment. The point
is whether the House will say to one of the
most distinguished men of the country, who
has given part, of three years to the Govern-
ment, he shall not have pay for that service.
There is not a particle of testimony he per-
formed this son ice without expectation of pay
when the work was done. _ When the census
was completed he sent, in his bill, as he would
for any other service, and he did not. know till
the bill was sent in that the head of the bureau
would not pay it. as any oilier bill. He never
mistrusted that the head of the bureau had
not authority to pay that bill. He peifonncd
the service honestly, and owing simply to a
blunder of the head of the bureau has not yet
been paid for them. He has presented his
bill to Congress, indorsed by the Department,
certifying to the truth and value of his services.
What did the committee do when it was sub-
