1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iament as this would not be unworthy of a
patriot or a Christian ; for the first I cannot in
candor say so much.
' .Mr. Speaker, if I understand it, this propo-
sition is a direct attack upon the President of
the United States. It is a direct attack upon
the doctrines and principles taught by that dis-
tinguished man nowliolding the presidential
^hair. This amendment is in violation, in my
judgment, of every principle that that man has
Jptela from his boyhood up to the present hour.
]jle said in his message of the 4th of December
last—and I ask any friend of Andrew Johnson
who believes he holds the sentiments he then
expressed not to vote for the proposed amend-
.ment, when to do so you strike a stab at him';
now, what does he say ? After speaking of the
rights and privileges under the Constitution,
alluding to the fact that there were objections
to his j>lan of reconstruction, alluding to the
fact that it was suggested or required oi him by
proclamation to enfranchise the blacks in the
Southern States, he uses this language:
On the propriety of attempting to mak« the freed-
fen electors by the proclamation of the Executive
took for my counsel the Constitution itself, the
interpretations oF that instrument by its authors
and their contemporaries, and recent legislation by
Congress.' When, at' the first movement toward
independence, the Congress of the United States in-
structed the several States to institute governments
of their own, they left each State to decide for itself
the conditions for the enjoymentof the elective fran-
chise. During the period of the Confederacy there
continued to exist a very great diversity in the qual-
ifications of electors in the several States; and even
within a State a distinction of qualifications prevailed
with regard to the officers who were to bcchoscn. The
Constitution of the United States recognizes these di-
versities when it enjoins that in the choice of members
of the House of Representatives of the United States
4 the electors in each State shall have the qualifica-
tions requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature.' After the forma-
tion of the .Constitution it remained, as before, the
uniform usage for each Sitate.to enlarge the body of
its electors, according to its ownjudgment; and, un-
der this system, one State after another has proceeded
to increase tho number of its electors, until now uni-
versal suffrage, or something very near it, is the gen-
eral rule.
So fixed was this reservation of power in the hands
of the people, and so unquestioned lias been the inter-
pretation oftneConstitution.that during the civil war
the late President never harbored the purpose—cer-
tainly never avowed the purpose—of disregarding it;
and in the acts of Congress during that period nothing
can be found which, during the continuance of hostil-
ities, much less after their close, would have sanc-
tioned any departure by the Executive from a policy
which has so uniformly obtained. Moreover, a con-
cession of the electivo franchise to the freedmen, by
act of the President of the United States, must have
been extended to all colored men, wherever fuund,
and so must have established a change of suffrage in
the northern, middle, and western States, not ] ess than
in the southern and southwestern. Such an act would
have crcated a new class of Voters, and would have
been an assumption of power by the President which
nothing in the Constitution or laws of the United States
would have warranted.
"On the other hand, every danger of conflict is avoid-
ed when the settlement of the question is referred to
the several States. They can, each for itself, decide on
the measure, and whether it is to be adopted at once
and absolutely, or introduced gradually and with con-
ditions. In my judgment the freedmen, if they show,
patience and manly virtues, will sooner obtain a par-
ticipation in the elective franchise through the States
than through the General Government, even if ithad
power to intervene. When the tumult of emotions
that have been raised by the suddenness of the social
change shall have subsided, it may prove that they
will receive the kindliest usage from some ot those on
whom they have heretofore most closely depended."
Sir, the President of the United States does
not believe that the Congress of the United
States has the right, or that the people have the
right, to strike down the inalienable right of
the States to settle for themselves who shall be
clothed with that high privilege, suffrage. Now,
while I say this much, I do not desire to be con-
sidered as defending the President of the Uni-
ted States. He needs no defense at my hands.
I do not desire to be understood to say that T
indorse all the acts of the Chief Magistrate in
regard to the questions now agitating the pub-
lie mind, but on the question of giving the south-
ern States their rights of representation upon
this floor, and the right to say who shall be
voters in the States, I am with President J ohn-
son, and will, so far as is in my power, give him
a hearty and earnest support.
if he will stand by the Constitution, if he
will stand by the rights of the States, he will
meet with not only the support of gentlemen on
that side of the House, but of eighteen hundred
thousand Demoeratie voters in the North or
adhering States who have not bowed the knee
to power. They will stand by him in this hour
of trouble and trial. I believe they will do it.
I believe there are thousands of Republicans
from one end of the country to the other who
will stand by him to prevent consolidation and
destruction of the States.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Yes sir.
Mr. THAYER. In case the President of the
United States should sign this joint resolution,
and it should pass both Houses of Congress,
will the gentleman then stand by tho President
of the United Stales?
Mr. TRIMBLE. "Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof." When Mr. .Tohnson shall
sign the joint resolution I shall bo prepared to
answer. But I do not believe he will do it.
Mr. THAYER. , That is not the question I
asked. Would he stand by the President in
that case? If he does notanswer my question,
very well.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I think I have answered
the question. Wherever the President shall
stand by the people and leave the question of
the right of sutfrage to the people of the States,
I will stand by him. If ho vetoes the measure,
will the gentleman stand by him ? I pause for
a reply.
Mr. THAYER. I do not profess to be, as
the gentleman's course would indicate to the
House, the special champion of the President.
Because the gentleman undertook to place him-
self in that position before the House, as the
special champion of the President and as his
shield against the party which has such a tri-
umphant majority in this House, "P asked him
the question.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I renew my question: will
you stand by the,President?
Mr. THAYER. I will not stand bv him on
that question if lie vetoes it. Certainly not.
Mr. TRIMBLE. 1 have already disclaimed
being the defender of President Johnson, or to
speak for him. I am not upon such terms as
would warrant me in forming opinions or speak-
ing from them. I form and express my opinions
solely from his public and official declarations.
I trust this is satisfactory.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman answer
my question now as I answered his?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Well, sir, I am frank to
say, if the President gives his approval to this
measure, sir, I will notsustainhim. [Laughter.]
But I will sustain him in all matters where I be-
lieve he is standing by the rights of the people
under the Constitution. Wherever he stands
in favor of white men and white women, if you
please, in opposition to negroes governing this
country, I will stand by Andrew Johnson.
Mr. THAYER. I am glad the gentleman has
answered the question, because his own answer
and mine show, I think conclusively, that as
regards the President we both stand in the
same position toward him. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRIMBLE. Well, I stand by this posi-
tion. I am frank to say that I opposed Mr.
Johnson's election to the Vice Presidency, and
supported another; but because I did that I
have enough magnanimity and generosity in my
heart, and I trust patriotism, that when Presi-
dent Johnson marches up, as I believe he will,
in opposition to the behests of his own party,
and stands by the people of the South, and the
pledges he has made to them and to the country,
I wiTl stand by him, or any other man. Sir,
he can interpose his veto power, and prevent
these invasions of the Constitution and liberties
of these people; and in doing so I will stand by
him. I have no doubt that the gentlemen in
the majority here have the power to put this
amendment through. But, sir, when you have
amended the Constitution, and it is ratified by
three fourths of the States, it can never be re-
called. You may never have an opportunity
to undo what is done in this moment of triumph.
Sir, the people of the South have shown them-
selves a fearless and brave people, to say the
least of it. They have fought gallantly, and in
a manner that entitles them to the respect of
their conquerors. Then let us not put the South
in irons, or make her another Ireland. Let us
restore it to peae'e and honor. Let us gather
together the fragments that are there left, build
up her charred ruins, cultivate her rich soil,
and, if possible, restore them to peace and pros-
perity and happiness, and receive these people
back to the house of their fathers. Let us treat
them, in all kindness, as equal States, and say
to them, "Go, sin no more, but hereafletbe'
true lo the Union and the Constitution," re-
membering that it is human to err, divine to
forgive.
Mr. LE BLOND resumed the floor.
USE OF TUB HALL OF KEPBBSENTA1IVES.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the consent of the gen-
tleman to present a resolution relating to the
use of this Hall.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:'
licsohed, That tho use of the Hall of the Houso
of Representatives be granted tci the Soldiers' and
Sailors' Union League this evening and to-morrow
(W ednesday) evening.
Mr. BITTER. Mr. Speaker? I objected to
that resolution this morning, supposing it was
for a political purpose. I now understand that
it is not so, and therefore I have no objection
to its adoption.
The resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid-
before the House a statement from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of deposits of public money
made by any State under the act of Jw'ne 23J
1836, iij answer to a resolution of the Hotfse'of
January 17, 1866; which was laid on the table,'
and ordered to be printed.
BASIS OF REPKESENTATION.
Mr. LE BLOND. It is very evident that there
are a great many gentlemen who wish to debate
this proposition, and in order to give an oppor-
tunity for amendment as well as discussion, I
move that the joint resolution and pending
amendments be referred to the Committee of the
Whole, and that debate be restricted to thirty
minutes, or I will say twenty minutes, as a mat-
ter of compromise on both sides.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemau from Ohio
[Mr. Le Blond] has tho floor. Is there objec-
tion to this motion?
Mr. STEVENS. Iobjoct. I move that the
House adjourn.
The SPEA KER. Has the gentleman from
Ohio surrendered the floor?
Mr. LE BLOND. I surrender itfor a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tlemen allownie to make the motion that I sub-
mitted at an early hour? I will then make a
motion to adjourn. My motion is this : that the
pending resolution and amendments be recom-
mitted to the committee on reconstruction, with"
instructions to report an amendment to_ the
Constitution which shall, first, apportion direct
taxes among the States according to property
in each; and which shall, second, apportion
representation among the States on the basis of
male voters who may be citizens of the ;
United States.
Mr. LE BLOND. I cannot give way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to surrender the floor to his colleague.
Mr. LE BLOND. No, sir; only for a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I insist upon
the motion I made to commit this to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if that motion is adopted it will go to the foot
of the Calendar, and the Chair cannot tell when
it will be reached.  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. LE BLOND. I prefer that the motion
be put to recommit.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, I move
that the House now adjourn, with these two
pending questions, till to-morrow morning.
