1454
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
dred millions; now the circulation, bank and national,
exceed!? seven hundred millions. The simple state-
ment of the fact recommends, more strongly than any
words of mine could do, the necossity of our restrain-
ing this expansion."
Tlie Secretary of the Treasury gives the fig-
ures as follows:
"The paper circulation of the United States on the
31st of October last was substantially as follows:
1. United States notes and fractional
currency $454,218,038 20
2. Notes of the national banks  185,000,000 00
3. Notes of State banks, including out-
standing issues of State banks con-
verted into national banks  65,000,000 00
$701.218.038 20
"The amount of notes furnished to the national
banks up io and including the 31st of October was a
little over <?2U5,000,000, but it is estimated that $20,-
000,000 of these had not then been put into circula-
tion.
" In addition to the United States notes, there were
also outstanding $52,536,900 five per cent. Treasury
notes and 8173,012,110 compound-interest notes, of
which it would doubtless be safe to estimate that
$30,000,000 were in circulation as currency. _
"Prom this statement it appears that, without in-
cluding seven and three-tenths notes, many of the
small denominations of which were in circulation as
money, and all ot which tend in some meusuro to
swell the inflation, the paper money of the country
amounted, on the 31st of October, to the sum of §734.-
218,038 20, which has been daily increased by the notes
since furnished to the national banks, and is likely
to be still further increased by those to which they
are entitled, until the amount authoiized by law
($300.000.000)shall have been reached, subject to sueh
reduction as may be made by the withdrawal of the
notes of the State banks."
The Comptroller of the Currency hugs the
detail of the case a little closer. He gives the
actual situation thus:
The amount of national bank notes in actual circula-
tion on the 1st day of October last was.... $171,321,003
The amount of State bank no! es m circu-
lation at the same date, as appears by
returns to the Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue, was  78,807,575
Making the bank circulation on the 1st
day of October last    2oO,lSO,dVS
The amount of legal-tender notes and frac-
tional euirency issued and outstanding
on the 1st of October. 1865, was  704,581058
Nat lonai bank notes in the bands of banks
not yet issued  19,525,152
National currency yet to be issued to
banks  100,152,915
Making the aggregate amount of legal-
tender and bank notes in circulation
as authorized to be issued to and by the
banks   1,0S3,-152,233
From which sum should be deducted, State
bank eii eolation now outstanding that
will be retired about as fast us na-
ho-nal currency is issued to converted
banks KS,807,575
Also t lie it mount of "compimnd-
interest notes''eonverteit into
ii v-e-i wenty bondssinee the 1st
of October hist    11, H7..529
  123,281,904
The amount then left as the available cur-
lenry of the country is  900,107,320
lu order to ascertain the amount of aet-
ual active circulation on the 1st riav of
October last, there should be deducted
hom the last mentioned sum—
Tlie amount of national euvrcney deliv-
ered to banks, and not then in circula-
tion  $10,525,152
National circulation not deliv-
ered to banks 109,152,945
.Amount of legal-tender notes
held ^ by_ banks, including
$71,201,817 compound-interest
/ notes _ 193,094,305
C no pound-in teiest notes, other
than those held by banks,
mo,-il> held as investments by
insurance and trust compa-
nies and -.icings bunks, less
say rrlO,000,000 m actual circu-
lation. .... .......    121,314,195
Cut] ene} in the Xi ea.-jul\> of i.lic
United States..  50.236,410
  499,323.097
Showing the actual circulation to be $400,844,232
I do not oil e those differences simply because
of the varian e of the results. If that were all,
5 should take the figures of the Secretary as
the head of the Department and a gentleman
in whom I iuive entire confidence. But that is
not all. The mode of getting at the circulation
is what I call attention to. in the one case it is
the smthonzwl circulation, and in the other the
actual circulation. And in this particular it is
not unlike the different modes of calculating the
expenditures of the Government during the
war. The opponents of the war took the total
of the gross appropriations. They paraded
these, and told the country to look at the enor-
mous figures. It was an ingenious method of
stating facts. So now, •when we speak of in-
flation, we must not confound the two. The
Secretary is right, and the Comptroller is
right. But it is with the " actual circulation"
we have to do, because it is that which affects
the country.
The country offers to the business men of
the country nearly eight hundred millions of
currency. Business does not, need so much,
and takes but five hundred millions. Is it not
somewhat arrogant for Congress to say that it
knows very much better than business what it
needs? And can anybody demonstrate that
the actual circulation of the country, as given
by the Comptroller, is in excess? Compareit
with the former circulation, and take into ac-
count the circumstances I have enumerated,
and say whether the proposition that we have
too large a volume of currency in actual use is
a clear one; or compare with the amount in
circulation in Great Britain and France. Mr.
Carey gives the amount in circulation in France
as $1,070,000,000, or nearly thirty dollars per
head; and in Great Britain as §700,000,1100, or
about twenty-five dollars per head. There are
many reasons why our circulating medium
should be as great as that of either of these
countries.
The fullness of price for merchandise is gen-
erally deemed positive proof of excessive cur-
rency. But how much is due to that, and how
much to the waste of war, to accidental short
supply or excessive demand or large taxation, is
not well settled. Corn is at the old gold price ;
wheat is above it. There is a full stock of one
and not of the olher.. Foreign goods run high
and cannot be cheap on gold so long as the
present tariff holds. As we go toward specie
some articles recede rapidly in price and some
do not. 1 presume nobotly expects under the
great influx of gold and taxation to see the
whole list of prices average as low as it was
before the war. If they do they will be disap-
pointed. The present generation will live its
life out on high prices.
It seems to me, sir, that the great demand
for legislation upon this subject arises out of
apprehension of future trouble. It is supposed
that the trade of the country will bccome de-
ranged. But the country has survived many
apprehended crises, even during my day, and
while 1 would not shut my eyes to real evils
that were impending and might be avoided,
I would try haid not lo be too greatly disturbed
by i.mcied ones. Almost every gentleman on
tin; tloor knows that his constituents up to this
time have been unusually prosperous. How
long this state of things will continue who
knows? And although it is said with much ear-
nestness that this apparent prosperity is unreal
and delusive, yet I know that all overtiie country
people would be very glad to make the delusion
perpetual, and seriously, is it worth while in the
present condition of affairs, when the tendency
of things is all right, to interpose, and for the pur-
pose of avoiding a supposed catastrophe run the
risk of hurrying the country into commercial
difficulties (hat may be serious ? I kn ow the theo-
ries that prevail on the subject. It is theoretic-
ally impossible that the present state of things
should continue. Bui I know, also, that it was
theoretically impossible that it should exist
now : and it may be in this day of strange things
that financial wonders may follow in close com-
pany with the political oddities that abound.
I am quite disposed to try it. We all know
the man who, upon demonstrating his theory,
was told the facts were against him. "So much
the worse for the facts," said he. It will
hardly do to follow his example in finance. I
am willing to let theories slide and stick to
facts.
But supposing it to be necessary to reduce
the volume of currency, when shall we begin ?
Take the resolution of December 18 and con-
strue it to mean contraction of the currency
irrespective of everything else, and what then?
The gentleman from Illinois yesterday paraded
that resolution at large as if he had the House
in a trap and took great satisfaction in spring-
ing it. But the most he can make of the reso-
lution is " contraction of the currency." Prop-
erly construed it means that the House approve
such speedy contraction as business interests
will permit. But if it be absolute and imme-
diate contraction, how shall we proceed? We
have now three currencies in the country, and
they are, as authorized by law, nearly as fol-
lows :
United States currency, consisting of greenbacks and
postage  $450,959,1U7
National bank circulation  257,072,910
State bank circulation, about  60,000,000
Total $768,032.017
By general consent the State bank circulation
is to be counted out. These worthy institutions
are done. They have been destroyed for the
benefit of this great brood of national banks.
And the important question before the House
is whether when the currency is lessened it shall
be by cutting off national bank notes or by
withdrawing " greenbacks." Is there anything
in the resolution that settles this point?
The evident design of this bill is to strike at
the greenback currency and leave the other in
full volume. Why? Is the bank circulation
any better or more convenient than the "green-
back?" Surely nobody will say that so long
as its only legal value consists in its converti-
bility on demand into "greenbacks." Will the
withdrawal of a hundred million "greenbacks"
hasten specie payments any more rapidly than
retiring an equal amount of bank currency?
To say this is to say that it will take more specie to
redeem a given amount of "greenbacks" than it
will to redeem the same amount of bank cur-
rency, for specie payments are not. resumed until
complete convertibility is established for all
kinds of currency. If we could strike out of
existence the S317,072,910 of bank circulation it
would be just as easy a task to make the rem aining
"greenbacks" convertible as it would to make
the banks specie paying if so many United States
notes had been withdrawn. It would be easier.
The country never had a currency with which
it was so well satisfied as with this. And when
the day comes for the announcement that the
Government is ready to pay gold and silver for
its notes there will be no rush to make the ex-
change. There will be no element of distrust as
to ultimate payment from which banks suffer in
time of panic, and no individual will take the
trouble to exchange convenient paper for in-
convenient gold unless he bo engaged in for-
eign trade or wishes it for special purpose.
Of course there can be but one way to "re-
sume specie payments." Those whose notes
are out must strengthen themselves with specie,
so as to pay such as are presented for payment.
The national banks now have a large circula-
tion, with very little specie. Out of the large
cities, the first thing a State bank does when
it becomes national is to sell its specie. The
Government has about one dollar of specie for
every ten of circulation. Of course if the Gov-
ernment sets itself steadily at work accumulat-
ing specie, and at the same time represses bank
circulation, it would not be a great while before
it would be in a state to make the announcement
that it was ready to pay specie on demand.
The Secretary seems now to be engaged in
selling gold largelv, for the double purpose of
obtaining the premium and depressing the price
of gold. I hope he may succeed in his experi-
ment. If he does not he can take the opposite
coursb and hoard gold, with the avowed purpose
of continuing to do so until he has enough on
hand to warrant a resumption. This course,
if persisted in, will accomplish the purpose,
and meantime the banks will take notice of his
movements and withdraw their own circulation
for the purpose of preparing themselves for the
demands that will be made upon them. Thus
all parties would work together to hasten the
advent of specie payments. Bui before that
time the course of business aDd good manage
