2414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fce., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of B. E. Harrison,
of Lagrange. Prince William county,Virginia, asking
that United States taxes paid by him may be refunded.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of 71 citizens of
Butler county, Pennsylvania, for an increase of duty
on foreign wools.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 7, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
smithsonian report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Smithsonian Institution, transmit-
ting the annual Report of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution for the year 1865; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing, with the follow-
ing resolution, submitted by Mr. Trumbull:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
Reportofthe Smithsonian Institution be printed: two
thousand for the Institution, and three thousand for
the uso of the Senate; and that the said report be
stereotyped.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of Ben-
jamin Franklin, late a private in company H,
second Minnesota cavalry, who lost both hands
and both feet while absent from his regiment
on a furlough, praying for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth of Fox river, in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
two hundred and sixty-four glass-blowers, and
others, employed in the glass manufacturing
business in the third congressional district of
Pennsylvania, praying for an increased tariff
on imported glassware to protect their labor
and prevent the serious injury to and suspension
of their business threatened by the large orders
for foreign glassware being filled under the
present insufficient tariff; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Lou-
isa Baird, praying for compensation for her
interest in the steamboat Sovereign, which she
alleges was seized and sold at Cairo, Illinois,
under a decree of confiscation of the United
States district court for that district; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
N. S. Davis, and nineteen other medical gen-
tlemen, representing themselves to bo a com-
mittee appointed by the American Medical
Association, recently in session in Baltimore,
praying that the medical and surgical history
of the late war, prepared in the office of the
Surgeon General of the United States Army,
as a work of great use to the public and to the
medical profession, be printed by the Govern-
ment ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Bre-
vet Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis and other
officers of the United States Army stationed in
Texas, stating that they understand the act
authorizing an increase in the commutation of
officers' rations expired on the 1st of May, 1866,
and praying for its renewal; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That Miles Devino have leavo to with-
draw his petition and other papers from the files of
tho Senate,
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered That John Egenolf have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate a certain bond whioh
accompanied his claim upon which an adverse report
was made and to which report the Senate agreed on
the 4th instant.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs aw' the Militia, to whom was
referred the petition of William H. Allen, late
colonel of the first and one hundred and forty-
fifth regiments of New York volunteers, pray-
ing to be reimbursed for expenses incurred by
him in raising those regiments and for com-
pensation for services while in command of the
latter regiment, reported that the petitioner
have leave to withdraw his petition and other
papers from the files of the Senate ; which was
agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.'No.
307) authorizing the restoration of Commander
Charles Hunter to the Navy; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
308) confirming the title of Alexis Gardapierto
a cestain tract of land in the county of Brown,
and State of Wisconsin; which %vas read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 309)
to authorize Samuel Stevens, a Stockbridge
Indian, to enter and purchase a certain tract
of land in the Stockbridge reserve in Wiscon-
sin; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
claims on nevada.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 84) authorizing the pay-
ment of certain claims against the late Terri-
tory of Nevada; which was read a first time by
its title, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the reading of
the resolution at length and for its present
consideration. I will state that in the settle-
ment of the accounts of the Territory of Ne-
vada there was a surplus in the legislative fund
and a small deficiency in the fund for the pay-
ment of the exposes of the executive depart-
ment of the Territory. This resolution was
drawn up in tho Treasury Department, and
simply provides for the transfer of a sufficient
amount of the surplus in the legislative fund
to settle the accounts for the executive depart-
ment. I presume it will be unnecessary to refer
the resolution to any committee.
The Secretary read tho joint resolution. To
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
and jpay outstanding claims chargeable to the
contingent expenses of the executive depart-
ment of the Territory of Nevada it proposes to
transfer so much of the unexpended balance of
appropriation for compensation and mileage of
members of the Legislative Assembly, &c., of
the Territory of Nevada as maybe found neces-
sary for that purpose to the credit of the fund for
paying the contingent expenses of the executive
department of the Territory; and the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury are directed
out of the balance thus transferred to pay the
claims as adjusted and allowed.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks for the present consid-
eration of this joint resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
go over, so that we may see it in print.
Mr. STEWART. As there seems to be some
objection to it, I ask that it lie on tho table,
and I will call it up in the morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution lies over under the rule.
Subsequently, on the motion of Mr. Stewart,
the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
railroads in wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 85) explanatory of,
and in addition to,' the act of May 5, 1864,
entitled "An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in Wiscon-
sinwhich was read twice by its title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that this joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and I desire for a single instant
to call the attention of my honorable friend
who is at the head of that committee [Mr.
Pomekoy] to it. , It does not ask for any addi-
tional grant of land whatever. It asks simply
that Congress shall assent to the disposition
which the Legislature of the State of Wiscon-
sin have m,ade of the grants—a disposition
which was-made, I think, unanimously by the
Legislature. It takes no more land, but it is
a changing of the route in order to avoid the
difficulties, if I may so express myself, which
Congress imposed upon the Legislature of
Wisconsin when they gave them different start-
ing places in the State at which to begin, arriv-
ing at a single point on Lake Superior. The
difficulties growing out of the struggle between
those local places led to some considerable dis-
cussion in the Legislature, and finally, as I
understand it, they agreed upon this resolution
unanimously. It asks no additional land, but
it asks a change of the route so as to conform
to the local interests of these places. I hope
my honorable friend from Kansas, in taking
up the resolution in his committee, will let us
hear from it at an early day.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands will be glad to hear the Senator from
Wisconsin at any meeting of the committee.
We meet on Thursday, and I hope the Sena-
tor will come and see us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, if there be no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE subsequently said: At
tho suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Kansas, the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, I ask that the joint resolution
introduced by me in relation to the land grants
to Wisconsin, and which was referred to that
committee, be ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be entered if there be no objec-
tion.
taxation or national banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate threjfcthousand copies of the recent decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States, with the
opinions of the several judges, on the taxation of
national banks by State authority.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is unusual for the
Senate to print decisions of the Supreme Court;
but there are a multitude of cases pending,
growing out of the taxation of United States
securities, by or under State, authority, and I
have had a great number of applications for
this decision, in order to govern the action in
other cases.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it not published by the
reporter ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is published by the
reporter; but the fund is limited, and the num-
ber published by him is exhausted. I have
here what he tells me is the last copy. I
should like to have this resolution adopted, so
that we may have it in this form.
The resolution was adopted.
approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, announced
thatthc President had approved and signed, on
the 3d instant, the following joint resolutions:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 34) expressive
of the gratitude of the nation to the officers,
soldiers, and seamen of the United States; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 70) making
appropriations for the expenses of collecting
the revenue from customs.
And also that the President had approved
and signed, on the 5th instant, the following
acts:
An act (S. No. 26) to encourage telegraphic
communication between the United States and
the island of Cuba and the other West India
islands, and the Bahamas ; and
An act (S. No. 155) concerning the bound-
aries of the State of Nevada.
