m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GTLOBE.
January 24;
irtrraoiAt proceedings is kentucky.
,■ Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the gentleman to yield
cjjies moment to allow me to make a privileged
motion. , I move to reconsider the resolution
adopted by this House yesterday, offered by
one of-my colleagues, [Mr. McKee,] which I
think reflects upon the judiciary of Kentucky.
I {lo not believe the gentleman intended to do
so, and therefore I desire to enter thattmotion.
' ,The, SPEAKER. The motion, will be en-
48 Jfc W45HBUENB, oflllinois. I now re-
new, the, rfiotion to adjourn, .
'Hie motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
. Wednesday, January 24, 1806.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
■ 'The PRESIDENT pro ie.m'pore presented a
petition of discharged and disabled soldiers,
who enlisted in the years 1801 and 1862, pray-
ing for an equalization of bounties; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
The PRESIDENTpro temporenlso presented
the petition of H. H. Allen, praying compensa-
tion for .goods sold to Captain Thomas Jordan,
assistant- quartermaster United States Army,
when on duty in that capacity at Fort Dalles,
Oregon; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of citi-
zens of the Territory of Colorado, now sojourn-
ing in the city of New York, in which they ex-
press the hope that the Territory of Colorado,
to which they belong, may speedily be admitted
into the -Union, but with a proviso—"provided^
that she shall be assured a republican form of
government now and for all time to come' and
whatever otter measures Congress may adopt
to that end, they most earnestly and respectfully
ask that the word "white" be expunged from
her constitution wherever it may occur before
she be permitted to count herself among and
become one of the sisters of this great and most
glorious Republic. As the bill for the admis-
sion of the Territory of Colorado is already on
the table in the Senate, I move that this peti-
tion lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
the Board of Trade of Detroit, Michigan, pray-
ing for the improvement of the St. Clair flats
and the enlargement of the Canadian canals by
means of a treaty with Croat Britain for that
object; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
lie also presented n petition of citizens of
Michigan, icsidents of the collection district
of Detroit, praying that that district may be
divided into two eollcetion districts, and that
the principal office of the new district may be
located at Port Huron, on the St. Clair river,
opposite the terminus of the Grand Trnnk and
Great Western railways in Canada j which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the com-
mon council of Port Huron, Michigan, praying
for the sale of so much of the military reser-
vation at Port Gratiot, in that State, as may
not be required for actual military purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. BROWN. I present a petition of certain
colored citizens of Denver, in the Territory of
Colorado, showing "that the State constitution,
framed by a citizens' convention, and adopted
by an almost insiguificant majority of the legal
voters of Colorado, preparatory to admission
as a State, excludes all colored citizens of the
Territory of Colorado^ from the right of suffrage
by the incorporation in that instrument of the
words 1 all white male citizens.''' The petition-
ers. therefore, "beseech your honorable body
not to admit the Territory as a State until the
word 'white' be erased from her constitution.-'
I ask that this petition may take the same course
with the petition which was just presented by
the Senator from Massachusetts in regard to the
State of Colorado, and lie upon the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I present a
petition for universal suffrage signed by some
of the most intelligent and accomplished women
of our land, asking an amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States that shall pro-
hibit the several States from disfranchising any
of their citizens on the ground of sex.
The petition sets forth that the Constitution
classes them as '' free people " and counts them
as "whole"' persons in the basis of represent-
ation, and yet that they are governed without
their consent, taxed without appeal, and pun-
ished without choiec of judge or jury. There-
fore, as Congress lias now before it amendments
to the Constitution in harmony with advancing
civilization, placing new safeguards round the
individual rights of four million emancipated
slaves, they ask you '' to extend the right of
suffrage to women, the only remaining class of
disfranchised citizens, and thus fulfill the con-
stitutional obligation to guaranty to every State
a republican form of go^ ernment."
Justice and equality is what they pray for,
and as the only sure protection for that they
demand the ballot.
One other word I perhaps ought to say in
presenting this petitition; it is that they, the
women of the land, who have shared so many
of the hardships of this war, and shed such ra-
diance of Christian charity over the wrecks it
lias wrought, have, so far as they are moved to
make this demand for equal suffrage, been con-
tent to hold their claim in abeyance, that the
nation might establish the principle of freedom
in the person of the slave. But having done
so, they fear now that the same constitutional
amendment which may carry civil rights to the
emancipated classes may prohibit those rights,
either directly or by implication, to women.
They deprecate any such action or thought, and
in view of it they feel no longer content to re-
main silent. They believe in the rightfulness
of their demand: and so believing, they appeal
to the reason, no less than the sympathy, of the
Congress of the United States to take heed that
at least nothing prejudicial to their claim shall
go upon the record.
1 move the reference of this petition to the
joint committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SA U LKBURY. I rise to present a paper,
in the form of a memorial to the Senate and
House of Representatives, upon a very impor-
tant subject, and, as 1 desire (hat the committee
on reconstruction should give it their particular
attention, 1 wdl read it as it is very short.. In
presenting it I wish it distinctly understood that
1 do not desire to invade the exclusive domain
of any Senator upon this door. The memorial
is in these words:
"Tho undersigned, inhabitant* of Appoqninimink
hundred, in the State of Delaware, respectfully but
earnestly enti oat your honoi able bod; to adopt such
a proposed amendment of the United States Consti-
tution, to be presented to the several States for ratifi-
cation, as will forevorpreveut every State from mak-
ing any distinction in civil right.-, and privileges among
the na-turalized citizens of theUnited vStales residing1
within its limits, or among persons horn on its soil,
on account <>l. l-ace, color, or descent."
As there arc a lew car-marks upon this peti-
tion, which show the manner in which they are
gotten Up. I beg leave to read them—it will take
but a moment:
" Postma^teis and others reocivincc copies of the
blanks wil 1 do t lie cause auood service L>v placing them
in such hands as will eanva.-s Iheirucishboilioodslor
signers, in ease they cannot give proper attention to
the matter themselves.
"The above blanks should beattachedto the required
number ot half sheets of paper, and may be .signed by
persons of both sexes. When filled one copy may bo
sentto anyinembor of the Senate"—
I suppose that is the reason this has been
sent to me—
"and the ether 1 o the member from the petitioner's
district, in the House, botti postngefree. Extra copies
of these blanks may bo had at the Anti-Slavery office,
No. 5 South Fifth street, Philadelphia."
To the bottom of the petition is attached the j
following:
"I have offered this for signers and no one will sign
so you may set it down we have no negro men here."
I move to refer this paper to the joint com--
mittee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the memorial
of loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Virginia,
praying for compensation for property destroyed'
by fare, and for live stock taken for the use of
the Army or sold for the benefit of the United'
States by order of General Sheridan. The pe-
titioners represent that they are, and always
have been, loyal citizens attached to the Gov-
ernment, subjecting their persons and property
to peril on that account, and conceive them-,
selves entitled to protection. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Rebecca Irwin, widow of Archibald Irwin, late
a private jn battery C, first regiment of Rhode
Island light artillery, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a memorial of Edward St.
Clair Clarke, an acting assistant paymaster in
the United States Navy, praying to be relieved
from all responsibility in consequence of money
lost by robbery in May, 1863, while he was at-
tached to the United States steamer Sumter,
then lying at the navy-yard at Brooklyn, New
York; which was referred to tho Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of Fred-
erick Yincent, administrator of James Le Caze,
late of the firm of Le Caze & Mallctt, praying
for the payment of a balance alleged to be due
for advances made by them to the Government
during the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Mrs.
Maria L. Saunders, praying for indemnifica-
tion for losses alleged to have been sustained
by her in the destruction of her property in
Paducah, Kentucky, by United States soldiers
under the order of Colonel Stephen G. Hicks,
on the 20th of March, 1804 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of
G. Buckingham, S. J. Bowen, and B. H. Na-
dal, the executive committee of tho National
Freedmen's Relief Association of the District
of Columbia, praying for an appropriation for
the relief of refugees commonly called "con-
trabands,1' and that authority bo given to the
Secretary of "War to place under the control of
the Krcedmen's Bureau such G ovemment build-
ings as arc not required for tho public service;'
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
credentials.
Mi. GRIMES. I move that the credentials
of my colleague-elect, Hon. .Samui:t, J. Kirk-
wood, be taken from the table and read.
The credentials of Mr. Kiukwood, elected
by the Legislature of Iowa a Senator for the
unexpired term of Mr. Harlan, ending March 3,
1807, were read.
Mr. GRIMES. My colleague is now present
and prepared to take the oaths of office.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The Sen-
ator will come forward and take the oaths.
Mr. Kiukwood advanced to the desk, and
the oaths prescribed bylaw having been admin-
istered to him he took his seat in the Senate.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Onlercd, That the petition of Charles M irray, a
paymaster in the United States -Navy, on tho files oJ
tho Senate, be referred to the Committeo oniNa-val
Affairs.
Mr. FOOT. Yesterday an order was made
for the withdrawal of the petition and other
papers in the case of Jonathan Ball, for the
extension of his patent. I now move that the
petition and accompanying papers be referred
