3374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
mitted to them? They said it was jnst, and
reported this bill in his favor.
We do not establish the precedent of paying
for services when there was no contract. You
could not make a contract. You could not
tell how much time it would take. After the
work was done he presented his bill, and we
do not see any reason why it should not be
paid. This bill was to have been reported by
the chairman of the committee, the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] now absent on ac-
count of sickness. He put it into my hand and
requested me to report it. I only wish the
House to understand the circumstances, and
if they see fit they may vote down the bill and
I shall have no complaint to make.
Mr. WARD. Should not this be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union? It involves an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to make the
point of order.
Mr. BEAMAN. Does the Department em-
ploy men it cannot pay ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. He
supposed he would receive his pay when he
had completed the, work.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Is there any
evidence of any understanding these services
were to be paid for?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. At
first it was expected it would only take a few
days; when it extended over thiee years of
course it was expected he should be paid. The
question is whether we will pay him for the
work he has done. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
51, nays 41, not voting 90; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baldwin,
Ben man, Binsham, Blaine, BoutwelL Buckland,
Bandy, Cofiroth, Conkling, Darling, Dawes, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eliot, Fa.rqtihar, Griswold,
Hayes, Holmes, Hooper, Asaliel W. Hubbard, John
II. Hubbard,Hulburd.Jenekes, Julian,ICasson, Kel-
ley, Longyoar, Lynch, Marvin, McOlur,-;, MeKee,
Mcliuer, Miller, Jloulton, Perham, Pike, Sawyer,
Stevens, Stihvoll, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, Hemy D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Windora, and Woodbridge—51.
NAYS—-Messrs. Baker, Bergen, Boyer, Bromwoll,
Cobb, Cook, Cnllom, Dawson, L>etrees, Denison,
Eekley, I'd nek-, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding,
Henderson, Humphrey, Kelso. Kerr, Gcorgo V. Law-
rence, William Lawronco, Loan, Marshall, Marston,
Mcrcur, NiblaeJ;, Orth, Paine, Price, Hitter, Ross,
Scofield, Sitgreaves. Tabor, Thornton. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Ward, ElihuB. Washburne, Wcntvvorth,
and Wintiekl—41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter,
Benjamin. Bidwell, Blow, Brandegee, Broomall,
Chanler, Reader AY. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Culver,
Davis, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Earnsworth, Perry, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Giinnell, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hart,
Higby, Hill, Hogan, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. llubbell, James R. Hub-
bell, Ingersoll, Johnson. Jones, Ketcham, Kuyken-
dall, Laflin, Latham, Le Blond, McCullougli, Mc-
Indoe, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell,
Nicholson, Noell, O'Noill, Patterson, Phelps, Plants,
Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H.
Randall,Raymond,AlexanderII. Rice, John II. Rice,
Rogers, Rollins, Rousseau, Sehenck, Shanklin, Shel-
labarger. Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Strouse,
Taylor, Thayer. Francis Thomas. John L. Thomas,
Van Aernam, Welker, Vv haley, Williams. James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wright—90.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative to make a quorum; and so the bill
is passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eleanor c. hansom.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, i-eported a bill for the
relief of Mrs. Eleanor C. Ransom: which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read in full. It authorizes the
payment of $400 to indemnify the claimant for
losses sustained by the sinking of the steam-
ship North America, on the 22d of December,
1864, during her voyage from New Orleans to
New York, she having been on board to nurse
and care for the sick and wounded soldiers of
the United States during the voyage.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not wish to consume time, but simply to state
this case to the House, it being a little different
from the cases usually reported by the commit-
tee, and then to leave it to the House to pass
the bill or not, as they may deem best. Vari-
ous individuals who have acted as volunteer
nurses in the Army during the war have ap-
peared before the committee asking for com-
pensation, and in all cases the committee have
reported adversely upon them. This lady was
employed by the Sanitary Commission of Indi-
ana to act as hospital nurse at Memphis, and
she had charge of the hospital there as matron
for several years. After taking charge of vari-
ous hospitals she was sent to New Orleans, her
daughter accompanying her. There her daugh-
ter was taken sick, and returned home and
died. The steamer North America was about
to leave with some two hundred of our wounded
and sick soldiers, and it was the desire of the
medical department, as many of the soldiers
were very ill, that some matron should attend.
Accordingly the medical officer requested this
lady to accompany the sick soldiers on the re-
turn of the vessel. She consented to go. On
the voyage the ship was lost, and out of all the
two hundred persons on board only sixteen,
including this lady, were saved. On board the
vessel was all that she and her daughter pos-
sessed. All the money and every thing else
she had left in the world went to the bottom.
Even her satchel, which contained the small
pittance which she had left, was lost, and she
had nothing but the clothing which was upon
her. Now, she asks nothing for her five years'
service which she gave, nothing for the money
she had expended, which took her last dollar.
She simply comes'and asks if we will do some-
thing to provide the means by which she may
supply her wardrobe which went, to the bot-
tom. Under these circumstances the com-
mittee recommend the passage of a bill giving
her $400 to make up that loss. If the House
think the committee acted injudiciously in rec-
ommending the passage of this bill they will,
of course, vote against it. If, on the other
hand, they think the committee have done
right they will sustain the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the bill
by striking out " $400" and inserting " $500"
in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joiin m. broome, et al.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
from the Committee of Claims, reported a joint
resolution for the relief of John M. Broome,
and others; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ober, nanson and company.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
from the Committee of Claims, reported a bill
for the relief of Ober, Nanson & Co., merchants
of New York; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was then read at length.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not wish to consume the time of the House by
discussing tfliis bill. I will simply state the facts
in this case, and then if the House chooses to
reject the bill it can do so. The bill refers to
certain compound-interest notes which were
sent to New Orleans by mail. A record was
taken of the numbers, and each note verified
and certified to. There is no dispute in regard
to the numbers.
There was a difference of opinion in the
committee as to whether any relief should be
granted under the circumstances or not. The
bill, however, simply preserves the evidence
in the case, and the Treasury Department, on
the maturing of the compound-interest notes,
the numbers all being preserved, will pay the
notes to these parties. The bill simply pre-
serves the evidence ; and that being done, these
parties may raise money upon the notes in
advance of their payment. They would lose
some sixty thousand dollars unless some such
provision as this were made. There may be
some doubt, and I confess I had doubts myself,
whether, in the case of any of these short com-
pound-interest notes — seven-thirties — which
mature in three years, where, if the party los-
ing them, can make out his evidence to the
Department, he can collect the notes, we should
furnish relief; but a majority of the committee
were in favor of furnishing relief in this case.
All the bill amounts to is this, that six months
after the maturity of these compound-interest
notes the Government may pay them," as it would
do without the bill; only the parties think that
the passage of this bill will enable them to raise
money in advance.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, in the first place,
what is the amount involved in this bill?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
amount of the compound-interest notes shown
to have been lost is $60,000.
Mr. BINGHAM. On what ground is the
Government asked to pay for them? Is it be-
cause they were in the United States mail?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Sim-
ply because the evidence shows these notes
tirpvrt lnsf
Mr. BINGHAM. How?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Inthe
United States mail.
Mr. BINGHAM. Exactly; because they
were transmitted in the United States mail.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes,
sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is it proposed by this bill
to establish the principle of making the Gov-
ernment of the United States the insurer for
.every dollar that is transmitted through the
mail?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Not
at all. The Government must pay those notesin
two years; and the simple question is whether
Congress shall furnish any present aid and
relief. We do not propose that the Govern-
ment shall pay these notes any sooner than if
the bill should not pass.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think it is due to my-
self as well as to the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mi-. Washburn-,] to saythatit
is far from my purpose to insist here on what
are known among lawyers as technicalities.
But I want to know if the passage of this bill
is to imply that the Government of the United
States is to pay for every lost security of the
Government in the absence of legal proof of
the fact of its existence, in the first place, &nd
in the second place of its ownership. I want
to know if that is what is involved in this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Be-
fore the Committee of Claims took any action
in this case we went to the Treasury Depart-
ment and submitted the evidence which had
been laid before us, and they said that with
that evidence they would be compelled to pay
the notes when they should mature. They
decided that question. Then the difficulty with
