1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
2415
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. A few days ago I reported
from the Committee on Printing a resolution
to reduce the number of copies of the mechan-
ical Patent Office Report, which was laid over
at the suggestion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clakk,] .and if he has no
objection I should like to have the resolution
disposed of now.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the number of copies heretofore
ordered of the Reports of the Patent Office for the
years 1863 and be reduced from ten thousand of
each to four thousand of each.
The resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the resolution of the Senate instructing the
standing Committees of the two Houses on
Public Buildings and Grounds to make inquiry
concerning the further accommodation of the
State Department.
. The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed, without
amendment, the bill (S. No. 90) enlarging the
powers of the levy court of the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
of Represenlatives had passed the following
bills, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3) to revive the grade of
general in the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 352) to incorporate the
National Theological Institute;
A bill (H. R. No. 388) to authorize the
extension, construction, and use of a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
into and within the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 482) to incorporate the
Howard Institute and Home, of the District of
Columbia: and
A bill (H. R. No. 510) to incorporate the
Academy of Music of Washington city.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. '*
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No.
80) extending the time for the completion of
the Union Pacific railway, eastern division; and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 101.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 101) for the relief of certain
officers of the Army, the pending question
being on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
amended, as follows:
Resolved, That in every case in which a com-
missioned officer actually entered on duty as such
commissioned officer, but by reason of being killed
in battle, capture by the enemy, or other cause be-
yond his control, and without fault or ncglect of his
own, was not mustered within a period of not less
than thirty days from acceptance of appointment or
actual entry upon duty, and who was afterward regu-
larly mustered into the service of the United States,
the pay department shall allow to such officer full
pay and emoluments from the date on which such
officer actually entered on such duty as aforesaid, de-
ducting from the amount paid, in accordance with this
resolution, all pay actually received by such officer for
such period.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have this joint
resolution lie over, for the purpose of having
a report made in regard to some questions I
asked at the War Department connected with
it. I hope the Senator from Oregon will let it
lie over to-day, and I shall endeavor to be ready
to-morrow.
Mr. NESMITH. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. I move that thefurther con-
sideration of the joint resolution be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEER ARMY REGISTER.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 83) respecting the publication
of the Volunteer Army Register was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of War
to cause to be canceled the volumes of the
Roster of volunteers already printed, and to
provide that the Roster compiled as directed
by the joint resolution approved March 2, 1865,
be published in accordance with a plan sub-
mitted by the Superintendent ofPublic Printing.
Mr. WILSON. The object of this joint res-
olution is to have a correct publication, and to
have it at a greatly reduced cost. A joint res-
olution was passed the object of which was to
have a correct roll of the officers of volunteers.
The first volume has been published, covering
the New England States. I have examined it
with care, and I do not believe there is a single
page of it without an error; whole regiments
are left out; names of officers are left out, and
others misspelled, and misstatements made as
regard to them. As a publication it is utterly
worthless, and worse than worthless.
This proposition is to cancel that publica-
tion, and to adopt a plan that will, instead of
having eight volumes, get it into three or four,
less than half the space now occupied, and to
have it correct. There is uo difficulty in hav-
ing a correct Register. It simply requires in-
telligence and careful examination; and unless
it be correct it is of no account. This propo-
sition is to cancel the volume already published,
and to commence anew on a plan prepared by
the Superintendent of Public Printing; and I
think that if this be adopted, it can be (lone at
less than half the expense now about to be
incurred. It is a proposition to get a correct
list at less than half the expense for which we
are to have this incorrect one, and therefore I
hope it will bo adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree in the
remarks that the Senator from Massachusetts
has made; but I should like to inquire of him
if the resolution provides for another defect
which I noticed in that Register. In regard to
a large number of the regiments, 1 should
think half of them, there was this note, " The
engagements in which this regiment has borne
an honorable part have not been made known
in general orders," although some of the regi-
ments were disbanded two or three years ago.
I do not see why it is necessary that the battles
in which the regiments have borne part should
be promulgated in general orders before they
can be put upon the roster; but if it be neces-
sary, I should like to know of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs when we
may expect those orders to be issued. Some
of those regiments have been out of service
for three or four years and some of them were
in a good many battles.
Mr. WILSON. Scarcely any of them have
been promulgated.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does this resolution pro-
vide for that ?
Mr. WILSON. I think it does not, but the
object is to have it published on a correct plan.
Mr. ANTHONY. Would it not be betterto
put in an amendment that the battles in which
they have been engaged should be placed on
t>lic roster?
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
what is the necessity for publishing these large
and cumbrous volumes. I suppose there is
not a State in the Union that has not thorough
reports already made embracing the name of
every person who has enlisted into the Army
from that State during the war, and what be-
came of him, whether he was promoted or not,
and whether he came out of the service safe or
not. I know that to be the case with my State,
and I am thoroughly satisfied that no volume
can be compiled here at the capital that will be
half as accurate or satisfactory in regard to my
State as the adjutant general's report of that
State. I suppose other States are doing the
same thing. If this be so, where is the neces-
sity of duplicating these reports? I suppose
these volumes will cost one "or two hundred
thousand dollars before we are done with them.
Mr. WILSON. Two hundred and fortythou-
sand or two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
on the original plan.
Mr. GRIMES. I apprehend the Senator's
own State has an adjutant general's report.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; and I consider
it very perfect.
Mr. GRIMES. We have one in my State
which is very accurate, and I presume every
State has or will have; hence where is the
necessity for duplication?
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the Senator
from Iowa that in 1864 a joint resolution was
passed providing for the publication of a full
Army Volunteer Register to be in connection
with the regular Army Register. This was not
complied with, ho.wever; and on the 2d of
March, 1865, another jointresolution was passed
"to provide for the publication of a full Army
Register." It provided—
"That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required to cause to bo printed and
published a full roster or roll of all genera), field,
line, and staff officers of volunteers who have been
in the Army of the United States at any time sinco
the beginning of the present rebellion, including? all
informal organizations which have been reorganized
or acceptcd and paid by the United States, showing
whether they are yet in service, or have been dis-
charged therefrom, and giving casualties and other
explanations proper for such registor. And to de-
fray in whole or in part the expenses of this publica-
tion, an edition of twenty-five thousand copies of
such enlarged Register shall be published and may be
sold to officers, soldiers, or citizens, at a price which
shall not moro than covcr the actual cost of paper,
printing, and binding, and shall not in any case ex-
ceed one dollar per j'olume."
Under this resolution the first volume has
been prepared, which includes the New Eng-
land States. I have examined it, and find that
several of the regiments are left out altogether,
and in regard to other regiments there are
many errors. I examined the list of three Mas-
sachusetts regiments and found several mistakes
in each, and I have no doubt that there is hardly
a page in the volume which can be relied upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much has that
volume cost?
Mr. ANTHONY. A dollar a volume for each
copy ; it will take four volumes.
Jill*. WILSON. I understand that it will take
eight dollars. Wo sell it for a dollar a volume,
but it will cost more than that. The volume
cannot be got up for anything like a dollar.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the gross
amount of expenditure?'
Mr. WILSON. Idonotknowprecisely what
it is. I understand that it costs more to cor-
rect the stereotyped plates than it did to make
them originally. If anything is to be done in
this matter, the Register should be made cor-
rect by examining, not only the records in the
offices here, but those in the offices of the
respective States, so that a correct list may be
published, in order that we may have the names
of all the officers who have served in the volun-
teer forces of the United States during the war
in one publication with everything in regard to
their services, showing whether they were dis-
missed or discharged or honorably mustered
out, or whether they were killed or wounded.
By having these facts all in one publication,
they can be ascertained for tho whole country
in any part of the country. It seems to me that
the object, which was what 1 have just stated,
was an excellent one ; and if it should be cor-
rectly carried out, and at a reasonable expense,
the publication would be of great value to the
country. Then in Massachusets we should be
able to learn all these facts with regard to the
officei's of any State, Iowa included, and the
same would be the case in every part of the
country. _
It was provided that a certain number of
copies might be sold at one dollar a volume,
which would defray a part of the expense. A
plan has been adopted at the War Department
