1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
ment of public affairs must have established full
confidence iu the public mind that the perma-
nent revenue of the country will meet the per-
manent expenditure and leave a small margin
for lessening the principal year by year. When
there is no doubt of the continuance of this state
of things specie will have lost its peculiar value.
Of course confidence will come. Sooner or
later we are to pay specie to every man who
wants it in exchange for the Government note
be holds. But the conditions must first be ful-
filled. We shall have no such result as this
without having gone through the proper prep-
aration. This fruit will not be gathered with-
out the precedent cultivation. Why, then, make
discrimination against the Government note
and in favor of the bank note? Ought we to
do it out of special favor to the bajiks ?
I have sometimes feared that these national
banks were pet creations, to be favored at the
expense of the public interest. They frequently
pay large dividends from public deposits. They
are ingenious enough to hold interest-bearing
legal tenders and thus make the Government
pay interest for the money it places in their
custody. It is a business more profitable to the
banks than to the Government. And although
national bank stock rules high, and large divi-
dends are made in all quarters of the country,
still the stockholders in these patriotic institu-
tions are resisting taxation, and eombinc in the
endeavor to extort from the Supreme Court a
decision that their stock shall be exempt from
the burdens of taxation which oppress the prop-
erty of every man in the countiy. And having
obtained that, if they could also compass a mo-
nopoly of tbe banking business of the country,
their greed would lie in a lair way of satisfac-
tion. An avaricious man, even, might be well
satisfied with banking property exempt from
both taxation and competition. I can but hope
that the able committee having the matter in
charge will disappoint expectations founded
upon such a state of things. If anything can
render the banking system of the country com-
pletely odious it will be to make it a monopoly.
It is obvious that besides the reasons 1 have
given for not withdrawing the greenback circu-
lation, the loss of interest which would attend
such a course would be a matter of serious mo-
ment. Tbe 827,000.000 interest money saved
annually by the circulation of Government notes
must, iu case of theii withdrawal, be added
to our.taxation, and the labor of the countrv be
made to pay so much moi e for the benefit of the
stockholders of the banks whose notes would
take the place of tliosewithdrawn. 1 say labor,
for shift the burden as we will, the larger end of
national taxation will always be borne by labor.
This is a very considerable sum, and if it can
be saved year by year it is our duty to do it.
When we shall have resumed specie payments,
the burden of raising even $1100,000,000 a year
'will be found quite sallieient for the comfort of
tax-payers.
For these reasons I prefer to save the Gov-
ernment paper at the expense of the circulation
of the banks. 1 have heretofore urged that Gov-
ernment should take to itself the paper circula-
tion of the country. Let it do so now. Tftx
the bank circulation. That belongs to but few.
Preserve the notes of the Government, because
thev belong to all.
But further. This bill proposes to take money
now subject to taxation and place it without the
reach of State or municipal assessment. Now
it is subject of taxation e\erywhere. I do not
sujipo.se it is generally taxed, but it probably
does not altogether escape the assessor, while
a very considerable fraction of it is found in
the deposits of the banks which are subject to
national taxation. We have already issued
over eleven hundred millions of gold bonds,
which, by the law authorising them, are spe-
cially exempt from State and municipal taxation.
In other words, the present, funded debt of the
country is entirely exempt from State assess-
in. nt. " We cannot now have it otherwise if we
would. It is part of the contract, and the faith
of the nation must bo observed.
But what shall be done in the future ? Shall
we extend the same favor to the holders of the
remainder of our debt? It is a grave question.
At present nearly $2,000,000,000 of the public
debt are exempt from taxation. The items
consist of—
Gold-bearing bonds   $1,177,867,291
Treasury notes called sovcn-thirtics  81S,000,000
Total $1,995,807,291
The remainder of the public debt, over $700,-
000,000, is either now subject to municipal tax-
ation or may be made so by Congress without
breach of public faith.
This bill proposes to permit the Secretary to
fund these $700,000,000 on the same condition
as the present funded debt, and that is, entire
exemption from municipal taxation. The
country tolerated the non-taxation of bonds
issued during the war on the plea of necessity.
We were engaged in a struggle of which the
issue was felt by many to be doubtful. Capi-
tal is proverbially timid. It feared loss, and
in order to obtain its assistance the provision
was inserted that all the extraordinary taxa-
tion which would be necessitated by the war
should seek other objects, and in no case should
its burdens fall upon the bonds of the United
Stales. It was a hard bargain. I thought it
unnecessarily hard, and voted accordingly.
But it was made and must be kept. But what
excuse have wc now for renewing it? It may
be said that our bonds cannot be placed on as
good terms without this exemption. Very
true. But lot us suffer the discount. Better
do that than place the Government in the posi-
tion of doing an injustice.
Itis matter ol' no small moment. Tliofieo-
ple of the country are much more oppressed
by local than by national taxation, in many
parts of the country taxation on land amounts
to large rent. In my State the State taxa-
tion last year for State purposes was one and
a half per cent, of a lair valuation. In ad-
dition to this was the county and town taxa-
tion, ami the three put together could hardly
have amounted to less than four per cent, on
the average.; and this on a full valuation.
Sir. Hayes, one of the revenue commission-
ers appointed by the Secretary under authority
of Congress, says of this taxation, after full
examination of the subject:
"The addition at local taxes which are levied every-
wheie are for State, count-*, or township, road, arid
school purposes. rl'he--e, with special war taxes, to
pay tor moneys expended in recruiting and bounties
to soldiers, arc as high as live per cent. 111 a number
of counties; leavin?: the special taxes out of view,
they will probaldv^averagc iieai ly one per cent. \V'o
have seen that in Now York they arc nine ty-nino and
a naif of one per cent. If they weie only hixty--ix
and two thirds of ono per cent., the average of all
taxes under State authority, including municipal,
woui 1 bejust one per cent., and that tiguro may bo
taken as a fair equation of all the taxes by or under
j State authority. At that estimate thelocal revenues
would be 4150,0110,000.
"Tboonly tax paid for any purposobv those whose
property is all in the Government seeuiilies, except
tho tax xiaiil on articles of eonsumption, which i.s
neailv as lartre, and a thousand ti met moi e oneroid on
the laborer than on tho millionaii o, is 1 lie, ta x on in-
comes Thi-*tax is more oa>i!y evaded by the bond-
holdcrtliau byany erne else. \Vrben the local assessor
calls lio can show hi- boinK and the business of the
assessor i.s at, an end with him. When tho assessor
of the Geueiai Government calls, las bonds may be
held on foreign account—at all events, he alone
knows (he amounl. Whether honest oi dishonest,
he has no tax to pay if lie hold but £10,'000 in gold six
per cents. His neighbors arc taxed t<i pay bounties
for the substitutes tor his sons when the country
claimed their service.-, in the litld. They are taxed
to pave and light tlie_ stioetsand adorn the narks in
which he takes the air, to afford schools for his chil-
dren, to pro\ ido eoiuts aiidjiuies and policemen for
tho protection of his person and to preserve from the
robber or the burglar the very bonds in question.
Prom all these reasonable taxes he is exempt.
"The fact ot this exemption with no equivalent
taxation is known, and is causing irritation all over
| the land. It is felt as a hard and unjust discrimina-
tion against those who have tied themselves to the
country by becoming owners of the soil,and who are
using their means in adding to tho wealth of the na-
tion by fair and honest industry."
Mr. Hayes proposes a general taxation of
bonds by the Government as a substitute for
local taxation. He suggests one per cent to
be deducted when coupons are paid. Ho gives
the statements of some of the wealthiest men in
New York who acquiesce in the propriety of
his views. But I confess the plan does not
strike me favorably. It ia simply scaling down
the interest. When the English Government
cut down the interest of its debt, they aceom-
panicd it with an offer to pay the principal.
We could fairly do no less.
I prefer to see the experiment tried of issu-
ing bonds which shall take the same chance
as other property of like value. Let them be
sold at their market value, and taxed fairly.
T do not believe the serious results apprehended
would follow.
State bonds are taxable, and still they rule
on the average as high as national bonds, and
in many cases higher. Why is this? If it be
because there is after all a feeling of distrust
in the public mind and apprehension that the-
nation may grow weary and throw off' its bur-
dens ; if this feeling of distrust permeates the
financial mind and makes it falter when it puts
up its money for the national securities, may
it not be removed, partially at least, by rer
moving one of the great causes of public unea-
siness?
It has been easy to exhibit the strength of
the secuiity of the public debt by statistics f
abundance of property, great income and in-
creasing, as the daily returns attest; resources
available and sufficient to pay principal and
interest, within the lifetime of many of this
generation. And still United States sixes are-
selling in London at 70, while British consols
bearing three per cent, interest bring 87.
Our national debt has been attacked North
and South. In the North the only salienfc
point of attack has been its non-taxable qual-
ities. The South, of course, objects to it be-
cause it was the great engine for their subjec-
tion. The northern objection we can obviate.
The southern we must continue to conquer.
Thus, it, may bo that, after a little, the taxa-
tion which stocks will undergo if my amend-
ment is adopted, may enhance their market
value.
In furtherance of this view it must be recol-
lected that the price of our stocks here is much
influenced if not absolutely controlled by the
price they bring abroad. Nearly one third of
our funded debt isownediriTCurope. Of course
it makes no difference in the London market
whether tbe bond sold there would or would
not be taxed in New York if held there at the
time of the annual assessment. The price there-
is governed by the views they take of the gen-
eral posture of affairs here, and they follow con-
siderations entirely outside of questions of tax-
ation. And for one 1 see no reason why the
Secretary should not be allowed to sell bonds
abroad if ho can get a better price for them than
at home. Bonds will of course go abroad if the.
market price calls them there. And if holders
can without expense of brokerage receive their
dividends in some convenient place in Europe,
our bonds would undoubtedly appreciate, and
as they enhance in value the price of gold on
this side declines, and we approach specie pay-
ments. Any one who has interested himself ia
such matters for the last six months cannot but-
have noticed that gold declines in New York
with the advance of bonds in London, atul ad-
vances when they decline there. Thus, the
sale of bonds abioad, at enhanced prices, will
help us on the road toward specie.
Willi these views I cannot vote for the bill
before the IIous.o. I doubt the necessity of
cnforccd contraction of the currency. But if
it is to be contracted by law let the bank circu-
lation go first. Tax that out of existence, if
necessary. 1 will go as far as the man who will
go farthest in this direction. When that has,
been done retire so many ligreenbacks" as may
be necessary. Once on a specie basis let the
business of the country regulate itself. Doubt-
less many of us will live to see the day when,
in the abundance of gold, we shall have a cur-
rency more nearly metallic than ever before.
But so long as we use paper let it be the best
possible, and that is ec-rtainly the '' greenback.''
Air. PRICE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
