1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Mr. PIKE. I yield to the gentleman the
remaining portion of my hour.
Mr. PRICE. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio for a moment.
KEOKGANIZATION OE THE"ARMY.
Mi-. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, tlie Com-
mittee on Military Affairs reported to the House
some days ago House bill No. 361, to reorgan-
ize and establish the Army of the u nited States.
There are a great many applications for copies
of that bill, but the first print of it is entirely
exhausted. The committee have to some small
extent revised the bill, making some verbal
amendments and adding some sections. I ask
leave to report back t}ie bill in its present shape
as a substitute for the other, and move that it
be recommitted and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SPALDING. Has not the Army bill
passed the Senate?
Mr. SCHENCK. One Army bill has.
Mr. SPALDING. Had you not better also
include a motion to print that bill?
Mr. SOIIENCK. I will ask that that be
printed after awhile.
I now move that five hundred extra copies
of the House bill be printed for the use of the
members of the House.
The motion to print extra copies, under the
law, was referred to the Committee 011 Printing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to take from
the Speaker's table, Senate bill No. 1:58, to in-
crease and fix the military peace establishment
of the United States, and that it be referred to
the Committee 011 Military Affairs, and ordered
to bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LOAN BILL AGAIN.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, when wo come
to a Vote upon the bill now under consider-
ation and 1 shall be required, with other mem-
bers of the House, to say ay or 110 to its pas-
sage, my convictions of duty will require me
to vote against it.
I shall do this reluctantly, because in so
doing i shall differ from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and 31 cans, in whose judg-
ment I have much confidence, and whoso fidel-
ity to the best interests of the country 110 man
doubts, and 1 suppose 1 shall also differ from the
Secretary of the Treasury, to whose judgment
in financial matters I have been accustomed to
defer. But, sir, this bill presents to my mind
such plain and palpable objections that I feel
certain it cannot be for (he interest of the coun-
try to [kiss it.
The same general rules which apply to the
management of the financial affairs of an indi-
vidual will hold good when applied to that of
the nation—there is 110 difference in kind, they
differ only in degree. " When a prudent busi"-
liess man finds himself from necessity, or any
other eausc, financially embarrassed, he goes
to woik with energy and system to ascertain,
not only the nature, extent, and amount of
his indebtedness, but also his present and
prospective ability to meet the same. If in
that investigation he finds that there is no
probability of any increase of the amount of
claims against him, and that his receipts arc iu
o\eess of his proper and legitimate expenses,
there is but one other matter of importance for
him to attend to, and that is to secure such an
extension of time as will enable him to use this
excess ofprecepts in liquidation of the claims
against him. And I risk nothing in assorting
that any man thus financially circumstanced
would be considered as perfectly safe, and
would need no enactments of any legislative
body to relieve him from embarrassment.
This is a very plain proposition, so plain,
indeed, that the most moderate intellect can com-
prehend it perfectly. And if I may be allowed,
Mr. Speaker. I will say in this connection that
the mystery which is supposed by many to sur-
round., and to a certain extent to enshroud,
what is commonly called great financial ability,
skill. &c., is simply, in my opinion, great non-
sense, a very great humbug. lam not refer-
ring now, sir, to such financiering as-was prac-
ticed by Ketchum and men of that class. That
kind, I am willing to admit, requires, in order
to insure success, very extraordinary and very
peculiar ability. But the kind of financiering
of which I speak, and which the nation requires
at this time, is simply an exercise of common
care and common honesty, led and governed
by common sense.
The bill before us is of course intended to
relieve the nation of some real cr supposed
financial embarrassment, and for that purpose
clothes the Secretary with extraordinary pow-
ers.
The first question which presents itself for
our decision is this: is there any necessity for
it? We know the nation is in debt; we have
borrowed money to preserve our national ex-
istence. But are our creditors pressing us?
Can we or can we not have such an extension
of time as will enable us, by a judicious use of
the means at our command, to meet all the
claims against us? If our creditors are clam-
orous, and we cannot have an extension of
time, then we must resort to all the means
within our reach, ordinary and extraordinary,
and make any and all sacrificcs necessary to
preserve our national faith and national honor,
just as an individual under similar circum-
stances should do.
IIow do the figures stand upon our balance-
sheet? And how do our assets and liabilities
compare ? I know of 110 other way to get at
the truth on this subject; and though there
may not be^ much oratory in a column of fig-
ures, there is considerable eloquence, particu-
larly when we find a handsome balance on the
credit side of our ledger account.
At the commencement of this session I made
up from the reports of the different heads of
Departments a statement of the financial con-
dition of the country, and on referring to it
now I find the following state of facts existed
then, and are substantially the same now. Our
indebtedness is as follows, to wit:
$1,161,011,052 bonds at 6 per cent., making in inter-
est ........      $69,810,699 00
^S.iU,000,000 bonds at t o-10percent., mak-
ing in interest  CO,590,000 00
^205.307.000 bonds at 5 per cent., making
in interest  10,265,350 00
&153,012,74;> bonds at5i per cent., making
in interest  8,525,700 00
Total of interest for the year 139,221,749 00
Then we have in addition to this, esti-
mated expenses tor the year, as fol-
lows :
For the Army $315,814,401 83
For til o Navy  51,000,000 00
For civil expenses 4^.000.001) 00
For pensions  10,000,000 00
  136,814,401 83
Vv'hich, Added to the amount of interest
falling due annually upon all kinds of
our national debt, gives us a sum total
of 5,280,030,210 83
If wo have this amount of money we shall be
able to pay cash for all purchases necessary to
be made, and meet every obligation as it falls
due. I may state,in this connection, that wo have
about $450,000,000 of indebtedness in the shape
of legal-tender notes; but these bear no inter-
est, and are payable at no fixed time.
Having thus ascertained our liabilities, we
have one side of the account; and now the next
question which presses for an answer is, what
are our resources ? How can we pay? I find, on
referring again to my compilation of figures, the
estimated receipts for the year from internal
revenue, tariff, and all other sources, to be
8472,000,000, leaving a clear balance in the
Treasury at the end of the fiscal year of
$185,90.3,789 17.
But it may be said that these receipts are
only estimated, and therefore may not be cor-
rect. I grant this, but I find that in the three
months which have transpired since these fig-
ures were made the actual receipts have ex-
ceeded the estimates to such an extent as to
justify the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who is on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in placing the
receipts at §500,000,000 instead of $472,000,-
000, which would leave us a balance in the
Treasury at the end of the year of over $200,-
000,000,
Now, Mr. Speaker, when we take these facts
and figures, in connection with the other im-
portant fact that we may safely and ecrtainly
calculate on a decrease of these expenses and
an increase of our income from increased pop-
ulation and a continuance of the development
of the resources of the country, I ask what there
is to frighten us from the ground of safety which
we now occupy. If it is asked how we are to
reduce our expenses, I reply by referring to
one item in the figures from which this calcula-
tion is made. It will be observed that the es-
timate for the Navy is placed at $51,000,000,
while the actual amount named in the billpassed
for that purpose a few days since fell below half
that amount.
Notwithstanding, then, the immense strain to
which the nation has been subjected in the
last four years in her finances, we find that upon
posting the books and taking an account of
stock we are in a sound and healthy condition.
Our surplus will enable us safely to repeal
some of the petty and annoying features ot the
income tax law, so as not to compel farmers
and mechanics to give an account of every
pound of butter and dozen of eggs sold, and of
every dollar's worth of every article manufac-
tured.
A very small, almost insignificant part of our
debt is payable on demand, and the balance
runs from fifteen to forty years, at the expira-
tion of which time we shall, if republican ideas
and principles prevail, be the richest and most
powerful nation on the globe. The feature of
this bill, which provides that the $450,000,000
of legal-tender notes, which bear no interest,
and which are redeemable at no definite time,
may be^ funded in six per cent", gold-bearing
bonds, is to me so strange and unaccountable
that I am astonished to find it presented to the
House for consideration. This feature of the
bill, if adopted, would involve an additional
annual expenditure of $27,000,000 in gold, for
which the people of the country must necessa-
rily pay an additional tax. Would any prudent
and sensible business man, who had given his
note payable at his own option, and without
interest, be likely to take up that note and
give another for the same amount payable at a
certain time, with interest at six per cent., pay-
able semi-annually in gold ?
Why, sir, the bare mention of such a trans-
action provokes a smile of incredulity, and yet
this is precisely one of the features of this bill.
The Government owes $450,000,000 on which
we pay no interest, and which is redeemable
whenever it suits the convenience of the Gov-
ernment ; and yet if this bill becomes a law this
$450,000,000 may be funded in bonds bearing
six per cent, in gold.
It may be said, sir, that these legal-tender
notes are depreciated, and therefore ought to
be retired. A sufficient answer to this is found
in the fact that legal-tender notes are to-day
about as good as six per cent, bonds, and
would, in my opinion, be much better if the
bonded indebtedness of the Government was
increased by the addition of this $150,000,000.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
TheSPEAIvER. Thehourof the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] has expired.
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move the gen-
tleman from. Iowa be allowed to conclude his
remarks.
Mr. SMITII. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I will yield to my colleague
a portion of my time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Now, letme ask my ques-
tion. Are not the notes propose'd to be funded
already due ? If you look upon the face of
these notes you will observe they are payable
on demand at the sub-Treasury at New York;
and if you go there, as I did, they look to see
whether you are a fool or a crazy man, in ex-
pecting that the United States is goingto com-
ply with that printed promise.
