2416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
contrary*to the plan recommended by Mr. De-
frees. His plan, T think, would bring the whole
publication within three or four volumes; theirs
■will be at least eight, and will involve an ex-
pense of more than two hundred thousand dol-
lars. The expense of his plan, of course, if
he brings the work within three volumes, will
be but little more than one third of the cost of
the present plan.
What I wish to do is to cancel what has been
done, for it is utterly worthless, and to begin
again upon the plan prepared by Mr. Defrees,
which is an economical plan, one under which
a page will contain as much as two or three
pages under the present plan, and then to go
on and complete the work. The work ought
to be perfect and complete, or else it is worth-
less. The object of this joint resolution is in
the first place to get a correct Register, and in
the next place to get it at about one third of
the expense which this incorrect one will cost
us. It is worse than nothing, because an of-
ficial publication that is not correct is of no
account to the country; it misleads men rather
than gives information.
Mr. POMEROY. It occurs to me that a
correct, list had better be taken from the offices
of the adjutant generals of the various States,
and not try to get it here.
Mr. WILSON. I think that if the Senator
from Kansas had this work to get out he would
consult the officer here and consult the adju-
tant general's office of each State also, and
compare the records, and then he would have
a correct list. I should be very sorry if with
the means at our command any men of intelli-
gence could not make a perfect list. There is
no difficulty about it; it only requires labor,
thought, care.
Mr. POMEROY. I supposed each State
had a perfect list. I know tjiat my State has
been at great expense and has spared no pains
in getting a most perfect list for the State and
I supposed all the States had done the same.
It occurcd to me that if the resolution was to
be passed the list when made out ought to be
made up from the returns in the adjutant gen-
eral's office of each State rather than by exam-
ining the rolls here. That would save a great
part of the labor of getting it up at any rate.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied that such a
report as the Senator from Massachusetts de-
sires to have published by the authou' t,y of Con-
gress, published in an intelligible'form and in
type which gentlemen who have reached that
period of life which he and T are now entering
upon can read, will embrace not less than twen-
ty-five volumes. I am speaking of that, whereof
1 know something. The State of Iowa,furnished
abou t seventy-five thousand troops, and the last
I knew of the report in that State on this sub-
ject, which was printed in a reasonable sized
type, it embraced two volumes quite as large
as this, [exhibiting an octavo volume,] and I
thin k there is another one about to be published.
Mr. KfRKWOOD. Thatincluded, however,
a list of the privates as well as the officers.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. I have one of those
reports which contains the name of every man
in our Slate that went into the service, officer
or private.
Mr. GRIMES. That is, I suppose, what we
are going to publish here. Why do we want
to publish the name of a second lieutenant and
not publish the name of an orderly sergeant?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. This pi-ovides for the
officers only.
Mr. GRIMES. _ What is the purpose of this
thing? It is to give some data to govern our
officers in the future. If it is to result in any-
thing of real advantage to the Government it
must be something tangible that can be relied
upon in the future as to not only the num-
ber of men that, went into the service, but
the identity of the men in question, growing
out of pensions, &c. I would not give a straw
for a mere roster of the officers. That indi-
cates nothing. It was not the officers that
'ought our battles and won our victories for
«s. I would like to see the gradations by which
these men went up from privates to become-
officers, which is exhibited by the adjutant
general's report of my State, showing that a
very large proportion of the men who went
into the Army as officers ceased very soon to
be such, and that the men who went in the
humblest and lowest positions very soon be-
came the commanders, not only of their com-
panies, but of their regiments and of their bri-
gades. Such a report as that may be of value,
although if you publish such a one as that, it
seems to me it is only cumulative of expense
when the States have already done .it. We
have got a report in my State that embraces
officers, privates, musicians, everybody' con-
nected with the service, showing when he en-
tered the service, when he went out, what
offices he filled during the time he was in ser-
vice, what has become of him since, where he
was born, and in what place he enlisted. Such
a report as that is of value. This report will
be utterly worthless to the public. I hope the
Senator will allow this joint resolution to be
recommitted to his committee, and that they
will report a bill repealing the law which au-
thorized this printing to be done.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that I have seen the report of the adjutant gen-
eral's office of his State, and it is a most
admirable one. I wish they had such a one in
every State, and I wish we had one that recorded
equally the name of every soldier that served
the Republic; but that would make a great
many volumes. The report of Iowa makes
three large octavo volumes for seventy thousand
men. Now, sir, here is a list of officers from
the New England States making three hundred
pages, and if it was put upon a good plan it
could be got into about one hundred or one
hundred and twenty- five pages. It will be seen
that there is a great part of it waste paper, and
the report is imperfect in itself. What the
committee desired in this matter was to stop
this imperfect report and this enormous Ex-
pense. If the Senate desire to stop the pub-
lication altogether they can do so; but I think
wo had better publish the work. We can pub-
lish it in three good, fair-sized volumes, and
have a perfect list of all the officers, and the
casualties, and all the incidents connected with
the war. We cannot afford to sell it for one
dollar a volume as is proposed here ; but we
could furnish three volumes containing a list
of all the officers of the volunteer forces of the
United States, to be placed in every library of
the country, and it would certainly, in my judg-
ment, be a work of great value. If we could
have a list of the two million seven hundred
thousand soldiers who have gone into the ser-
vice I should be glad to have it, but that would
require the publication of fifty or sixty volumes,
at enormous expense, and would necessarily
take ft great deal of time. This report will
take time, and ought to take time. We need
not hurry about it. What we want is to have
a correct list. Mr. Defrees made a plan by
which this report of three hundred pages, if
his plan had been agreed upon, would have
been reduced down to one hundred and twenty-
five pages, and the arrangement was far better
and more intelligible than the present one. As
it is now it is worthless, and I hope that no
more expenditures will be incurred in publish-
ing this volume. I believe we had better adopt
this resolution, and let the work go on at a
reduced rate, but if Senators are not ready to
act upon it now I will let it go over.
Mr. GRIMES. Recommit it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ha.ve it
recommitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this matter is to go
over I should like to call up the motion to
reconsider the amendment to the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON. I move to recommit the res-
olution to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and we will reconsider it; and I ask that in the
mean time the report in this case be examined
by the Senate. They will see that this work
ought certainly not to go on.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to another defect in this report,
which.I think this resolution docs not provide
against. There is nothing in this resolution that
prevents the new roster from being edited pre-
cisely as this is. There should be some pro-
vision for a competent editorial supervision of
it; and there should also be a provision for a
record of all the battles in which regiments have
borne an honorable part, whether promulgated
in general orders or not. But if we merely pass
this resolution as it stands, I do not see that
there is any provision in it for correcting edi-
torial errors. There ought to be some compe-
tent officer detailed, and it should be made his
entire business to correspond with the adjutant
generals of the several States and have all the
records of each State submitted to the State
authorities.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will allow
me, I will suggest to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, as he and I are on the Military Com-
mittee, that this resolution be referred to the
Committee on Printing. The Committee on
Printing understand this matter better than we
do, and they now have the ideas of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts on the subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. This resolution has never
been before the Committee on Printing; the
Committee on Military Affairs have had charge
of it, and I think they had better keep charge
of it. It is rather an extravagant thing, and the
Committee on Printing never reported anything
extravagant, and we do not want to be respon-
sible for it.
Mr. WILSON. I move that this joint reso-
lution be recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia. I think we.
shall get it into a satisfactory shape.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 86) to provide for the
publication of the official history of the rebel-
lion; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 3) to revive the grade of
general in the United States Army—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 352) to incorporate the
National Theological Institute—to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
A bill (H: R. No. 388) to authorize the
extension, construction, and use of a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
into and within the District of Columbia—to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
A bill (H. R. No. 482) to incorporate the
Howard Institute and Home, of the District of
Columbia—to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
A bill (IT. R. No. 510) to incorporate the
Academy of Music of Washington city—to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 503) to regulate the time
and fix the place for holding the circuit court
of the United States in the district of Virginia,
and for other purpdses; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 137) to pro-
vide for the exemption of crude petroleum from
internal tax or duty, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bills and joint resolution ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro iempore:
A bill (S. No. 90) enlarging, the powers of
