3376
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
June 28,
' Mr. THORNTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and qlso
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the morning hour
had expired.
koontz versus ooi'tfrotu.
Mr. DAWES presented papers in the case
of Koontz vs. Coffroth; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
establishment 0]? a post route.
Mr. DEFREBS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish a post route from
Fort Wayne to Auburn, De Kalb county, Indi-
.ana; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
duty on copper.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following; which was referred to
- the Committee of Ways and Means:
At a meeting of the House Committee on Mines
and Mining held on Friday, June 22,1866, the follow-
ing resolution was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That this committee respectfully recom-
mend to the Committee of Ways and Means the ne-
cessity which in their opinion exists for an increased
duty on foreign copper, with a view of securing to
the home production fair and just protection, at least
equal to that which was afforded previous to the war
of the rebellion; and that in their opinion a duty of
at least six cents per pound should be imposed upon
foreign ingot copper, and not less than three cents per
pound on the pure copper in foreign ores.
Attest: . J. II. EILEY,
Clerk of Committee on Mines and Mimtiff.
"washington and georgetown railroad.
Mr. MERCIJR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend an act entitled ''An
act to incorporate the Washington and George-
town Railroad Company;" which was read a
first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
death of iion. james humphrey.
Mr. DARLING. Mr. Speaker, the mournful
duty of announcing to this House the decease
of .1 ames Humphrey, late Representative from
the third district of the State of New York, has
been assigned to me by my colleagues. He was
my chosen friend and companion, and my friend-
ship and respect for him led to the most intimate
and cherished associations. With this great and
sudden affliction resting upon my heart, I feel
how utterly inadequate any words of mine will
be to properly portray the ability he displayed as
a statesman, his talents as a lawyer, or his vir-
tues as a Christian gentleman. Although I had
long since marked with approbation his pub-
lic career, my personal acquaintance with him
commenced only with our election as members
of this Congress. I learned to love him as I
learned to know him; and now, as I look around
and miss his cordial greeting and friendly smile,
I realize how great a void is here.
A few brief hours have elapsed since I stood
at his open grave and assisted in paying the
last tribute of respect to all that remained of
him on earth. From his home, replete with all
the evidences of his cultivated taste and refine-
ment, where sat a noble-hearted woman bowed
down with a grief no human power can heal,
two daughters and a son mourning a departed
father, we bore him to the church of which he
■was a conspicuous and consistent member.
There the talent, the wealth, and the repre-
sentative men of two great cities were assem-
bled io do honor to his memory and to mingle
their tears with those of thousands from the
humbler walks of life who had been cheered
by his smile, counseled by his wisdom, and
aided bj* his benevolence.
James Humphrey was a nobleman, titled by
his Creator; he bore his patent upon his open,
manly face ; he upheld it by his honorable, con-
sistent record and his pure and spotless life.
He was a martyr, too, and died, like a knight
of old. with his armor girded for the fight, and
struggling for the supremacy of those principles
which were dearer to him than life itself.
Although enfeebled by disease of many years'
duration, and daily suffering patiently without
repining, he sought oblivion of personal afflic-
tions iu his devotion to his public duties. The
gentleness of his character, the courtesy of
his deportment, the clearness of his analytical
mind, the polish of his manners, the ready
attention he gave to all who approached him,
the absence of the peevishness which often
accompanies illness, were evident to all who
were brought in contact with him, even when
suffering most. If there was a negation of
self in his life, there was also a spirit of self-
immolation in his death. Feeble in health,
and debilitated bythe effects of the climate, he
had sat here the long, weary months of a ses-
sion which, when future history is written, will
be looked back to as not the least, if not the
most, important of the American Congress;
rarely claiming the attention of this House as
a speaker, but when he did so; commanding
its respect by the elegance of his diction and
the soundness of his thought.
His modesty and small appreciation of his
own abilities prevented a more extensive claim
upon the attention of the House, it was his
friends only who were aware that with less dif-
fidence and a more powerful physique he
would have taken a prominent part in the de-
bates of the session. Constant in his place in
the House and on important committees, lie
was faithful and diligent in attention to his
duties, and his vote was ever recorded on the
side of freedom and the largest humanity.
His devotion to his country throughout the re-
bellion, as a Representative and a citizen, were
proverbial; when it was suppressed, his efforts
were given to restore an enduring peace and
prosperity. During the pendency of an im-
portant question, upon which he desired to
record his vote with the majority of this House,
although his physical condition would have
precluded attention to private interests, he
hastened to Washington to participate in the
final vote.
On Wednesday, the 18th of this month, he
left his residence for this Capitol, which he was
destined never again to behold. On his route
he was seized with a paroxysm of pain more
agonizing and intense than anything he had
ever before experienced. At Wilmington, in
Delaware, unable to proceed further, he stopped
to obtain relief. After a night of intense suf-
fering he made the attempt to resume his jour-
ney. His enfeebled frame refused to respond
to the promptings of his mind. Still hopeful
of resuming his seat here, unwilling to return,
and yet more unwilling to alarm his family by
communicating his condition, he lingered at
Wilmington until Friday morning, the loth in-
stant, surrounded by strangers, with 110 famil-
iar hand to administer to his sufferings. Finally,
anticipating a fatal termination of the attack,
he procured the assistance of an attendant and
retraced his steps toward home; to that home,
now desolate, so soon to be left for a nobler
and happier mansion.
That he was firmly impressed with a convic-
tion that he was on his final journey and that
the scenes of earth were as soon to pass from
before his fading eye-sight as the landscape
that was flitting by the window of the ear in
which he rode, was evident from the fact that
he repeatedly impressed upon his attendant
the importance of remembering his name and
his residence.
He reached his home as the setting sun was
gilding spire and dome of that beautiful city,
which had known him so long and honored
him so often. His family physician being sum-
moned expressed no immediate apprehension.
At eight o'clock he had so far rallied as to
reach his bedroom and prepare himself for rest.
To his devoted wife who watched over him
he expressed his conviction that death was near,
and said that to him it had no terrors, it was
only a sleep, and that he was but a passenger
ou that train in which those he loved soon
would follow to be reunited at the termination
of life's journey. Shortly after midnight he
raised himself on his pillow and vainly sought
to recognize his wife faithfully sitting at his
side; after abrief interval, again raising himself
heexclaimed, "Ifaint," "Itaint;"' and without
a struggle or a groan the gentle, manly spirit
of James Humphrey was wafted into the pres-
ence of his Maker.
Mr. Speaker, as an evidence of our appre-
ciation of the loss this House and the country
has sustained in the death of this upright Rep-
resentative and pure and excellent man, I offer
the following resolutions, and move their
tion:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives has
learned with sincere sorrow of the decease of Hon.
James Humphrey, of the eity of Brooklyn, and a
member of this House from the third congressional
district of the State of New York.
Resolved, That the sympathies of this House be,
and they are hereby, tendered to the widow, family,
and relatives of the deceased in our mutual affliction
and bereavement.
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be instructed
to communicate a copy of these resolutions to the
family of the deceased.
Resolved, That as an appropriate expression of re-
spect for the memory and character of the deceased
the members of the House will wear the usual badgo
of mourning for thirty days.
Reiolved, That the Clerk be directed to transmit to
the Senate a copy of these resolutions.
Mr. BERGEN. Mr. Speaker, I feel it my
duty, a painful and melancholy one, of making
a few remarks on the unexpected death of my
late lamented colleague, James Humphrey. If
in these remarks I should happen to touch
upon some of the points which have been so
eloquently and feelingly portrayed bythe hon-
orable gentleman who has preceded me, I hope
you will pardon repetition. When, on the 15th
instant, 1 attended the funeral of Hon. Moses
F. Odell, his predecessor from the third dis-
trict of New York, a gentleman honored and
respected throughout this land for his many
virtues and for his services in this body during
the most trying period of our national exist-
ence, little did I think that his successor was
then on the confines of eternity, and that in
the brief space of five days I would again deem
it my duty to visit the chambers of the dead
and be present at the performance of the last
sad rites which we pay to the departed.
Thus two men, a predecessor and a suc-
cessor to seats in this Hall, have been stricken
down in the prime of their lives, in their days
of usefulness, and we are left to mourn their
loss. It is a reminder to us of the uncertainty
of life, of the certainty of death, and of the
necessity of being always prepared, for who
can tell which of our number will be the next
victim of the fell destroyer.
James Humphrey, a son of Rev. Herman
Humphrey, president of Amherst College, was
born at Fairfield, Connecticut, in 1811, and was
therefore at the time of his death in his fifty-
fifth year. He graduated at the college over
,which his father presided when only twenty
years old, and after preparing himself in the
study of law at Yale College, he took up his
residence in Louisville, Kentucky, where he
practiced his profession for two years. In
1838 he left that city and removed to Brook-
lyn, where he has since resided, opening a law
office in New York.
An oration which he delivered shortly after
arriving in Brooklyn was the means of first
directing public attention to his ability. In
politics Mr. Humphrey was an old-line Whig,
and he made his first enirge in public life as
alderman in the first ward of the city of his
chosen residence. He was afterward sent to the
Legislature, and finally selected by his party
as the legal adviser of the eity. In 18-38 he
was elected in what was then known as the
second district of New York as a Represent-
ative in Congress, and was a member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs and of the com-
mittee of thirty-three on the rebellious States.
In 18C0, 1862, and 186-1, he was the candidate
of his party for the same position, but in the
first two-named elections he was defeated by
Mr. Odell, but was successful in the last, Mr.
Odell having declined a renomination.
Mr. Humphrey's nominations and elections
show how highly his worth and abilities were
