THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,.
this employment with the legitimate perform-
ance of Ha duty as clerk to a committee; and
indeed it is a fact known to us all that very many
of the. gentlemen connected with the press
throughout the country in different States are
employed here in various capacities in connec-
tion with our committees, and with offiees in
ihe Departments. It has never been held, as an
objection.
Now, as to the particular, complaints that have
been made by Senators agaihst.'the reporter of
^xe Associated Press I can say nothing. I must
confess that I care butvery little what the papers
report "of :me, and do riot pay much attention to
theml If injustice has been done to the Sen-
ator f&qm.Califbrnia, it'is a proper subject of
complaint. I thought when the subject was
referred to the Committee on the Library, that
they woulij devise some mode by which a legit-
imate and fair report of our proceedings could
be written out for the Associated Press. But it
must be remembered that the Associated Press
are at liberty to report just what they please.
We do not pay them for their reports. They
pre not our agents; 'they are not employed by
us. They have the right to report just as much
and jnst as little of our proceedings as they
•choose. , Sometimes they may do injustice to
Senators. How can we prevent it? Unless you
say that nobody shall- sit in the gallery and
report the proceedings of this body, unless it is
some person paid by us and under our surveil-
lance, as a matter of course they arc at liberty
to report as much or as little as they choose.
You cannot control the action of the press. I
have felt within the last three or four weeks a
little sore about the conduot of certain news-
papers, but I have found it wiser to say nothing
about it, with the hope and with the assurance
that the people always finally correct any neg-
lects or,misapprehensions of the press. I think
that if the Senate, should undertake to correct
the mode and manner of reporting for the As-
sociated Press, they will undertake that which
they cannot accomplish. The better way, it
seoms to me, is to allow the reporters to write
■what they please; do as they please.
If the Senate think, as a rule, that no one in
the employment of any commit,tco of this body
or of Congress, or of any Department of the
Government, should write for* the newspaper
press, they ought to put that in the form of a law
or resolution, so that wo could all know how io
act. T will venture to say that there arc but
very few clerks of the committees of either
House of Congress that do not write for news-
papers. If you desire, however, to prevent your
clerks and employes from writing for newspa-
pers, you have the power to do that at any mo-
ment by a simple resolution; but you cannot
control, and you ought not to attemptto control,
the reports made by the Associated Press or by
any newspaper in the country of the proceed-
ings in Cougrcss.
Mr. STEWART. I did not intend to make
any remarks on this subject, anil 1 should not
but for the suggestions made by the Senator
from Ohio.
It is manifest to a large number of the Sen-
ators on this floor that there is something very
wrong in the reports of our proceedings in this
Associated Press. That there is no remedy for
it 1 do not believe. I do not intend to say that
the Senate should muzzle the press; but the
Senate does extend to the reporters front seats
in the gallery, and there is no Senator upon this
floor who does not know the fact that much in-
justice is done in these reports to a large num-
ber of the Senators. There appears to be a
systematic attemptto smother all that a portion
of them do and say. This is entirely different
from ordinary newspaper abuse; thai affects no
man who has a good character and behaves
himself; but this purports to be a synopsis of
the proceedings of Congress, and the silence of
Senators here is marked bjr their constituents.
I must here state that while I was in Califor-
nia f heard the Senators from that State com-
plained of for not doing their duty in regard to
certain matters, not saying anything in favor
Of propositions which they had ably advocated
on this floor. The arguments against them,
what vras said against their views, were sent
there by telegraph, and they were represented
as being silent. I know that gentlemen have
suffered in this regard. If we cannot do better,
we should make it known to the world that these
are hot authentic reports. If we can do noth:
ing more, we can pass a resolution declaring
that they misrepresent the Senate. Or we can
exch the reporters from the front seats in
the galleries, and we can exclude them from
our committees as clerks. We can take such
action as shall secure the doing of justice to
the members of the Senate, for I do assure you
that great injustice has been done. A gentle-
man gets up with a memorial in which his con-
stituents feel an especial interest; he explains
that memorial; it is attacked by others. The
attack is given, but the explanation is kept
back; and still we hold out to the world that
here is a telegraphic synopsis of the proceed-
ings of Congress; it goes semi-officially. If we
cannot correct it and make it fair and just, we
have the power to destroy its semi-official char-
acter by a resolution; and unless there is a
manifest improvement, I shall feel called upon
to ask the attention of the Senate to this sub-
ject again and again, and* continue to do it,
because I do not propose to have anything go
forth that is semi-official which places me or
any of my associates upon this floor in a false
position daily, and makes their constituents
believe that they are recreant to their duty.-
Mr. CONNESS. I beg the attention of the
Senate only for a moment, because of what
has been said by the honorable Senator from
Ohio. I beg the Senate and that honorable
Senator to believe that I foci perhaps quite as
independent as I ought to feel of any remarks
either for or against me that may be made by
the "public press, or by any person. I think in
that respect 1 have an ordinary amount of per-
sonal discretion and courage, if I may use the
terms. I directed what I said, from which it
might be inferred that I had any feeling of that
kind, only to the matter of a more full exposi-
tion of the question. What I complain of is
that the synoptical reports that go out from
this body, which are the only reports received
by the people, should, in justice to the Senate
and tlie people, contain what they profess to
do—a true synopsis of the business of the Sen-
ate. I know that that does not include the
arguments of Senators. The business of the
Senate is one thing as stated in the Journal;
the arguments elicited in connection with the
transactions of that business arc altogether an-
other matter. I cannot expect the Associated
Press or anybody else to give a full exposition
of whatever views I might present at any time,
and I make no complaint because that, is not
done; butj in regard to such a proposition as
was submitted hero yesterday, it is stated in
this synoptical report that the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio said, and for uttering it I give
him great credit, that the complaints made, and
the manner in which they were made in the
memorial I presented, were not well founded;
his side of the ease is given, when not a word
is stated as coming from me in behalf of the
memorialists, my constituents. That is tlie
way it goes out in these synoptical reports.
Now, I submit to the honorable Senator from
Ohio, who can afford to pass this by easily,
whether this is just, whether it is right, and
whether its correction does not properly come
within the legitimate purview of the Senate.
Then, 1 called attention additionally to the fact
that I presented two other memorials a few days
since, no reference to which ever appeared in
the synoptical reports that went out to the coun-
try ; and that I presented two bills of the great-
est consequence to the people that I represent
here within two days past, not a word in regard
to which has gone out in the synoptical reports
of the proceedings of this body.
Sir, I am not here as a candidate for public
favor; T ask no favors from the Associated Press,
nor any other part of the press, but I submit to
the Senate and to the honorable Senator from
Ohio that we here are peers of each other, that
the States and communities who have sent us
here are entitled to consideration, that this
should not be viewed in the light of personal
complaint, but that every Senator is equally in-
terested in having a true reflex of the business
of this body go-out to the country and to the
people.
Mr. HOWE. As chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Library, I have been directly referred
to in this debate. I know a resolution was re-
ferred to that committee directing them to make
some inquiry into the subject-matter of this
abuse and to provide a remedy if it were possi-
ble. The committee have not yet sufficiently
considered that subject. The committee have
not, either, been wholly inattentive to the sub-
ject-matter of the resolution. The first diffi-
culty in the way of applying a corrective—for
I think a corrective is entirely within the reach
of the Senate—is in ascertaining who is respon-
sible, who makes these reports for "the Associ-
ated Press. That fact has not been known to
me hitherto. The Senator from Ohio has just
remarked that the same individual is also a
clerk to his committee. If he is authorized to
give his name to the Committee on the Library,
there is one fact ascertained. If he does not
feel authorized to give that name  
Mr. SHERMAN. The matter is published
in the Congressional Directory. The name of
the reporter of the Associated Press I under-
stand to be Mr. MqCullough. It is published
in the Congressional Directory; so 1 suppose
there is no secret about it.
Mr. HOWE. Then that fact is ascertained.
I was not informed that the name of the reporter
did appear in the Directory ; I had not exam-
ined it for that purpose. I think, then, there
will be no difficulty in devising a remedy. I
agree also with the Senator from Nevada and
the Senator from California entirely, that these
reports are unlike the private dispatches which
are sent to the individual papers. The press,
representing both parties and all parties, asso-
ciate together, as I understand, to get a re-
script of what is actually done in these Houses
from day to day. They want a truthful report;
they do not expect to obtain a full transcript of
the debates had here. I suppose it is optional
with them whether they will take much or little
of these debates; but what is done should be,
if reported at all, truthfully reported; and I
suppose it is entirely within the power of the
Senate to say that whoever undertakes to do it
and does not do it faithfully and truly and hon-
estly, shall not have a scat in the reporters'
gallery. This is all I wish to say at present on
the subject.
PEEEDMEN's BUREAU.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 60) to enlarge the powers of the
Freedmen's Bureau, the pending question be-
ing on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of tlie Whole, to strike out all of
the fifth section of the bill after the enacting
clause, in the following words:
That the possessory titles granted in pursuance of
Major General Sherman's special field order, dated
at Savannah. January 16,1865, are hereby confirmed
and made valid.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That the occupants of land under Major General
Sherman's special field order, dated at Savannah,
.January 16,1865, are hereby confirmed in their posses-
sionsfor the period of three years l'rom the date of said
order; and no person shall be disturbed in or ousted
from said possession during said three years, unless a
settlement shall be made with said occupant by the
owner, satisfactory to the Commissioner of the Kreed-
mcn's Bureau.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I stated
yesterday that I objected to the amendment now
pending as well as the terms of the original pro-
vision of section five of the bill, and I rested the
objection upon strictly constitutional grounds.
I stated that, however during the pendency of
the conflict we might wink at questionable exer-
cises of authority, now, peace having been re-
stored, there being no longer the sound of arms,
I thought the Constitution of the United States
had the right to bo recognized in its full force
and with all its vitality, and that no palpable
invasion of the Constitution, no matter how
