2418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mav 7,
A difference has arisen between the President
and the Congress in relation to the proper pol-
icy to be pursued in relation to the States lately
in rebellion, who separated from us and formed
themselves into a separate government, and
between whom and us a fierce war raged for
four years before we succeeded in conquering
them. The President insists that, as tlie rebel-
lion is put down and new State governments
have been set up in those States, they are now
entitled to be represented in the two Houses
of Congress (if the members sent are loyal)
and to participate in all respects in the admin-
istration of the General Government as if tliey
had not rebelled. Congress, on the otherhand,
claim that all the legal relations between these
States and the General Government having by
the rebellion and war consequent upon it been
severed, it rests with Congress as the law-mak-
ing department of the Government to restore
them again, and that, in doing so, it is their
right and their duty to exact such assurances
and guarantees as will protect the loyal part of
the nation against all danger from those who
have shown such a determination to destroy it.
Neither the President nor Congress as yet
show any disposition to yield to the views and
policy of the other, and apparently the ques-
tion must be determined by an appeal to the
people in the election of the next Congress.
The President, and the majority in both
Houses of Congress, were elected by the same
political party, the great Union party of the
country, which carried us so gloriously through
the great rebellion ; and the Federal offices of
the country are generally filled by members of
the same party, who were appointed by the
President, or his predecessor, Mr. Lincoln. I
suppose it to be true that the great majority of
those persons now holding office, as well as the
great mass of the Union party, concur witli
Congress in the proper policy to be pursued in
the restoration of these rebel States. I sup-
pose it is feared that in this contest before
the people, as to which of these respective pol-
icies shall prevail, the President will attempt
to strengthen his position by the use of his
patronage, that is, that he will displace men
who believe in and advocate the congressional
policy, and iill the positions with either Union
men, or Democrats who will advocate the pol-
icy of the President. And I do not know but
it is feared that men now holding office, who
really believe witli Congress, will, for fear of
losing their offices, profess to believe and act
with the President. Now, I have no knowl-
edge that the President designs any such course
of action ; he may or may not. I do know
that the Democratic press and politicians of
the country are urging this course upon him
with great zeal, and with great promise of polit-
ical profit to him and his policy. I cannot help
believing that they have their own profit and
advantage much more at heart than his, or
that of his policy, in giving this disinterested
advice. Now, I should as deeply regret to have
any good Union man removed from office, and
especially one that fully sympathized with Con-
gress in their difference with the President, as
any Senator in this Chamber, or any Union man
in the land. I like to have my political friends
hold the offices, not only for their own advan-
tage and profit, but because I am very apt to
think they are the best men, and that the pub-
lie service is more honestly attended to than it
would be by men of the opposite political
belief.
Naw, if this amendment is adopted, will it
have the effect to prevent the President from
making changes in office forpolitical causes? If
he has no such purpose or intention, then there
is certainly no need of such an extraordinary
provision being attached to this bill. And I may
be allowed to say that I am not prepared to
believe that he designs to do any such foolish
thing. But assuming that he has such a wish
and purpose, will the adoption of such an
amendment as this be likely to prevent him
from accomplishing it? On the other hand,
will it not look like daring and defying him to
do it, and be very likely to proiuce the very
result we desire to avoid? It is very reason-
able to suppose that the President would feel
great reluctance to remove men of his own
party, appointed either by himself or his mar-
tyred predecessor, even if they did not believe
in or advocate his policy. If we attempt to
prevent it by the use of such questionable, if
not unwarrantable legislation, as this amend-
ment proposes, is there not danger, not only that
he will accept the challenge, but that this very*
amendment will be accepted by the people as
a sufficient justification for that course, and
furnish a ground for saying that Congress was
the aggressive party? Situated as we are, it
seems to me that the adoption of this amend-
ment will be more likely to produce than to
prevent what we all hope to avoid.
But suppose that I am mistaken in my views,
and in consequence of a failure to adopt this
amendment the President undertakes to help
his case before the people by turning good
Union men who believe with Congress out of
office, and fills their places with men, either
Republicans or Democrats, who believe in his
policy, is there any such ground of alarm in
this as should frighten us out of our pro-
priety, and drive us to doubtful and desperate
expedients?
The whole thing is founded in a mistaken
lack of faith in the people. This has been a
common error of politicians and public men
always, but the mistake is greater now than
"ever before, and especially in regarding any
past experience of the effect and power of po-
litical patronage as applicable to the present
condition of things.
In former times, when the people regarded
politics merely as a trade by which certain men
obtained a living; when the issues between the
parties were about internal improvements, the
public lands, banks, tariffs, and the like, sub-
jects the real merits of which the masses of the
people really knew but little about, and cared
less; when they had no real belief that the suc-
cess or defeat of either party would make a
farthing's difference with them or the country,
then 'a body of stirring, active office-holders, to
circulate documents, harangue the people, and
get out the voters, could produce a very impor-
tant influence upon an election. But this state
of things has no existence now, and' no reli-
ance can be placed now upon the experience
of those days. For four long years we were
engaged in a most desperate and bloody war,
which periled the very existence of the nation
itself. The attention of the whole country was
roused and was kept most painfully intent upon
the causes and course of the war till it ended
in the overthrow of the rebellion. Almost every
family throughout the loyal North was repre-
sented in the Army of the Union by some father
or brother or son, and mourning and sorrow
were carried into almost every northern home
by the death of some dear relative in the Army
by disease or o_n the battle-field, or the still
more cruel mode of starvation in prison. In
this way the people have come to comprehend
everything perlaining to the subject as fully
and completely as the first statesmen in the
land. Nor have they, since the close of the
war, lost any of their interest in it, and will
not until the whole matter is put at rest.
I have heard it said here, I have read in the
public press, that the great anxiety of the
people was to have the matter settled, and get
all the States once more into the Union to-
gether. The people are anxious to have the
Union restored and all act again together, but
that is not their great anxiety. What they fear,
and about which they are earnestly anxious, is
that they should not again be admitted until it
is made perfectly certain that they are not again
to come under southern domination, and that
not even by combination with their old allies
in the North can they again control the Govern-
ment. The Union people of the North are not
revengeful or malignant, but they cannot for-
get their martyred brothers and sons, or their
own anxieties  i~d sorrows ; they cannot forget
the immense burden of public debt imposed
upon them 5 and they are too often reminded
of it by the tax-gatherer, all of which has been
brought upon them by the conduct of the
people of these States, to feel over-anxious for
their return to participate in ruling the nation
without the best and strongest assurances that
they are safe in doing so. Another reason
which keeps them watchful and careful is that
almost every^Onion man in the whole North,
who has any considerable property, is the
holder of the bonds of the Government, which
they feel would be put in peril if the southern
men, even with northern help, could ever again
hold the control of this Government. It is
not true, sir, that the Union people of the
North are dissatisfied with the policy or the
action of Congress on this subject. What they
do fear is that we shall not stand firm to the
end; they fear the effect of patronage on us,
and they have far more reason to than we have
to fear for them. Now, Mr. President, what
luck do you suppose some postmaster, or mar-
shal, or assessor, made by the President out
of acopperhead, or limping Republican, would
have among these people arguing for the imme-
diate and unconditional admission of the rebel
States?
The idea is simply ridiculous. The truth is
that the Union masses of the loyal States stand
firmly with' Congress in this matter and will do
so to the end if we do not allow them to make
issues against us by the adoption of untenable
measures. Our platform is firm and strong,
and all the Union party will stand with and
by us upon it, unless we by our own folly let
in a weak timber or rotten plank to frighten
them from it. In this particular matter of the
political patronage of the President, if we do
nothing that can be made an excuse or cover for
it, if the President turns out good Union men
because they sustain Congress and concur with
the mass of their party, and puts in others
because they agree with him, he will raise a
storm of indignation against himself among
Union men as has not been witnessed before.
The truth is that the President, if he entertains
any such design, cannot build up for himself
against the Union party, a presidential party
of any considerable numbers without having in
it the men who opposed every measure for the
putting down the rebellion, who discouraged
enlistments, opposed the draft, voted the war
a failure, and many other things of that char-
acter. This very fact will destroy his party if
he endeavors to make one. Where those men
go the people will not. The people look upon
this thing now as they did during the war, not
as an ordinary question i^f politics, but as a ques-
tion of loyalty or treason, and if the President
abandons the great Union party to form one for
himself, and his party is made up, as it must
be in the main, by the men who opposed the
war, they will soon bo the only ones left?in it.
If the President is ambitious to have such a
party as this, shall we deny him the benefit of
a few hired mercenaries in the shape of Fed-
eral office-holders if he desires? If he chooses
to make changes, so far as my own State is
concerned he will have to make them from men
who do not belong to the Union party, if he
must have men who support his policy, for I
have never yet heard of a Union man there who
does not most cordially support Congress. x\nd
I believe my State is not singular in this respect,
but that the same will be found true of every
loyal State. Let us then have faith in the peo-
ple, stand firmly upon our principles, avoid all
false and doubtful expedients, leave to the
President the full and free exercise of every
constitutional right ariH prerogative, so that any
action of his hostile to the party that elected
him, if he be guilty of any, shall be without
excuse. If we can keep from killing ourselves,
I have no fear of the President being able to
do so, even if he entertains any such wicked
purpose.
Mr. President, I expect to be rebuked and
lectured here and elsewhere for opposing this
amendment. I know that one can huidly be
allowed to question a measure here, however
injudicious or unwise he may deem it, without
incurring the charge of being a copperhead,
