8978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
well portrayed the last hours of our friend,
assured us that the approach of death brought
to him no apprehension or alarm. Why should
it?
True, human nature, linked by the mysterious
organism of bone and muscle, of artery and vein,
of nerves and flesh and blood, with that still more
mysterious creation, impalpable, intangible,and
invisible, that we call soul, may shrink from
the physical suffering which oft accompanies
the rupture of the tie between these mysteries;
it may start back appalled from the deep, dark
grave and dread to enter it. Yet what is death
but the executor of that eternal law of the Cre-
ator which bids the body decay and perish be-
cause it is mortal, and bids the soul depart from
it because'the soul is immortal?
■ Death is but a process of life, and to the
Christian the grave but the portal to a new
home, illumined by the presence of the Cre-
ator and made happy by His smile.
Who, sir, that, like the friend we mourn,
performing through life the Christian's duty
with the Christian's faith, might not in dying
exclaim with the Apostle, "0 death, where is
thy sting? 0 grave, where is thy victory?"
It would be alike presumptious and profane
in me to claim perfection for any man, and I
doubt not that Mr. Humphrey, like all others,
was marked by human weakness and infirmity.
But we can judge him by no perfect standard.
We must compare him as we knew him with
other men as we know them; and where, sir,
shall we find one who will better bear a com-
parison with others.
Who in this Hall, claiming for himself the
highest rectitude of motive in all his actions,
and desiring exemption from all prejudice or
passion, dare stand unblushing in this presence
and listen to the history of his secret and inner
life as truth has graven it upon his own mem-
ory.
While, therefore, Mr. Speaker, I know that
our friend Was afflicted with the infirmities to
which all men are in greater or less degree
subject, I think I may say that his character
presented a rare combination of qualities, so
adjusted, so counterbalanced, so symmetrical,
so attractive in life, and so beautiful in death,
that the blemishes which a cynic scrutiny might
reveal, become invisible through the tears which
we shed upon his tomb.
Death, sir, has not yet finished his mission in
this Hall. Hehas entered it before; he will
enter it again. Ho asks the assent of no door-
keeper. lie awaits no "regular order." Alone,
he suspends your rules, strikes down his victim,
and bears hiin from your presence. Who next
may be touched by that icy finger which freezes
the coursing life-blood, God only knows ; but
from his tomb who so recently went out from
our midst to return no more there comes to-
day the monition, "Be ye ready."
This duty, enjoined by Revelation, was sug-
gested, in the heathen philosophy of Persia, in
the beautiful words addressed by a father to
his son:
"On parent knees, a naked new-born child,
Woepingr thou sat'st while all around thee smiled;
So live, that sinking in thy last long sleep,
Calm thou rnayst smile while all around tlieo
weep."
The resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at two o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DONNELLY: The memorial of Commander
Benjamin Moore Dove, of the United States Navy,
asking that he bo restored to his proper rank in the
N avy.
By Mr. GOODYEAR: The petition of Horace L.
Emery, praying for the passage of a joint resolution
authorizing the Commissioner of Patents to receive,
and decide upon its merits, an application for the
extension of the patent for the endless chain horse-
power.
By Mr. MEROUR: The petition of 38 citizens of
kspy,Columbia county, Pennsylvania, askingforsueh
a change in the tariff laws as will protect the labor
of American citizens.
By Mr. McCLURG: A claim in favor of John
Boehm, of Missouri, for $2,153,
By Mr. PAINE: Resolutions of the Chamber of
Commerce of Milwaukee, in favor of bridging the
Mississippi at Winona.
By Mr. WINDOM: The memorial of E. H. Critten-
den. and 90 others, for an appropriation for the relief
of E. L. Drake.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 25, 18C6.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
. Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
S. J. Bowen, C. Storrs, Charles King, and
other citizens of Washington, praying that the
judges of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia may be authorized to appoint an
additional number of notaries public; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
William H. McGill, of Beaufort, South Car-
olina, president of Council No. 4, Union League
of America, praying that the payment of the
direct tax on the confiscated lands of persons
who were engaged in the rebellion, may be sus-
pended for the period of one year from the
time that the several amounts may become due;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Norman
Wiard, praying for relief for losses sustained
by him under a conti-act with the Navy Depart-
ment for fiftcen-inch guns, which was annulled
by the Department, as he alleges, without suf-
ficient cause; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of Norman
Wiard, praying for relief for losses sustained
by him under a contract with the War Depart-
ment, for semi-steel fifty-pounder guns; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the memorial of Norman
Wiard, praying for compensation for expenses
incurred by him in delivering steamers for the
War Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the memorial of Norman
Wiard, praying for compensation for altera-
tions made by him in certain iron-clad steam
transports for the War Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented three petitions of colored
citizens of Wilmington, North Carolina, pray-
ing for the establishment of a Bureau of Edu-
cation ; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of K.
A. Vervalen, of Haverstraw, New York, pray-
ing that the Commissioner of Patents may be
allowed to examine testimony in relation to the
extension of his patent for a brick machine,
which was issued June 29, 1852; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Margaret M. Ransom, widow of the late Col-
onel T. B. Ransom, who was killed at the bat-
tle of Chapultepec, in Mexico, in 1847, and
mother of the late Major General T. E. G. Ran-
som, who died in active service during the
campaign of Atlanta, praying for an increase
of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present a memorial
from the Governor of the State of Michigan,
asking commutation for the Michigan first cav-
alry, or rather a letter from the Governor, ask-
ing me to bring to the notice of Congress the
facts connected with the case, and transmitting
some papers in relation to it. The Michigan
first cavalry reenlisted as a veteran regiment,
after having served three years. At the close
of the rebellion, instead of being discharged,
as they expected to be, they were marched to
Utah. A short time since the regiment was
assembled and notified that the men might
receive their discharge in Utah or be retained a
few months longer in service, when they would
be marched on foot, across the plains, back to
their homes. They were given the option to
Receive their discharge there in Utah or to
remain in the service, and be then marched
home when it should suit the convenience of
the Government. The men being homesick,
having been detained more than a year after
they supposed their term of service had ex-
pired, and expecting commutation as in other
cases should they accept the then muster-out,
accepted the muster and were mustered out
in Utah, and came home penniless. It cost
them some two hundred dollars to obtain their
transportation from Utah home. They came
home destitute and ragged, after four or five
years spent in the military service of the Uni-
ted States. They think and I think that they
are justly entitled to a fair commutation for
their transportation home. I am requested by
the Governor to call the attention of Congress
to this matter, and I move that the letter of
the Governor and the accompanying papers be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia; and I trust that the committee
will report at an early day favorably on the
case.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER subsequently said: Since
presenting the papers in the case of the first
Michigan cavalry I have received a letter from
General Sherman, which I ask may be read
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Headquarters
Military Division of the Mississippi,
St. Lodis, June 22, I860.
Sir: General 0. B. Willcox spoke to me in Detroit
a few days.since of the hardship and seeming injus-
tice experienced by certain Michigan volunteers dis-
charged in Utah, and he nowwrites that he is satisfied
the men have been paid all that the law allows, and
that a petition will be made Congress for proper re-
lief, which he wishes me to favor. Iwilldosowiththo
utmost pleasure, and beg that you will lay this letter
before the Military Committee asevidenee of my feel-
ings in the matter.
The specific facts of the case do not come to me
officially, but X think I know the facts. In Utah,
having no cavalry, we retained some horses and
equipments to mount infantry in case of need. There-
fore the Michigan cavalry could not bring in their
'horses. The Government does not give to a discharged
soldier actual transportation back to his place of
enlistment, or mileage, but presumes he will march
back at the rate of twenty miles a day. Therefore
the paymaster on making final payment computes
the time it will take the soldier to march to the place
of enlistment and pays him his pay, subsistence, and
clothing allowance. Now, to march in from Utah is
a very different thing from footing it through a set-
tled country, and instead of pimxily affording reiief
in the case in point I would like to see some general
rule, suited to the changed state of facts, to be ap-
plied to all cases of the kind. I will not venture to
suggest any, as my experience is that you gentlemen
prefer to make your own laws.
It is often to the interest of our remote Territories
that volunteers should be discharged there, as many
want to remain as settlers, and to transport them
back home for discharge and pay would cost them
individually much money and the loss of a whole
season.
With much respect, your obedient servant,
W. T. SHERMAN,
Major General.
Hon. Mr. Chandler,
United States Senate, Washington, D. G.
The letter was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I present the memorial of
the president and board of directors of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company, a corpo-
ration chartered several years ago by the State
of Texas for the purpose of building a railroad
from the eastern line of that State to the Pa-
cific coast, to run as nearly as practicable along
the thirty-second parallel of latitude. They
represent that Texas, with a high appreciation
of the importance and national character of
the work, endowed them with a munificent
land grant, and guarantied a loan in money
to the amount of $G,000 per mile for every
mile to be built in that State, a distance of
eight hundred miles. Citizens of more than
twenty States are subscribers to its stock, thus
attesting the national character and importance
