1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3379
of the company. The executive and legis-
lative^ departments of the Government have
examined and admitted the merits of this route,
both Houses of Congress having formerly passed
a bill largely endowing them with grants of land
and money, but owing to a disagreement be-
tween the two Houses on some immaterial point
of detail, delayed the consummation of the
measure into a law, and the rebellion inter-
vening destroyed for the time the hopes of the
enterprise. They now pray that Congress may
revive and reenact the measures so carefully
matured by the Thirty-,Sixth Congress in aid
of the Southern Pacific railroad, with only
such modifications as the changed condition of
the country may require.
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee 011 Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (II. R. No. 680) for the relief of certain
officers in the volunteer service who failed to
make proper returns of stores and other pub-
lie property, have instructed me to report it
adversely. I move the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (IT. II. No. 450) to extend
the benefits of section four of an act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1800, approved March 3,
1805, reported it with an amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint res-
olutions, reported them severally without
amendment,:
A bill (fl. It. No. 480) for the relief of
Catharine Welsh;
A bill (II. R. No. 041) for the relief of
Charles M. Stout, late a second lieutenant in
company 15, seventh regiment Pennsylvania
Reserve corps;
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 103) for the
relief of Joseph Parkins; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 104) for the
relief of Fontaine, T. Fox, jr.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 1287) to provide for the
construction of a wagon road from Boise City,
in the Territory of Idaho, to Susanvilie, in Cal-
ifornia, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Mines and Mining, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 352) granting to A. Sutro the right
of way and granting other privileges to aid in
the construction of a draining and exploring
tunnel to the Comstook lode, in the State of
Nevada, reported it with an amendment.
charles m. blake.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the joint, resolution (Tf. It. No. 102) for
the relief of Charles M. Blake, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage; and I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
resolution.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs that there be paid to Charles M.
Blake six months' salary as chaplain in the
Army, in full for the pay of which he was de-
prived while waiting investigation into charges
prefeired against him, at the close of which
investigation he was restored to his position
by the Secretary of War.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
park and presidential mansion.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Public Buildings
anil Grounds be directed to inquire whether a tract
of land of not less than throe hundred and fifty acres,
adjoining, or very near this city, can be obtained for
a reasonable prico, for a park and site for a presi-
dential mansion, which shall combine convenience
of access, healthfulness, good water, and capability
of adornment. &
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution ; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. 11. No. 709) for the relief of Mrs.
Eleanor C. Ransom; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 172) for the
relief of John M. Broome, and others, the band
of twelfth Kentucky infantry.
ISILLS lXTltOIH'UEI).
Mr. KIRKWOOD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 391) to aid the development of the min-
eral and agricultural resources of Montana;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee 011 Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 392) for the relief of the heirs of George
Faber; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Oilice.
leave of absence.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that leave of ab-
sence be granted to Mr. Dixov for the remain-
der of the session. T desire to state, as his
colleague is in the chair, that this leave is
asked for011 account of sickness; and while I
am happy to say that he is convalescent, it is
feared that it may not be prudent for him to
return this session.
Leave was granted.
approval of iulls.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 21st instant,, the following acts
and joint resolutions :
An act (S. No. 57) for the relief of the heirs
of Lieutenant Joshua,]). Todd, late of the Uni-
ted States Navy, deceased ;
An act, (S. No. 127) for the relief of Jona-
than W. (lordon, late major ill the eleventh
regiment of infantry;
A11 act, (S. No. 171) to establish a hydro-
graphic otfice in the Navy Department;
An act (S. No. 202) for the relief of Elisha
W. Dunn, a paymaster in the United States
Navy ;
An act, (S. No. 230) to reimburse the State
of West Virginia for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pay-
ing military forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion ;
An act (S. No. 278) for the relief of Captain
John 11. Crowell, assistant quartermaster in
the United States A-rmy ;
An act (8. No. 307) authorizing the resto-
ration of Commander Charles lluuter to the
Navy ;
An act (S. No. 300) to regulate the appoint-
ment of paymasters in the Navy, and explana-
tory of an act for the better organization of
the pay department of the Navy ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 71) referring
the petition and papers in the ease of Joseph
Nock to the Court of Claims : and
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 85) explana-
tory of and in addition to the act of May 5,
1804, entitled "An act granting lands to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in Wis-
consin."
And on the 22d instant ho approved and
signed the following act and joint resolutions :
An act (S. No. 22-3J for the i-elief of the
Amoskeag Manufacturing Company;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. lOp) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander Richard
L. Law, United States Navy, to the active list
from the reserved list; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) for the
relief of Samuel Norris.
house dills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution from'
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 491) to remove the office
of surveyor general of the States of Iowa and
Wisconsin to Plattsmouth, Nebraska—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 709) for the relief of Mrs.
Eleanor C. Ransom — to the Committee on
Claims.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 172) for the
relief of John M. Broome, and others, the band
of twelfth Kentucky infantry—to the Commit-
tee 011 Military Affairs and the Militia.
payment l'or army supplies.
Mr. POLAND. I move to take up Senate
biU No. 217.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
217) to provide for the payment for quartermas-
ter's stores and subsistence supplies furnished
to the Army of the United States, the pending
question being on the amendment proposed
by Mr. IIkn'dhicks, to add the following as a
new section:
A ml h<: it further a ineted. That the sccond and third
.see!ion* of (tic net of Congress unproved July 4,1864,
entitled "An act to restrict the jurisdiction of tho
Court of Chums ami to provide for the payment of
certain demands tor quartermaster's stores and sub-
sistence supplie.-fuimshcd totho Armyoftlie United
States." bo so amended that att claims of loyal cit-
izens in the States not 111 rebellion at tho date of
the pa.-sam; "t tho net aforesaid for quartermaster's
stores or eoooaissaiy stores furnished to or taken by
the Arm> eft ho United States, under and by direction
ot any oiheer actios at the timo under competent
authority, may bo submitted to tho Quartermaster
General and Commissary General, with such proof
as each claimant can present, of tho facts in his case.
And it shall be tin-duty of these officers to cause such
claims to he examined, and, after an investigation
thereof, to report each case, with theiraction thereon,
to t ho Third Auditor of t lie Treasury for tinal adjudi-
cation and settlement. That tho provisions of this
act. shall extend to such persons only as were loyal
at the inception ot their claims and have so continued
to tho pi csent time.
Mr. 11 KNDItlOKS. The amendment which
has just been read is 011c which L was requested
to present and which I think is right. It has
just, two effects. One is to allow claims for
properly that, was taken by an officer having
competent authority to do it, but not technically
in the commissary or quartermaster's service,
as in many eases where a general himself or-
dered property to be taken. This amendment
pro\ides that where it was taken and used by
the Army it shall be paid for. The other effect
is that Ihese cases shall go to the Third Audi-
tor's oilicc and be examined like any other
eases of claims for property against the Treas-
ury. This amendment is confined to the States
that were not in rebellion; it does not extend
as far as the bill extends in its other provisions.
Mr. POLAND. Thclirst objectofthisamend-
ment to remedy the acts of the Departments in
relation to their construe! 1011 of the statute of
July 4, 1804, as to who was a pioper officer,
seems to me to be quite unnecessary. This
bill is almost in exact words tho act of July
4, 1801, providing for payment for quarter-
master's stores and subsistence furnished to the
Army by loyal persons in loyal States ; hut this
bill extends the provisions of that act over the
whole country, including the rebel States as
well as the rest of the country, and it makes
further alteration. By tho act of 1804 claims
for supplies that were furnished by persons in
tho loyal States were to be audited by the Quar-
termaster General for quartermaster's stores,
and by the Commissary General of Subsistence
for subsistence stores, and their action was to
be reported to the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury. By tho action of the Deparlmentstlie find-
ings of the Quartermaster General and the Com-
missary General of Subsistence were tioated
as couclu.sive, and the duty of the Third Au-
ditor as merely ministerial. This bill provides
that all claims above $500, instead of being
presented to the Quartermaster General and
