1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3*95
as well try to controvert the fact, in noon day,
when the heavens are cloudless, that the sun
is shining.
Now, Mr. President, the country being in
peace, the question is, whether these military
possessory titles, or the mere right of posses-
sion given by General Sherman, can be con-
firmed by the present measure or by any other
action of Congress. I say it cannot. It is not
my purpose now to impugn General Sherman.
I believe that the only particle of statesmanship
that was exhibited by any military commander
during the war was exhibited by him in his ar-
rangement with Johnston; and I believe that if
that arrangement had been taken up in good
faith, and had been confirmed and executed by
the Government, the restoration of the Union,
and not only that, but the harmony and frater-
nity of the people of the United States, at this
time, would be perfect. My present position is
this: that the possessory rights which General
Sherman granted to the negroes ceased with
the cessation of hostilities. That principle is
a principle of national law, and it, would apply
at (his time, under the present slate of circum-
stances, between independent Powers. I illus-
trate it in this way: suppose England and the
United States had been at war, or the United
States and Mexico, and we had made conquests
in Canada or in some of the provinces of Mex-
ico, and our commander. General Scott, m the
late Mexican war, or any other general, had
granted to American citizens, or to any persons
whatever, the possession of lands there, pre-
cisely in the terms ill which General Sherman
has granted these lands to the negroes in the
South, the moment that that war ceased the pos-
session conferred by the military commander
would terminate, and those who owned the lands
previously would be entitled to resume posses-
sion of them. I will read a section of law from
Phillimorc in support of that principle:
" The conqueror dethrones the sovereign and as-
sumes tho dominion of the conquered territory; but
as a general rule ho does no more."
Xow. sir, apply that principle to this intes-
tine war, and all that was effected as our con-
quering armies marched through tho South and
occupied the country was simply to dethrone
the power of the confederate government.
"The conqueror dethrones the sovereign and as-
sumes the dominion of tho conquered terutory; but
as a geneial lule he does no moie. It 1ms been well
laid down by the tribunals of the North American
United States that the modern usage of nations, that
largo and important part of the international law,
would bo violated, the sense of justice and of right,
which is felt and acknowledged by the civilized world,
would bo outraged, if private property were generally
confiscali'd and pi h ate light* annulled. The people,
indeed, changetbeirallpr'ianee; theirrelalion 1o their
ancient sovereign is dissolved ; but their relations to
each other and their rights of pioperty remain un-
disturbed.M
All the power that Congress has, all the power
thai tho Government of the United States has,
in relation to the late insurrection, is to sup-
press it. They have not a particle of power
outside of that which is imported by that term.
The honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Jonxsox] in hi« masterly argument drew a cor-
rect distinction between the power of war and
the power to suppress insurrection under our
Government, lie stated trulv, and he estab-
lished the proposition beyond all doubt, that
the one was the war power and the other was
the simple power of police; that the simple
power of police applied and inured to the ben-
efit of the Government of the United States in
putting down this insurrection, in ''suppres-
sing" it, to use the language of the Constitu-
tion, and that tho war power, as it was created
in the Constitution, had no application lo the
case; and 110 gentleman on this floor, or out
of this Senate, can overturn that position, or
shake il. Phillimore. treating of war between
independent Slates, says expres.Jy that where
there is a war between independent States, and
one country, oraportionof one country con-
quered. the only effect is find the conquered
couni rv vields hs political subjection to i he con-
queror. an 1 liie momcnl peace is deelared and
mad,., ihat moiin'nl the private property of the
conquered people revev;s to its owners.
Mr. President, if that is the law between for-
eign nations, with how much more force and
truth is it the law in relation to our own coun-
try, and to our own fellow-citizens who were
lately in revolt, and who have been subjected to
obedience'? If the South had been a portion
of the English possessions, or the French pos-
sessions, or the possessions of any other foreign
Power, according to this plain, explicit, and
now universally received principle of national
law, when General Sherman marched into Geor-
gia and South Carolina, and subdued the coun-
try, and reduced it to subjection to the Ameri-
can arms, all the effect of that conquest would
have been simply lo transfer the political allegi-
ance of the people to the Government of the
United States', and if lie had taken possession
of private property, the moment that peace was
made between tho countries, that instant this
private property, with all tho rights of owner-
ship, would be reinvested in the owners thereof,
as though there had been 110 war at all.
This principle demonstrates beyond all doubt
or reasonabl e contradiction that neither the Sen-
ate nor the Congiess of the United States have
any power to confirm these possessory titles,
or the mere naked right of possession, this
property, keeping outthe rightful owners of that
property one day after peace has been declared,
one day after peace in fact exists, one day in
fact after tho suppression of the insurrection.
The suppression of the insurrection makes the
peace. It is ouly a great riot; it is only a great
sedition. Wherever a riot, or sedition, or insur-
rection occurs in a country, where that country
has a government like ours, the police power
to quell the riot-i to put down the sedition, to
suppress the insurrection, applies; and so soon
as tho riot, or the sedition, or insurrection is
put down, the office and power of the Govern-
ment over the matter ceases; the power then
becomes fundus officio; and all the rights of
the citizens, all their obligations to the Govern-
ment, and all their rights of private property
immediately apply, as though there had been
no riot. 110 sedition, no insurrection.
Now. Mr. President, I will make one further
remark and then take my seat. 1 have heard
the cry of *' Mad dog !"J: Mad dog !"_ and then
the multitude shout, :' Kill him! kill him! damn
him, kill him!" The South has been a mad
dog: the South has acted with folly and great
criminality; but the South has been subdued;
the South has come back to its allegiance; the
South has resumed its reason and its loyalty.
The mind and the reason of the South have
become satisfied of the impossibility and folly
of that insiu rcction which it made against the
Government of the United States. It has be-
come convinced in its deepest reason that its
duty to itself and its safety requires a perfect
obedicnce to the authority of the United States
and to the laws and Constitution of the United
States. It offers now, not in its passion, not
in its weakness, not in its fears, to come back
and render its allegiance to its country and its
Government; but in the deepest convictions of
I its reason, it offers to render noble, manly,
! just, and proper tribute to the supremacy of the
! Government of the t'jiited States. Plow is that
i proposition received? All the frenzied people
' of the North, nil tho strong-minded spinsters
i of New England, all the fighting clergy of the
| northern States who are for letting slip the dogs
I of war and crying havoc, all the Black Itepub-
! liean partv. dyed in the wool, who hold office
I obtained ill this crusade against slaveiy. and
' who expect to retain it only bv keeping up this
: crusade and this fierce and irrational frenzy.
; all the .Jacobins, all the men who belong to
i '1 The Mount ain " of Washington city aiidAmer-
i ica— for we have 1; The Mountain 'here as they
had it in France in the days of the French Ke\ 0-
I lution—all of them are now shouting ;'Mad
dog' mad dog! kill him! kill him! damn him,
kill him !'' Sir, that spirit does not become a
Christian people ; it does not become a just
people ; it does not become a wise and politic
people. No country can ever be permanently
■I reduced to peace and order and fraternity and
confidence and love and affection for its Gov-
ernment by pursuing any such policy. We are
members of the same national family, and we
should treat each other as we would treat our
own private family; and the head of a family who
would so treat his erring and sinning son, in-
stead of winning back that son to duty and love,
would make him his eternal and unforgiving
enemy.
Believing that this section is in flagrant con-
flict with the Constitution and with the laws of
nations governing even separate and independ-
ent States and securing to them belligerent
rights, believing that it is in conflict with both
codes of law. the national and constitutional, I
move to strike it out from the bill.
The PI1ESIMNG OFFICER, (Mr. Clakk
ill the chair.) The question will first be on con-
curring in the amendment adopted as in Com-
mittee of the Whole to the fifth section of the
bill. Tho Senator from Kentucky moves to
strike out that section. The parliamentary usage
is to allow the section to be amended before a
vote is taken on striking it out. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole to the fifth section
of the bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky to strike out tf.e fifth section as amended.
Mr. DAVIS. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays ">2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew. Cowan, Davis, Guthrie,
Hendricks, McDougall, Riddle, Salisbury, Stockton,
and Wright--10. „
KAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Cragin, Dixon, Doolittlc, Iteendcm Foot, ioster,
Grimes, Harris, Howard. Ilowo, Lane of Indiana-, Mor-
gan, Morrill,Norton.Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Bpraguc. Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade. Willcy, Wilt-on, and Yates—32.
ABSENT—Oonncss (hesweilv Henderson,
Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane of Kansas, Ncsmith, and
Williams—8.
So the Senate refused to strike out the fifth
section of the bill.
The Secretary read the next amendment
adopted as in Committee of the Whole, which
was to strike out the sixth section of the bill
in the following words :
Sec. 6. A nrt be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner, under the direction ot the President, is hereby
ouipoweicd to puichase or rent such tracts of land in
the several districts aforesaid a? m? y he necessary to
pro\ ide for the indigent refugees and freedmen de-
pendent upon the Government for support: also to
purchase hi tea and building* for school1* and asylums,
to he held uf* United States properly until the refu-
gees or freedmen phall purchase the samevor they
shall be otherwise disposed of by the Commissioner.
And to insert in lion thereof:
Sec. 6. An<1 hp it farther rnnrfpd. That the Commis-
sioner shall, under tho direction of the President, pro-
cure in the lunne ot the United States, by grant or
purchase, such lands within the districts aforesaid as
may be required for refugees and fieedmon depend-
ent on the Government for support: and lieshallpro-
vide or cause to be erocted^uitahle buildinersfor asy-
lums and schools. But no .such purchase.shall be made,
nor contract for the .same entered i'nto, nor other ex-
P<m*e incurred, until after appropriations sliall have
lands, from time to time, to be valued, allotted, as-
signed. and M)ld in manner and form provided in tho
prccceding section, nt a price not less than the cost
thereof to the United State-'.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in this amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole to the sixth seelion
of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. After that, amendment shall
hnve been concur: rd in, it will bo in order, as
1 understand, to move to strike out the whole
section.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will. The
| question now is on concurring in the amend-
: mcut mode as in Committee of the Whole to the
i sixth section ot tho bill.
| The amendment was concurred in.
! Mr. DAVIS. I now move to strike out the
sixth section as amended, and I desire to say a
woid ur two upou that molion. Sii'jl^know
how vain and useless any humble exertions 1
can make will be to defeat this measure ; but I
