3380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
"the Commissary General of Subsistence, shall
go to the Court of Claims. The committee re-
garded that as a safer tribunal, both for (he
claimants and for the Government, than that
they should be audited by some subordinate in
some of the Executive departments.
Now, in reference to the first objection that
this amendment is designed to meet, it is true,
as I understand, that in the Quartermaster
General's office they hold that the language of
the law,'' taken by a proper officer, or receipted
for by a proper officer," means an officer of the
quartermaster's department; and they have held
that although these supplies may have been
taken by a military officer or by his command,
still, if ho was not an officer of that particular
department, he was not a "proper officer,"
within the meaning of the act. I am very free
to say that I think that is an erroneous con-
struction of the law, and that when this bill is
passed, if it shall be passed, and these cases
for larger amounts are presented to the Court
of Claims, an entirely different construction
will be put upon it, and it will receive the con-
struction which this amendment proposes to
give it, that wherever supplies were taken by
virtue of the direction orcommand of an officer
having competent authority to give the order,
he will be held to be a ''proper officer" within
Hie meaning of the statute.
A word, sir, in reference to the merits of
this bill. Its object is simply to pay loyal per-
sons in the rebel States for supplies that have
actually been received and used by our Army.
I am aware that some gentlemen have ex-
pressed fears in reference to this bill, that if it
should pass, some disloyal person in the rebel
States may get pay for something that he has
furnished the Army. Of course it will be ne-
cessary that very great caution should bo exer-
cised in administering this law. It undoubt-
edly will be true that persons in the southern
States who were really disloyal will attempt
to prove that they were loyal and get claims
allowed under it. The administration of itwill
necessarily require strict examination ; but it
seems to me that this is really no argument
against having a law of this kind. The Gov-
ernment certainly should not decline to pay for
supplies which our Army have had and used,
furnished by persons who were really loyal, and
loyal in those States where it was at the peril of
their lives to be loyal, and who have been left
destitute and in a suffering condition by the war.
I think the amendment that has been offered is
unnecessary; that the bill will really accom-
plish all that the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana desires to accomplish by his amendment,
without having that adopted; and I fear that
the adoption of it would jeopardize the passage
of the bill,
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will not press his amendment at the
E resent time, I think we had better pass the
ill as it is. I do not know but that an amend-
ment may be needed hereafter, but we are
making in some sort an experiment now, and
we should be very careful with these claims.
I am in favor of the bill as it stands, I am,
and have been for a long time, in favor of pay-
ing the loyal citizens of the disloyal States who
have just claims against the Government, I
think the true way of paying them is at the
Court of Claims. The Court of Claims has
much greater facilities for examining testimony
and thoroughly investigating a case than a De-
partment can have, or a committee of Congress
can have. -If, by and by, when we have gone
along for sometime and seen what we can
accomplish in this way, there shall be need of
further legislation, I have no doubt Congress
svill be willing to supply it. But there is a lit-
tle hesitancy now on the part of many Sena-
tors a«4 Representatives to go very largely
into these^la^tus in the southern States. We
had betterpraceed^autiously. We had better
bare our construction «£ the law very strict
rather than loose at first, is rorder to pay the
claims that £ught' to .bp paid.' jf think it is
better that the bill should pass as .it-is, aad if
hereafter the coftrfc'^k^ll j ive a tcQn-;
struction to it, we can make the proper amend-
ment. 7
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the .Senator would
propose an amendment to the bill advocated
by the Senator from Vermont, I would be en-
tirely satisfied; and that is, to let the cases
under $500, which have yet to be examined
before the Department, notwithstanding this
bill, go directly to the accounting officers. I
think it is an error that the Commissary Gen-
eral and the Quartermaster General should be-
come accounting officers. It is not according
to the system that we have adopted. The
Quartermaster General is not a proper account-
ing officer of the Government. , Where a claim
is presented to him, and he rejects it 
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will pardon
me, I think it had better go, in the first in-
stance, to the Quartermaster General or the
Commissai-y General for examination, and then
go to the accounting officers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is what I propose.
I think they ought to go through the quarter-
master's office with a view to such suggestions
about allowing them and such information as
that department can give ; but I do not think
the Quartermaster General oughtto be the final
authority to adjudicate a claim.
Mr. CLARK. I was for fixing the amount
at which all claims should go to the Court of
Claims at $300. I prefer that; but many Sen-
ators thought that would be a little too strict,
and that the accounting officers of the Treasury
or the proper officers of the Department might
settle all claims up to $500. I do not know but
that I would be entirely willing, if these claims
can go in the first instance and be certified at
the quartermaster's or commissary department,
then to let them go to the accounting officers of
the Treasury and there be finally adjudicated.
I have no desire or preference for one tribunal
over another, except to have these cases thor-
oughly examined and allowed only upon strict
proof; because there will be so many of them,
unless we do make strict proof and be very
thorough in our examination, the danger is
that they will all be swept away or the Treasury
depleted; one of these two things must happen.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I presume there are a
great many citizens in the State of Indiana in-
terested in this question, and therefore I am
anxious to see it properly disposed of. There
was an invasion pf our State by a cavalry force
under John Morgan, and in the pursuit of that
force the proceedings were somewhat irregular,
and to support the Army the means of the peo-
ple were taken to a very considerable extent,
and no sufficient provision is made for their
payment. The corn, hay, oats, &c., to sup-
port the cavalry force in pursuit of John Mor-
gan were sometimes taken without the inter-
vention of a quartermaster's officer or any
officer of the commissary department. The
man whose corn, oats, and hay went to feed
the horses of the Army ought to be paid, but
General Meigs will not pay them. I am not
willing that he shall be the final authority upon
any such question where the people of Indiana
are interested.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will see that
there is considerable difficulty in the case which
he suggests, A great many things might be
destroyed that would come under the head,
perhaps, of damage. Provender, &c., taken by
a proper officer for the support of the Army
should be paid for. So far as I am concerned,
and perhaps the Senator from Vermont will
consent to that course, I think the bill should
lie over a little while to allow the Senator from
Indiana and the Senator having charge of it
to confer a little, and see if something cannot
bo agreed upon that will be satisfactory to both.
It is desirable that only a proper bill should be
passed with proper safeguards for the Treasury.
Mr. HENDRICKS, I want to state to the
Senator, if he thinks I am in favor of letting
any officer adjudicate upon a claim of mere
damages,' that I am not, I am' not in fav.or of
taking that from under the immediate control
of Congress.
Mr. CLARK. I <Ti4 not understand the
Senator so to state ; but I was pointing out the
difficulty there might be in the case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Where there is an im-
plied assumpsit between the citizens and the
Government, whether it is in a regular pro-
ceeding or not, I think they ought to be paid;
for instance, where provisions have been taken
to feed the Army in the field or horses in the
field. What I want, and what I think is very
important to the rights of these parties, is, to
take the adjudication away from the Quarter-
master General, so far as he assumes to be the
final judge, and give it to the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury. I am willing for the
claims to pass through those departments for
report, and then let them go to the Auditor,
who is the proper accounting officer of the
Government. There is much dissatisfaction
with the adjudications of the quartermaster's
office, and I think justly. I think there is an
effort—perhaps I am not justified in saying
what I was going to say—but sometimes a repu-
tation for economy is secured by grinding down
the citizen in regard to a little bit of a matter
when millions of money are squandered in
things that bring no good to the public.
Mr. POLAND. 1 entirely agree with what
the honorable Senator from Indiana says in
relation to the constructions that have been
put upon the existing law by the quartermas-
ter's department. 1 think it is true that their
construction of the language in relation to who
is the proper officer is entirely erroneous; and
in some other respects there has been a strict-
ness of construction that I think is not war-
ranted by the existing law. The language of
the present act is the same as that of the ex-
isting law, except that itextends it over a wider
portion of country, and gives the jurisdiction
in all eases above $500 to the Court of Claims.
But, Mr. President, I think the whole thing
will be remedied by the passage of this bill just
as it stands. All the larger claims will go into
the Court of Claims; a proper judicial con-
struction will be given to the act; and, of
course, that will be binding upon the Depart-
ments ; that will settle the practice under it
there; and those erroneous interpretations, of
which the honorable Senator from Indiana
complains, will all be cured in that way. I
think that the entire object of his amendment
will be met and satisfied by the passage of the
bill as it stands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Upon the suggestion
of the Senator, for whom I have so very much
respect, I will withdraw my amendment, and
we will test it until the next session. If we find
the people are still to be ground down as they
have been heretofore, we can offer an amend-
ment at the next session.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the consent of the
honorable Senator from Vermont to amend the
bill wherever a reference is made to the Quar-
termaster General or to the Commissary Gen-
eral by changing it to "the Secretary of War."
These officers are to cause an examination into
the validity and propriety of these accounts.
It seems to me that the Secretary of War would
be the proper person in whom to concentrate
all matters pertaining to his whole Department,
rather than to make separate branches of his
Department accounting and settling officers,
even in matters of this kind. Combinations
outside of the Department might have an influ-
ence upon the subordinate officers, when that
influence would not extend to the head of the
Department. It seems to me, therefore, that
we should insert in this bill the name of the
Secretary of War, who would naturally refer
all matters pertaining to the quartermaster's
department to the Quartermaster General, and
all matters of subsistence to the Commissary
General's department, and would receive re-
ports, of course, directly from them on the
Subject. I hope the honorable Senator will
permit the name of the Secretary of War to be
introduced, and I will move that amendment.
In line eight, of the first section, I move to
strike out the words " Quartermaster General
