2420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
give him that authority 1 I take issue with the
Senator from Vermont as to the authority of
Congress in this respect. I insist that we may
confer upon the President the power to remove
in vacation by law, and wherever he does make
a removal iu vacation in pursuance of law and
makes an appointment in pursuance of law in
vacation, it is proper we should pay the ap-
pointee ; but because we by statute confer upon
the President authority for cause to remove and
appoint in vacation, does it therefore follow
that without legislation he can remove and ap-
point in vacation? Why, sir, we confer upon
the President this power to appoint officers by
creating the office. We establish a new Depart-
ment of the Government; we increase the num-
ber of judges ; we establish a judicial district;
and how does the President get authority to
appoint a judge or a marshal or an attorney?
He gets it in pursuance of the law that creates
the office; it is in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress that he gets the power to make the appoint-
ments at all.
Just so in regard to the removal and appoint-
ment of incumbents in office. We may provide
by a statute that for cause he may remove a
man from office during the vacation and sub-
stitute another in his place, and submit to the
Senate when the Senate, convenes the question
of whether they will advise and consent to the
new appointment. Congress may go further.
They may authorize the President to appoint
and remove inferior officers without asking the
advice and consent of the Senate, and we have
often done so. The Constitution expressly
authorizes Congress by law to iuvest the ap-
pointmentof inferior officers either in the Pres-
ident alone or in the judges of the courts or in
any of the heads of Departments; and in pur-
suance of this authority the appointments of
various minor officers all over the country have
been vested in the President alone and heads
of Departments. Now, would it not be com-
petent to provide in one of these statutes, when
we give him the power of appointment without
consulting us, that he should not have the power
of removal without cause?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the case of the
Comptroller of the Currency we provided by
law that he should not be removed without the
consent of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thank my friend from
Maine for that suggestion. I recollect that
there is such a provision, which was made, per-
haps, in 18G3; and the provision which it is
now proposed to insert as an amendment to
this bill also has a precedent the same year.
The Senator from Vermont has denounced.it as
aggressive on the President, as inviting attack,
as assailing him, whereas in 1863, when Con-
gress was acting iu harmony with the President,
there was attached to an appropriation bill—
the Army appropriation bill, I think—a pro-
vision very similar to this, not going quite so
far? but providing that no officer appointed
without the advice and consent of the Senate
to a vacancy to which their advice and consent
might have been obtained, should receive any
compensation until he was confirmed by the
Senate. So, sir, this is no new proposition;
it is no new proposition in an appropriation
bill; it is no new proposition in the law to deny
the authority of the President to remove from
office without the consent of the Senate. It
was denied, as I am informed expressly, and
as I recollect in 1863, in regard to the Comp-
troller of the Currency.
So the Senator from Vermont is mistaken
as to the power of removal having always been
exercised by the President ad libitum, and I
believe he is totally mistaken as to the exer-
cise'of this power in the removal of theofficers
of the Army and the Navy; and I should like
him to draw the distinction between, them and
civil officers. No President, so far as I am
advised, ever undertook at will and without
authority of law to appoint and dismiss officers
of the Army and officers of the Navy.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. During the war, by spe-
cial law, the President was authorized to sum-
marily dismiss officers of the Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there was such a stat-
ute, it is in* confirmation of my argument,
because it shows that Congress specially con-
ferred the authority upon the President. Per-
haps there was a statute passed during the war
on the supposition that it might be necessary
at such a time for the President to have the
power summarily to dismiss and appoint offi-
Mr. FESSENDEN". I suggest that there is
a statute of that kind. I have looked at it
within a day or two ; but the authority was
not conferred upon the President by that stat-
ute; it had been exercised by the President
before, with regard to striking the names of
officers from the roll of the Army. He had
been in the habit of doing it in special cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had the President been
in the habit of dismissing them from office ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; before that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But that law gave par-
ticular authority to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wasnotthepower given
after trial by courts-martial ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Generally it was; but
there were some special cases where it was done
by the President himself.
Mr. JOHNSON. The case of General Gra-
tiot was one instance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There were several
instances in which the President exercised the
power of striking the names of officers of the
Army from the rolls at once. So it was in the
Navy. I think there was a case recently ; my
impression is that Captain Preble was removed
from the Navy, dismissed the service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was not that since this
act?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; before.
Mr. ANTHONY. Was there not a court-
martial?
Mr. JOHNSON. General Jackson dismissed
one or two for sending a challenge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was there not a law ex-
pressly prohibiting the sending of challenges?
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course there was : but
there was no law giving the power to the Pres-
ident to remove a man for that reason. Gen-
eral Gratiot was dismissed by Mr. Van Buren
without anv court-martial.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Maryland if that power
has ever been conceded. It has been dis-
cussed and denied since I have been a member
of the Senate. I mean the power to remove
at pleasure an Army or Navy officer.
Mr. JOHNSON. I knowit has been denied,
but it has always been exercised.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In a very few instances.
Mr. J OHNSON. I mean to say that in every
case where the President thought there ought
to be a removal he has removed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not so understand
it. I understand the law provides for courts-
martial and trials to remove a military officer.
Does the Senator from Maryland mean to say
that in every case where the President thought
a man ought to be removed, instead of putting
him upon trial, he has assumed to remove him
himself; that that is the general practice of
the Government?
Mr. JOHNSON. No ; T did not say that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has not the practice
been the other way in a large majority of cases,
that the officer has been tried by a court-mar-
tial or in some other way, and been dismissed
the service, if dismissed at all, in pursuance of
the finding of a court? Does not the law pro-
vide for that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is done under the
Army regulations ; but although that is the gen-
eral practice, yet, according to my recollection,
there have been some instances where Presi-
dents have, without any court-martial, taken
the responsibility of striking the names of
officers from the rolls of the Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am bound to sujjpose
there have been such cases. I did not recollect
them, but they are the exceptions ; the general
rule is the other way, and the very fact that
the law provides a mode for trying incompe-
tent officers or officers guilty of malfeasance in
office who are attached to the Army and Navy,
goes upon the idea that without this authority
the power to dismiss them summarily does not
exist; and I am quite sure if the records are
searched there will be found to be very few
cases of the charactp" alluded to by the Sen-
ators from Maryland and Maine. Mr. Van.
Buren, it seems, exercised the power. I was
not aware that any President had done it, and
I apprehend that it will be found that it is of
recent origin, and that no such power was
attempted to be exercised in the early history
of the Government; and the general rule is
unquestionably the other way.
The Senator from Vermont tells us it is an
anomaly that a man may legally fill an office
and yet not be entitled to pay. Is it an anom-
aly? There is a bill pending on the table now-
authorizing the appointment of commissioners
without any pay. They legally fill the office
created by law, commissioners to go to Europe
without any pay at all. Is that an anomaly ?
Mr. POLAND. The Senator misunderstands
my position. Where a man holds an office and
the law makes provision for his payment, pro-
vides what his pay shall be, it seems to me very
strange that we should undertake to provide
that he may hold the office and not have the
compensation which the law provides.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law would notpro-
vide any compensation when we took it away,
would it? Is the old law any better than the
one which repeals it? Then the Senatorfrom
Vermont takes this position, that we have a
right to establish an office and not establish any
salary to it; but having established an office
with a salary, we cannot take the salary away.
If that is satisfactory to him, he is entitled to
the benefit of all that that argument can give
him. I do not think because we once attach a
salary to an office we are obliged to continue
the salary, any more than when we create an
office we are obliged to give a salary with it. If
there is a former law giving a salary inconsist-
ent with this, of course this subsequent statute
repeals it.
But the Senator tells us he has no knowl-
edge that the President designs making any
removals; he does not know that the President
has any purpose of the kind. Well, sir, I have
some knowledge that removals are being made
throughout the country. It is not proper to
speak here of removals which have been made
and are now pending in executive session; but
if it was, I think I could bring to the notice of
the Senator quite a number of cases. But, sir,
outside of executive session, I have seen it
stated in the newspapers of the country that
the marshal of the western district of Pennsyl-
vania has been removed, that the collector of
internal revenue in the district of Pittsburg has
been removed, that the postmaster in Pittsburg
has been removed. Sir, I have heard of a num-
ber of removals, which are also noticed in the
papers in my own State. Yes, sir, I have heard
of a letter written to a man holding an insig-
nificant,office in Illinois from one of the De-
partments, informing him that, having taken
part in a meeting which passed resolutions sus-
taining Congress, he would have an opjsortunity
to explain the matter. The Senator seems not
to have heard of any of these things.
Now, sir, I have as much confidence in the
people as the Senator from Vermont. I do
not believe the people of this' country are to be
corrupted by patronage; but I am opposed to
fostering men for the very purpose of giving
them the benefit of official position to defeat
measures which I believe, and which the Sen-
ator from Vermont has told you he believes,
essential to the best interests of the country.
This amendment having been adopted, I
trust the Senate will not reconsider it. It was
not an original proposition with me. The Sen-
ator from Missouri first proposed an amend-
ment to this appropriation bill which seemed
