1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
I say that is power enough for any one man to
have, and he ought not- to have any more.
Letine come to what I deem another very
objectionable feature. He asks to withdraw
$450,000,000 of our circulation bearing no in-
terest and to substitute bonds bearing six per
cent. I have a serious objection to that. In
the first place, I do not understand why it is,
when we have a circulation bearing no interest,
■when we have $450,000,000 bearing no interest
and which need not bear any interest, why it is
that is to be taken up and put into five-twenty
bonds bearing six per cent, interest.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I wish to state
merely one fact in connection with what the
gentleman is now saying, to show that the the-
ory of the report of the Secretary is the best.
He has retired from circulation $407,000 of the
United States notes.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, there is no authority
given to withdraw from the circulation of the
country the legal-tender money of the country.
Mr. ALLISON. I would ask the gentleman
if the act of June 30, 1804, does not say that
the Secretary of the Treasury may redeem and
cause to be canceled and destroyed any Treas-
ury notes or United States notes heretofore
issued under authority of previous acts of Con-
gress, and substitute in heu thereof an equal
amount of Treasury notes, such as arc author-
ized by this act.
Mr. STEVENS. That has always been con-
strued to apply to the four million act, and
nothing else. Nobody has pretended that the
Secretary of the Treasury could fund our green-
backs and put them on eight or nine per cent.
Mr. GARFIELD. _ I would ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania if nearly all the green-
backs were not issued under the very act to
which the gentleman from Iowa has referred?
Therefore the Secretary had no right to cancel
the greenbacks.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman tell
me what the Secretary comes here to ask?
What docs he come here to ask if ho had this
power before?
Mr. ALLISON. I can only answer by say-
ing that the law authorized the Secretary of
the Treasury to receive greenbacks lor long
bonds, instead of first converting them into
Treasury notes.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Then it was to save paper,
atid that was all. It does not amount to any-
thing else. 1 deny that he lias that power, lie
comes here now to ask it. In my judgment, it
is unwise to give him any more power to contract
the currency of this country upon which the
life of the country depends, and upon which
the manufactures, the agriculture, and the com-
merce of the country depend. You propose
to put it all into the hands of one man, and
the very fact lie lias this power is enough to
appal every business man in the community.
But after having got that power of convert-
ing these notes into gold-bearing bouds, what
then? The gentleman says that then we have
to return to specie payment. How are we to
return to specie payment? How arc you to
get it at present? If you would pass a tariff
that would keep out British goods, and prevent
the creation of debts abroad, which require to
be paid in gold; if you would convert your
gold-bearing bonds into currency, you would
not have much trouble in resuming specie pay-
ment in a few years.
Mr. WENTWORTII. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is one of the leaders of a great
political party, and I wish to ask him whether
be combats the policy of the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the ground thatthe policy which
he himself advocates will lead to specie pay-
ment sooner than the policy of the Secretary
of the Treasury; or whether he, and the men
who go with him, intend to keep this country
from a resumption of specie payment?
Mr. STEVENS. It gives me great pleasure
to answer the gentleman, for I know he only
asks for information, and I am sorry that I have
not more to give him.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I want to know what
you are driving at,
Mr. STEVENS. I am for specie payments
when we can arrive at them without crushing
the community to death. I am for arriving at
specie payments and still allowing the business
of the country to go on and thrive, and the
people engaged in business to pay the taxes
which you impose on them. I say that there
is not a man in the community who would not
as soon have one dollar in greenbacks as one
dollar in gold. No one expects to be paid in
gold until a general resumption by the banks
of specie payment; nobody now knows any
other currency than greenbacks, and therefore
I am in favor of keeping that currency. In my
judgment, wc have not more circulation now
than the expanded business of the country re-
quires.
This war has given an immense impulse to
everything. Whence this precipitation? We
have barely got out of the war against the rebels
before wo have a war made upon the business
community, upon the manufacturing interests,
and upon all others.
Sir, I am no prophet, but pass this bill, and
instead of $500,000,000 of internal taxes, 1 ven-
ture to say that you will not have $250,000,000
of internal revenue, The people cannot pay it.
They will not do it, and your revenue system
will not produce next year half what it produced
last year.
Mr. WENTWORTILI think I have followed
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania all
through this session closer than any other man
has followed him. [Laughter. J 1 think there
is no other member of this House who has voted
so generally with him as I have. But when this
great Republican party was made up, we, who
were originally Democrats, took up a cross,
and it was a great cross. [Laughter.] Wewere
told that if we went into that thing we should
ha\e to lay down at the feet of the irrespon-
sible paper-money men. Now, 1 want to know
of the gentleman distinctly whether, if he could,
he would resume specie payment, to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not know anybody
more able to carry that cross than my friend
from Illinois. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTII. Would you have spe-
cie payment to-morrow, if you could?
Mr. STEVENS. If I eouhl have specie pay-
ment to-morrow without deranging the business
of the country, I would. If it would derange
the business of the country to return to specie
payment at onee, 1 would postpone it a little.
1 voted for the legal-tender bill, and I am glad
I did so, for the country would not have sur-
vived without it. I know my friend behind me
[Mr. Morisii.i,] thought differently then, and
thinks so now.
Mr. WENTWORTII. Would you compro-
mise on a year?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, nor on two years.
Mr. WENTWORTII. No, nor on ten.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. STEVENS. England did not resume
specie payment the year after the wars with
France. The Bank of England issued paper
money, but the Government had £14,000,000
in the stock of that bank to give it security, and
the Government prevented it from resuming
specie payment until it thought it best. Now,
when that great war of twenty-five years was
over, did England attempt in 1814 and 18] 5 to
return to specie payment? They had afloat
but £20,000,000 or $100,000,000, and they be-
gan with their one pound notes; in a few years
they took their two pound notes; afterwards
they took their live pound notes. But they
never resumed full specie payment until the
latter part of the year 1822. Does my friend
from Illinois expect me to be wiser than the
great men of England?
Mr. GARFIELD. Does my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevkxs] deny that in 1819
the law for resuming specie payment was passed,
to go into effect gradually at first, and com-
pletely in 1823, and that the full resumption
of specie payment actually took piacc eaily in
the spring of 1821, only about a year and three
quarters from the passage of the law?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, except in very largo
sums. The law authorized them to go on until
the 1st of January, 1823,
Mr. GARFIELD. But they resumed in
1821, about a year and three quarters earlier.
Mr. STEVENS. About a year earlier. But
the law did not pass until four years after the
war. Do gentlemen here expect, when Eng-
land, with almost all the commerce of the
world at her command, was unable to resume
specie payments for eight years after the con-
clusion of her wars, and then did it by such
gradual legislation that there should be no
shock to the business of the country; do gen-
tlemen expect that we are to put it into the
power of one man to compel the resumption
of specie payments in a single year? But that
will not be so. Pass this law, and in my judg-
ment the day of specie payments will be far
distant indeed.
Mr. WENTWORTII. The gentlemen from.
Pennsylvania and I arc acting together.
Mr. STEVENS. Not in this. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTII. Never mind that. I
think he is honest; I mean to bo.
Mr. STEVENS. I will indorse you.
Mr. WENTWORTII. The question is, how
far can we travel together? I want to know if
the power and the patronage and the influence
of the great Republican party, so callcd, is to
be used to deprive us of our natural standard
of value. Now, I wish while we go together
to be perfectly honest. Nobody respects the
talents of my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] more than I do. He knows more
than all of us put together. [Laughter.] I
want him to state to the House fairly and can-
didly whether, if we follow him, he will lead us
to specie payment; or whether, if he could, he
would. Let him say fair.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say to my friend
that in this case I do not act as a member of
the Republican party.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I have followed tho
gentleman because I supposed him to be a
Republican leader.
Mr. STEVENS. If I believed that we could
resume specie payments in a month without
crushing the interests of the country, without
injuring the laborer, without breaking down the
manufacturer, without oppressing the people,
without decreasing the revenues of the Govern-
ment ; if I had tho power I would order every
bank in the country, State and national, and
the Government also, to resume spccic payment.
Mr. WENTWORTII. Suppose McCulloch
could do that, and give all our boys their money
at par.
Mr. STEVENS. If he could do it I should
give him great credit.
Mr. WENTWORTTI. I believe he can.
Mr. STEVENS. My friend is large, and has
faith like two grains of mustard seed. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WENTWORTII. I followed you on
the slavery question. [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I would be very glad to
answer the gentleman's question——
Mr. WENT WORTH. Will you go for specie
payments? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I will go for specie pay-
ment just as soon as I think the country will
bear it. But I am not willing to bestow the
power proposed in this bill ifpon any man, be
he saint or sinner. I would hardly trust my
friend himself with such power.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I trusted the gentle-
man on negro suffrage, and I want him to trust
me on finance. Let him play fair. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. _ Mr. Speaker, how muck
time have I remaining?
The SPEAKER. Two minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I yield tho remain-
der of my time to any other gentleman who
may wish to continue the discussion.
Mr. DARLING obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. With the consent of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Dirumo] I
desire to say, as a number of gentlemen are
leaving the Hall, that there is to be a session
of the llouse this evening, and this bill is to bo
disposed of, I trust, to-night.
