8382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
property taken in the rebellious States. Where
the officer had the money he paid down at the
time. It has been done all through the war.
Mr. HOWARD. Not as the act of the
commander-in-chief.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, as the'act of the
commander; and where he did not have the
money he gave a receipt for it; and now, be-
cause he did not have the money, you will not
pay! This bill provides for paying where your
proper officer took the property of a loyal man
and gave a receipt for it. If he liad had the
money ho would have paid at the time; but
because the officer did not have money to pay
down and gave a receipt for the property you
will not pay, and you never heard of an in-
stance where anybody did! Certainly such
payments have been made all through the war.
Now, that there may be no mistake as to this
question of loyalty, I propose to define it a
little more strictly, and I think that will obvi-
ate some of the objections of my friend from
Michigan, and perhaps the objections of others.
I shall move at the proper time an amendment
to define the question of loyalty, which I will
read:
That the claimant must, in proof of his loyalty,
establish by evidence that from the time his claim
accrued, and ever since, he has firmly and faithfully
maintained his adherence and allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, by defending its cause
against the rebellion, government, and forces of the
so-called confederate States in all suitable and prac-
ticable ways and according to his ability and oppor-
tunity.
I am willing to adopt a provision defining
loyalty in that way, that it shall not be simply
passive, but that the claimant shall be required
to prove that he has manifested his loyalty
upon all suitable and practicable occasions,
according to his ability ; that whenever oppor-
tunity offered he has shown affirmatively that
he was and is loyal; and when ho shows that
T think he ought to be paid if his property has
been taken and receipted for by the proper offi-
cer, or, if a receipt was not given, where it was
taken and used by the Government.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois tells us that the passage of this
bill will save hundreds of thousands and mil-
lions of dollars, and that explains the extraor-
dinary zeal he manifests for it. I took occa-
sion to refer to a remark made by a gentleman
who for four years has been daily engaged in
matters pertaining to the loyalty of these peo-
ple, and who tells me that under the bill the
whole population can prove themselves loyal.
The Senator himself confesses its weakness by
his proposed amendment. My side remark
was not made to him, but he took occasion
publicly to comment upon it.
Now, sir, I will say to the Senator that this
is a .dangerous bill, that there are millions upon
millions of dollars involved in it, and this Sen-
ate and this Congress ought not to pass it. If
we arc to legislate at all, if we are to extend
the provisions of a law applicable and which
have been applicable to loyal States, to the
eleven disloyal States in the present condition
of the country, and in their present condi-
tion, I think the act should be most studiously
guarded and carefully worded. If loyal per-
sons, persons who can prove themselves loyal,
have received from officers of the Government
certificates for supplies furnished the Army,
there is some claim in that, but here is a pro-
vision in this bill that persons who have received
no certificates may make their application.
That almost the entire population can prove
and will prove themselves loyal people in order
to obtain this compensation, I entertain no
doubt. There are Departments of this Gov-
ernment where they are doing it now. There
are Departments of this Government in Wash-
ington where there is evidence to show that a
very large portion of the population there al-
ways have been loyal. Whenever these money
claims are made it is pretty easy to prove the
man to have been loyal to the country or never
to have given any voluntary support to the rebel-
lion.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of Sat-
urday, being House bill No. 513.
message erom the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 708) for the relief of Dr.
Edward .larvis; and
A bill (H. R. No. 711) for the relief of James
Fitzgibbon.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 69) to provide for the revision
and consolidation of the statutes of the United
States;
A bill (S. No. 243) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted^ by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Amboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
bay, in the State of Michigan, and for the com-
pletion of the said road ;
A bill (S. No. 180) for the relief of A. J.
Gray; _
A bill (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Mrs. Amarilla Cook;
A bill (S. No. 275) for the relief of Corne-
lius Crowley;
A bill (S. No. 330) making further provision
for the establishment of an armory and arsenal
of construction, deposit, and repair at Rock
Island, in the State of Illinois;
A bill (S. No. 200) for the relief of Jane
Harris;
A bill (S. No. 276) for the relief of Mrs.
Jerusha Witter;
A bill (S. No. 298) granting a pension to
Jane D. Brent;
A bill (S. No. 320) granting a pension to
Mrs. Harriet B. Crocker ;
A^ bill (S. No. 339) granting a pension to
Benjamin Franklin ;
A bill (S. No. 312) for the benefit of Ira B.
Curti s;
A bill (S. No. 375) to amend an act granting
a pension to the widow of the late Major Gen-
eral Hiram G. Berry;
A bill (S. No. 381) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of marine hos-
pitals and rcvenue-cutters," approved April
20, 1866;
A bill (H. R. No. 249) to establish a land
office in the Territory of Idaho ;
A bill (H. R. No. 342) in amendment of an
act to promote the progress of the useful arts,
and the acts in amendment of and in addition
thereto ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 162) for the
relief of Charles M. Blake.
intextxal taxation'.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 513) to reduce internal taxation and to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1804, and acts
amendatory thereof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 144, at the
top of the page, in line thirty-three hundred
and thirty-four, I move to strike out ''this act"
and to insert "law;" and inline thirty-three
hundred and thirty-six to strike out "hereby"
before "imposed," and after "imposed" to
insert " by law."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These alter-
ations will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 153, in line
thirty-five hundred and seventy-seven, I move
to strike out " in this act," and in line thirty-
five hundred and eighty, on the same page, to
strike out "by virtue of this act."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those alter-
ations will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Inline thirty-five hun-
dred and eighty-two, on the same page, I move
to strike out " by virtue of this act."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That alter-
ation will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirty-five hun-
dred and eighty-three, at the top of page 154,
I move to strike out "herein" before "pro-
vided."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That alter-
ation will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirty-six hun-
dred and forty, on page 156, I move to strike
out "herein."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That alter-
ation will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 32, in line
five hundred and sixty-four, I move to strike
out after "shall" the words "call upon the
assessor of the district to," so as to read:
"the officer making the distraint shall sum-
mon three disinterested householders of the
vicinity," &c. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those words
will be stricken out, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 42, in lines
seven hundred and ninety-two and seven hun-
dred and ninety-three, I move to strike out the
words "with the salary, fees, commissions, and
charges allowed by law."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those words
will be stricken out, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Onpage 77, line sixteen
hundred and seventy-two, 1 move to strike out
' ' frtllQ rt(1Ani ofo ' '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eighteen hun-
dred and five, on page 82, after the word "sure-
ties," I move to insert the words "or amount."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those words
will be added, no objection being interposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 166, m line
one hundred and forty-one of section eleven,
I move to strike out the word "pumps" before
'' steam-engines.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to amend
the bill on pages 175 and 170 by striking out
all of section twenty after the enacting clause
and inserting as a substitute what I send to the
Chair.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of section twenty after the
cnacting clause, in the following words:
That nosuit shall bebrought against any eollectorof
customs or of internal revenue for any duty, license,
special tax, or tax paid, unless such suit is brought
wir.hin six months from the passage of this act, or
within six months after the payment of such duty or
tax.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That no suit shall be maintained in any court for
the recovery of any tax alleged to have been erro-
neously or illegally assessed or collected, until ap-
peal shall have been duly made to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue according to the provision of
law in that regard, and the regulations of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury established in pursuance thereof,
and a decision of said Commissioner shall be had
thereon; nor unless such suit shall bo brought within
six months from the time of said decision or within six
months from the time this act takes effect: Provided,
That ii said decision shall bo delayed raore than six
mont hs from the date of such appeal, then said suit
may be brought at any time within twelve months
irom the date of such appeal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Clerk to
turn to page 118, lines twenty-six hundred and
ninety-four and twenty-six hundred and ninety-
five. How does that provision read now?
The Secretary read the clause, as follows:
p And the provisions of law in relation to stamp du-
ties iii schedule B of this act shall apply to stamp taxes
herein imposed upon sales and contracts of sales
made by brokers, banks, or bankers, and others, as
aforesaid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 190, section
