'398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
now is fall of confusion,-and many men are con-
fused about simple questions of constitutional
law. This legislation here will lead to confu-
sion. A. simple law, clothing the Executive with
aufficientpower to aidin carrying out the amend-
ment to the Constitution and the laws which
may be passed in accordance with it, will an-
swer all purposes, will answer what General
Grant suggests in his report.
Sir, I would rather trust to a man elected by
the people of the United States to the high
piaee of Chief Magistrate to advise when and
how this power shSl be exercised' than to this
loose, and, I will say, uninformed' legislation ;
for what information have the Senators on this
floor with regard to the condition of things in
the South? Both parties are making reports.
If we ask what the condition of North Carolina
is-, what the condition of Louisiana is, what the
condition of Georgia is, we receive a report.
What information does that carry to you, gen-
tlemen, or what does it carry to me? As a
general rule, it is simply a partisan report,
unreliable, as, I may say, newspaper reports
generally are. There is not a person who can
understand the quadratic equation that can re-
solve out of any given statement of the reporters
whether a thing is so or not so.
In my opinion, it will be wiser to trust this
power to the President, 1'or it belongs to admin-
istration, not legislation. It cannot bo brought
within the purview of legislation. We cannot
make rules for it, for we do not know the con-
dition of things in the South. 1 live in a north-
ern State, a free State, far away from here. I
do not know how things are in these southern
States, and I think there is no Senator on this
flooi who understands the condition oflheSouth
any better than I do. I was bom and have
lived in the North, but it has been ray fortune
to mingle more with the people of the United
States, both North and South, than most, gen-
tlemen who occupy seats on this floor. I say
none of us understand their condition. It has
to be administered by a knowledge of particu-
lar cases, and I would rather trust a man whom
the people were willing to elevate to the high
office of President with the particular adminis-
tration, than trust general rules pronounced by
persons who know nothing of and about that
which they legislate ; and I undertake to say
that Congress has been legislating of and about
things of which they are profoundly ignorant.
1 move this amendment as a sulisliiute for
the whole bill, and call for the jeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas ami nays were ordered.
• Mi*. .TRUMBULL, Dcfoie the substitute is
voted upon, there are one or two verbal amend-
ments that ought to be made in the bill. In
the second section ofthe bill, line two, I move
to strike out I ho word' 'shall'' and iusert " may'
so asto read:
The J'rcM't-nt may <IU Ule eaeh district into a uum-
lier of sitb-disliiet-:, Are.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. TCUMIil.'LL, ru lino four of the
same .section I move lo strike out tho woids
" each State," and insert in lieu thereof '\sucli
district;" so as to read :
Not to exceed tho number of counties or parishes in
suuh district.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section six 
Mr. DAVIS. J rise to a, point of order. I
believe it is the order to read the bill section by-
section. I have some amendments to propose
to a preceding suction, and 1 want to offer them
as the sections are read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 believe I am entitled
to the floor.
_ _ The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Clark.)
The Senator from Kentucky rises to a question
of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to know my rights. I
have no objection to the gentleman's course if
I am allowed to offer my amendments after-
ward.
The PRESIDING OKifCLR. The Sena-
tor will state his point of order.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 want to offer an amendment,
to the second section; and my point of order is
that it is not in order to proceed to a subsequent
section until the second section and all the
amendments relating to it are disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to tlie Senator from Kentucky and to
the Senate that there is no such rule of order
of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I stand corrected.
The PRESID1NG OFFICEIL It will be in
order for the Senator to move his amendment
after the Senator from Illinois shall have of-
fered his amendments.
Mr. DAY1S. I make this inquiry, though,
of the Chair: will it be in order for me, after
the propositions of the Senator from Illinois are
disposed of, to move an amendment to the sec-
ond section?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To any part
ofthe bill the Senator chooses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object isnot to inter-
fere at all with the Senator's aniendmenis. lie
certainly must, know as well as any of us that it
is in order for him to offer any amendment that
he thinks proper to offer to any portion ofthe
bill. 1 merely desired to correct one or two
verbal inaccuracies that, on account of amend-
ments to the bill, it has become necessary to
correct. In the thirteenth and fourteenth lines
of the sixth section, 1 move to strike out tho
words " preceding section,'' and insert " fourth
section of this act."' 'The preceding section as
the bill is now amended is not the one intended
to be referred to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose 1 shall now have a
chance.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the yeas and
nays haie been ordered on the amendment
which I offered, and I ask that the question be
taken.
flu: PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have boon ordered upon it.
Mr. McPOUGALL. And nothing else is in
order in tho way of business. As a matter of
courtesy to the chairman of the committee who
reported the bill. I yielded to allow him to make
bis verbal amendments ; but tho question now
is on tho substitute 1 offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The Chan-
will inform the Senator from California that it
is in order for auv Senator lo moio lo amend,
(he bill before taking tint queslion on striking
it all out. and inserting a substitute. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky is in order.
M r. Me IK) I'd A Lb. A substitute having been
offered and the yeas and nays ordered on the
substitute, until that question has been disposed
of an amendment is not in order, according to
what T understand to be parliamentary law. I
may be ignorant on the subject, but, 1 think I
am light." Otherwise there iniisl be some very
bad io^ie in oui mles of order.
The' PRESIDING OFFICER./fhc Chair
will stale to the Senator from California thai it
is lirst in order Ie nunc to amend the part pro-
positi! to be si rieken out. then to amend the jittrl
proposed to be inserted, and Iben to take the
question on the amendment byway of substitu-
tion altogether.
Mr. DAVIS. I unfortunately a short time
since referred to the Senator i'rom Michigan. [
intended lo refer to the Senator from Illinois.
It was a mere inadvertence. I did not hear the
disclaimer of my friend from Michigan at the
time, or 1 would have made the correction then.
I now tiller the following amendment 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to inquire
whether that is an amendment to my substi-
tute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _The Chair
will answer the Senator from California when
the amendment, shall have been reported from
the desk so that ho may know wind it is.
The Secretaiy read the amendment, pro-
posed by Mr. Davis, which was in section two,
line fifteen, alter the word "chits'' to strike
out these words;
And the President ot the Cnitcd States, through
the War Inrr,>>rt .,riie Commissioner, shall
extend military jurisdiction and protection over aH
employes, agents, and officers of this bureau in the
exercise of the duties impoacit or aat'uo, .sett by ibis
act and the ant, to which i h i.-' is additional.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a question
of order. I think we should conform to some
rules that can be understood.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of order without debate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I presume I may ex-
plain it. That is allowed always. The motion
'pending, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered, is a substitute for the entire bill.
You can amend an amendment; but this is not
an amendment to the proposition which I in-
troduced, and which has been already ordered
to a vole of the Senate, but it is an amendment
to tho original bill. I insist, with ail due re-
spect to the President of the Senate, that before
the subject-matter of my amendment or my
substitute is disposed of no vote can be taken
axcept in relation to it. I believe that was
the law as long ago as Jilt*. Jefferson wrote his
Manual. 1 have a right to a vote on my amend-
1 menl.
TbePRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
no hesitation in overruling the point of order.
The question is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the words that
I now move to strike out show the claws of the
beast. They refer to the interposition of the
military power to suppress the action of the
courts in the States. If the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois will withdraw his interposition
of the military power to carry into execution
this most unjust and iniquitous measure in the
States, I care not for it. Rut, sir, here is in-
voked the military power of the United States
Government to suppress and subvert the judi-
cial power of all the States in interfeiing be-
tween the while man and tint I'reedman. I
therefore move this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the next section be
Mr. McDOUGALL. T ask still if my mo-
tion is not in oreler.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has once decided the point of order. The Sen-
ator can appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mi*. McDOUGALL. 1 will not appeal from
the decision ofthe Chair, because I do not like
to do fut ile things.
ilr. DAVIS. What is the next section in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Any part of
the bill to which the Senator proposes an amend-
ment,. The amendment the Senator last pro-
posed was: to tho second section.
ilr. DAVIS, f move to strike out the fifth
section of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest, to the Senator from Kentucky that
that, question has already been taken bv jcas
and nays.
.Mr. DAVIS. Very well, sir ; I mine, then,
an amendment to the seventh section by inscrt-
I ing the words "and cannot bo enforced" after
i the word "rebellion" in the third line, so as
to make the section road i
That whenever in any Ktaio or district in which
the oidinaiv eoui-te of judicial tuoceedinss 1ms been
1 intemuited by 1 he rebellion, and eaunot be enforced,
I anil wherein. Ac.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DA\ IS. I now move to amend the eighth
section by inserting afierthe word *' rebellion''
in the filth line the words "and cannot be en-
forced.'' This is the same amendment which
has just been voted down, ouf) applying to a
different section ; that is all.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer another amendment to
come in at the end of the eighth section :
Provided, That, the Commissioner, assistant corn-
mipsionors, aarenK or any other otliecr, netmf under
this act or the law to which it i- amendatory, shall
not exercise any judicial powers whatever.
Upon this amendment I ask for the yeas and
''The yeas and nays were ordered ; and the call
of the roll was commenced.
