2422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
All lie has got to do is to give us a reason,
whether that reason is wise or unwise, suffi-
cient or insufficient. He may give us a reason,
and tarn us off with a reason. . Reasons are as
plenty as blackberries. He may say he removes
a man because he is a civilian and the person
he appoints was a soldier.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
remember the phraseology of the amendment
in regard to that point. It is for an act done
or omitted in violation of his duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. "Foracts done or omitted
in violation of the duties of his office." Take
the case again which I formerly put: suppose
an officer discharging the ordinary routine of
his duties, say a clerk in one of the Depart-
ments, has enjoyed that office until after the
.adjournment of the Senate, there is no specific
act to be alleged against him, but it is thought
to be desirable to make a place for a Union
officer, not a rebel 
Mr. CLARK. The clerks are not touched
by this.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, take the case of an
assessor or a collector or a consul or a diplo-
matic minister, and the thousands of officers
covered by this amendment. Cabinet officers
cannot be removed and anybody put in, rebel
or loyal, except at the risk of not getting any
pay in case the Senate disapproves the reasons
for the removal. This amendment does not
Erevent the President from removing any man
e chooses, and he may give us a reason or not
just as pleases ; the removal is complete and
perfect by the will of the President; so that the
amendment accomplishes nothing. It is true,
the man who takes the office cannot draw his
pay until the Senate meets; but do you punish
the President, do you cripple his power, do you
limit bis control over the public officers? -Do
you accomplish what you desire to accomplish?
Not at all. You may punish some poor devil
who is compelled to exercise the duties of an
office and not get any pay for it; but you do
not hurt the President or hurt his feelings. The
result will be that good men, poor men, may
be deterred from accepting office under these
conditions, while bad men or rich men may be
indifferent to the salary attached to the office.
I say, therefore, with due deference to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, that the amendment docs
not accomplish ihe purpose that he has in view ;
it does not limit or control the power of the
President over the public officers, but simply
aggravates a controversy which may never arise.
Now, sir, there is a way, 1 think, in which
this matter can be accomplished—not by an
amendment to an appropriation bill; not by a
limitation of this character : but by the exer-
cise of the power of Congress over the dura-
tion and term of the various public officers.
Although it has been somewhat questioned at
different times since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, yet, as I have said before, I do not
believe it lias ever been successfully contro-
verted that Congress may regulate the dura-
tion and term of a public officer, may limit the
power of the President to remove him, may
declare that such and such an officer shall not
be removed except for such and such a cause.
But a bill of that kind must bo made with
many discriminations, must be made after much
care. There are certain officers that the Presi-
dent ought to have the absolute power of
removing; I can name Cabinet officers; it
would be intolerable that the President should
be expected to cany on the business of this
great Government with a Cabinet council over
whose members he had not the power of re-
moval, the complete and absolute power. For
that reason, hostile political parties have often
confirmed the Cabinet ministers of a President
of opposite politics, on the ground that the
President from the very necessity of the case
must have the power of removing Cabinet min-
isters and appointing such as he chooses. He
must administer those great offices through his
personal friends, and no party would require
him to appoint any but personal friends around
him to these great offices. He must, therefore,
have power over the Cabinet ministers. So,
too, he must have a power over the diplomatic
corps in a great measure. Those are officers
appointed to represent our country abroad,
holding confidential relations with the Secre-
tary of State, and therefore the power over
those officers ought not to be limited or con-
trolled or crippled by Congress. But there
are classes of officers who ought to hold their
offices independent of the power of removal
by the President—assessors, collectors, post-
masters, and other officers who really may
exercise political power; that ought by the law
to be secured from unjust and arbitrary re-
moval; and there is nothing in the Constitu-
tion to prevent Congress from passing a law on
the subject, securing those officers in the dis-
charge of their duties.
Mr. President, Congress has power over this
subject, much more ample than is generally
supposed. Congress may prescribe that the
judges of the Supreme Court or heads of De-
partments or courts of law may make a great
variety of appointments. The provision of the
Constitution is that "Congress may by law
vest the appointment of sueli inferior officers
as they think proper in the President alone, in
the courts of law, or in the heads of Depart-
ments."
Now, who is an inferior officer? Is a col-
lector an inferior officer or a superior officer?
Is an assessor an inferior or a superior officer?
The Constitution says that "Congress may by
law vest the appointment of such inferior offi-
cers as they think proper in the President alone,
in the courts of law, or in the heads of Depart-
ments. ;' There is no limit in this relative char-
acter of officers except the wise discretion of
Congress.
Mr. J OHNSON. The fair inference is that
all not named are inferior officers.
Mx*. SHERMAN. As the Senator from
Maryland says, it is a fair inference that all
officers not named in the clause of the Consti-
tution, "embassadors, other public ministers,
and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and
all other officers of the United States whose
appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
vided for," are inferior officers.
Mr. HENDERSON. Madison says that a
Cabinet minister is not an inferior officer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it that exercising
common sense in the construction of the clause,
no one would say that Cabinet ministers, who
are officers of the highest grade, were inferior
officers; but with regard to the host of subor-
dinate officers, including postmasters, I have no
doubt of the power of Congress to say that the
power to appoint all the postmasters of the
United States shall rest in the courts of law or
with the heads of Departments. There can be
no doubt of it; so that our power over this
subject is substantially unlimited, and thus we
have the right to control and check the power
of removal. Why, sir, we declare by law that
au Army officer shall not be deprived of his
commission except by court-martial and trial
by his peers; and the same is true of an officer
of the Navy. So of the various officers under
the steamboat law, who are removed by the
action of the judge of a court, and the super-
vising inspector, and a kind of a board that is
organized; and so of the Comptroller of the
Currency. Congress have repeatedly imposed
limitations on the power of removal, and there
is no difficulty in this Congress providing such
a limitation. I only say that the exercise of
the power in this form is objectionable as an
amendment to an appropriation bill; that this
particular proposition does not meet the evil
complained of; and that on the other hand we
have a remedy and a power to control remov-
als by the President furnished us by the Con-
stitution, and which may now be exercised with
great ease by this Congress if they choose to
set themselves to work upon it.
From all the developments that have been
made up to this time, I do not believe that we
Jiave the right to say, as the honorable Senator
from Illinois says, that rebels will be appointed
to fill the offices of the Government; that the
President will tura his back upon those men
who placed him in his high position, and ap-
point rebels to office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator did
not understand me to say that the President
would appoint rebels. I said they might be
appointed, and we had a right to provide that
they should not be paid; but I do not think I
said that the President would appoint rebels
to office.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to extend
the language.
-Mr. TRUMBULL. But I understand that
we are asked to repeal the test oath so that
rebels can take office.
Mr. SHERMAN. There were certain cases
in which men who had taken part in this re-
bellion were appointed to office. They were
appointed by the Postmaster General and
the Secretary of the Treasury. The matter
was referred to us in all eases, and we had a
special message on the subjcct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How was it with the
provisional governors?
Mr. SHERMAN. They are not officers
under the law; they are simply agents; and
I believe it was so held by the Judiciary Com-
mittee. They are not officers under the law;
they are not officers whose nominations are t'o
be submitted to us; they are simply agents for
the time being, provisional in their character,
I may say like spies or other persons employed
in case of war, not officers in any sense of the
word.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are military
officers or nothing.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are military agents
and employes, but not officers. But waiving
that question, two of the Departments of the
Government have appointed subordinate offi-
cers who may be called "rebels.." The Sec-
retary of the Treasury has appointed certain
of them subordinate agents to collect the reve-
nue, and the Postmaster General has appointed
a few probably as postmasters; but it has been
wisely checked by Congress, and I believe the
practice lias now been abandoned. I think,
therefore, there is no danger of such a contest
as! we now seem to anticipate by this amend-
ment. If there is such a danger, we have the
power to guard against it by a law. If this
power shall be attempted to be exercised dur-
ing the next summer after wo adjourn ; if the
President of the United States shall seek to
use tlio public money and the public offices
for the purpose of breaking down any delib-
erate sentiment of the people of the United
States, not only would the people of the Uni-
ted States be just and true enough to punish
him, but we have it in our power next winter
when we meet again to properly guard against
such things in the future.
Let us not anticipate this danger. Let us not
guard against it until it occurs. Let us not in-
vite a controversy until it is upon us; and then
we have ample and complete power over the
whole subject. Let us not fear a foreign en-
emy, and arm our militia until he declares war
against us and invades our country, and then
we have the material within ourselves to repel
the assault. I say Congress need fear no con-
troversy with the President. He may appoint
here and there persons whom we do not ap-
prove ; but we have the power over such ap-
pointments in the Senate, and therefore I am
opposed to seeking a controversy of this kind
until it is forced upon us.
I have already said more than I intended on
this subject. It is one of those unpleasant
questions that it is difficult to argue. I prefer
to rest my opposition to this proposition solely
upon the ground that it is unwise to attach such
a provision as this as a condition-precedent to
any appropriation bill.
Mr. STEWART obtained the floor.
^Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator from
Nevada will excuse me, I should like to ask
the Senator from Ohio a question.
Mr. STEWART. I will yield, if it will not
take too long.
Mr. HENDERSON. I shall not occupy
much time. The Senator from Ohio says we
