180(1.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■sm
Mr. DAVES. If the Senate will indulge me,
I propose to withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays. andask for them on another proposition
which is similar to this amendment. By unan-
imous consent, I desire to have leave to with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays on this
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope unanimous con-
sent will be given.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent. Is there any
objection?
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is.
The call of the roll was concluded, and the
result announced—yeas 8, nays 3-1: as follows :
YEAS—Buckalew, Da\ ib, Hendricks, Mc~
Dongall. lliddle, SuuUbuiy, Stockton, and Wright—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthotiy, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conner, Cragin, Cioswell, Dixon. Doolittle, Fes.,cn-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes Harris, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
gan, Momll,Norton. Nye, Poland.Pomcroy,Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, "Wade, Willcy, Wil-
owan, Guthrie, Henderson,
liams, Wilson, and Yates—!>4.
ABSENT— ilcf-srs. Cowan.
Johnson, Ncsmith, Ramsey, Sherman, and Sprague
—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I now offer this amendment,
to come in as a proviso at the end of the eighth
section:
Provided, Thai the Commissioner, assistant com-
mi««;iono)s, svrenN, or an5* other oilicers actmcr under
this act, or the law to which it is amendatory, shall not
exercise any judicial powers whatever m any State in
which 1I10 luwo can be enforced by the civil courts.
I will hay but a word in explanation of this
amendment. The President by the provisions
of this bill is authorized to assign military oili-
cers to the discharge of duties under it. The
bill then contemplates that judicial power in
the Government of the United States, which
can be exercised according to the command of
the Constitution only by courts, shall be exer-
cised by such military officers as the President
may assign to the performance of those duties.
This amendment is simply that those duties
shall not be performed by the Commissioner of
the bureau, or by the assistant commissioners,
or by any of the agents, be they civilians or
military officers, 111 any State where the courts
are open and whore the laws may be enforced
and executed m die civil courts of the country.
That is the whole proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have abstained from
making any remarks on the various amendments
which have been proposed by the Senator fiom
Kentucky and the numerous speeches he has
made denouncing the different provisions of the
bill as unconstitutional. He now proposes a
section asserting that judicial powers shall not
be exercised by these .commissioners where the
civil courts are in operation. I have not ab-
stained from replying to him because T did not.
think there was a ready answer to all that he
has said in his speeches and to every one of his
amendments, but because I thought we should
soonest get action on the bill by voting silently
upon them. I endeavored at an early stage of
our proceedings upon this bill to express my
views in reference to it. I claim to be as much
devoted to the Constitution as the Senator from
Kentucky. I would vote for no law in violation
of it. When ho rises here and appeals to the
Constitution and asserts that the Constitution
is being violated, he only sa^s that that is his
opinion. I do not think it is being violated. I
have just as high regard for it as he has ; and
while I vote silently against this amendment
and sit silent under these speeches, it is not
because there is not a perfect answer in my
judgment to every one of his positions.
Now, a word in reference to the particular
amendment before us. He would have the coun-
try believe that here was a proposition to estab-
lish courts in States where the civil tribunals of
the country are in full operation, and its judi-
cial tribunals uninterfered with. There is no
such proposition in the bill. The bill already
provides that the judicial powers conferred upon
these officers are to be exerciscd only in local-
ities where the civil tribunals have been over-
borne. and when the time comes that these in-
surgent States shall berestoied in their consti-
tutional relations to the Government, which I
trust may soon come, no judicial power will
remain in any o_f theoiiicers of the I'reedmen's
Bureau. That is the provision of the bill al-
ready.
But, sir, I did not rise to make any other re-
marks 111 reference to it than simply to say that
in silently voting against tins proposition, and
in sitting silent under the assertions which the
Senator has so often made, i did not wish it to
be taken for granted that we had not a ready
leply to his assertions, nor that the bill did not
already provide for the "very thing that he is
seeking to provide for.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Piesident, I appeal to the
recollection of the Senate, if the honorable Sen-
ator did not assert in the set speech which he
made in support of this measure a few days ago.
that its purpose was to include the States of
Delaware and Kentucky. He now says that
this bill is not to apply to any State in which
the courts are open for the enforcement of civil
law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sure that ihe Sen-
ator from Kentucky would not mean to mis-
understand me.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. His sense of fairness, how-
ever we may disagree, is such that ldo not think
he would intentionally misstate my position.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course I would not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never said, and never
intended to sa}r, that this bill did not apply any-
where but to the insurgent Stales. Now I
hope I am understood. The bill does apply to
other States; but thatportion of the bill which
confers judicial power upon the oilicers of the
bureau does not apply to the other Stales, but
is coniined to those where the judicial tribunals
have been overthrown.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course 1 do not intend to
misstate or to misunderstand the honorable
Senator from Illinois, for two simple reasons.
In the first place, he is here to correct me if I
should misrepresent him; and, in the second
place, a much higher principle actuates mc:
my own self-respect would prevent me from
misrepresenting him.
But 1 do understand this bill entirely differ-
ent from his present construction of it. He
certainly announced on the day and in the
speech to which I have referred, that it was his
purpose that this bill should apply to the States
of Delaware and Kentucky. Well, as I read
the bill, and as I understand it, there is not a
provision or power in the bill, or conferred by
it, that will not apply as well to those States as
to any of the States lately in insurrection. If
that be the meaning of the honorable chairman
who reported this bill, when 1 got up and offer
an amendment providing that this bill shall not
apply to any of the States in which the courts
are open for the enforcement of the civil law,
whv does he not propose that, so far as this
confers or attempts to confer judicial power, it
shall not be applicable to any States in which
the courts are open, and in which the laws may
be enforced ?
lie makes no such proposition, and I do not
understand that the bill, if it becomes a law, as
I have no doubt it will become a law, is sus-
ceptible of that interpretation or construction.
No, sir ; no, sir. This bill has been constructed
upon consultation, and upon consultation by
meu in Kentucky and fiom Kentucky, as I am
informed, with the honorable chairman. And
it i^i one of the main purposes of this bill on the
part of the men who have been in consultation
with him—I will not say on his part—that, it
shall apply, and thai it shall apply in all of its
requisitions of military power, to interfere with
the courts in the State of Kentucky: and I
want the bill so worded that it shall have 110
such application.
The simple proposition of my amendment
is that the officers under this bureau shall not
assume any judicial powers in any State where
the courts are open and where the civil laws
may be enforced. The courts are open in Ken-
tucky as much so as they are in Illinois. The
ci\il lnwy can be enforced there iu our civil
courts by that _ medium just as effectually''as
they can in Illinois, or Massachusetts, or "any ■
other State, ff the purpose is not that the
courts in the State of Kentucky shall be invaded
with all the military power invoked by this bill
for the protection of all agents and persons act-
ing under it, why does not the honorable Senator
accept the proposition thai the Commissioner
and officers acting under this bill shall not
assume judicial powers in any State where the
courts are open for the enforcement of the
civil law? I hat is the whole proposition of
the amendment, and on it I ask for the y-eas
and nays.
The yt;as and nays were ordered 5 and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 3G 5 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buclsalew, Davis, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, MeDougall, Kiddle. Saulsbury, Stockton, and
"Wright—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conner, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, tTowe,
Kirkwood. Lanoof Indiana, Lancof Kansas, Morgan,
Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Spraguo. Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van-Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—36.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cowan, Creswell, Johnson
Mornll, and Ncsmith—5.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I now offer an amendment to
this bill in the form of an additional section, to
couie in after the eighth section:
And be it further enacted, That from each and every
decision between parties made by the Commissioner,
or any assistant commissioner, agent, or other officer
of the Frecdmcn's Bureau, an appeal or writ of error
may be prosecuted to the district or circuit court of
the United States for the district in which such decis-
ion may have been made, and from the judgment of
such district or circuit court to the Supreme Court of
the United States by any party or person who may think
himself,herself,orthtmiselvesaggrievedthereby; and
upon such party or person entering into bond with
good and .sufficient security in the clerk's office of said
court, to abide by aud perform the final judgment of
the matter lrom which such appeal or writ of error is
prosecuted, and to pay Mich costs and damages ah may
beawarded to any parties or persons by reason oithe
prosecution of the same, farther proceedings shali bo
suspended until the final judgment of such matter.
The amendment was rejected.
!Mr. DAVIS, [offer another amendment as
an additional section:
And be it'furthrrriuirtpd, That any person who may
think lumself 01 heiself aggrieved by any proceedings
of the Commissioner, any assistant commissioner, or
agent, or other person connected with this bureau,
shall have ihe right to apply to the proper court for
a writ of pmhibition against such proceedings; and
any person or persons who may apr>ly for such writ,
aud thecourt to which such application maybe made,
shall not in any way bo disturbed or hindered in such
application or the issuing of such writ* and in all
cases in which such writ may be directed and issued,
it shali be respected and obeyed by all persons what-
soever.
I will say a word in explanation of this amend-
ment. A court that has no jurisdiction of a sub-
ject has no right to try it; and whore any court
presumes to exercise a jurisdiction of that kind
it is the right of any party who is about to he
aggrieved or thinks himself or herself about to
be aggrieved by such a proceeding, to move a
superior court for a writ of prohibition com-
manding 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to suggest
that the writ of prohibition is an old common
law writ, and the courts have a right to issue it
without legislation.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
read the amendment, he will understand that it
has other elements in it besides that. 1 admit
that it is a matter of right for any party in any
proceeding, in any tribunal that has not juris-
diction of the subject-matter, to move for a writ
of prohibition ; and that is granted of right, as
suggested by the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia; but here is the difficulty 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I said that it wosa com-
mon law writ, not a writ of right.
Mr. D A VIS. I say it is a matter of right that
every party to a suit in a court which assumos
jurisdiction of a subject over which it has no
rightful jurisdiction may apply for a writ of pro-
hibition. I hope the Senator understands mo.
Mr. McDOUGALL, 1 agree to that.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I see as clearly
how this matter i * intended to operate in Ken-
tucky, raid how it will !>e executed rn Kentucky
as I shall three months hence when the whole
