1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
that lies buried in inexhaustible fields in the
metalliferous regions of Idaho, Montana, Ne-
vada. and of the western continent, andyou can
dismiss all apprehension for the future or fears
for the ultimate payment of a debt created by
the exigencies of the war, and which under
God enabled us to subdue the rebellion and
preserve our national unity. With the resto-
ration of the Union our debt and our currency
will be safe, and posterity, blessed by our sac-
rifices and sufferings, will accept the legacy as
a saerpil trust, and the honor and patriotism
of the American people will insure the pay-
ment of the last dollar.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Iowa. [Mr. Allisox.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I only desire
to rpfer to the particular clause which 1 road
in the first section of the act of June liO, 1S04,
the substitution clause. That is a loan act,
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
borrow ยง400,000,000, and io issue five-twenty
or ten-forty bonds, or in lieu thereof seven-
thirties or eompound-interest notes. The
clause I referred to in that act authoiixos the
Secretary of the Trcasuiy to convert United
Slates notes into Treasury notes ; not the Uni-
ted States notes authorized to be issued by
the act, as claimed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] because this
act docs not authorize the issuing of United
States notes except in the clause which 1 read ;
which United States notes may be taken up
and Treasury notes substituted therefor: and
all of the United .States notes that had there-
tofore been issued under previous acts of Con-
gress may be so converted, and this includes
all of the United States notes. It was for this
reason that 1 said in my previous remarks that
the Secretary of the Treasury now has the
power to retire from circulation the greenback
currency of this country and substitute for it
Treasury notes, payable in three yeara with
compound interest or with semi-annual inter-
est. I think that this is the clear construction
of this act, and that it will admit of no other.
Mr. Speaker. I yield the floor to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Coxklim;.]
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say that, for
one, I entirely concur in the statement which
has been made by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Alijkox,] that the wy power which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's]
says would appal the country now exists. In
the first place, the Secretary of the Treasury
has now the power, under the act of March 3,
1865, to exchange any securities of the Govern-
ment which bear interest for any other securi-
ties which bear interest. In the second place,
he has the power to call in. to cancel, to anni-
hilate. so that it never again shall go out, every
particle of the currency of this country which
is made up of what we call legal-tender notes
issued prior to June 30,180-1; and the truth is
that substantially, if not literally, the whole of
that currency was issued previous to that time.
So that in point of fact for practical purposes
the Secretary of the Treasury has now the power
to call in and cancel the legal-tender currency
of the country. Only one single power remains
to be conferred upon him; and that is the power
to put his bonds upon the market whore he
pleases, when he pleases, and as. he pleases,
sell them for money, and with that money pur-
chase the outstanding obligations of the Gov-
ernment. That is the only power, in addition
to the power he now possesses, that can be
conferred upon him by this or any other bill.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxklixc] give way for a motion
to adjourn ?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir. I believe that,one
object in giving the floor to me was to have me
talk out the time till the recess, so that no gen-
tleman could make a motion to adjourn. I shall
be very happy to do that, paying for that pur-
pose almost, anvtliing that is true. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER- The hour of half past four
o'clock having arrived, the House now takes a
recess till half past seven this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The House at half past seven o'clock p. m.
resumed its session.
PRINTING ORDERED.
Mr. LAFLIN, from fhe Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred a motion in refer-
ence to the printing of live hundred extra
copies of House bill No. 3G1, to reorganize
and establish the Army of the Unitid States,
reported the following resolution :
Ilrsoh-r'l, That one thousand extra copies of House
hill No. 361, toreorgani'/.ii and establish the Anny of
the United States, bo printed fur the Mouse in pam-
phlet form.
Mr. WASIIBIIRNE, of Illinois. I desire
to call the gentleman's attention to one thing.
There is a House bill and a Senate bill, both
of which are now before the House, and I would
like to see both bills printed, so that, members
may bo able to compare them and determine |
which is the best. I move to amend so that |
live hundred of each bill shall be printed. 1 j
think that is enough.
Mr. CONKLINU. Do not Senate bills come
to the House in the large type and broad lines,
and go upon our files?
The SPEAKER. Only when ordered to be
printed by the House. The Senate bill was
ordered to be printed by the House to-day, but
no extra copies were ordered to bo printed.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
announced to-dayfliat the copies of the House
bill were exhausted, and he was allowed to re-
port another revised bill of which he asked
extra copies to be ordered.
'The SPEAKER. That is correct as far as
it goes. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Si Iikxi'k] then moved that the Senate bill be
taken from the, Speaker's table, referred to the
Committee on Military Aflairs, and ordered to
be printed: which motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the proposition
now?
The SPEAKER. To print, extra copies of
the House bill.
ill- LAFLIN. I will say in reference to that,
that, the cost, of printing this hill is compara-
tively small. It will not cost to exceed from
two to three cents per copy. Five hundred
copies would give two ancl a half to each mem-
ber. Being a bill in universal demand by those
who have been in the Army, it was thought
proper to give each member five copies, as the
expense will not exceed ten or twelve dollars.
1 hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman propose
to print one thousand of each?
Mr. LAFLIN. The resolution only provides
for the printing of one thousand copies ot the
House bill.
Mr. AVASII1HJRNE, of Illinois. In accord-
ance with the suggestion the gentleman has
made, I move that one thousand extra copies
of each be, provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; ar.d also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. LAFLIN. the Committee
on Printing was discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution requesting it to
consider the expediency of printing for the, use
of the House live thousand copies of rolls of
honor and other lists of soldiers' burials in the
national cemeteries and on battle-fields, now
beino- published under the direction of the
Quartermaster General, and that the same be
laid upon the table.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will state for the informa-
tion of the House that sotno days since the
House passed a resolution on the report of the
committee, ordering the printing^ of one thou-
sand extra copies of the report of the commis-
sioner appointed to make a revision of the rev-
enue laws, pursuant to the act of 1805, for the
Treasury Department. Prior to that the House'
had already passed a resolution calling for the
printing of twenty thousand extra copies for
the use of the House. Ithas been ascertained,
011 examination, that the type has been distrib-
uted from which the twenty thousand have been
printed. Unless some objection be made, the
committee will direct one thousand copies shall
be delivered out of the twenty thousand copies
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
DESTRUCTION OI? MOXOCACY BRIDGE.
On motion of Mr. DEMING, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the county commis-
sioners of Frederick county, Maryland, praying
for an appropriation to rebuild the bridge over
the Monoeaoy river, destroyed by Major Gen-
eral Lewis Wallace, U nited States volunteers,
and thai the same be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back House
bill No. 40, making an appropriation for a cus-
tom-house and warehouse at Jersey City, State
of Now Jersey, and House bill No. *283, to
provide for the construction of a custom-house,
post office, and court-house at the city of Cairo,
Illinois, and moved that the bills be laid upon
the table, and the repoit accompanying them
be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAMIRS.
Jilr. LOAN asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the Committee of Claims the
petition and accompanying papers of George
Mack and others.
LOAN BII.L.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, called for the
regular order.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the special order, House bill No.
207, to amend an act entitled "An act, to pro-
vide ways and moans to support the Govern-
ment," approved March 3, l.SiiS.
Mr. GARFIELD and Mr. LYNCH addressed
the House. [Their speeches will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, I had intended
to content myself with a.silent vote against this
bill, and now I am only prompted to the brief
remarks I shall make by my very strong im-
pi ession that the proposed ^measure will be
mischievous instead of beneficial to the coun-
try. I admit there are several subjects with
which I am more farooliar than I am with ques-
tions of finance: but then I have observed that
there are some threads of trnfh so long that
they run through all subjects, showing the kin-
ship of all things ; and ihese threads of truth,
or general principles as I might better say, _ are
open to the common observation of mankind.
Diffidently, therefore, yet not wholly without a
sense of sure footing. 1 will venture a few brief
and general observations on the question be-
fore the House.
In the first place I will say that, in my opin-
ion, there are elements in the question before
us which are not amenable to mathematical esti-
mation. nor soluble by any exact reckonings
of past, experience : large general facts, lying
broadly oil the face of things as they now are
and are becoming. These elements, addrcss-
inc themselves as they do more to the, intui-
tive judgment than to empirical experience,
ou"ht by all means to be duly considered. Let
us'glance at some of them.
1. As to the quantity of circulating medium
which wo really need for the healthy business
uses of the country, I will venture to affirm that
