mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
scheme shall have been put in execution. Let
me state how it is intended to operate. One of
these assistant" commissioners oV agents decides
'a 'judicial case between a negro and a -white
man. 5 he assumes jurisdiction of it. The white
•man knows, or thinks he knows, that the as-
sistant commissioner or the agent has no juris-
diction in the matter. .What docs he do? He
applies to one of our State courts, if you please,
or to the Federal district court, for a writ of
prohibition against the assistant commissioner
or the agent from further proceedings in the
case. What is done then? For daring to ap-
ply for that writ of prohibition the citizen is
taken possession of. by the military power.
What else is done? If he applies to a State
.court for a. writ-of prohibition, and that State
court grants the writ on the ground that the law
is unconstitutional, void, of no effect, that it
invests in this Freedmen's Bureau judicial pow-
ers when the Constitution of the United States
expressly says that judicial power shall be exer-
cised only by the Supreme Court and such in-
ferior courts as Congress may from time to time
establish; and if the officer of the court pro-
ceeds to cxccutc the writ, this military power
in Kentucky, organized and authorized to in-
terpose for the protection of all persons acting
under this Freedmen's Bureau, immediately
arrests the court and the officer of the court
who is about to execute the writ of prohibition.
That will be its effect, and that the Attorney
General of the United States designs shall be
its effects and operation in the State of Ken-
tucky—a man (God save the mark!) who is called
Attorney General of the United States! lie
has been concocting an iniquitous and bold and
lawless and unconstitutional scliemc to have
this effect in Kentucky.
Sir, 1 know, with the Senator from California,
that any man who chooses may apply for a writ
of prohibition; but under this bill any man who
makes that application is subject to be arrested
by the military. The bill authorizes the mili-
tary to interpose for the protection of the negro ;
and how is it to interpose for his protection?
If our court of appeals or any of our eoui'ts
grant a writ of .prohibition against one of these
assistant commissioners, or agents, immediately
the military power is summoned, and it seizes
and imprisons in a distant bastile the citizen
who dares to claim the right of applying to the
courts of his State and of his country for a writ
of prohibition against an illegal proceeding un-
dertaken by an unconstitutional tribunal. And
if the court of appeals or the circuit courts of
Kentucky, or any court, St ate or Federal, in that
State grants' a writ of prohibition against such
a proceeding, and puts it in the hands of a sheriff,
a sergeant-ai-arms, or a marshal for execution,
that officer and the court who directed that, writ
of prohibition are immediately liable tobe seized
by this military power and imprisoned.
Sir, tlie bill was designed to bring about that
state of tilings in Kentucky. That is its mean-
ing; that i.s its language; that is its spirit; that
is its purpose—all devised, contemplated, and
desired by the highest law officer of the United
States, as I am informed. I protest against
any such tyranny, in the name of my State,
in the, name of the constitutions of my country,
State and- Federal, in the name of the liberties
of the people. I protest against any such scheme,
structure, or military tyranny being devised and
put upon foot by the Congress of the United
States. All that I ask now is, that this mon-
ster, with its great sharp claws sticking out,
shall be subjected to the revision and the judg-
ment of the courts of the country. But you
seek to withdraw it from that revision, and you
vote down evcry.proposition that I make to sub-
ject this monster to judicial revision and judg-
ment, Your object is to make it a lawless, ir-
responsible military tyranny. It is that in its
provisions; it is that by your votes; it is that,
as I will prove in the remarks that I intend to
make upon the final passage of the bill, beyond
all doubt.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I have
regretted the course of remark which has been
indulged in by the Senator from. Kentucky, and
particularly T have regretted to hear him make
criticisms upon one of the officers of the Gen-
eral Government who has charge of its law de-
partment. That gentleman is not here upon
this floor. I do not think that anything he-has
done since he has been in his officc has justified
any such assault. He was regarded in Ken-
tucky, from which he comes, as a very good
lawyer, and was always considered a good man
so far as I have heard him reported. He is not
here on this floor to respond to the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will make an explanation. That
officer has an audience and speaks to a power
from which I am cut off, and he speaks in a
language that I never hear, and that is never
communicated to me. I speak now in a lan-
guage and before a tribunal that can reach him
in half an hour.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It may bo so. I have
never yet had occasion on this Senate floor or
in the other end of the Capitol, when 1 had the
honor to be there, to make a speech that was
heard beyond the Allcghanies, or beyond the
Rocky mountains, or across the Sierra Nevada.
I speak here to Senators in council on the public
affairs of the nation, and I do not make an elec-
tioneering speech for California; nor do I hold
it to be legitimate to make an electioneering
speech for Kentucky. I think Mr. Speed, the
Attorney General, who has been animadverted
upon, is a very excellent gentleman in his way.
I do not know that he is the most illuminated
man that ever appeared; I will not say that he
has a revelation from on high, as it was said
the man from Sweden, who was called Sweden-
borg, had; but I am told that lie is a very ex-
cellent lawyer, a very excellent gentleman, and
does his best in his office. I dislike this kind
of assault, upon a Federal officer who is not here.
If the gentleman chooses to assail me, or any
gentleman on this iloor who lias a chance to re-
spond to him and be heard as far as Kentucky
possibly, by everybody that takes the Congres-
sional Globe, very well.
Now, passing from that matter, I beg leave to
differ from the Senator in regard to this amend-
ment-. It is only making " confusion worse con-
founded," The bill is bad enough, God knows;
it lias faults enough, in my judgment 
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wish to ask this question of
the honorable Senator, with his permission:
does he present himself as the champion and
the defender here of a man whom he says 1 have
injured?
Mr. McDOUGALL. You spoke of him here
where he has no opportunity to reply.
Mr. DAVIS, (to Mr. McDougai.l.) I merely
ask if you, sir, present yourself as his champion
and defender.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. T will admit that the
Senator from Kentucky may be much inure con-
versant witll the Attorney General than I am,
and I suppose he has been much more conver-
sant with him at least in years past, for my
acquaintance with that gentleman is of very
recent origin, though 1 bad heard of him by
report for many years. The Senator asks if I
am his champion. When that, gentleman asks
me to be his champion and states his eausc,
possibly I may bo. For many years I endeav-
ored to protect the weak and undefended, and
I can do it now. I do not know, however, that
he requires my defense, certainly he lias never
solicited it. 1 merely object, to Senators, who
can send their messages on the wings of the
wind all through the country, saving things
here, because they are published at Govern-
ment expense, which are assaults on persons
who are unprotected. I shall always object to
that, whether the individual assaulted be upon
my side in politics or not. I have no very pro-
found respect, for the Attorney General. 1 think
I have probably seen as good lawyers as him
in my lime, and probably there may be as good
in Kentucky. That is not the point; I merely
say this is not the way to do things in this Cham-
ber, and is not becoming the dignity of the Sen-
ate, in my judgment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President—~
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not yield.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not ask the Senator to
instruct me in my duties here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor, and
declines to yield.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to this amend-
ment. I have acted with the Senator as long
as he was trying to get an expression of the
sense of the Senate. I wished to have the bill
put in such a shape that we might all under-
stand what we were voting upon ; for if a fight
is to be made, although we are largely in the
minority, it may be a long fight. It is very
easy to win a quarter race, but it takes one of
the Arab stock to win a four-mile race. I am
willing to take the chances for the distance. If
my horse was entered for a long race I would
not mind seeing a fast nag that was only good
for a quarter race pass him—a dashing fellow,
like the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr Wil-
sox,] who would brush over us all; who would
not have anything like a Democrat extant on
the face of the globe. [Laughter.] It would
not scare me a bit if my horse was running sol-
idly and strong, because I know- that in the long
run he would win.
This amendment would, if adopted, impair
the bill. Let us have as good a bill as a bad
bill can be. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, because in my judgment it will not im-
prove but will disturb the bill. 1 intend to sup-
port only such amendments as in my judgment
are good.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely have to say that the
Senator imputes an object to me that I do not
entertain ; and if bethinks that my amendments
were intended to deform the bill, it only proves
that he does not comprehend my amendments.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask the Senator
whether the same proposition lias not been in-
volved in several amendments substantially.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir, not at, all. 1 ask now
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 37 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Buckalow, Davis, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Ri'Mle, Saulsbury, Stockton, and Wright—S.
NAYS—-Messrs. Anthony, lirown, Chandler, Clark,
Conncss.Orasin, Creswell, Dixon, Doolittle, foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, It orris. Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kiik-
wood, Luno nt' Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomoroy,
llanisey, Sherman, Stewart. Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Vv iiley, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—'17.
ABSl'liN't' — Messrs. Cowan, Fessenden, Johnson,
NcMirith, and Siuague—-5.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further amendment to be proposed to the
bill itself, the question is on the substitute pro-
posed by the Senator from California, [Mr. Mc-
Doro.vi.i,,] on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
| Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not intend to oc-
| cupy the time of the Senate by any extended
j remarks, for it is late in the evening; but I de-
! sire to say, that it may be understood, and may
i bo understood to have been remarked by me,
; that 1 regard this as an opening measure, not
| of so much consequence as a fact in itself, but
i for that which it por-tends. It is the forerunner
of a struggle which has yet to come on and be
maintained on one side and on the other among
the opinions ol'the people of this country, whose
! office and business it is from the citizen up to
j govern and rule : and 1 call the citizens the first
: governors, and those who exert power simply
their representatives.
The bill itself is unconstitutional, in my judg-
ment. I have said sufficient upon that subjeet.
| If constitutional, it is unwise ; and ten thousand
things might be said to show its utter want of
wisdom. It exhibits itself to my mind's eye
as simply the result of a great love to express
power, having it in immediate possession, with-
out any regard to its ultimate consequences. It
is making an extra specialty out of a subject-
matter that I thought might have been removed
by this time from the consideration of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives and the
executive department of the United States, and
