1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8385
agricultural products, I should like to be allowed
a short time to discuss it. In fact a year or
two ago it was proposed by the Secretary of
the Treasury to tax tobacco in the leaf, and
that induced me to make a very thorough ex-
amination of this general subject. I do not
wish to interfere with the desire of the Finance
Committee on this subject, and I hope I shall
have the permission of the Senator from Maine
to discuss the subject somewhat.
Mr. FESSEND'EN, I have no power either
to give or to withhold permission. The Sena-
tor must be his own judge.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to im-
pede the progress of the bill. Of coursc I
Know my rights, but I do not desire to interfere
with the speedy passage of the bill because I
am as anxious to get away from here as any
Senator, but I regard this as a most important
question, and I trust I shall be indulged for a
short time in giving the result of my investiga-
tions in regard to it.
The third clause of the second section of the
first article of the Constitution provides that—
_ "Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the several States which may bo in-
cluded withm this Union according to their respective
numbers"—
which shall be determined in a certain manner
therein prescribed. The eighth section of the
same article provides that—
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises', to pay the debts
and provide lor the common defense and general
welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts,
and exciscs shall be uniform throughout the United
States."
In the ninth section of the same article it is
declared that—
"No capitation or direct tax shall be laid unless
in proportion to tho census or enumeration herein-
before directed to be taken."
In the same section it is declared that—
"No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
The tenth section of the same article provides
that—
"No Slate shall without the consent of the Congress
lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports, ex-
cept what mav be absolutely necessary for executing
its inspection laws; and the net produce of all duties
and imposts laid by any State on imports or exports,
shall l)c for the use of the Treasury of tho United
States; and all such laws shall bo subject to the re-
vision and control of the Congress."
In the next clause of the same section it is
said—
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress,
lay any duty of tonnage," &c.
I believe these are all the provisions of the
Constitution in reference to taxation. "When-
ever duties, imposts, and exciscs are laid they
are required to be "uniform throughout the
United States/' If a capitation tax or other
direct tax is laid, it must be li in proportion
to the census or enumeration'1 constituting the
basis of representation in the lower House.
It will be observed that the power is given
"to lay and collect taxes, duties, impo?*ts, and
exciscs," and that only duties, imposts, and
excises are required to be uniform. This re-
quirement does not apply to taxes. In the
first ease decided in the Supreme Court, calling
for an interpretation of these provisions, it was
thought that the Convention purposely omit-
ted taxes from the requirement of uniformity in
order that a tribute or tax might be assessed
and collected which would not fall under the
head of duties, imposts, excises, or direct taxes.
The word " taxes,'' in this connection, is syn-
onymous with the ''capitation, and other direct
taxes1' named in other clauses of the Consti-
tution. Congress, of course, was given power
to lay direc* taxes 5 but if this word only had
been used it m'ght have been well said that no
taxes could be laid at all, except direct taxes,
for such a tax had been already provided for
and a mode fixed for assessing it. An estab-
lished rule of construction would have made
the term equal and caused it to refer to the
same subject-matter in every part of the instru-
ment. The Convention avoided that construc-
tion by proceeding to enumerate the other kinds
of tax which it wished to give Congress the
power to levy. Hence, after taxes follow the
words "duties, customs, and excises." It is
then provided that the last three, to wit, u du-
ties, customs, and excises," shall be uniform.
They did not say that taxes should be uniform,
because it was already provided that taxes, that
is direct taxes, should not be uniform.
If this view be correct, then the words
"duties, imposts, and excises" will cover every
species of taxation within the power of Con-
gress except capitation and other direct taxes.
It is highly impouant, then, to know what was
the true force and meaning of these terms at
the time of the adoption of the Constitution.
We are not told in theinslrumentwhatadirect
tax is, nor what a duty, impost, or excise is.
To ascertain what is meant by those words we
must look to the English law, the terms of
which were used throughout the Constitution,
and with which our ancestors were familiar.
We must look to the same source for their mean-
ing as for the meaning of bills of attainder, e.r
post facto laws, or writs of habeas corpus. Mr.
Madison, commenting 011 these very clauses,
said:
"It may bethought that the Constitution might
easily have been made more explicit and preciso in
its meaning. But the same remark might bo mado
on so many other parts of the instrument, and, indeed,
on so many parts of every instrument of a complex
character, that if completely obviated it would swell
every paragraph into a page, and every page into a
volume; and. in so doing, have the effect of multi-
plying topics for criticism and controversy."
I propose first to show that a tax on cotton
is within what was known in tho English law
as a direct tax. I hold that agricultural prod-
ucts, in their raw or unmanufactured state,
were only considered as a means of ascertain-
ing the value of land, and, if taxed at all, were
taxed under the head of "land tax" by our
English ancestors, and that this is the same
referred to in our Constitution when it speaks
of a direct tax. liy reference to English his-
tory and English law a clear definition of all
the terms used in connection with this subject
of taxation may be easily obtained:
"The eailicst system of taxation in England was
based on the nature of its land tenures. Every ten-
ant of a knight's foe was bound, if called upon, to
attend the King in his army for foitydavs in every
year. Blackstone says thn personal attendance grew
troublesome, and the tenants found means of com-
pounding for it, by first sending others in their stead,
and in process of time by making a pecuniary satis-
faction to tho Crown in lieu of it.
"This pecuniary satisfaction came afterward to be
levied by regular assessments, at so much for every
knight's fee. This tax wswealled the,setitagc.because
of its* military origin. Now, there were many lands
in the kingdom not held by military title, and it was
thought piopcr that they too should pay taxes Tho
tax was therefore, finally levied on them as upon
the military lands, and this was called hidage, be-
cause it was assessed at so much per bide ot one hun-
dred and twenty acres of plowed land. In process of
time commerce and manufactures brought together
large bodies of people who built up cities ami burghs.
These towns, of course, did not fall subject to the taxes
[ have named, because their lands were neither mili-
tary nor farming lands. The simple idea of justice
suggested that tl..-y also should be taxed, and hence j
eamo what was called the tallage tax. which was j
levied upon them in their corporate limits
"Thc.-c land taxes proved to bo wholly insufficient !(
to cany on the war.? of tho crusades under llcmy If. '
and through the religious zeal of the day he induced
the people to pay him the tenth part in kind ot all
their goods which tax was called the tenths. This
proved too burdensome and wa«rcduccd to a fifteenth.
"During the reigns of Ilichard II and Henry VI
both the land taxes and the fifteenths were aban-
doned and a new system adopted called subsidies
This was a money tax on persons levied in propor-
tion to their wealth, lands being valued according to
their rental or productions and taxed at tour shil-
lings per pound, and goods at two shillings and eight-
pence per pound.
"Dunns the war between Charles and his Parlia-
ment both parties taxed the people. They made no
change in the subjects of taxation, but made their
assessments weekly and monthly, instead of annually.
A very matenal change they made, however, was to
levy a certain amount on each county in proportion
to its wealth in lands and personal property. This
tax was to be levied on the lands and personal estate
according to their value. The lands were valued by
their rental or production. Alter the Restoration,
the old system ot subsidies was entirely abandoned.
Blaekstone says, 'fioin that time forward, we hear
no more of subsidies. But,' he says, ' occasions
assessments (the new mode adopted; were levied as
the national emergencies iequircd.' "
Blackstone, referring to these taxes, book
one, page 312, says:
" These periodical assessments, the subsidies which
preceded them, and the moreancicnt scutago, hidage*
and tallage, were to all intents and purposes a land
tax, and the assessments were sometimes expressly
called so."
He refers to the Journal of the House of
Commons, June 2G, and December 9, 1678.
In 1092 a new valuation of the kingdom was
taken, and so much apportioned to each county,
the amount to be assessed upon the individu-*
als residing in each county, according to the
value of their real and personal estates. This
was what was known in all the acts of Parlia-
ment as the land tax or direct tax.
In 1760 Burns's Justice was publishedin Lon-
don, a work containing a vast fund of informa-
tion in regard to the English law, and defining
with accuracy the duties of public officers. In
volume three, page 17, I find the following
under the head of "land tax:"
"The land tax hath succeeded into the place of
the ancient fifteenths and subsidies, and tho land-tax
acts arc framed in many respects after the manner
of the ancient subsidy acts."
The subsidy, I have shown, was on land
valued by its products, and 011 personal prop*
erty other than agricultural products.
"W? meet with the payment of fifteenths as far
back as tho statute of Magna Charta, in the conclu-
sion of which tho Parliament grant to tho King, for
tho concessions by him therein made, a fifteenth part
of all their movable goods.
"This taxation wasoriginally set upon the several
individuals. Afterward, to wit, in the eighth year
of Edward II f, a. certain sum was rated upon every
town by commissioners appointed in tho Chancery
for that puipose, in liko manner as commissioners
aro now apppinted by tho several land-tax acts for
carrying the said acts into execution, which commis-
sioners rated every town at the fifteenth part of tho
value at that time, and their taxation was recorded
hi tho exchequer; and tho inhabitants rated them-
selves j)roportionably lor their several parts to make
up the general sum upon tho whole township. This
fifteenth amounted to £29,(X)0, or near thcicabouts,
" But as tho necessities of Government multiplied
and the kingdom became more populous, and tho
values of things increased, this fifteenth was insuffi-
cient for the occasions of the public, and thereupon
tho number of the fifteenths was augmented to two
or three fifteenths, which still proving defective,
another and quite different taxation wassuperadded,
namely, tho subsidy, which was an aid to be levied
of every subject of his lands or goods, after tho rate
of four shillings in the pound for lands, and two
shillings and eightpencc for goods. And accordingly
in the ancient subsidy acts there is first a giaiu .il'so
many fifteenths and then tho grant of a subsidy."
The writer proceeds to say that Parlia-
ment, afterward finding these taxes insuffi-
cient, changed the method ; and during the
Long Parliament "certain sums were fixed
upon the several counties, which course of
taxation still continues."
And again, at page 42 of the same volume,
ho gives directions as to how the tax was to be
assessed, and enumerates the articles falling
subject to this land tax. It will be seen that
agricultural productions are not included in
the list. I give -the full list as it appears, to
wit:
"The charge upon real estate shall be as follows:
that the entire sum may be raised, all manors, mes-
suages land* and tenements: all quarries, mines of
coal, tin and lead, copper, mnndiek. iron, and other
mines; iron-mills, furnaces, and other iron-woiks;
salt springs and salt-works; all alum mines and
works; all parks, chases, warrens, woods, under-
woods, coppices; all fishings, tithes, tolls, annuities,
and all other yearly profits, and all hereditaments
whatsoever, shall be charged with as mirth equality
and indilTcrcncc as possible, by a pound rate, to make
up the several sums charged by the acton each county
or place."
Dr. Adam Smith; in his work on the Wealth
of Nations, discusses this subject fully, and
while he denounces a separate tax on agricult-
ural products, shows that 110 such thing then
existed in England. His work was first pub-
lished at the beginning of the American Rev-
olution, in 1776, and the third edition of it in
17JSJ-. After speaking of the two modes of levy-
ing this tax on productions, to wit, in kind and
on the money valuation, he uses these words:
"When, instead either oi a certain poition of the
produce of land or of the price of a certain portion,
a certain sum of money is to be paid in full compen-
sation for all tax or tithe, the tax becomes in this case
exactly of the same nature with the ia^d tax of Eng-
land."
This language seems to settle the question,
but it is equally cleorin Mr. Hume's definition
of this tax in his History of England, and in
other works referred to in those from which I
