K68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1405
generally. The rate of interest has never been
so low as during the war and now with an ade-
quate currency.
4. This bill proposes to intrust unnecessary
and dangerous powers to the Secretary of the
Treasury. I do not doubt or disparage his in-
tegrity, sagacity, or financial skill, but all these
combined do not render it necessary to surren-
der powers which the people, in the exercise
of their judgment, have a right to control.
The financial interests and condition of a
nation should not depend on the judgment of
any one man.
The effect of this uncertainty is already
shown in the following statement from the
New York Mercantile Journal of February 8:
" This bill, which is likely to be adopted by Con-
gress, is sufficiently vngue to excite some uneasiness
m Wall street, where it is regarded as investing the
Secretary of the Treasury with a supplenary power
that will place the market entirely at his disposal.
It is objected, and with considerable reason, that the
usual laws of trade which may bo understood and
anticipated by oidinary sagacity, will be constantly
liable to the disturbing influences of the Tieasury
Department which it is often impossible to foresee.
There is much force in this view, which has undoubt-
edly caused afeelingof apprehension anions capital-
ists. But it should be remembered that the Secretary
of the Treasury must, innoslightdegree. be governed
or controlled by well-known commercial laws, and
as the wants of the Government are generally suffi-
ciently understood, the action of the Treasury De-
partment may bo foreseen or anticipated. There is
something in this view, as the Secretary's policy of
contraction, though not yet formally commenced, is
already being discounted in Wail street. Thegreatest
caution is nowobserved; credits are being restricted;
new obligations and enterprises of almost every kind
are scarcely touched. This course will greatly mod-
ify the force ot the inevitable shock when the con-
traction of the currency really commences, but its
effects already begin to tell seriousb upon legitimate
business operations."
5. The bill proposes in a time of peace what
was unnecessary in war, to send our national
bonds abroad to be held by the capitalists of
Kurope, thereby annually draining the country
of its gold to cripple our resources and render
us subject to a foreign money power.
(>. A. return to specie payment is desirable
just when and only when public and private
interests will be promoted by it. This will not
be rendered practicable by increasing the rates
of interest, and by crippling the industrial pur-
suits of the people, but will be secured by fos-
tering and encouraging them by an adequate
currency and by a proper internal revenue sys-
tem, so framed as not to embarrass, but rather
encourage, productive labor, and by an equi-
table system of duties on foreign imports.
I am greatly obliged to the distinguished
chairman of the Committee of W ays and Means
[Mr. Mouiull] for his kindness in according
to me the privilege of thus briefly stating some
of the objections which seem to me to be well
taken against this bill in the shape in which it
now stands.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following mod-
ification of my amendment, to come in as an
additional section:
All laws or parts of laws which authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to fund or withdraw from cir-
culation any United States legal-tender notes not
bearing interest be and the same are hereby repealed.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to allow me a very few minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. I will do so.
Mr. SPALDING. I am not skilled in the
science of finance; hence I have felt much
embarrassment in coming to a conclusion in
regard to the vote I shall give on the question
now pending. On ordinary occasions 1 should
follow the lead of the distinguished member
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who has
this day made an elaborate argument in oppo-
sition to this measure. But, sir, when I turn
to that gentleman I cannot forget that in the
last Congress he led me into an ignis fatuus
chase after the traffickers in gold, and I assisted
him in the passage of a bill which remained
in force about three days, I believe, during
which time gold went up faster than at any
time previous, so that we were forced to retrace
our steps and repeal the bill, when gold began
to come down again.
J\'ow, that short experience admonishes mo
not to be too confident in following the finan-
cial recommendations of the member from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and I have
concluded, therefore, to make my own limited
experience available for this emergency. I
have concluded to give my vote in favor of the
passage of this bill.
I cannot mistake two prominent facts. At
the breaking out of the late rebellion the cir-
culating medium of the United States was
somewhere about $200,000,000; now, sir, it is
more than three times as much. At the low-
est estimate it is $750,000,000.
Now, sir, do we not all realize the fact that
the price of living has materially increased
during the last four or five years ? Is it not a
fact that a man who has now a fixed income,
say of $2,500 a year, finds it difficult to make
both ends meet, whereas when we had a specie-
paying currency a man with that income was
enabled to live in a somewhat genteel style.
I feel as if it is an established fact that our
currency, at this time, is redundant. Why it
is so has been very well explained by gentle-
men who have spoken on the subject. Our
object is, or ought to be, to come back as
speedily as possible to a specie basis, having
due regard to the business relations of the coun-
try. 1 undertake to say that at this time we
are laboring somewhat under a strain upon our
Constitution when we hold that four hundred
and fifty million paper dollars shall be treated
as legal tenders in payment of debts. If it had
not been for the perils of the rebellion from
which we have recently emerged, what man in
this House, having any pretension to the name
of a constitutional lawyer, would have admit-
ted that under our Constitution this paper cur-
rency could have been made a legal tendor in
place of gold and silver?
But, sir, in this, as in many other things, we
were very liberal in construing the Constitution
in consequence of the pressure of the rebellion,
and for no other reason in the world.
I say that we must, speedily correct this evil,
and do away with this paper legal tender, if we
would preserve the principles of our Constitu-
tion as handed down to us by the fathers. And
1 say further, that this redundant currency has
engendered in the land a spirit of mad specu-
lation that has not only deranged business in
all its relations, but is demoralizing society
itself.
Now, sir, this policy of the Secretary of the
Treasury is no novel idea thrown before the
country. It was first indicated in his speech
made in Indiana last summer. That speech I
think was received with general approbation
throughout the country. It was indicated more
pointedly by his report to this Congress, and
then the House of Representatives early in the
session responded in accordance with the views
and wishes of the people and said the Secretary
should receive our support Support him in
what? In the very policy indicated by the very
bill now under consideration.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that high prices in the
country, the expenses of living to the masses of
the people, arc greatly enhanced, fourfold, in
consequence of this redundant currency, which
gentlemen arc now seeking to keep up, and
many of the gentlemen with whom I have con-
versed to-day differ with me so diametrically in
this whole matter, that methinks they would
gladly add some thousand millions to the cir-
culation if they had the power at this moment.
They could do that with as much propriety as
to claim that $450,000,000 has no effect upon
the prices of living in this country.
I am satisfied that the policy of the Secretary
of the Treasury, if supported by Congress, will
apply a speedy corrective to the evils I thus
cursorily enumerate.
Believing this, and feeling that we must repose
confidence somewhere, and, if so, that no more
trustworthy man can be found than the present
able head of the Treasury, I am disposed to
give up the doubts which have, to some extent,
held me back, and to vote for the bill. In the
issue of new bonds I shall be glad if a rate of
interest can be allowed that will enable us to
concede to the Stale and municipal authori-
ties the right of taxation ; but of that I leave
the Committee of Ways and Means to judge.
I will vote for the bill.
Mr. MQKRILL. I do not know but I better
call the previous question before I make the
remarks I desire to make.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morbiij.] has thirty-five minutes
of his hour remaining. He can call the pre-
vious question, and if it is seconded, he can
then make his remarks.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I call the previous
question on the bill and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded.,
Mr. PIKE, I submitted an amendmentthis
morning, or had one read, which I desire to
have a chance to offer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the
gentleman from Maine that hjs amendment
could not be received in the form in which he
proposed it. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] was to
strike out a certain part of the bill. The
amendment of the gentleman from Maine was
to add certain words to the bill, and was not
in order.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the House will not sec-
ond the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been already seconded. The question is now,
Shall the main question be put? npon which
the gentleman from Maine can call a divisioa
if he desires it.
Mr. PIKE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the pfevious question was seconded.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker,perhaps there
has been and there may not be any more impor-
tant measure before this Congress than the one
now under consideration. When the Secretary
of the Treasury, at the commencement of this
session, announced his purpose not only to
prepare at once for paying off the public debt,
but to retire in due time the immense amount
of legal tenders afloat, it made the country-
proud of our financial condition, electrified our
friends abroad, and astonished our enemies._ It
awakened Europe to the American idea of doing
things—that is to say, of doing great things in
the. shortest time—not to wait for the slow
action of centuries before the nation can be
relieved of public debt and the miseries of an
exclusively paper currency.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] in the course of the debate this after-
noon undertook tojnform the House that it'
was the purpose of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to retire, as I understood him to say,
$200,000,000 of the legal-tender currency an-
nually. That statement was calculated to very
much mislead the House. I propose to read
exactly what the plan of the Secretary of the
Treasury was on the 1st of December and what
it is to-day. 1 read from his annual report:
"If the business of the country rested upon a stable
basis, or if credits could be kept, from being still fur-
thcr increased, there would be lesioccasion for soli-
citude on this subject. But such is Bot the fact. Bus-
iness is not in a healthy condition ; it is speculative,
feverish, uncertain. Every day that contraction is
deferred increase* the difficulty of preventing a finan-
cial collapse. Prices and credits will not remain a3
they are. The tide will either recede or .advance:
and it will not recede without the exercise of the
controlling power of Congress."
The Secretary then states the foil owing prop-
ositions as the substance of his policy:
"1. That Congress declare that the compound-
interest notes shall cease to be a legal tender from
the day of their maturity. . . ,.
"2. That the Secretary be authorized, m his discre-
tion, to sell bonds of the United States, bearing inter-
est at a rate not exceeding six per cent., and redeem-
able and payable at such periods as maybe conducive
to the interests of the country for the purpose of
retiring not only compound-interest notes, but the
United States notes."
And this policy so earnestly recommended
by the Secretary is embodied in our bill now
before the House.
The Secretary goes on to say:
"It is the opinion of the Secretary, as has been
already stated, thatthe process of contraction cannot
be injuriously rapid, and that it will not be necessary
