1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
left to local administration and to the judiciary.
Since the time 1 first had the honSr to occupy
a place in congressional halls (and that is a
great many %'ears ago) this same subject, orsomo
of its adjuncts, has occupied all the time of
legislation, or nearly all the time. It has been
hardly possible to have any great question of
policy heard or considered cither in the Sen-
ate or House of liepresentatives of the United
States. No matter how grave the questions
Eressing upon us, all except the appropriation
ill hail to give way to this mania tnat has
seemed to pervade a party as well as individuals.
A singular question was asked by one of the
wise bishops of England: may not commu-
nities he insane? He who was thus interro-
gated inquired in his own thought and consid-
ered the question, and was net able to givr a
good response; but the wise bishop said, ''If
history writes true, communities eanbe insane'
and so I say parties may be insane; and on
this particular subject, if there can be any de-
duction from past, history and the laws that gov-
ern States, the laws that govern peoples, from
the family up into nations, all this proceeding
has been right against the course and law of
nature and all past human experience. Those
who call themselves the Moseses and the lead-
ers of the African race in this country, if they
eould be interpreted well, not by their inten-
tions, but by what will be the necessary results
of their action, would seem to have leagued to-
gether to be their worst enemies.
This legislation specially for the negro race
against those who owned all these broad lands,
in favor of them as against our own people, the
white men who labor, the effort to make a priv-
ileged class of what are called the freedmen,
must really lend to their destruction. It will
be worse for them than the policy we have pur-
sued as against the Indian tribes has been to
the red man. Within my own cxpeiience 1
have seen a tribe of twenty-five thousand dwin-
dle to two hundred and fifty, and I suppose
there are not five of them left to-day. This has
been the result of the oppression and the ad-
vance of the white man : but worse than the
oppression and the advance of the white man
upon the Indian is this legislation, which seeks
to elevate the negro, but only lifts him up that
he may fall so profoundly that he will sink into
the nether depths.
I claim for myself to be as true a friend of
the people of African descent or of mingled
blood as any man upon this floor—T think a
better friend than the gentlemen from New
England who know nothing of them. I would
protect them not. by over-legislating. Let them
know that they have the shield of the Consti-
tution and the laws of Congress, if you please,
all of them in their favor to protect them. It
is protection by law that makes a freeman or a
freedman. All the boy of twenty has is pro-
tection, and all our wives and daughters have
is protection. They do not make laws. Gov-
ernment establishes rules, and it has always
been considered that the wisest element should
be brought into government; and those who
have written and the ught about it from Plato
down have always said that the wisest element
should be brought into public affairs for the
purpose of securing good government.
N ow, the only proper condition of the freed-
man is that ho shall be subject to government,
the same government that controls me, the
same government that controls every Senator
and every white man in the United States ; and
to that government he is bound to yield proper
support. There were a great many men in the
ancient times, and in what were called repub-
lics, who could not cast their votes at elections,
and had nothing immediately to do with the
affairs of Government. I remember but one
republic throughout all history whcie the peo-
ple met together: and not all the people then,
but only a class. Vfhen the wild democracy of
Athens met and cast their votes, all of them did
not vote. Government, it has always been sup
posed, should be in the hands of the best and
the wisest. It is thought by good thinkers that
since the time of our fathers, when all the-peo-
39th Coxa. 1st Bess.—No. 26.
|| pie probably were fit to be citizens, we have
! | become greatly demoralized by introducing im-
ij proper elements to act upon the laws in the
i; local and State governments as well as in the
ij Federal Government; and the question has
often been asked, are wc not getting almost as
unlit for free government as those in France,
who undertook to maintain a free Government
among the French people? No one pretends
that the negro population have the education
or the information that belongs to the white
race. They have not had the opportunity, to
say nothing of their possibilities, of which I
may take occasion to speak hereafter. Every-
thing that is proposed to bo done is inviting them
to think that they are not only quite as good
as, but a little baler than, we with whom they
have commingled, or with whom they have
lived, belonging to the white races. It is ex-
hibiting itself everywhere in demonstration. All
these things tend in the same way.
Now the issue has come. If we arc to allow
an inferior population to encage in the highest
office of the Government, debasing further the
standard of the metal which is debased enough
already, God knows. lelus understand the issue.
I know, for one. that nothing but red and white
blood courses through my veins. 1 believe in
the Pelasgians, who drove the Egyptians out
of Greece, and the Hyperboreans, who became
the demigods of that same country, from whom
Theseus and llercales are supposed to have
descended, white-haired, great, godlike look-
ing men. I believe something in that Scandi-
navian race that came from the frozen North,
swept the shores of Europe, and settled them-
selves on the most beautiful islands of the great
sea. I believe sometliingin the Saxon and the
Gelt. But the Numidian, proud and noble as
he is said to have been, and the Carthaginian,
not of northern, but of high eastern blood, went
down, and so did India, and so did the East,
and so did Italy, even bcfoie the northern bar-
barians. There is a law of force and Iheie is
a law of truth. Who that, calls himself of the
old Norse ancestry would dare bow himself
before those who come up out of central Af-
rica. and acknowledge them as having to do
with government? What, sir, they to govern
me! God forefend!
Mr. President, we, might as well meet this
question now, because it is proposed at the pres-
ent time that this district of country iu which
our capital is located shall be governed by the
African. Under the legislation now proposed,
you may in a short time see the people who in-
habit the city of \\ ashingtou and the Senators
and Representatives of the people of the United
States the subjects of those who have come out
of slavery within perhaps two or three years,
but who are now to enjoy the elective franchise
and carry on government in the District of
Golnmbia. Theotherlfouse. I understand, has
already passed a bill with thai view, carrying
out the idea of making an inferior lace a gov-
erning power in this Republic, thus deprhing
us of the very clement out of which we all grow,
the soil out of which we are able to produce
advised persons, informed men, citizens of a
Republic claiming to be aide to exercise that,
highest, power, to govern ourselves through the
voice of the people. We are the only people
that ever achieved success in this. Our motto
should be impro\ orient and not demoralization.
All these things lend to demoralization, and it
may as well lie understood now, that never,
while I am able to express mvself either by word
or action, will T commit, the great legacy of our
fathers, our Constitution, our system of govern-
ment. to any who are inferior to the properly
understood white races. This bill undertakes
to make the negro in some respects their supe-
rior, as I have said, and gives them favors that
the poor white boy in the North cannot get:
gh es them fa\ ors which we never offered to the
Indian, whom I hold lo be a nobler and far su-
perior race. It makes us their voluntary guard-
ians to see, in the first place, that they have the
opportunity to work, and then their guardians
to see thatthov got paid and that limy are taken
care of, and then we are to take care of them
ourselves. I never had anybody to do that for
me, even when 1 was quite a young lad; and
from that time until now it has been my office
to protect myself; to earn wdiat I could for my
own support. This bill confers on the negro
race favors that have not been extended to many
men onthis floor within my own personal knowl-
edge.
I say these things because I desire Senators
to give their attention to the whole subject which
they have now got upon their shoulders. Her-
cules multiplied by the majority of the Senate
could not carry these propositions and this
policythroughlo any considerable orto anyulti-
mate success. It isnot within the powerof man
to do it, for the question is governed by those
relationsthat govern mankind. That these men
are free, J am rejoiced. I have been as great
a lover of liberty, and of liberty for their race,
as any man who dares call himself its champion,
whether he comes from the North or the East,
or elsewhere. I understand, at the same time,
that we have to maintain our individuality as a
race, and we have to employ this inferior race
in their proper place. According to the views
of many, we should be better off if they did not
inhabit any part of this land, better off, if the
idea could be realized, if they were placed any-
where else where they might not come in eon-
tact with theprogress ofwhite civilization. They
cannot aid it; they cannot promote it.
The African has ability in a certain way. If
he is a genuine African, he is strong of body;
like the Indian, quick of sight; like the mon-
key—I speak not offensively—he has great imi-
tative powers; like birds, he is fond of music ;
he can be an orator by his command of lan-
guage, and he can imitate the best orators. I
have seen in the sacred desk what were called
eloquent clergymen, full Africans. They are
capable of discoursing what would bo called
more eloquently than can be discoursed by any
gentleman whom 1 now see on this floor, my-
self of course included. The finest musician
1 ever heard iu a wild way I think was an old
negro wdio was called General Jackson, when I
was a boy. They understand music, and there-
fore they are able to understand some of the
arts. But as a race you can give me no illus-
tration , from Fred. Douglass all the way through
the category, of a single individual of them whp
is or was a grave, careful, considerate, and high
reasoning man. None of them ever gave a
thought to philosophy; none of them ever stud-
ied, beyond the mere matter of management,
anylhingaboutgovernment; none of them have
achieved success in any field where belongs
high intellectuality. These are things that I
aflirm and dare affirm, because no part of liis-
torv furnishes any contradiction to wdiat 1 say.
Some gentlemen who do notknowmuchabout
these things think they are mere matters of
party question to be resolved by a.caucus; and
here let me say that until recently such things
as caucuses by the majority for the purpose of
carrying measures hav e not been known to tlxc
Federal Congress. The system js_ the growth
of the la^t and the present Administration, iu
this House at least, and 1 suppose in the other
House also. Now we do not come here to
deliberate carefully, to counsel each other as
1 o what is best to bo done for the Republic, but
we come, here to organize into cliques, to get
men committed to a majority to pass things
without consultation with others, thinking that
the opposition to the majority may not have a
spark of wisdom. They have forgotten a lit tie
that text which I think was delivered by King
Solomon, and he intmded it for just such an
occasion as this: " Iron sharpenetbiron ; so a
man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend;''
and so it may be said that a man sharpeneth.
the countenance of his adversary, intellectually.
It is very possible for me to bo instructed by
any one of the gentlemen on this floor. 1 was
once instructed by a man who did not know
how to read or wiite. The sjstem of reducing
the action of the Senate to that which is agreed
upon by party caucuses is a thing I say unknown
until the period of the last and the present Ad-
ministration, within mv knowledge of public
