402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
affairs. Heretofore men in these high places
■would counsel with each other and talk with
each other, but that it should be resolved that 011
all public measures the majority should act to-
gether is a new thing in the Federal Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my colleague permit
me a word? I desiro to say, as the impression
appears to be being made here, and it will go
out to the country—it has been repeated by
other Senators, I think, than my colleague,
that  
Mr. McDOUGALL. I beg pardon. If my
colleague wants to say something on this sub-
ject, he can reserve his remarks until 1 have
finished mine, and then it will be perfectly
proper for him to do so.
Mr. CONNESS. If my colleague will listen
to what I mean to say, I think he will be en-
tirely satisfied with the interiuption.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well.
Mr. CONNKSS. I desire to say that there
has been no caucus of the majority on these
measures.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then my remark does
not apply to this particular question. A caucus
has been held on many questions, to my knowl-
edge. It may not hare been, so far as this is
concerned. It is understood by gentlemen who
represent, opinions in common with me that we
can only present our views; that so far as im-
mediate legislation is concerned, they will be
inconsequent; and yet it is well that it should
be understood (hat theic are persons who do
not exactly agree willi (lie majority, and who
think (hat they are doing unwise things, and
thai- they are not building up our great edifice,
not addinga stone toil, 1ml even perhaps going
to the extent of making its pillars tremble.
It is witli the profound conviction (hat this
Struggle has conn: on, and that it is going In he
maintained by uninformed men, that I nun od 1 he
amendment thai. [ have proposed, leaving the
matl or where 1 think it belr-irs, not to legisla-
tion, which can only lie general in 'J.: character,
but.lo administration, which can take charge of
it wherever the occasion may occur. That is
wiser and beticr legislation, J think, and it is
not obnoxious to any constitutional objection.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted —yeas M, nayso2; as follows:
YKAS — Ai 1 Ituckalew, TJ>u\is, (lufhno,
nenilni'Ls, McDou^nii, Sauisburv, vStoi/ktim. ami
Wriaht~s.
N A — M e*- r*. f'!i:iii{l!ri, C!;ir"N, Connor, Ci ;e.'in,
ri'CfWoll, IlKon. DeellUle. ('Y^elnll'll, EmMCI', Il.ll'li-,
lieinleisnn, n.iH'.U'cl, I!owe, I,:01c n! [mlninn, L:ine
of K;)te;t s Wur..;.U!, .Mous!!, Nurioii, A'\ I )o!ncre>,
Itamsrv, She 1 man, Hpriunii', Slew art, Wanmel, Trum-
bull. V:ui Winkle, \V";nk', Wnley, tVillhuus, Wil.^ua,
ami Y;u<'-—
ABSKXT ~\t"-<r-. Anthony, Tii-own, Cowan, Font,
(rritiuv, ,fohiisou, iviikwooil, Mesiuith. Polaml, ami
liidiitc—to.
So tin; amendment, was rejected.
'1 he D HJ'jSl 1) hiMT pro tem}>ore. J f no t'urther
amemhuen! Ite proposed, the t|ueslion will he
on ordciiag the lull to be engrossed for a third
rea<iiiig.
Mr. DAVIS. i infem! (o be heard on (his
bill. I would as soon speak on i!s passage as
011 its third reading. 1 am v illing, ihorelbre, lo
have the queslion falcon on ordering tin1 bill jo
a third reading, and I will make my remarks
immedinlcly aliei ward.
The fail was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
The PIMvSfDKXT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SAULSBUftY. 1 f 1 he Senator will give
way 1 wish lo sav (hat I think it would he un-
just to compel (he Senator from Kentucky to
go 011 with his remarks to-night. J therefore
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I would as soon go on to-night
as at any lime hereafter. Go 011!"] j sup-
pose gentlemen do not want to extend me the,
eouitesv ot an adjoinuuient. and 1 will not a.sk
them tor it.
Mr. i IKXDKICKS. Tt no{ altogether a
que -i 1 oo of courtesy to the Senator fiom Ken-
tucky, (hough 1 suppose we all desire to extend
to Inm that i.'oiirrcvy, but it is somewhat g, oucs~
tion of comfort to ourselves. I understand that
the Senator intends to make an elaborate ar-
gument on the bill, which we shall all bo very
happy to hoar, and it will be more comfortable
for us to have him make it to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President   _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to adjourn, and debate 011 the question, ex-
cept by common consent, is not in order.
Mr. Til UA1 BULL. I was only about to say
that we have wasted the whole afternoon nearly
in calling the yeas and naysand offering amend-
ments, andtheSenatorfrom Kentucky has given
notice that he is going to make a speech. I
think we may as well hear it to-night. He says
he is ready to go 011; he asks 110 courtesy of the
Senate; he does not ask an adjournment j he is
as ready to proceed to-night as he will be at any
time ; and 1 hope the Senate will consent to sit
and hear him to-night.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want to ask Ihe
chairman of the committee if he means to call
for a vole this evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall have a
vote this evening.
Mr. McDOUGALL. You seekavoto?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Air. President, I lull proceed
to make such observations on this bill as I de-
sign to do ; and if the Senate will not adjourn
L hope, they will not make so much noise that
1 cannot, hear myself, j Laughter.J
The I'KiiS! DlLNT;>;'o tempore. The Chair
will endeavor (o enforce order in (he Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not care v,I10 hears me
or who does uol hear me; all I want, is to be
able lo hear imself. [Laughter, j
Mr. President, 1 do feel a peculiar and a deep
inlerest, in this measure. My opposition lo it 1
eannol speak. I well 1 had the power to L;i\e
utterance lo the f( elmg of oppo-ii ion that I c n-
teilaiu toward (his measure. It. is a measure
intended lo continue a military de.-pothm. es-
pecially in ihe State of Kentucky. It is a meas-
ure intended utterly to abrogate her laws where
ever they do not come up to the standard 
The Uli.KSl DRNT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will suspend his remarks for a moment
until order is restored in the Senate.
.Mr. 1IE\ DEKSOX. Mr. President 
rl hi1 PKES1 DI'LX f tempore. Does the
Senulor from Kentucky give way to the Senator
from Missouri?
Mr. DAVIS. Gerlainly.
Mr. 11 EX 1) E USOiX. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky v\ til give v\ ay in order that I may move
an adjournment. ("Oh, no!"]
The PKKSIDEXT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri has the door by the consent
of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 am very well aware
lliat the Senator fiom Kentucky (iocs nut de-
siieto speak thus e\« ninu;, and I underhand
(hero is to be no further debate. Tie desires to
speak, and I hmc it from himself thai lie ex-
peefs to make a two horns' i-peech. J do not
feel under obligation to remain here after fi\e
o clock in the evening. It is the longse^ion ;
we can remain Ium e next summer; it will be no
additional eoM ! o ihe (!o \ eminent : ami I do not
see thai Senators onphl to be required to re-
main here alter live o'clock in the afternoon.
J am satisfied that there will be no further dis-
cussion from what L can understand. Let the
Senator make his speech to-morrow, and let us
then take the vote : and with that understand-
ing T now move an adjournment.
Mr. TK UMBULL. J. hope we shall not
adjourn.
Mr. IIKXTjKIiSOX. I hope wc shall.
Mr. AN I . ] f i micrlil be allowed to
make n sua!ifvtien by common consent 
The lMiKSl !>KXr pro tchipore. Debate is
not in order except by common consent; the
motion is to adjourn. ["Con-cut."]
Mr. AN ! HON \ . I that there should
be a general undoiriandiuu that the vute >hall
betaken at some pa:tit.ui.tr hour to-moirow.
If that. can be the general understanding, I
think the Senate would prefer to hear the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to-morrow ; but if there is
to be further debate after this, I think we had
better sit ommnd have it now, ' An understand-
ing such as I suggest has been had repeatedly
in the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
The PKESiDEX x1 pro ieinpoi'e. l>vcommon
consent the Chair wilt hear the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have spoken to several
gentlemen on this side of the Ilall. and I think
there is no disposition to continue the debate in
opposition to the bill after the speech of the
Senator from Kentucky. Whether there will
be fuither debate on the part of the friends of
the measure, of course I cannot say.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate will allow me, 1
will say that I do not intend to speak for the
consumption of time. I do not oppose the bill
because of any factious purpose. I oppose it
because of my deep and truthful eomietion
that it ii intended to overthrow (he liberties of
my own State: and being of that opinion, I
should he false to myself and false to my State
it 1 did not, give utteiance to my sentiments of
opposition to the measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. 'IEUMBULL. task for the yeas and navs,.
The \eas and nays were ordered and taken.
Mr. llEXDUR'KS. Uelore the result is
announced 1 "wish to suggest that I think ar\
understanding* can be had' which will be satis-
factory upon all sides, that the vote shall bo
taken say at three o'clock to-morrow. That
will &ive the Senator from Kentucky, I pre
snaie, as much time as he will desire.
jVLr. MeDOU(iALU I object to any such
.nian^enu'nt.
Mr. HENDRICKS. J understand ihut the
Senator fiom California docs not com-cnt to it,
and therefore 1 cannot propose it a-; a harmo-
nious thin^, and 1 "withdraw any sug^e^tion
about it.
rj he result of the vote was announced to be—*
yeas 11, nays 2'2 : as follows :
Y R*\S—"Biu'kiili'w, Davis, Foster, Outhrie,
KcihU'inob, Hendricks, McDoucrni], Norton, Rid-
dle. tiiiuNbiuy, Sherman, Spr.isuo, Stcukton, mid
Vfi iyht~l {.
jStAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ncs-, Ci avail, Ci o^well, Dixoa, Fe-^endon, Hams
Ii.ow.nd. Howe, Kirkweod, Lane ol indiaua. aMor-
ii ,m, M in nl!, Nm1, Posii'tox . Si cwiii f, Sunnn-r, Tru'n-
liuil, Wndo, nnd Wilson—L'J.
^ A IjSI-IXT— Mes.-rs. Brown, Cowan, DooliUle, Font,
(Crimes, Johnson^ J.iinc of Kant-us Xo.-mith, Poland,
Raatbcy, ^ an AVinkle, "Wiliey, Williams, and Yates
So the Senate refu>od to adjourn.
Mr. DAYJS. 1 sulunit my>e!f with as much
pjrace us 1 can to the judgment of the Senate,
and will proceed to make my remarks. I opposo
the past>iu;e of tliih ?neasnic:
1 irst, because a majoiiiy of the S^u^te ex-
clude Senators from eleven States from their
seats tor the purpose r f securing the passage of
this and other measures:
Second, the measure is unconstitutional, bo-
eause it prop<>-"s to invest the FreedmenV Bu-
reau with judicial powers: because it a uiiioriws4
the Preisidoni to jwsiun Anny otiieeisto the ex-
ercise of those judicial powers: because it breaks
down the partition of the powers of the Govern-
ment made bv the Con^titui ion, and blends and
concentrates in the same IuurU executive and
judicial powers: and bccanse it deprives the
chiVen oi hi-; ri^ht to trial by jury in cml cases.
Third. it _on^iit not io j>ass because it is a
scheme devised to praclice injustice and oppres-
sion upon the white people of the late slave-
holding State.-, lor the benefit of the fi ee negroes,
to engender strife and conflict between the two
races, and to prostitute the powers of rhc (Gov-
ernment for ihe impoverishment and degrada-
tion (d* tlie white race and the enrichment and
exaltation of the negro race.
Fourth, it will produce a orofli^ate. wasie-
ful. and uunece.-sai\ expenditaie of the i^ublic
money.
Fifth, it is one of the bold, reckless, and un-
constitutional system of measures devi sed by the
radical party to enable it to hold on to power
and office.
