2426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
sponsible for rejecting this proposition, con-
ceded to be right in itself, but he is responsible
to whatever consequences follow to this branch
of the public service.
But the Senator from Ohio insists that it is
not necessary. He says there is no necessity
for it now; it is entirely within our power to do
this thing; it will be justified if the President
should assume to make removals for insuffi-
cient or unworthy reasons. But, the Senator
says, that time has not come; wait; do not
inaugurate the war ; pass your regular appro-
priation bills; when another session shall have
convened, if you find the President has exer-
cised this power, then put on the checks. Is
that sound advice to give to the Legislature?
It is assumed here on the part of some that in
the recess of the Senate the President may
remove every officer employed in the public
service, the term of whose office is not fixed
by the Constitution. If there be daflger that
he will exorcise this powerfor partisan or polit-
ical purposes, the time will not come, perhaps,
until Congress .shall have adjourned; and the
occasion will have passed before the next ses-
sion will convene. The Senator says, do not
anticipate any such thing; wait, try him, and
when you convene again if you find he has done
it, then provide the remedy. When the wolf
is in the yard, be sure you shutthegate! Well,
I am not anticipating any maladministration on
the part of the President; but I find a certain
power elaimed here to make these removals,
with or without cause, for any reason that pleases
the President; 1 deny that such power is given
to the President by the Constitution ; I insist
that the Legislature should not recognize any
such power; but because I find it insisted upon
here, and by some assuming to speak in the
name of the President, I am led to fear that
the power may be exerted, and if exerted it
will be exerted during the very next vacation
of this body; and when you come together
again the occasion for its exercise will have
passed; officers of the obnoxious kind will all
have been removed from their places and those
places will be filled with officers of the right
kind, approved by the President himself. When
that is the case, says the Senator from Ohio,
then put on the brakes, to use a form of ex-
pression I get from the President himself. When
lie gets all these offices filled with just such men
as he likes, then pass an act of Congress
which will prevent him fromlaaking a removal
■without the consent of the Senate! It strikes
me that that would be a little late in the season
to plant with any certainty of a valuable crop.
But these were not the only objections urged
by the Senator from Ohio; they were the objec-
tions that I regretted to hear the most, for I
do not like to have such considerations ad-
dressed to a legislative body ever. I like to
have their judgments, their reasons, their con-
victions appealed to ; their fears never. There
was another objection. He argues that by the
adoption of this amendment we restrict the
power of the President to make removals. I
think so: it is the very purpose. But if we
restrict him in the exercise of that power, says
the Senator, we may put it out of his power to
remove a civilian who has been in office from
the beginning of the war and to put in his place
a poor soldier who has been crippled in the '
■war; and will you not leave him that power?
No, Mr. President; I think we had better not
under existing circumstances leave him that
power. I take it that all the occasion of the
exercise of that power that will exist for a good
many years exists now. I thank my God that
we are enabled to reflect at last that our sol-
diers are done being crippled. All the crip-
ples that are to be made in the progress of this
rebellion are now made and are to be provided
for; here is the tribunal, the President and the
Senate together, that can make provision for
them; and I shall not concede, either upon the
suggestion of the Senator from Ohio or upon
the suggestion of any other member of the
Senate, that the President is more' willing to
take eare of these crippled soldiers than we
are. There are numerous cases of the kind
thatwait'to be provided for. I will not encour-
age the President to postpone that act of jus-
tice until this Congress shall have adjourned,
and then do it upon his own private account.
Let him do it now, because now justice waits
to be done ; let him send here the names of
these crippled soldiers and let us pass upon
the ease. .We can cooperate now, we are here
to cooperate with him both in the act of
removal and in the act of appointment.
The Senator admits, and I believe all who
have spoken in opposition to this amendment
concede to-day, that the power is in the Legis-
lature to fix the terms of all these officers and
to take from the President the right, if he has
it, as I think by the statute he has, not by the
Constitution, to remove any of these officers.
We can, it is said, take that from him; and
they say, why not do it? This is an indirect
method of accomplishing the purpose, and the
Senator from Ohio says it does not accomplish
it after all. What is our purpose? To restrict
the exercise of this power of removal. Do it
then directly, they say, by act of Congress, and
declare that the President shall not make these
removals. Sir, that is only one way to do it.
Is it a better way than this ? That is the exer-
cise of a greater power than this is. This does
not say in terms, "You shall not remove at all,"
but it says that if you do remove without cause
the officer whom you select to succeed shall
not be paid. They tell us we may prohibit him
from removing at all, but it is very hard to say
when he has removed and a man has been
appointed, that man shall not be paid. Hard?-
Why? Upon whom is it hard? It is not hard
upon the incumbent particularly. It is not any
harder than the existing law, under which the
President can remove him or does remove
whenever he pleases. It is harder -upon the
incumbent of the office, to be sure, than would
be a law which said he should not be removed
at all; but that we do not choose to say; we
want to reserve the power somewhere to re-
move for cause; but is it hard upon the ap-
pointee? Yes, it does seem to be rather hard
upon a poor, ambitious aspirant for a post
office to say that after he is put into it and dis-
charges the duties of it he shall not be paid;
but recollect that is no harder upon the aspir-
ant for the post office than it is to say to the
President, as they suggest to us to say, " You
shall not makefile removal; therefore you shall
not make the vacancy; and therefore you shall
not make the appointment," for if we say that,
as they urge us to say it, ccrtainly the vacancy
cannot be made, and certainly the aspirant
cannot be gratified. But, says my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] in an "aside," in the
one ease the man would hold the office, in the
other case he would not. True as holy writ;
but by whose fault or connivance does he hold
the office? By the connivance of the Legis-
lature? ours? The law does-not compel
him to take the office. He sees fit to take it
with the deliberate notice placed upon your
statute that he cannot be paid if he sees fit to
take office under those circumstances. He
acts with his eyes open, and he acts volunta-
rily; there is no sort of duress or constraint
laid upon him. Of what shall he complain?
Whv shall he complain ?
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
seems to think we are anticipating, reach-
ing out for, seizing a weapon to strike before
it legitimately comes to us. He does not like
this amendment. Why? Not because we
have not the power to pass it, not because it
is not right in itself, not because he would
avoid a collision with the President, but lie
has not got ready to enter into a struggle with
the President, because he -fioes not precisely
know whether he can stand by Congi-ess or
not. He waits to know what is the policy of
Congress. Until he knows whether he is on
the side of Congress he does not like to make
up an issue with the President. Until, in
other words, he can see and understand pre-
cisely how he will relish the service of the Al-
mighty he does not like to desert—no, I believe
it would not be proper to go on with that sen-
tence, I will omit the rest of it; until he un-
derstands clearly that he will relish the service
of Congress, he does not like to step out of
the service of the President.
I do not know but that I am prepared to
commend such prudence as that; and I can-
not really relieve the Senator from his diffi-
culty. I do not know what is the policy of
Congress. I am struggling here to find out,
to develop, the policy of Congress. I trust in
the name of the Almighty and of the people
and of the Constitution that a part of the
policy of Congress is to adopt this amend-
ment; and if my friend from Nevada approves
it, I ask his assent to it. If he does not ap-
prove it, then I think he ought to vote against
it. But I ask him to lay aside now and for-
ever the idea that he is inaugurating a fight
with the President of the United States when
he simply sits here like a Senator and gives
to his country the benefit of such judgment
as he has upon any and every question that
may be laid before liim. That is the idea that
I want to see started. It has lingered about
these Halls a great deal too long, and it is be-
cause it has lingered hero so long that it makes
the adoption of just such an amendment as
this so very necessary.
I have spoken so far, Mr. President—and I
have spoken longer than I intended to do—
from the stand-point presented on the other
side, conceding that the amendment was right
in itself and entirely within our discretion. Is
there any doubt about it? I understand the
Senator from Maryland concedes ii to-day. I
said the other day, and I repeat again, that
whoever doubts or denies our right or our
power to incorporate this amendment upon
this bill ought to vote against it, and whoever
doubts or denies the power of Congress to re-
strict the right of removal and to fix the tenure
of these offices, I think ought to vote against
the adoption of this amendment, for I concede
now, as I conceded then, that if the Constitu-
tion confers upon the President of the United
States the power to remove these officers, that
is a power which he may exercise in defiance
of us, and when he has exerted it in any case
he has made a vacancy, and when he has made
a vacancy he has not merely clothed himself
with the right, but he has charged himself with
the duty under the Constitution of seeing that
vacancy filled. It turns, then, upon our right
to restrict this power of removal. I shall not
detain the Senate with any argument upon that
point; to-day I do not understand it to be con-
troverted ; and I have only one single remark
to make upon that head. As I read the Con-
stitution, I must say that if the President has
the right under the Constitution, and inde-
pendent of statute law, to remove a postmaster
at pleasure and for political reasons, he has
the right to remove a judge of the Supreme
Court. If he has a right.to remove one of
these civil officers, he has the right to remove
every civil officer. I mean if he has it under
the Constitution. But you tell me that the
Constitution expressly fixes the terms of the
judges, limits them to good behavior. Yes, I
admit it. If you see fit to fix the term of a
postmaster at four years or ten years, or during
good behavior, the two cases are put upon a
footing so far as the law is concerned. It
being conceded that we have the right to fix
the, tenure of these offices, when we have done
it it is just as much a law as the Constitution,
for the Constitution of the United States is no
more valid than any act of Congress made in
pursuance of and in accordance with the Con-
stitution ; and if you see fit to fix the tenure of
these offices, and yet concede that in spite of
your law, which says it shall be four years or
six years, the President may, under powers
derived from the Constitution, remove within
the term, then he may remove the judge ; and
eveiy one of the officers employed in the civil
or in the military or in the naval service is not
an agent of the people of the United States,
not an agent of the law, but he is a servant of
the President.
Sir, if any such notion has prevailed in the
