Mm
0©M#MBS10^At" &L0BB
March 16,
■to retire more than ona hundred, or at most two hun-
dred millions of United States notes, in' addition, to
tho compound notes, before the desired result will bo
attained. But neither the amount of reduction, nor
the time that will be required to bring up- the cur-
rency to the speoie standard, can now be estimated
with any degree of accuracy."
That last portion of the statement was
.wholly omitted by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. and the idea which he would attempt
to fasten upon the House was entirely without
foundation. The Secretary had not any such
purpose as charged. The Secretary goes- on to
say:
" The first thing to be done is to establish the pol-
icy of contraction."
■ And that is the purpose of the present bill.
It is to establish a policy and say to the world
that resumption of specie payments shall not
be indefinitely postponed. Nobody expects
•that the Secretary of the Treasury is going to
retire immediately any considerable amount of
the legal-tender currency. It cannot and will
not be done for years. But it is necessarythat
he should have the power in order to facili-
tate tho transaction of the remaining part of
the business. The interest-bearing obligations
must be first taken care of. And I warn gen-
tlemen that if this House shall take the re-
sponsibility of reversing what niav be consid-
ered to have been hitherto the national policy,
the policy enunciated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and which received the indorsement,
as my colleague on the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. VVentworth] stated in his
speech, of all but six members of this House
in the early part of this session—if the House
shall do that, it will, in my opinion, be utterly
impossible for the Secretary of the Treasury
to maintain the price of gold even where it
now is, and consequently the prices of all the
articles of merchandise and all productions
which enter into the cost of living will be in-
creased. Consumers have some rights, the
right at least to hope in the future. And I
warn gentlemen further, that as a matter of pol-
icy we cannot afford fo make the issue of con-
tinuing these high and extravagant prices in the
way of living any longer than may be absolutely
necessary. And 1 say to them further, that as
a matter of political policy we cannot afford
it. Wo cannot afford to throw the financial
questions of the day into the vortex of politics.
I was happy to hear the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania announce the idea that there was to
be no politics in questions of this kind; that
each man should vote for himself. That cer-
tainly is my idea as to the policy of Congress,
and the true policy of tho party to which I am
proud to belong.
Mr. Speaker, the finances of the country are
not yet beyond peril. The time when we may
look with the most apprehension in relation to
our financial affairs is yet to come. The pro-
cess of generating an inflated paper currency
gi ves some pleasure, but to be safelv delivered
of it is generally attended by grief." If gentle-
men will look back to the times of our finan-
cial disasters tli%y will see that they have always
occurred in times of the greatest inflation of
the currency. Take the financial disaster of
18:57 ; we had then increased our bank cur-
rency to an enormous extent. In 1830 the cur-
rency of the country was but ,$01,000,000; in
1H.S7 it had been increased to $149,000,000, and
then occurred that tremendous convulsion that
was felt from the center to the circumference
of our land. It fell to $58,000,000 in 1843.
In 1857 it had again increased to $214,000,000,
and then occurred, as gentlemen will remem-
ber, another great convulsion.
Now, gentlemen may say that we have not
got a redundant currency. I should like to have
time to investigate that fact, and to trample it
under foot as I feel, humble as I am, fully
competent to do.
The amount of currency that this country
requires in the ordinary normal condition of
affairs has usually Ijeen not more than from
hve 10 seven or eight dollars per capita. That
is as much as has been required to do the busi-
ness of the country when it was in a healthy
state. ' Frbift 1839 to 1853, inclusive, a period
of fifteen ye'ars,- Dr. Elder states that the aver-
age ■ circulation of bank currency did not vary
more than twenty-six cents per capita, standing
very uniformly at about $5 20.
Now, what" is the amount of the currency?
Grentlemen undertake to say that the gold ofthe
country has gone abroad, and we are to take
from the amount of the circulating medium of
the country the amount of gold that was for-
merly in use. That is not true. I have a state-
ment here showing precisely how that matter
stands; showing that during the last four years
we have not exported more than twelve million
dollars over the amount we exported in the four
previous years, and not over the amount of our
annual production:
Specie and bullion exported.
1853 $52,633,147 1 862 $36,887,640
185 9  63,887,411 18g3  63,392,036
186 0  66,546,239 1861  69,b'j0,485
186 1  28,164,835 1865  54,448,184
$211,431,632
224,118,345
211,431,632
$12,686,713
I suppose there is not a man in this House
who does not know that the production of gold
and silver in this country has largely increased
during the last four years in spite of the war.
Now, what is the amount of circulation, say-
ing nothing about the gold and silver coin, of
which it is proven there is as much in the
country to-day as at any previous time? It
is conceded by the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] that of State bank currency there
is now $00,000,000; of national bank cur-
rcncy $200,000,000 ; of legal tenders and frac-
tional notes §450,000,000. And then, in addi-
tion to that, we have compound-interest notes
amounting to §174,000,000, making a total of
$944,000,000, amounting to thirty dollars per
capita. Will any man undertake to say that
that is not too much for the business of the
country? To require so much it would be
necessary to show that the business of the
country had more than quadrupled.
I should argue that we did not need as much
currency now as we generally do ; for the rea-
son that more personal debts have been liqui-
dated within the last four years than within any
four years in the history of/our country. I
believe that the "great West," as the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] delights
in calling his part of the country, is at least
$200,000,000 less in debt to-day than it was
four years ago. And that is the condition, more
or less, throughout the country. There is less
need of bank accommodation on account of
personal indebtedness than usual. In point of
fact the Government itself is the largest and
most profitable customer of the banks. When
the Government retires, the means of tho banks
will be ample to supply the legitimate wants
of tho people.
Another statement was made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] which
I desire to controvert: that was that there was
less personal property in this country now than
before the war. I will admit at once that there
are fewer horses and mules, and possibly some
less merchandise,-or there was less six months
ago, though stocks have recently accumulated.
But I say that while the Government is poorer,
the people ofthe loyal States, at least, are richer
and possess more personal wealth to-day than
previous to the war.
Mr. Speaker, the Government securities are
as much property to individuals as stocks in
railroads or stocks in banks. But if the state-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts were
to be accepted that there is to-day less of per-
sonal property in the country than prior to the
war, it would show only that less currency
would be needed to carry on the business of
the country, as there would be less merchandise
and less produce to be sold or exchanged.
But, ilr. Speaker, the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury is a master of his special subject. I be-
lieve it will be conceded here, and I may almost
say throughout the world, that he is an able
financier. No man ventures to impeach his
integrity. Now, if he should have this power
conferred upon him, as we propose, (and when
gentlemen say that we do not know how long
he may be our Secretary, I answer that the best
way for lis to secure to him a long tenure of
office is for us not to distrust him in his finan-
cial capacity, not to make it impossible that he
should 'succeed,' not to_ taike the business out
of his hands and thus drive a high-spirited man
out'of office,) if he should have this power con-
ferred upon himj no one expects that he will
at once, if at all, fund any considerable quan-
tity of the legal-tender notes. Why? Because
in order to facilitate the greater transactions
of exchanging our present indebtedness, our
seven-thirties, our compound-interest notes,
our temporary loans, he must make it an ob-
ject for every man to accept United States
bonds; and unless he can make the bonds better
than any other obligations of the Government,
including legal tenders, it will bo impossible for
him to make the exchange. Therefore there
need not be the slightest apprehension that the
legal-tender notes will not be the last obligations
to be funded. It may be that occasionally he
will receive in payment theselegal-tender notes;
but if he does, he will be very likely at once to
pay them out again.
To show, Mr. Speaker, that there is a redun-
dant currency it is only necessary to look at the
large amount of private deposits in our banks in
addition to the immense amount of compound-
interest notes which they keep (it being more
profitable to hold than non-interest-bearing
legal tenders) as a part of their reserve in or-
der to redeem their own issues. They have, I
believe, on deposit from four to five hundred
million dollars belonging to the people. In
addition to that the Government itself has
$00,000,000 of currency on hand. Ifthesesums
were to be unlocked and go into circulation in
any form, in whole or in part, as is likely to
be the case if the project of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania should succeed, that is to say, if
we should leave the Secretary of the Treasury
with simply the power he now has, the result
will be that the currency will be practically in-
creased to some extent. Otherwise the deposits
would be most likely to be absorbed by being
exchanged for United States bonds. -<
Mr. Speaker, let me say one word more.
There has never been any country that could
export grain, manufactures, or anything else,
with an inflated currency, except in extraordi-
nary emergencies. It did occur at the time of
the famine in Ireland, it did occur at the time
of the Crimean war, but those were exceptional
instances. The manufacturers of this country—
I am sorry to disagree on this point with some
gentlemen here and elsewhere—the manufac-
turers of the country, as well as all the rest of
the country, have an interest in having this ques-
tion settled, so that they can make their con-
tracts at least for six months ahead. If the
policy of the Secretary of the Treasury can be
steadily pursued we shall avoid frequent changes
in the money market, the bane of all business
transactions, and every one will know how to
make his arrangements accordingly. It can-
not be for the interest of any class of our peo-
ple to keep our currency below the value of
other nations with whom we trade.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has char-
acterized thisas an " enormous bill," because,
as he claims, it will confer extravagrant power
upon the Secretary of the Treasury. Why, sir,
he has now all the power so much dreaded by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and if he-
were a demon, minister of evil, no doubt he
could exercise that power to the injury of tho
country. ^ But does anybody believe that he
would willingly, with malice aforethought,
bring about a commercial revulsion in this
country, prostrate our business, bankrupt the
Treasury, sink the credit of the Government,
and destroy his own reputation? I must say
that, in my judgment, these are idle fears and
unworthy to be lodged.in the brain of any man.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if gentlemen will look at
the laws we have passed) they will gee that even
