1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3387
could not be equally apportioned to the States.
For instance, Judge Chase said:
" The Constitution evidently contemplated no taxes
as direct taxes but only such as Congress could lay
in proportion to the census. The rule of apportion-
ment is only to be adopted in such cases where it can
reasonably apply; and the subject taxed must over
determine tho application of the rule.''
Justice Patterson said:
"A tax on carriages, if apportioned, would he op-
pressive and pernicious. How would it work? In
some States there are many carriages, in others but
few. Shall the whole sum fall on one or two indi-
viduals in tho Stale who may happen to own and
possess carriages? The thing would be absurd and
inequitable."
Justice Iredell said:
"As all direct taxes must be apportioned, it is evi-
dent that the Constitution contemplated none as
direct but such as could be apportioned. If this can-
not be apportioned it is, therefore, not a direct tax
in the sense of the Constitution."
lie then said, if any State had no carriages
there could be 110 apportionment at all, and
the tax apportioned must be collected from
other articles. This mode, he proceeded, is
too manifestly absurd to be supported.
I have examined the reasoning of the judges
to ascertain, if possible, the extent, and author-
ity of this decision. It has been always quoted
for more than it is worth. It is dangerous to
extend the authority of a case beyond the facts
before the court. It is true this was a tax upon
specific personal property, or rather it was a
tax upon the use of it. But because it was a
tax on one article of personal property it does
not follow that a tax may be levied upon every
article of personal property. Much less does
it follow that because a tax may bo levied upon
the use of a manufactured article of luxury,
which enters into the expenses of living, that
therefore a tax may be laid upon an article of
agricultural production after it was estimated
to enhance the value of the land, and whether
it is consumed or not. A carriage is an arti-
cle of manufacture, and may be taxed at the
time it is made and sold or afterward in the
hands of the consumer. It is in 110 way con-
nected with the land. It is therefore not anal-
ogous to a tax 011 an agricultural production.
It will be observed that no one of the judges
pretended to define what the Constitution
means by a direct tax. Judge Chase satisfied
himself by saying that, a tax 011 carriages is not
a direct lax. He said:
"It seems to me that a tax on expense is an indi-
rect tax; and I think an annual tax on a can iagoibr
tho conveyance of persons is of that kind; bccausu a
cairiago is a consumable counnodilj, and such an-
nual tax on it is 011 the cxpenso of the owner."
It is perfectly clear that no judicial opinion
was given in this case denying that a tax on
personal property in some cases may not be a
direct tax. Judge Chase said :
" t am inclined to think, luit of this I do not give a
indicia! opinion, that I lie direct taxes contemplated
by the Constitution arc.only two, to wit, acapitation
or poll t.ix simply, without regard to property, pro-
test on, or any other eireumstancc; and at ax on iand.
1 doubt whether a tax by a general a,-Moment of
personal moperty within the United States is in-
cluded within the term direct tax."
Justice Patterson, in his opinion, says:
"Tt is not, necessary to determine whether a tax
on the product of land be a direct or an indirect tax.
1 crhaps the immediate product ofland in its original
and crude state is to be considered as the land itself;
it makes part of it; or else tho provision made against
taxing ex ports would be easily eluded. Land, inde-
pendently ol its produce, is of no value. When the
bo differently considered. Whether direct taxes, in
the sense oi the Constitution, comprehend any other
tax than a capitation tax and tax on land, is a uucs-
tionablc point. It Congress, for instance, should tax
in the aggregate or mass things that generally pervade
all the, I) niou.then, perhaps, therulcof apportionment
would be the most proper, especially if an assessment
was to intervene. This appears, by practicc of some
of tile States, to have been considered asadirect.tax.
Whether it be so under tho Constitution of tho United
States is a matter ot some difficulty; but as it is not
befoie tile court it would be improper to give any
decisive opinion upon it."
No one doubts that a tax on land is a direct
tax. But, we do not levy such tax by the acre,
that, is, an equal amount on an equal number
of acres, wherever it may lie. A vacant lot in
the city of New York should pay more than
the same area of land in the open prairies of
Kansas. And why? Because it is more pro-
ductive. It yields a larger rental, a larger
profit to the owner. When a direct tax is
apportioned to the several States they would
surely rate the rich agricultural lands that
yield largely to the husbandman much higher
than the poor, barren lands from which but
scanty productions might, be obtained. We
give^ value to lands in proportion to what they
realize, or can be made to realize, to their
owners. If the rental or prodrtctions of land
are large, the value will be necessarily en-
hanced, and the tax correspondingly increased.
Now, suppose that Congress should lay a
direct tax and at the same time impose excise
and income taxes, including a lax 011 agricult-
ural products, what would be the result? First,
the fanner, in paying the direct tax on his
land, would indirectly pay on his productions,
because they would necessarily go to increase
the valuation of bis land. Secondly, he would
again pay the lax levied directly 011 the prod-
ucts themselves tinder the name of excise
tax, but which 110 nation has ever called an
excise tax before this age. And thirdly, lie
would pay another tax on the same produc-
tions in the shape of an income tax. None
of these taxes could ever be returned to him
in case the products themselves wore raised in
excess of home demand. They would par-
tially fall on the producer, even were the home
consumption ever so great.
But, how would it be with the manufac-
turer? Ho, loo, would have to pay the direct
tax 011 his real estate, but its valuation would
not be enhanced by the productions of the
factory, 'flic articles manufactured would be
taxed under the excise, it is true, but the
mauufactuier would add to their price, and
got it back 011 sale, lie might also add the
direct, tax imposed 011 his factory.' The only
tax that would likely affect him would be the
income tax. I11 this case the manufacturer
would pay one tax, at the outside two, while
the farmer would pay three. In addition to
the three taxes I have named, would not the
farmer help to pay the cxei.se tax of the man-
ufacturer 011 the purchase and consumption of
his excised articles? And if the customs duty
on the imported article of a similar character
were, sufficient to enable the manufacturer to
add the amount, of the direct tax paid on his
factory to the price of his goods, would not
the consumer hare to pay that also?
This, I think, is a fair statement of the rank
injustice of the proposed tax. We boast of
our Constitution as tin instrument securing jus-
tice to the people, perfect equality among the
Slates, and guarantees against discriminating
legislation oppressive to the interests of anv
section.
Now, if this tax 011 raw cotton is a consti-
tutional tax then no branch of industry in this
country is safe. The Constitution ceases to be
an instrument, of justice, and at once becomes
an engine of oppression and wrong. 1 f a tax of
two cents 011 the pound is legal, then a lax of
twenty cents is equally so. The, limit of tax-
ation is a mere matter of legislative discretion.
No one denies that a tax of twenty cents would
prevent the growth of cotton in the United
States. The tax often cents per pound might
not entirely prevent it, but would certainly re-
strict it to home consumption, and on the grower
be oppressive.
The agricultural productions of the United
States were quite vaiied when tho Constitution
was framed. As the country has become larger,
embracing soil adapted to now growths, this
variety has become much more marked. This
thing was well understood and anticipated at
that time. A rule was fixed for the imposition
of direct taxes. Direct, taxes included poll
taxes, taxes 011 laud, and, in my judgment,
such other taxes 011 permanent possessions as
could be apportioned. This rule could not be
changed. It was not thought advisable to con-
fine taxation exclusively to direct taxes. Tho
exigencies of the nation might demand a larger
revenue than could be obtained from this source.
Hence the power to lay "duties, imposts, and
excises." These tenns were well understood
in the English law, and there was no necessity
for defining them. It was only necessary to
prevent Congress from establishing rules of in-
equality in their imposition. If impost taxes
were greater at the ports of one State than at
the ports of another the entire commercial in-
terests of the State discriminated against might
be destroyed. If the excise tax on the manu-
factures of one State are greater than 011 those
of another any one can see the result without
an argument. The manufacturers of the one
would grow rich, the manufacturers of the other
would grow poor. If stamp duties were larger
in one State than in another this discriminating
tax would depress business, and drive popu-
lation to the more favored States. To prevent
these evils it was provided that—
"AH duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United IStat.es."
Now, can it be possible that with a small
commerce for imposts and inconsiderable man-
ufactures for cxcises, the Convention should
have so carefully guarded against injustice in
the laying of indirect taxes, and left the whole
agricultural interest of the country subject to
110 rule except the combination of interest or
the whims of passion and prejudice ? A tax
upon raw cotton can affect but few States; so
with tobacco, hemp, rice, and other articles.
Those States not growing any one of these arti-
cles might combine and tax it as tlicy chose,
unless prohibited by the Constitution. Unless
there is such a prohibition, the Constitution is
not that perfect instrument which we have sup-
posed. I am aware that if an agricultural
product is not produced beyond the demands
of homo consumption, it may bear an internal
tax, provided the foreign article is sufficiently
taxed upon its importation to protect the home
product. But where an article is grown or
produced in excess of home consumption, an
internal tax without the privilege of drawback
upon exportation is liable to destroy its pro-
duction entirely, and that is the case before 11s.
Now, if we give to the decision of the Su-
preme Court tlie construction accorded to it
by some Senators here, this strange conclu-
sion will follow, to wit, a direct, tax includes
nothing but a capitation -and land tax. These
are fixed by the rule of representative num-
bers. 'The word "duties'' refers to taxes
on the use of consumable articles, stamps, &c.
The term " imposts " refer only to taxes laid on
articles imported from foreign countries, ex-
port taxes being prohibited. The word "ex-
cises '' refers to the tax levied on manufactures,
when tho article is changed from the raw ma-
terial 111 lo some new form. Now, this would
leave agricultural productions in the raw state
to be taxed ad libitum. They would neither
fall 111 the list subject to direct taxes, for which
a supposed equitable rule of apportionment, was
established, nor in the list of indirect, taxes,
for which the rule of uniformity was adopted.
Now, does any sane man believe that such
was the intention of those who made the Con-
stitution? JJoes such a construction accord
with other provisions of the instrument? The
agricultural interests in the country were the
most, watchful and jealous of all others, and
therefore the idea cannot be tolerated for one
moment that they intended to leave these prod-
ucts to be taxed in the, discretion of Congress.
Jfy argument up to this point has been to
show that an agricultural production cannot
be taxed at all in its raw state If cotton can
he taxed, wheat, corn, oats, barley," hay, pota-
toes, and onions may be equally taxed; and if
right lo tax one, why not tax the other? But
suppose 1 am mistaken in this; let it be admit-
ted that agricultural products can be constitu-
tionally taxed, under what head of taxation
will they fall? Congress may lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and cxcises. Nobody
will pretend that this is an impost or an excise
tax. if the opinion of the Supreme Court in
the Hilton case can be relied 011, it is not a
"duty.'' Tt must, then, fall under the general
head of "taxes." 1 have already attempted to
