1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2427
minds of the American people, I think it is
time to wipe it out. I could illustrate the
necessity of this by facta which have fallen
under my observation within a very short time.
This is nottho occasion to parade them before
the Senate : but there is not a Senator sitting
here that cannot point his own finger to numer-
ous instances illustrating the necessity of teach-
ing the American people, that it was not the
design of our institutions to make the Presi-
dent of the United States responsible for public
opinion, or to make him a missionary clothed
with patronage and power and emoluments for
the purpose of inculcating his own opinions or
his own political doctrines upon the people.
Mr. SAULSBUKY. Mr. President, when
this subject was before the Senate originally, ]
did not mingle in the debate, because I con-
sidered it then, as it seems to be now, a con-
troversy more between the two branches of the
Republican party than between the Republican
party and the party to which I belong. Sir,
there seem to be two wings of that party, ac-
cording to this debate, the one led by Congress
and the other by the President of the United
States. As I have said before, I belong to
neither, but I belong to a party much older
than either, a party having its origin at the
foundation of this Government, a party under
whose counsels and advice and management
this country grew from a feeble Republic to be
one of the greatest nations upon the earth.
During its existence and control no civil war
afflicted the land, and none of the evils were
experienced under its management of public
affairs that we have suffered during the short,
brief, and terrible reign of this now distracted
party. TheDemoeraticparty has but very little
interest in this controversy as a party. Be-
lieving, however, the President to be patriotic,
and that his policy, if carried out into practice,
would conduce to the general benefit of the
whole country, would be the means of soon
restoring amicable relations between the States
of this Union, aud would again put ns on the high
road to prosperity and happiness as a people,
the Democratic party, witn a unanimity, yea,
sir, a generosity seldom witnessed in the his-
tory of political parties, sustains the President
in every constitutional effort to restore the
relations which formerly existed between the
States. That is the connection and that is the
. only connection which the Democratic party
has with this controversy.
Sir, i should not have risen on this occasion
if it had not been for a remark which was made
by the honorable Senator from Yermont, [Mr.
Poland. ] I listened with great pleasure to his
speech. It was able; it was in good taste; it
was just such a speech, with very slight excep-
tions, as we should have expected from a gen-
tleman of his high reputation. But I was sorry
to hear one remark which fell from the lips
of that honorable and distinguished Senator.
When war was raging in the land, when the pas-
sions of the people were excited, when brother
was arrayed against brother, and when parties
and individual men were striving to prove that
they were more loyal than their neighbors, I
expected that men would so far forgot propri-
ety as to deal in epithets towards their polit-
ical opponents; but I had' hoped that when
peace had returned, when passion had subsided,
when the spirit Jf party had become calm, I
never again in the Senate of the United States
should hear the term "copperhead" drop
from the lips of any Senator. But, sir, there
is an old maxim, de gustibus non disputandnm
est. It may be the taste of honorable Senators
to indulge in such epithets; I will not imitate
the example. Not that it affects me; but I
hope that it is the last time in the Senate of
the United States that we shall be compelled
to listen to such epithets.
While I am up, Mr. President, I will say a
word upon the measure now before the Senate.
It is very strange to me how the power of the
President of the United States to remove cer-
tain officers from their offices can, at this lato
day, be questioned. I had supposed that, as
Senators, we were familiar with the early
debates in Congress upon this subject, and I
had supposed that if there was any question
clearly and definitely sei lied, both by the prac-
tice of the Government and byjudicial decision,
it was the power of the President to remove
those officers whom he had the power to appoint,
and whose terms of office were not limited to
a particular period, or during good behavior.
Has the President the power, for instance, to
appoint the heads of Departments? Has he
the power to remove them from office if he
sees proper? I do not know that I understood
the honorable Senator from Maryland aright:
I do not know but what he half conceded that
this power might be taken away from the Pres-
ident by repealing the acts establishing those
Departments. But to show that this power of
removal clearly exists in the President I will
cite two passages from the Constitution of the
United States, if it is not now out of order to
quote from that instrument.
The Constitution, in section two of article
two, provides that—
"The President shall he Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the
miiitia of the several States, when called into the
actual service of the United States; lie may require
theopinion, in writing, of the principal officer in each
of theExecutive Departments upon anv subject relat-
ing to the duties of their respective offices," &c.
The Constitution contemplatcsoffices denom-
inated here as Executive Departments ; and in
1789 Congress proceeded, under the authority
of the Constitution, to create those Executive
Departments—the office, as it was called, of
Secretary of Foreign Affairs, now Secretary
of State, and the offices of Secretary of War,
Secretary of the Treasury, and Secretary of the
Navy. In the bills organizing those Depart-
ments this very question was most elaborately
argued and solemnly settled by a vote of Con-
gress, that the power to appoint and the power
to remove both existed in the President of the
United States. It passed by a very large ma-
jority. The main argument upon the bills
establishing those Departments arose on the
power of the President to remove the officers
at the head of them, after he had appointed
them by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
The language of the Constitution is, that the
President shall nominate and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint.
Now, who appoints to office? What wasj the
argument then ? Some said the appointment
was made by the President and the Senate ; but
if we look for a moment we shall see that the
Senate has nothing to do in making an appoint-
ment; it acts simply as an advisory body. The
Presidentnominat esand the President appoints,
but before he makes an appointment he takes
the advice of the Senate. When is the appoint-
ment perfected? Is it perfected when the Sen-
ate gives its advice? No, sir. Then the Sen-
ate does not appoint. The appointment is
only complete and perfect when the President
attaches his signature to the commission. It
was decided in the case of Marbury vs. Madison
that to render an appointment complete there
must be the signature of the President to the
commission. The commission is the evidence
of the appointment, and it is not issued and
signed until after the Senate has advised the
appointment; but suppose after the Senate
gives its advice, the President does not choose
to make out the commission and does not affix
his signature to the commission, I ask you, is
there any appointment ? Clearly not.
This shows that the President, and the Pres-
ident alone, has the appointing power, and
that the office of the Senate is nothing but that
of an advisory body. That being so, the ques-
tion comes back to" this: what is the principle
governing the power of removal? Any one
who looks into Lloyd's Debates of that day
will see that the doctrine was universally ad-
mitted in the argument that the power which
appoints is the power which can remove, and
which alone can remove. I know that in those
early davs the question arose whether the only
power of removal was not by impeachment.
Some advocated that doctrine; among the rest,
Mr. Smith, of South Carolina. Some contended
that inasmuch as it required the advice of the
Senate before an appointment, could be made,
the Senate also had the power, conjointly with
the President, to remove, and that the Pres-
ident had not the power without the advisory
body. Bui after full argument,—anil it is one
of the ablest and most exhauath e arguments to
be found in the debates of Congress either in
former or present times—it was decided by
Congress that the President, being the appoint-
ing power, had in himself alone the power
of removal. And, sir, should it not be so?
What are these but executive officers? Their
appointment is an executive duty; they are
called upon to discharge executive functions ;
the. President of the United States is respon-
sible for their conduct to the people aud to the
country; and therefore, being chargeable with
the due administration of public affairs, and
being clothed with the executive power, it
would, upon principle even, if there were no
authority one way or the other, and we were
driven to reason abstractly on the subject, be
nothing but right and proper that the power to
remove should be in the authority which is
responsible to the country for the action of the
executive agents.
But, sir, judicial decisions, as well as uniform
practice, has settled the question. This princi-
ple was clearly recognised in the case of Mar-
bury vs. Madison in'l Cranch. It was recog-
nized and decided to be settled law in the case
of ex parte Ilennen in 13 Peters. It was de-
clared in both cases that the law was clearly .
settled, and if you turn to the Life of Washing-
ton. by John Marshall, Chief Justice of the Uni-
ted States, who certainly ought to have known
something upon the subject, you will find that
he declares it to be settled law that the power
of removal is with the President alone. And
yet. notwithstanding this construction and the
uniform practice from 1789 down to the pres-
ent hour, some in this debate have gone so far
aq to question the right of the President of the
United States to remove the head of a Depart-
ment or any other officer. I might add to this
authority the weight of the great name of Chan-
cellor Kent, of New York, who held the same
doctrine. This debate is the first time in my
life, in tiie last twenty-five years at least, that I
have heard the doctrine questioned.
Congress itself has uniformly heretofore
recognized the power of removal to "be in
the President. In the acts of 1789 establishing
the Departments of Foreign Affairs or State, ot
the Treasury, and of War, provision was made
for the appointment of subordinate officers to
take charge of the books, papers, &c., of said
Departments in cas#e of the removal of the heads
of said Departments by the President. This is
a clear legislative recognition of the right of
the President to remove, and every President
has acted under the Constitution in conformity
with this recognition of right.
But, sir, there are officers whom the Presi-
dentnow has the power to remove that Congress
may prevent his removing, by depriving him
of the right to appoint them : but I hold that
while you leave him the appointment of these
officers, you cannot take away from him the
power of removal. The Constitution empow-
ers Congress to vest the appointment of infe-
rior officers in the courts of law or in the heads
of Departments. Congress has done that in
reference to the appointmont of clerks, &c., in
the Treasury and other Departments. Con-
gress may by law provide for the appointment
of inferior officers by some other party than
the President, if Congress sees proper to do so;
but Congress has not so far seen proper to do
so; and the proposition now is to attach to an
appropriation bill for the support of the postal
service of the country an amendment providing
that if the President of the United States shall,
not only in reference to a vacancy happening
during the sitting of Congress, but in reference
to a vacancy which may occur during the^ recess,
undertake to exercise the power admitted to
be his, the person appointed by him shall not.
receive pay unless he shall be confirmed by the'
