1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL; GLOBE.
1:46*
in relation to the terms on which these loans
shall be negotiated, this bill proposes to confer
no greater poweis than the Secretary of the
Treasury already possesses. Home gentlemen
desire tlict we shall insert in the bill a provis-
ion that these bonds shall be disposed of at
not less than par. Why, sir, if such a provis-
ion should he inserted, and if the brokers of
Now York should make a combination, as they
might at any time, to reduce the price of these
bonds even one tenth of one per cent, below
par, the Secretary of the Treasury would be
hound hand and foot: ho would be utterly in-
capable of moving, and could not fund a dollar.
Again, if he desired to employ, as agent to dis-
pose of this loan, Jay Cooke, who has hereto-
■fore managed so successfully the sale of our
bonds and notes, and should desire to pay him
a quarter of one per cent., or three eighths, or
any other percentagethat might he agreednpon,
he would be precluded from doing so. Con-
version, exchange or sale, would stop.
J3v an examination of our former acts of this
kind, it will be, found that they contained simi-
lar provisions on this subject. In the law of
1801 the language was, •'on the most favorable
terms." In 1803 we said, ''upon such terms
as lie may deem most advisable." In the act
of .March. 1HG4, and the act of January, 1SC.3,
the same language was used. In the act of
March, 1SG5, the words were, "at such rates
and under such conditions as he may think
ad^ isable."
Again, sir. objection is made to the provision
of this bill because it proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasm-y lo negotiate loans in
any foreign country. The bill, as it i\ ill bo loft
if the amendment [ propose be adopted, will
still leave power to negotiate these bonds "in
the United States or elsewhere." Of course
he does not intend, after the emphatic con-
demnation of the policv in his report, to nego-
tiate any bonds abroad, but the power may be
useful m order that lie may obtain the best
possible terms here at home.
As it is getting late, I do not propose to oc-
cupy any more of the time of the House. Ido
appeal to the House to let this bill stand as
we' have it., except so far as the amendment
which 1 have proposed under the instructions
of the Committee of Ways and Means. I hope
there is enough of good sei^e and patriotism
ill this House lo sustain the bill. If we do, I
cannot think we shall have any reason to re-
giet it. I do fear we may have much for regret
if the House undertakes to manage the finances
of the country. For one. I prefer the respon-
sibility shall be with the executive department.
The question recurred on Mr. Si.o.vx'.s mo-
tion to insert the following in place of what Mr.
Morrii.i. moved to strike out:
That or .,thei obligations of tho United
State- horoaftei i--iued shall bo made payable, pi m-
cipal anil lnteii'sr, in hnvlul money ot the United
Skates, and all ;U't> or parts of act,- wlnoh authorize
the Seerelaiv ot the Tiea-ury to retire permanently
from eireulaUon United States notes not beamig in-
terest arc hereby repealed.
Mr. IIAUDEXfi. of Illinois. I domand the
yeas and nayd. If I cannot speak I want to
vote.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The ainenchuent was disagreed to.
The question then rocurrod on Mr. Mou-
nri/r/s motion lo strike out the following:
Provided, That the bonds which m;iv bo disposed
of elsewhere than in the United States mjy bo made
able, both, principal and interest, in the coin or
cAirroncy of the country in which they are made pay-
able. hut shall not hoar urate of interest exceeding:
live per cent, per annum.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Stevens' s
substitute for the bill, ah follows:
That the act entitled "An act to provide wavs and
means to support the GoYermnenr," approved March
3 1805 shall be extended and construed to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of any de-
fecription of bonds authorized by said act to such an
amount, in such maimer, and at miv.i rates not
than par, as- hemay think advisable, iorlawhil money
of the United Stale*, or for any Treasury not^. cer-
tificates of indebtedness, or certificates ot deposits or
other lcprcsentatives of value, which have been or
which may be issued, under any act of Congress; and
the proceeds thereof shall be used only for retiring
Treasury notes or other obligations beftrin? interest,
issued under any act of Congress; but nothing herein
contained shall be construed to authorize any increase
of llie public debt.
Sfc. 2 And all lawc and parls of laws which au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to fundorwith-
draw from circulation any United Stateslegal-tender
notes not bearing interest be, and the same are here-
by, repealed.
Mr. COCKLING. Is that diviaibl e ?
The SPKA K FAl. The Chair thinks not, as
it has been offered for the whole bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the second sec-
tion of my substitute.
Mr. "WENTWORTFL ( I object. While I
would do anything to oblige my friend, I want
our soldiers paid in money at par.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table ; and demand the yeas and
nay?.
The yoa<* and nays were ordered.
'The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas o7? nays OS, not voting
*iS ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Bcaman, Bing-
ham. Blow. Bundy, Cobb, Egslcvton, Yerry, AbnorC.
Hardinir, llayc. llisby, Demas Hubbaid, James It.
liubbell, llulburd, KeHo, KuykendaU.AVilliam Law-
rence, Loan, McOluit?, Mercui, Miller, Myers,O'Neill,
Paine, Pike, Price, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Francis
Thomas, Trowbridge, Wclker, Williams, James P.
Wilson, Stephen 1°. Wilson, and Wmclom—.'37.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames Ancona, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker. Baxter. Bidweli, Blaine, Boutwell,
Hover, lUamlcsrce, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall,
Backhaul, Chanler. Header W. Clarke, Colfroth,
Oonklmtr. Cullom, Darlinff, ihuves Baivson, Delano,
Deminc, Donison, Jhxon, Donnelly, Eliot, Farquhar,
(rarliejd.troodvcar, Gridcr, (Trinnell, Aaron Harding,
liai t, Llill, llogan, Holmes Hooper, Asalicl W. Hub-
bard, John Jl. Hubbard, Edwin N. liubbell, James
Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ingcisoll, Jones,
Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Ketcham. Lailin, Latham,
G<orge V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall, Marsfon,
Marvin, Mdluer. Moorhead. Morrill, Morris, Moul-
ton, Xicholson, JSooll. Orth, JVvham, Phelps,Plants,
Samuel •!. Randall, "William 11. "Randall, llavmond,
Alexander II. Bice, John H. Rice, Bitter, Koffers,
Ro >, S.nvycr, Scuiield, Siiellabait?er, Spalding, Stil-
well. Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trtmhlo. Upson. Burt
Van llorn, Robert T. Van lloin, Waid,Warner, Elibu
1>. Washhmne, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
Wiialey, Winheld, and Woodbridge—DS.
NOT VOTING—Me«i>. Alley, Delo* It. Ashley,
JamosM. Ashley, Benjamin, Bergen, Sidney Clarke,
Cook,Culver, Davi.\ Defrees, Briggs, Dumont, Eckley,
Eldridg^.Farnsworth, Fmck.Glossbrenner, Gnswold,
llalc, Harris, Henderson, Jlotchkiss, Chester B.lfuh-
bard, Jenekcs. .Johnson. Keiley, Lonsrvear, Lvneh,
McCullough, M<-Indoe, McKee, Newell, Niblaek,
Patterson. Pomero>, lladloid. Rolling Rou^-uu,
Sehonfk, Shanklin Sit^rea^es, Smith, Strou^e,Thay-
er, John L. Thomas, Van Acrnaiu, llenry I). Wash-
burn, and \Ylight— is.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, stated that his
colleague, JMr. Alley, was paired ivith Mr.
1I.UIR1S.
Mr. LAFLIN staled Mr. Clarke, of Kan-
sas, was absent on account, of illness.
Mr. THAYER said he was paired with Mr.
(ri.os.sniihXNEK, who was uua\oidably absent.
Sir. VAN 1I0IIN, of New York, slated (hat
Mr. Van A i-,ux am was detained from the House
by ilbic ;-s.
"Mr. LE BLOND stated that Mr. Elbridge
was still detained at home by sickness.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, made a
similar statement in reference to his colleague,
Sir. Johnson*.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the substitute of Mr. Stevgxs.
Mr. KGGIjESTON. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. LAWUEXCE, of Ohio. I desire to
move to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered with a view of striking
out the sceond section.
The SPEAKER.. That cannot be done
until the previous question is exhausted.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
the substitute offered by Mr. Stkvk.ns ; and it
was decided in the negative—yeas 01, nays 75,
not voting -17 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Boara.xn, Bing-
hmn. Blow, Bouiwoll, JRromwell. BuekJand. Bundy,
Kuador W. Clarke, Co'ob, Cook, Darling, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Bgfjleston, Eliot, Farquhar. Ferry, GooVlyear,
AbncrC. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Iligby, Hill, Holmes,
Asahel W. ItubBnrd. Chester I). JluBbanl, Demas
Hubbard. Edwin N. liubbell, James-R.liubbell, Ilul-
bucil, J ulian, Ketso, Kuykendall, William Lawrence,
Coals, Tiviieli, McClurjj, Miller, Moorliead, Morris,
Myers, O'Xeill, Orth, Pike, Plants, Price, Alexander
11. Ric.c, John 11. Rice, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Stil-
well, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Wolker, "Wil-
liams, James lf. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—61.
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Aneona, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bidweli, Blaine, Boyor.Bran-
dosee, Brooks, Broomall, Chanler, Coffroth,Conkling;,
Cullom, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Doming, Denison,
Garfield, Grider, Aaron Harding, Ilosan, John H.
Hubbard, James Humphrey, James M. Ilumphroy,
Ingersoll, Jones. Ivasson, Kerr, Ketcham,Lafiin, la-
tham, George V. lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall,
Marston, Marvin, Meltuer, Mercrfr, Morrill, Moul-
ton, Nicholson,Koell, Paine,Pcrham,Phelps, Samuel
J. Randall, William II. Randall. Raymond, Kilter,
Rogers, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Bliellabarger, Spal-
ding, Taber, Taylor,Thornton, Trimble. Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Warner,
Elilm B. Washbarne, William 13. AV'asliburn, Wont-
worth, lVhab'y, Winfiold, and Woodbridge—75.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Benjamin,Bergen, Sidney Clarlco,
Culver, Davis, Defrecs, Driggs, Duiaont, Bekley, E1-
drid're, Farnsworth, Finck, Glossbrenner, Giinnell,
Griswokl.IIale, Harris, Henderson, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Jenekes, Johnson, Keiley, Longyear, McCul-
lough, Molndoe, JlcKee, Newell, Niblaek, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Radlord.lloUins, Rousseau, Schenck,
Shanklm, Sitgreaves, Smith, Strouse. Thayer, John
L. Thomas, Van Acmam, Henry D. Washhuin, and
Wright—17.
So the substitute was disagreed to.
Mr. LAWKENCE, of Ohio. I now desire
to make the motion to reconsider the vote or-
dering the main question.
The SPEAKEK. It is not in order.
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Ohio. Then I desire
to make a statement.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to
be engrossed.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I demand the yeas and
nays on the engrossment.
The yeas anil nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. T demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the read-
ing of the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the bill is not yet engrossed.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to adjourn, for
the purpose of giving time to have the bill
engrossed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw it, so as to move to take a recess of
ten minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. OAItFIELD. I move that the House
take a rccess of ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether,
under the operation of the previous question, a
recess can be ordered without unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. AiORRTLL. I then renew the motion
to adjourn and call the yeas and nays on the
question. But if the gentleman will withdraw
the objection 1 will withdraw my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is it in order now
to move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered?
The SPEAKEK. It is not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In order to get at
that I will withdraw the demand for the read-
ing of the engrossed bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
'Mr. STEVENS. I demand the reading of
the engrossed bill.
Mr. CARFIELD. I renew the motion to
adjourn, and demand the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was decided in the negative—yeas
48, nays 80, not voting o5; as follows :
yeas —Messrs. Ames, Anderson. Baker. Hinsliam,
Jloutwell, HiamWec, IUomweU, LuckLuid, Bandy,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom, .Dixon, "Donnelly, Ea^le^un,
Farquhar, Ferry, (Trinnell. .Abnor C. Hardiner, Hart,
Have?, lligby, Hill, Asahel W. llubbard, Chester L>.
Hubbard,Demas Hubbard, John ii. Hubbard, Etivriti
