2428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
Senate. All I have to say upon that (not feel-
ing much interest in it as a party man or per-
sonally) is simply that it has not been done
from the foundation of the Government up to
the present time, under any Administration,
however hotly war has waged between Con-
gress and the President of the United States.
When the President of the United States was
a Whig, a Democratic Senate and House of
Representatives never attempted to take from
him this power of removal from office as it
has existed ever since the foundation of the
Government. Wlien your President was a
Democrat and your Congress Whig, they never
attempted to deprive him of this power.
Let me ask gentlemen, what is the great rea-
son for doing it now? If amid the hot conflicts
of party in former days it was not found neces-
sary thus to stigmatize the President of the
United States, (for it is nothing but an at-
tempted stigma upon him,) what great public
emergency demands it at this late hour? Do
you dare question the actions of your own
President? When I questioned some of the
acts of the late President of the United States,
I heard the epithets 11 copperhead" and "trai-
tor" rolling thick and fast wherever I went.
Only two or three brief years ago if any man
questioned the infallibility of the acts of Abra-
ham Lincoln, if he had not one, two, or three
plates of copper upon his head it was because
the tongue of slander could not place it there.
But now, sir, having a President of your own
election, of your own choice, you attempt to
deprive him of the power which has been here-
tofore admitted to belong to the Executive from
the foundation of the Government. For myself
I feel no interest in it as a party man. I have
yet to find that the present Executive of the
United states has appointed the first Democrat
to office; and let me take occasion to say that
while I consider it a pleasure and a pride to
be the personal friend of the President of the
United States, and while 1 approve and indorse j
fully every constitutional and patriotic effort
that lie lias made to restore the harmony of
this country, and again to cause us to be a
happy and a united people, I am looking for
my party to no crumbs that fall from the presi-
dential table. Neither, sir, is the Democratic
party looking for those crumbs; they did not
vote for him; they have no right to demand
his offices; and they do not demand them; but
they claim the t iglit, and it gives them pleasure,
when he acts nobly and patriotically and man-
fully for the good of the whole country, to for-
get the fact that they did not vote for him, and
to rally to his support; and if his hands at any
time shall fall down, they will help to raise
them up, if votes and counsel can help to raise
them up. They have the harmony of the coun-
try, the peace of the country, the restoration
of friendly relations between the different
States more at heart than they have party tri-
umph. Nay, sir, leave it, this clay, to that
good old partv which launched this ship of
state on the billows, to be out of office for four,
eight, or twenty years, and to stay out, upon
the condition of the restored Union under the
Constitution as our fathers made it; place
before them the alternative of restoring the
Union which our fathers framed, or of their
coming into power and having this country
continually distracted, with eleven States kept
out of the Union, and they would retire to the !
quietude of private life and rejoice that the
flag of their country once more waved from
ocean to ocean, and from lake to gulf, over a
united, happy, and prosperous people.
It is a mistake when gentlemen suppose that
the members of the Democratic party, in giv-
ing such support as they do to the measures
and policy of this Administration, are actuated
by party considerations, with a view of taking
their President away from them, or with a view
of getting their offices. Sir. we do not claim
their offices. If we dared say anything to the
President of the United States, we would say-
to him, "Give yonr offices to the men who
voted for you and who sustain your policy, pro-
vided they are best qualified to discharge the
duties of such offices ; but take care, be sure,
you give them to friends who will support you
sincerely, honestly, and vigorously in the war
being waged against you and the honorable
Senator from Nevada to-day seemed to talk as
if there was such a war. He knows more about
the secrets of the Republican camp than I do.
He ought to know al) about that fact. He says,
"Give us a platform and we can fight." Whom
is the honorable Senator going to fight? I
thought from what I heard in this Chamber that
the Democratic party was dead and buried; we
have heard that often enough. Surely you are
not preparing a platform now to fight this dead
party. Then it must be a platform to be used
m this war between the President and Con-
gress ; and as to the side on which my friend
from Nevada is in that fight, a doubt was inti-
mated by my honorable friend from Wisconsin.
A word more on the subject before the Sen-
ate, in reference to the question of justice and
propriety. You should remember that I am
speaking impartially in reference to this matter.
I have no interest in it whatever as a party
man; but I ask you as a matter of justice,
should not the President have the privilege of
surrounding himself with a few friends ? From
what I have heard of the appointees of the
former President of the United States, very few
of them are the friends, as I suppose, of the
present Executive. Now, would it not be just,
would it not be magnanimous on the part of
this great party, that is going to make war on
the President, if it is going to make war, to
give him the privilege of selecting a few friends
to be around him? Certainly it is usual to
allow a dying man to be surrounded by a few
friends to comfort him in his dying moments.
If the President be so weak that he has not one
per cent, of the party that elected him as you
say, can you not afford to let him take a few
of that one per cent, to take counsel with, and
to comfort him in his affliction?
Why, sir, look at the history of removals in
this country. When John Adams came into
office there was no occasion for any removal
of appointees under General Washington's
Administration ; but when Thomas Jefferson
came into office there was some occasion for
them, because then all the offices were filled by
per-sons opposed to a majority of the people
of the United States. Mr. Jefferson made
but few removals, comparatively few. I be-
lieve'he removed no man simply because he
had voted against him, and no one for mere
political cause alone unless the man removed
from office had made himself particularly ob-
noxious by his abuse. There was no occasion
for Mr. Madison, or Mr. Monroe, or John
Quincy Adams to make many removals, be-
cause there was very little division of parties
then, and yet they did all make some. When
General Jackson came into power there was
occasion again because the offices were mainly
filled by those who were opposed to him, and
yet that Administration which has been held up
as a model Administration for proscription made
but a little over six hundred removals in eight
years, and there were then about eight thou-
sand postmasters in the country besides thou-
sands of other officers. Now, wen if Con-
gress is disposed to take from the President
of the United States the appointing power, as
I admit it has the right to do in a great many
instances, by giving the appointment to the
Supreme Court or to the heads of Depart-
ments, still it, would be nothing but justice to
leave to the President of the United States the
power to appoint a number of his friends to
office.
Why are gentlemen alarmed, let me ask ?
Why should they be alarmed? Why should
they entertain the idea that the present Pres-
ident of the. United States is going to pervert
this power of removal to a bad purpose? Is
he not surrounded by the "divine Stanton"
and such men? Has he not Mr. Seward foran
adviser? Are not all his present advisers men
whom you have indorsed over and over again?
Have you not confidence in your President's
advisers? Certainly they are not going to make
any appointmentto injure you. Certainly they
will not countenance any appointments in favor
of the Democratic party. Sir, let me tell you,
that it would take more faith than it requires
to remove mountains to cause me to believe
that the present Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted States, who so long has fought the Demo-
cratic party, and who, by the by, I consider
the cause of a great deal of the evil that has
been brought upon this country, is going to
forsake your standard and rally to the Demo-
cratic standard. He is going to do no such
thing. But suppose he should, what then?
Some few men might follow; but I march un-
der no captains manufactured out of "divine
Stantons" and bell-ringing Sewards, and other
men that I might name. You have them.
You have got to keep them. You need not
expect to get clear of them. Make war upon
them if you choose, because in making war
upon the President of the United States you
will make war upon his Cabinet.
The Democratic party will not be driven
from their support of the Chief Magistrate of
the United States, whom they believe to be
patriotic, and who in their judgment means
well, though he maybe surrounded by men who
have'warred upon that party all their lives, and
whom the Democratic party have always fought;
but they will support him in every act that they
believe right, and in giving that support they
are not animated or governed by any mere
party considerations, but it is from a love of
country and devotion to the country, and be-
cause they believe lhat his policy will conduce
more to the interests of the country than your
policy will. Although I know I differ with'
gentlemen on this floor who say they are so tri-
umphantly strong in this country, 1 believe to-
day that the Democratic party numbers more
than one half of the constitutional voters of
the United States in the States which never
seceded ; and, sir, now that your bayonets are
removed from the polls, now that men can vote
freely and act freely, we will hang our banner
on the outer wall, and give it-to thegod-storms,
the tempest, and the breeze, and we are not
afraid to meet the united hosts of the Republi-
can party in the next presidential election. At
the same time, sir, Andrew Johnson may—and
that is what you are afraid of—Andrew John-
son ma}', if he acts rightly, not through the
action of the Democratic party alone, but by
the almost spontaneous action of the Ameri-
can people, become the next President of the
United States. If he acts constitutionally,
settles these great questions which are now dis-
turbing the nation, settles them peaceably, gives
back to the country a restored Union and a
restored Constitution, the grateful hearts of
hundreds of thousands and millions of Amer-
ican voters may so swell that they may say he
deserves yet further honors at their hands; and
if the American people will it neither Congress
nor the Republican party can prevent it.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] did not state my
position quite fairly, nor exactly as I put it.
lie stated that I was waiting to see whether I
could serve the Lord before I broke with his
adversary. Well, that really looks like a mani-
festation of egotisni on his part, as if he and
the Lord were on intimate terms, so that he
can say that he is on the Lord's side. Bat I
beg leave to say that I do not exactly occupy
that position. I believe that it is pretty well
known that I am not much afraid to brea.'-rwith
anybody, that I do not watch the President to
see how he is going. I mean on all questions
to consult my best judgment, and I am ready
at any moment to break with the President or
anybody else on principle, if he deserts princi-
ple. how I choose to state my position for
myself. The President has attempted recon-
struction ; he has reared a kind of policy; I
as a member of the Senate do not propose to
aid in destroying it, until I have got some ma-
terials together whereby to build a better house.
Until I have collected the materials I do not
propose to go to work tearing down and de-
stroying, It may be impossible for Congress
