1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
N. Hubbell, James E. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kelso, William Lawrence, Loan, McClurg,
Meorhead, Morris, Plants, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Welker, Wentworth,
Williams, and Windom—48.
NAYS— Messrs.Allison, Ancona, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanler, Reader W.Clarke, Coffroth, Darling, Dawes,
Jpawson. Delano, Denison, Eliot, Garfield, Gridcr,
Aaron Harding, Hogan, James.Humphrey, JamesM.
Humphrey, Jones, Kasson, Kerr, ICetcham , Kuykcn-
dall, Laihn, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond,
Marshall, Marstoii, Marvin, JJcRuer.Mercur, Miller,
Morrill, Myers, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Orth,
Pame, Perhara, Phelps, Pike, Price, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William jEL Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
a ij°S? H. Rice, letter, Rogers, Ross. Sawyer,
ocofieid, Shellabarger, Raiding, Starr, Taber, Tay-
*°!l' ®*5|ttton.Trimb{e, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert X. Van Horn, Ward. Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
bume, William B. Washburn, Whaley, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson. Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Delos K. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Barker, Benjamin, Bergen, Blow,
Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Conklinjr, Culver, Davis,
Defrees.Deming, Driggs, Dumont, ISckley, Eldridge,
tarnsworth, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Gris-
wold. Hale, Harris, Henderson, Holmes, Hooper,
Iiotchkiss, Jenekes, Johnson, Kelley, Longyear,
Lynch, McCullough, Mclndoe, McKee, Moulton,
Newell, Niblack, Patterson, Pomeroy, Radford, Rol-
lins, Rousseau, Schenck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Strouse, Ihayer, John L, Thomas, Van Aernam,
Henry D. Washburn, and Wright—
So the motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WINFIELD stated that his colleague,
Mlv Radford, was unavoidably absent.
The bill being now engrossed, it was read the
third time.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
^ The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 04, nays 70, not voting
40; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter, Bidwell, Blame, Boyer, Brandegee, Brooks,
Chanler, Coflroth.Conkling, Darling, Dawes, Dawson,
Delano, Demiug, Denton, Gridcr, Aaron Harding,
Hogan, Hooper, John 11. Hubbard, James Humphrey,
James M. Humphrey, Jones, Kasson, Kerr, Kctcham,
Lallui, Lathaxn,(icorgeV. Lawrence, Le Blond, Mar-
shall, MarMon, Marvin, Mclluer, Morrill, Nicholson,
Noell, Pcrham, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, William
It. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Sawyer,
bcolicld, Spalding, taber. Taylor, Thornton, Burt
Van Horn, RoherfT. Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu
wi i fe110, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
W'"tlo!<i  an<l Woodbridgc—65.
iNAYS —Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Barker, Bea-
man Bingham, Blow, BoutwclI.Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook.
Oullom, Dixon, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Farqu-
Wlr\1V?rry' Grinnell, Abner C. Harding,
H,irL llaycs, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Asahel W. Hub-
N rij,^i';MCrT l«b?rrfVJ>?m?s Hubbard, Edwin
T^ii™ T V) ' J&me? •■Hulburd' Ingersoll,
J ulian, Kelso, Kuykondall, W illiara Lawrencc. Loan,
jA-nch, McClurg; Mcrcur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pike, Plants
l'ncp, Alexander II. Rico, John H. Rice, Shellabar-
ger, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell. Francis Thomas,
Irowbridijc, Upson, Welker, Williams, James I".
mTn™fc" Wilson, and Windom-70.
i . T VOT©firMessrs. Alley, Ames, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Benjamin, Bergen, Sidney
Clarke Culver, Davis, Defrocs, Drips, Dumont, Eck-
ley.ls.Mrid^e.Farnsworth.Fmek.orossbrcnner.Good-
^e„atr„V.J"SWi° d,i Hale. Harris, Henderson, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Jcnckes, Johnson, Kelley, Longyear, Mc-
Cullough, Mclndoe, McKee, Newell, Niblack, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Radford Rollins, Rousseau, Schenck,
bhanklin. Sitercaves, Smith, Strouse, Thaver. John
Xj. Thomas, Trimble, Van Aernam, Henry 1). Wash-
burn, and Wright—19.
So the bill was rejected.
During the roll-eall,
Mr. ANCONA said: My colleague, Mr.
JoHxsox,_is still detained from the House by
indisposition.
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced as above recorded,
Mr. GARFIELD said: I changed my vote
and voted in the negative for the purpose of
moving a reconsideration. I now move to
fectel th° V°te by wWcU the bili was re"
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on that motion. I think we had bet-
ter have a session for debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that by unanimous
consent the session of to-morrow be set apart
for the consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, of the Pres-
ident's annual message, and for debate only.
No objection was made.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRILL, (at
fifteen minutes past eleven o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, At., were presented under
the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. BOUTWEIiL: The petition of the Lowell
city Institutions for Savings; of theMiddlcsex Insti-
tutions for Savings, and of the Newton Institutions
for Savings, severally asking for a reduction of the
tax on savings banks.
By Mr. RADFORD: The memorial of the Legis-
lature of Colorado in relation to the Pacific railroad.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant Barrett, and oth-
ers, late officers and soldiers in the United States
Army, against the sale of mineral lands of the Uni-
ted States.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of John
Carter, and 7 others, soldiers of the war of 1812, res-
idents of Clermont county, Ohio, asking for pensions.
By. Mr. COOK: The petition of 62 citizens of Will
county, Illinois,(praying for the enactment of laws
lor the regulation of inter-State insurances of all
kinds.
By Mr. FERRY: Thememorial of insurance agents
ot Muskegon, Michigan, praying for the passage of a
law regulating inter-State insurances of all kinds.
By Mr. GOODWIN: The memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of Arizona, asking
Congress to donate certain lands to build a railroad
in said Territory.
^ Also, the petition of R. C. McCormick, and others,
m aid of same.
Also, a memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
the lerritory of Arizona, asking for an appropriation
*he navigation of the Colorado river.
Also, joint, resolution of the Legislative Assembly,
asking that the boundary lines of Arizona be fixed.
Also, the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
Arizona, asking that the tract of land in the bend of
the Colorado river, opposite Fort Yuma, be attached
to Arizona.
Also, the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
Arizona, asking that a reservation for the Yavapai,
Pah Utes, and Hualapais Indians, and forthe friendly
Apache Indians, be fixed upon the Lower Gila.
Also, the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
Arizona, asking that tho Territory of Arizona be set
apart as a separate land district.
Also, the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
Arizona asking Congress to extend to the Territories
the benefi t of the act of July 2,1862, regarding agri-
cultural colleges.
By Mr. KASSON: The memorial of Thomas D.
Woolsey, D. D., president of Yale College, II. A.
JNewton, professor of mathematics, and 30others, pro-
lessors and instructors of Yale College, praying that
tho metrical-decimal system of weights and meas-
ures" may be legalized in the United States.
Also, the memorial of the faculty of Trinity Col-
m VonnectlcVt'm f^vor of the same.
Also, the memorial of Professor James Torrey, and
others, of the faculty of the University of Vermont,
m favor of the same.
Also, the memorial of Council Bluffs Board of
lradc, praying that Council Bluffs be declared a port
of entry, "
kAFLIN: The petition of citizens of Lewis
and Jefferson counties, New York, for the establish-
n)ai^r®;utefr(>ni Lyon's Falls, Lewis county,
to Carthage, Jefferson county.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 27 honorably
discharged soldiers of Bradford county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying that the same pay and bounties may be
granted to all soldiers who were enrolled previous to
October 24,1863. as were allowed to soldiers who en-
listed after that date.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of John B. Buck,
ana Zo others, citizens of Ludlow, Vermont, praying
Congress to amend the tariff so as to protect American
labor to the extent of the difference of the cost of
capital and labor here and abroad, with the addition
ot internal duties on American industrial products
from which the foreign are free.
• By PRICE: The petition of the monthly meet-
ing of the Society of Friends, West Liberty, Iowa
asking for perfect equality " before the law for all*
without regard to race or color. *
C-S- Mr" RAYMOND: A meniorial of Miss Estolle
Hall, and others, dress-makcrsof the cities
f ♦Kn<* ®rookJyn> Praying for a repeal or
ness internal revenue tax on their busi-
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of United States
assistant assessors of the fourth district of New Jer-
sey, for an increase of pay.
By Mr. SCOITJELD: Tito petitions from citizens of
Indiana county, Pennsylvania, asking for an amend-
ment of the Constitution prohibiting distinctions in
civil rights among citizens of tho United States.
Also, a petition of United States deputy assessors
of the nineteenth congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania, asking an increase of pay.
By Mr. TAYLOR: A petition asking to have the
name of Mrs. Mary A. Patrick, widow of Captain
Matthew Patrick, late of the first artillery, placed
upon the pension roll.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of NewYork: Amemorial of
brewers of the United States, asking for a light duty
on barley.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 17, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boxntos.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
leave of absence.
Mr. HILL asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Defrees, for
the next week.
The House resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the consid-
eration of the President's annual message.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank God, sir,
that the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United
States of America has been permitted to as-
semble in this magnificent temple of liberty,
and under the broad folds of that sacred ban-
ner of American nationality, now a thousand
times more hallowed by its baptism in the
blood of American freemen fallen in the dread
struggle for national existence. I thank %d,
sir, that, despite the gigantic efforts of the vast
horde of parricidal hands and traitorous hearts
that^ have sought the destruction of this great
fabric reared by the immortal of our land and
race, the nation's ensign still proudly floats,
not only above us, but over every portion of the
nation's domain, and commands a new respect
from every nation on this earth. When, in
sorrowful retrospect, I recall the scenes enacted
in this Hall but five short years ago, when
treason stalked triumphant and insulting, and
loyal men, with bated breath and their faces
in the dust, begged as a boon that traitors would
but name some terms on which they would
consent to spare the nation's life, until, spurned
with indignity and contempt in their low dis-
grace, the vast loyal North rose in its manhood
and stood ercct, with the blood of every free
loyal heart pledged to wipe out this foul stain ;
and when I remember the deep maledictions
which were_ heaped on the heads of those who
dared to raise a hand to repel the blow aimed
at the nation's heart, even by those, I am
pained to say, who held seats here by choice
of the constituencies of the free North; and
these failing, the funereal wails chanted from
these seats over the fancied grave of this
great Republic, where the wish of the singer
was but father to the thought he sang; and
when, sir, I behold the integrity and perpetuity
of the Republic, as I fondly hope, vindicated
by the blood and valor of a million loyal hearts,
its strength made terrible to all foreign foes,
the last traitor disarmed, and those lately so
defiant and insulting now begging permission
to return^ here, whence they so scoffingly re-
tired, again, sir, I thank God and take courage.
I need not say to you, sir, nor to the mem-
bers of this House, that upon this Congress is -
devolved responsibilities the most weighty that
have ever fallen upon any deliberative assem-
f'y- « was for the Congress of 1776 to plant
the seed of free government upon this conti-
nent It was for the Convention of 1787 to nur-
ture into proper shape the growing twig, and,
sir, it is ours to bind up the ravages of storm, and
see that no sound limb be severed from its fair
proportions and that no worm or rottenness shall
gnaw away its heart. Thirty millions of peo-
ple, directly interested in each day's word and
act of ours, are intently watching the progress
we may make; and from across the sea are
turned toward us the anxious eyes of millions
upon millions more, whose hearts are trem-
