1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3389
the future. As a political measure, it would be
better to give a bounty upon the production of
cotton for the next five years than to impose a
duty. This opportunity for reaping great, polit-
ical advantages in the pacification of so large a
mass of restless and discontented people should
not be thrown away. The paltry amount of rev-
enue to be obtained in this way is insignificant
when compared with the advantages to be real-
ized by a contrary policy.
My second objection to it under this head is,
that it is vicious as a measure of economy.
The civil war, in which the people of the South
so foolishly engaged, has left them in extreme
poverty. Many of them are actually suffering
from the want of the necessaries of life. Their
labor system, to which they had become accus-
tomed, is completely overthrown. The rav-
ages of war destroyed their plantations. Long
before it ceased they had nothing but a worth-
less currency, and at its close they had none.
Many of the laborers, white and black, have
been killed or disabled. The larger proportion
of the southern people are not only reduced to
utter poverty, but they are helpless and phys-
ically unable to repair their fortunes. In Ala-
bama and other States there is now much suf-
fering, and even famine is threatening. The
levees on the southern waters were cut by our
troops during hostilities, and the best cotton
and sugar lands have been completely sub-
merged this summer. To save the people,
white and black, from starvation and suffering
was one of the chief objects inducing the en-
actment of the Ereedmen's Bureau bill. For
this charitable object Congress is annually ap-
propriating millions of dollars. Now, [submit
that, that economy is questionable indeed which
appoints tax commissioners and pays them
heavy commissions to collect from ten to fif-
teen million dollars to be replaced in the hands
of bureau agents and distributed at an addi-
tional risk and cost among the very people
from whom it was collected. Let us rather
encouragc them by every system of favorable
legislation which is just, within itself to enter
with zeal upon the cultivation of their great
staple for their own support and the relief of
the nation.
But if these reasons bo thought insufficient,
I have a third one to urge, which affects the
national wealth and the national finances. We
now have upon our shoulders a national debt of
near three thousand million dollars. That debt
isuot a blessing. It cannot perhaps be called a
cm so, for it, was contracted in a good cause. At
the least, however, it is a great burden, a mis-
fortune. That debt has to bo paid. Millions
of the material wealth of the country was burned
and otherwise destroyed during the war. That
must be replaced. We cannot repair these
losses and pay the public debt by the manufac-
ture of paper money. We cannot, pay it by
protecting one branch of the industry at the
expense of another. With much truth it. has
been said that agriculture is the source of all
wealth. Let us then develop it in all its re-
sources. It behooves us indeed to encourage
every branch of labor, for without labor there
can certainly be 110 accumulation of wealth.
It is notorious that exchanges are largely
against us. We import more than we export.
\Ve have supplied the deficit, of exportation, not
with the elements of wealth, bat the evidences
of poverty, the bonds of our indebtedness.
Our country has been drained of its precious
metals, and in the present state of agriculture
the mines of California, Colorado, Nevada, and
Montana will prove wholly inadequate to meet
the balance of trade against us. Nothing is so
well calculated to retrieve our condition as the
cultivation of cotton. The world needs the
article, and we have the best soil and climate
for its production. Instead of discouraging it
by an oppressive tax, we would much better
appropriate millions to encourage its growth.
One full crop of cotton would be worth at least
$800,000,000. Tins would cheek the exporta-
tion of gold, appreciate our bonds, establish
specie payments, send a large immigration of
loyal men to the South, give contentment to
the present dissatisfied elements of southern
society, give wages to the negro and employ-
ment to the poor white, and relieve the Govern-
ment from its present burdensome dispensation
of charity.
A fourth reason consists in the fact that, this
is a discriminating tax, the only one levied
upon agricultural productions, and should not
be resorted to unless the necessities of the Gov-
ernment absolutely demand it. Such is not, the
case. The receipts from the customs and in-
ternal duties this year are amply sufficient to
meet the current expenditures of the Govern-
ment, and the interest of the public debt. This
fact has induced a heavy decrease in excise
duties as proposed in the very bill now pend-
ing. I make no complaints against the man-
ner in which this decrease is to be made. Many
articles of manufacture are put in the free list
which might very well bear a continued lax
without injury to the manufacturer and without
serious detriment to the public. Wealthy rail-
road corporations and other common carriers
are relieved of tax, which will inure, perhaps,
but little to the traveler or to the shipper.
Large reductions are made in iron manufac-
tures; native wines are made free; and even
the manufacture of every species of agricult-
ural implement is left without taxation. The
ship-building interest, a tax on which is essen-
tially indirect and but little injurious to any-
body, is left entirely free. I might go on and
enumerate many articles that could better bear
a tax than the production of cotton. But, Mr.
President, I will not detain the Senate longer.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 certainly shall not un-
dertake to answer the learned and elaborate
argument of my friend from Missouri at this
stage of the debate, because 1 look upon this
question, so far as the Senate is concerned, as
already adjudicated. I ha\o not the time and
1 have not made preparation to follow his ar-
gument, through the whole course of it; but
there are one or two considerations that seem
to me to settle this matter. The Constitution
of the United States in the first article, seel ion
eight, provides—
"The Congress shall have power to lay ami collect
taxes, duties, imposts, imd excises to pay debts mul
provide for the common defense and welfitre of tilt;
United States; hut all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be unitoim tlnou^hout the United States."
The power that is conferred upon Congress
to lay taxes is as broad as the English lan-
guage. No words could he used in the Con-
stitution that would give Congress more fully
and completely the power of taxation than the
words hert/ used. The only exception to the
power of taxation is contained in a clause of
section nine of the same article in which it is
provided that "no tax or duty shall be laid on
articles exported from any State."
There are two modes of levying taxes. One
is provided for by the general section 1 have
already read, declaring that," all duties, imposts,
and excises shall be uniform throughout the
United States." The, other mode is provided
in section nine of article one, declaring that
" no capitation or other direct tax shall belaid
unless in proportion to the census or enumera-
tion hereinbefore directed to be taken." The
only question, then, in this case is whclhcr this
is a direct tax within the meaning of the Con-
stitution. There are four classes of taxes pro-
vided for in the Constitution: one under the
general name of taxes, one under the name of
duties, one under the name of imposts, and
another called excises. Thiceof these classes
are expressly required to be levied uniformly
throughout the United States. There is one
general word used, "taxes," a word so broad
that nothing can be levied by a Government
upon the people that it does not include ; a word
of as broad .signification as any that could pos-
sibly bo employed. The Constitution recog-
nizes a difference between direct taxes and
indirect taxes, because after speaking of taxes
generally it then speaks of direct, taxes, and
provides that they shall be apportioned accord-
ing to population. As to indirect taxes, im-
.posts, excises, and duties must be levied by
some uniform rule in the mode provided for
in this bill. Then the only question that is
open for us is whether this is a direct tax within
the meaning of the Constitution.
Mr. HENDERSON. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator just there. He says that taxes,
imposts, excises, and duties may be laid, but
the latter throe must1 be uniform. He says
that, the first word, taxes, is as broad as the
English language. Now, I desire to ask him
a question. If excises, duties, and imposts
must be uniform, and Congress can levy other
than a direct tax under the first word, "taxes,"
is there any restraint upon it unless it be that
it shall be apportioned as required upon repre-
sentative population? According to the Sen-
ator's argument, everything may be a "tax,"
and you may levy in one State just as much as
you please, and in another State just as much
as you please, on the same article, because if
the word "taxes," as used in that connection,
does not mean "direct taxes," there is no
limit at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope my friend will not
interrupt me further, because it is too hot for a
conversational colloquy, and I do not think it
is necessary. I want to meet directly and with-
out equivocation the question that is made. I
say the only question is, whether a tax on cot-
ton is a direct tax. If it is not a direct tax
within the meaning of the Constitution then
the argument of the Senator falls. All the ar-
gument that lie bases upon the extraordinary
power of Congress to break down one State or
one interest by improper taxes is inherent in
the nature of things. Having the full and broad
power of levying taxes, that includes the power
of levying a heavier tax upon the productions
or consumption of one community and less upon
those of another. That has been done since
the foundation of the Government. The only
question with us is whether a cotton tax is a
direct tax. My own impression is, though that
is a question which has not been decided by the
Supremo Court, that a tax -on cotton comes
within the express meaning of "excise," within
the technical meaning of the word "excise"
under the English law. I find in a very good
law book, Webster's Dictionary, [laughter,]
this definition of "excise," and I think that as
this is a legal technical term, the definition is
legally and technically given :
"The word 'excise' includes any inland tax or im-
post laid on an artielq produced and consumed in a
country, and also on licenses to deal in certain com-
modities."
The word "customs" or " duties" has now
a much more contracted signification than
when the Constitution was framed. Under
the English law the word " duties" is almost
as broad as the word "taxes." The word
"taxes" is a broader term, covering all spe-
cies of levies upon the people, and the word
" duties" includes nearly all, although in com-
mon parlance now wc geneially apply that
word to duties on imported goods, but those
are really " imposts." The proper definition
of the word "impost" is a duty on imported
goods; but we have by common use applied
the word "duties" to revenues collected from
imported goods, and the word " excises" or
"taxes" to inland revenue. When the*Con-
st.itution was framed the legal meaning of the
word " duty" would include all excises and all
taxes except a tax on land. The definition of
" duly" given in Webster's Dictionary is "that
which a person owes to another ; that which a
person is bound by any natural, moral, or legal
obligation to pay, do, or perforin ; and further,
j "in the technical sense it is anything that is
I prescribed by law or by morals." That is the
j broad meaning of the word "duty," and when
j applied to taxes il is any duty that is imposed
by law, any legal duty. I think that the
framers of the Constitution have used words
which cover this case, f think the word " ex-
cise" will do ; I think the word "duty" will do.
The Supreme Court, however, declined to give
a specific meaning to these words, stating that
the word "tax" certainly included everything.
You may say there was simply tautology in the
use of words.
