lsea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
bling between hope and fear as our hands are
shaping the now life of the Republic. The
smoke and thunder of the contest have passed
by. The honored soldier of the Republic,
crowned with the laurels of a grateful country,
and none were ever brighter, rests from the
toilsome march and deadly strife and mingles
his tears with the nation's upon the grave of his
buried comrade. The hour of the statesman
has come; and fearful will be the responsibility
of him who, blinded by party zeal or personal
ambition or hate, shall be found wanting in this
his country's most important crisis. I cannot
hope, even, sir, that no error will be committed,
but I can confidently expect that every true pa-
triot will, with the utmost honesty of intention
and singleness of purpose, so shape all efforts
here that they shall tend to the restoration of a
free republican government over all the vast
heritage bequeathed us by the fathers of the
nation.
The great curse and crime of our age exists
no more. Slavery was the most damning stain
that ever blotted the fair escutcheon of free
government. It was an excrescence, a para-
site, that fastened upon the Government and fed
upon its vitals. It was the poisonous Upas,
whose breath infected everything within its
reach. It was rank and fulsome in the halls
of legislation, and molded and shaped laws
for the government of the Republic favorable
to the most absolute and shameless despotism.
Statesmen of intellect most gigantic were sub-
sidized by its omnipotent power, and basely
prostituted the gieal abilities which God had
given them to foster and protect an incubus
that pressed with mountain weight upon the
noblest impulses of the human soul. It coiled
its slimy length upon the bench where jurists
sat, in courts where the weak sought protection
from the strong, where justice was symboled
with scales of even hand, and with serpent
guile it hissed forth decrees-and judgments
which will eternally disgrace the jurisprudence
of the age, and which shattered the confidence
of mankind in the integrity of all human tri-
bunals. It was rife in the political arena, and
with every eonceivablc appliance wrought upon
the ultimate arbiter of contending political fac-
tions, the ballot-box. Nay, it even invaded the
sacred desk, and if the lips of its occupant
were touched with a live coal from the altar of
the living God, and burning .words swelled in
his breast in behalf of a downtrodden race, for
whom the blood ot'thc Son of God had been shed,
its damp breath quenched the kindling flame
and turned to smoldering ashes the heaven-born
impulses of his heart. Success but increased
its arrogance, and while at first it asked but to
be permitted to live, it grew to claim that noth-
ing that opposed it should survive, until at
last it seized the nation by the throat, and like
the fabled adder turned to pierce the benefac-
tor that had warmed it into life: and in that
struggle it has died, and I now hero but speak
the epitaph I would write upon its infamous
and eternal grave over which wo are to recon-
struct the fabric of free government.
In tho discussion of the momentous ques-
tions that are now presented for our solution,
it has been contended by some gentlemen that
the States lately in rebellion, and in and by
authority of the people by which war was waged
against the Government of the United States,
were out of the Union to all practical intents
and purposes, or that they were "dead car-
casses lying within the Union." This, sir, I
regard as the expression of the most extreme
views of gentlemen 011 this side of the House.
The views of gentlemen on the other side, as
expressed by the general tenor of their ar-
gument, are quite on the opposite extreme.
They strenuously insist that those States are in
the Union, with full right of representation,
and in all respects upon an equal footing with
all the other Slates. In support of these ex-
treme views, and in all the varying shades of
opinion that have been expressed m this wide
discussion, I think all possible changes have
been rung upon the phrases ''States in the
Union" and "Statesoutof theUnion." Now,
sir, I am not sure that the cotintry 'would not
have been more benefited by the vast ability
and learning that"have been displayed in these
discussions, had the effort been directed to ex-
isting facts which all admit, and to the inven-
tion and application of a remedy for evils so
great and manifest, which none deny, rather
than to the establishment of preconceived the-
ories, which I apprehend would lead to some
consequences on either hand not acceptable to
their advocates.
If that anomaly, scarcely supposable in the
physical world, can exist in the political, of
being neither in or out, I think we have its
illustration in the existing condition of these
States.
What is a State? I go not back to Cicero,
nor Solon, nor other eminent statesmen of an-
tiquity for my answer. Highly as I esteem the
eminent abilities of Grotius, and Puffendorf,
and other great writers npon the law of nations,
1 think the light which they shed upon this
practical question of to-day will be found to
be but feeble. Scarcely a resemblance exists
between the States of Europe, upon the consti-
tutions of which they displayed their vast learn-
ing, and the American States, whose condition
should absorb the attention of the American
statesman now. They wrote of kingdoms, and
empires, and of the relations of independent
sovereign Powers to each other. We have to
do with republican governments, each to some
extent supreme within its own territorial limits,
associated together under a common superior
Government, and together forming a nation
among the nations of the earth. A State, in
the American meaning of that term, conveys
the idea of a political power, existing within
certain boundaries, having certain powers of
local legislation, having certain rights in the
General Government, and holding constitu-
tional relations to that Government. Each
State, in the full sense of that term, and in the
full exercise of its prerogatives, has among other
rights the right of representation in Congress,
the right to elect its own Governor and Legis-
lature. the right to make, alter, and amend its
constitution, prescribe the qualifications of those
who shall make its laws, and to legislate in what-
soever manner it may please, so that it violate
no provision of the superior law—the Consti-
tution of the United States. But the genius of
our Government knows no such thing as a State,
within the territorial limits of the United States,
foreign to or independent of the Government
of the United States. Hence to be a State in
the Union, in the popular and legal sense of
that term, implies the possession of all the rights
which characterize a State, and their full exer-
cise and enjoyment; and to be a State out of
the Union would imply the full exercise and
enjoyment of all privileges and powers charac-
terizing a State independent of and foreign
to the Constitution and Government of the
United States.
Now, sir, let us look at the historical facts of
the ease we are considering. It may be well to
pause in the heated discussion, which the rapid
recurrence of startling events naturally engen-
ders, and take our bearings, and see clearly
where is our latitude, what our longitude, and
whither we are drifting. I shall not detain this
House by an elaborate rehearsal of details, or
a reiteration of transactions, which, alas! arc
already too v>vidly impressed upon the minds
of all. In 1800 and 1801, eleven States, through
the exorcise of the ordinary machinery of their
then existing State governments, and to the
utmost extent that State authority could, by
legislative, executive, and conventional enact-
ment, attempted to abrogate all the relations
existing between those States and the Govern-
ment of the United States. Their Representa-
tives and Senators in these Halls, while on then-
consciences were resting oaths most solemn,
stopped at no perjury, but with souls as black
as violated vows could paint them, with haughty
insolence strode hence to treason's camp, there
to fan the kindling flame, to goad on those
most daring to greater desperation, to override
the hesitating, and to crush out by brutal force
the fevf who dared to raise a voice or hand to
resist the infernal schemes they were then con-
cocting against no wrong to them or theirs, but
against a Government whose sole fault was
that it had ever been too prodigal of its indul-
gence to their outrages and oppression. They
confederated together as States, and with all
the form and solemnity of a pretended govern-
ment created by such confederation, they ar-
rayed an almost resistless force against the
power of this Government.
Sir, I pause beforti the awful facts which
paint the history of the dread conflict which
succeeded—facts which mark the four years of
the Administration of our lamented, martyred,
and immortalized Chief Magistrate as the era
of the world's great actions; which in sublime
grandeur stand alone in the world's great rec-
ord the evidence of what free men can do and
dare for the existence of a Government where
man alone is sovereign; and also other facts,
which, in like solitude, stand the evidence of
the deep degradation of infamy to which trea-
son could descend to found a nation in this
age whose corner-stone should be a despotism
at which Russia blushes, and at which people,
whom these men call barbarous, stand aghast.
Now, sir. while the tread of hostile armies
shook the nation from the Potomac to the Ilio
Grande, while day after day forces which trea-
son had assembled, which these confederated
States, acting through State machinery, had
called into the field, were marching against and
meeting in deadly conflict the hosts of loyal
men which the sole purpose of preserving the
Government of their fathers had called from
the workshop, the counting-room, and the plow;
while loyal blood, shed by traitors' hands, waa
flowing like water all over the land which trea-
son had polluted, will it be pretended by any
man, on this floor or elsewhere, thiit these re-
bellious States were entitled to—nay, were but
enjoying—their rights as States in the Ameri-
can Union? Will this other proposition, legiti-
mately following as it seems to me, be claimed
as sound, that in the exercise of their legitimate
State rights, as citizens of the States rebelling,
these rebel soldiers who were but acting in obe-
dience to the sovereign authority of confed-
erate State power, might have held an election
for members of this House while their hands
so rocked with the blood of your slaughtered
soldiers that they crimsoned the ballot which
elected their Representatives who should con-
trol your legislation here? That the vanquished
army of General Lee, retreating from the field
of Antietam, might have retrieved its fallen for-
tunes by holding an election, pursuant to State
authority, and sending men upon this floor
who should have withheld supplies from your
pursuing force?
Sir, without pursuing further inquiries which
can tend to but one result in all candid minds,
I take it as an established proposition that at
some time, and to some extent, the rights and
powers of the States in rebellion have been
impaired. Have those rights and powers been
fully restored? If so, when, and how? These,
sir, are grave inquiries, and it would be high
presumption in me to assume that I possessed
the ability to give the unquestionably correct
answer. But, sir, with all their gravity, they
are questions which we must meet. They are
upon us; and it will have been the performance
of the whole duty of the men who compose
this Congress if, with the single purpose of
preserving by legislation the fruits gathered by
unequaled heroism, blind to all party preju-
dices, and ignoring all personal ambition, wo
shall have given them the consideration ot the
combined ability of those who must decide.
It is in this spirit that I propose to meet them,
and with the humblest deference to those with
whose opinions I may seem to differ, I but dis-
charge a duty which I feel incumbent upon mo
if any feeble word of mine can assist to a right
decision.
Sir, it has been contended by some that the
very fact of the surrender of the armed forces
of the rebellion to the forces of the Govern-
ment, of itself restored the States engaged in
