B390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Now, the question again recurs, whether a
tax on cotton is a direct tax, and upon that
point the Supremo Court of the United States
have made as plain and palpable a decision as
I think they have ever made upon any question
whatever. There were but four judges, it is
true, upon the bench tit the time, the Chief
Justice not yet having taken his seat, but those
four judges all concurred in the opinion. I do
not wish now to read the whole of the decis-
ion. The substance of it is, that they regard
the power of Congress to be plenary and abso-
lute, with but the single exception I have named
of a duty on exports. They then go on and
define what is meant by the term '' direct tax.''
They draw a distinction between a direct tax
and an indirect tax. They say that under the
Constitution an indirect tax of any kind, shape,
form, or manner that is not included within the
words "imposts, duties, and excises" may be
levied in any way that Congress may provide
for; that whatever may be levied under the
name of "duties," "imposts," or "excises"
must be levied by uniformity, but an indirect
tax that is not included within those three
words may be levied in any mode provided for
by act of Congress.
" They then proceed to discuss what is a direct
tax. In that case the question was about a
tax on a carriage. If I were to say that any-
thing in the world was a direct tax, I should
be inclined to say that a direct tax was a tax
upon accumulated property, that which a man
had on hand. That would be our ordinary
definition of the term "direct tax"—a tax on
a matter on hand, on personal property, on a
horse, on carriages, on cotton, on ail the
various products which are on hand—a com-
pleted fixed article of property. The ordinary
meaning of the term " direct tax" would he a
tax upon any kind of personal property ; but
the Supreme Court go on to show here that
that was not the meaning of the framers of
the Constitution/ The meaning of the framers
of the Constitution was to apply the term
" direct tax" simply to a poll tax and to a tax
on land; and the only doubt, upon which my
friend from Missouri hangs the whole of his
argument, was a doubt which, fairly construed,
works against him, and that is a doubt ex-
pressed by one of the judges, Judge Patterson,
in giving his opinion. Judge Chase said, in the
case alluded to, Hilton vs. The United States,
3 Dallas, 171:
" I am inclined to think, but of this X do not give
ajudicial opinion, that the dircct taxes contemplated
by the Constitution are only two, to wit, a capita-
tion or poll tax simply, without regard to property,
profession, or any other circumstance; and a tax on
land. I doubt whether a tax by a general assess-
ment of personal property within the United States
is included within the term direct tax."
And then he goes on and shows the effect
of such a construction, that it would be un-
equal and unjust, and excludes it from the con-
templation of the framers of the Constitution.
Judge Patterson, in giving his opinion, says
this :
" The Constitution declares that a capitation tax
is a direct tax; and, both in theory and practice, a
tax on land is deemed to be a direct tax. In this
way, the terms 'direct taxes' and 'capitation or
other dircct tax' are satisfied. It is not necessary
to determine whether a tax on the product of land
be a direct or indirect tax. Perhaps the immediate
product ol'land, in its original and crude state, ought
to be considered as the land itself; it mattes part of
it; or else the provision made against taxing exports
would be easily eluded. Land,independently of its
produce, is of 110 value."
And upon this remark the honorable Sena-
tor bases his whole argument. But the judge
goes on and says further:
"When the produce is converted into a manufac-
ture it assumes a new shape; its nature is altered ;
itsoriginalstate isehanged; it becomesquite another
subject, and will be differently considered."
If I were disposed to split hairs on a ques-
tion of this kind, I might show that cotton, the
article of commerce, is an article of manufac-
ture, and that the process of ginning cotton
makes a greater change in it than the process
of converting wheat into flour makes in wheat.
Flour was taxed under our excise laws without
objection, but it was a tax that was very soon
repealed. I have no doubt that where an agri-
cultural article or any other article is changed
in getting it readyfor consumption, it becomes
then a manufacture; but aside from that, in
an agricultural country like ours, we cannot
find any provision in the Constitution which
exempts agricultural products from the same
tax that may be levied upon manufacturing
products. I represent an agricultural State,
and yet I can find in the Constitution no prin-
ciple favoring the productions of my people
more than the products of any other people.
If any other articles of personal property may
be assessed under the form of an excise tax,
so may the articles produced by my people.
The distinction made by the framers of the
Constitution is palpable. A tax on land or a
tax on people is a direct tax; all other taxes
are indirect taxes, taxes on personal property,
carriages, yachts, cotton, wheat, &c. I have
not a doubt that we may levy a tax upon wheat;
but I do not fear that Congress will do it.
When you come to the question argued by
the Senator in the closing part of his elabo-
rate speech, I quite agree with him; I think a
tax on cotton is indefensible in principle, and
I do not believe it will last more than this cur-
rent year. It was levied during the war at two
cents a pound. I have no doubt of our power
to levy it. The tax is proposed to be con-
tinued this year because all the people who
have planted their cotton—I give my own reason
for it—have planted it under the expectation
of paying this tax. The great bulk of this tax
will be paid by the consumer abroad, and there-
fore we are justified, under the present circum-
stances of the country, in putting an excep-
tional tax on this agricultural product; but
after this year I do not suppose the cotton tax
will be continued for any length of time. The
very moment cotton produced in other parts
of the world competes with our own produc-
tion, then, as a matter of coarse, we shall have
to abandon the cotton tax or we shall have to
give a drawback upon the exportation of cot-
ton, which will amount to the same thing; but
at present we can levy this tax, I think, with-
out'any injury to any portion of our people.
As 1 said before, I am not prepared to enter
into a further and more elaborate examination
of this subject. I look upon it as settled by
the debate two years ago, when it was discussed
at some length. I consider it as settled by
the decision of the Supreme Court. I do not
think, therefore, it is worth while to contfhue
the discussion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senatorfrom Ohio
says we have settled this question. We settled
it in the midst of war and at a time when the
proclamation of the President made the south-
ern States enemies, and I do not think the legis-
lation at that time, levying a tax upon cotton
that might be obtained and brought from the
enemy's country into our own, comes under the
same head of taxes under which he chooses to
tax this article now. I think it is altogether a
different thing. The war is over; and now the
levying of a tax upon an agricultural product
in the southern States is exactly the same as
levying it in the State of Ohio. I do not think
our action of two years ago is any precedent
at all. It was an article, then, brought from
a country that was at war, an enemy's country.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 24; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Foster, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Norton, Pomeroy, Sprague, Stewart,
and Willey—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Cres-
well, .Doolittle, Edmunds. Fessenden, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana,
Morgan, Morrill, Poland, llamsey, Sherman, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Cra-
gin, Dixon. Johnson, Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Nesinith, Nye, Riddle, Sauls bury, Sumner, Wright,
and Yates—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to amend the
bill on page 22, line three hundred and six-
teen, by striking out the word "four" and in-
serting in lieu thereof the word "five;" the
effect of which will be to pay the assistant
assessors uniformly five dollars a day instead
of four. It makes their pay uniform.
. Mi-. BROWN. It increases it.
Mr. CRESWELL. It pays them all five
dollars a day instead of a portion of them. As
the section now stands they receive, generally,
four dollars a day. They receive, however,
three dollars for every hundred persons as-
sessed, contained in the tax list, and a subse-
quent provision in the section has since been
stricken out paying them twenty-five cents for
each permit granted to any tobacco, snuff, or
cigar manufacturer. But by the provision com-
mencing on the three hundred and thirtieth
line and extending to the word "day," in the
three hundred and thirty-fourth line, all as-
sistant assessors when employed outside of the
town in which they reside, in addition to the
compensation now allowed by law, are to re-
ceive during the time they are so employed one
dollar per da}'. U nder the existing provisions
of the bill, all assistant assessors in the coun-
try will be paid five dollars a day for all days
in which they are employed in the exercise of
their duties outside of their towns. I presume
that that allowance is owing to the additional
expense to which they will be subjected in
maintaining a horse and carriage, and also in
payment for their hotel bills. If the amend-
ment I have offered shall be adopted, I shall
then move to strike out this subsequent pro-
vision, and thus make the pay of all assistant
assessors, either in cities or towns, at the uni-
form sum of five dollars per day.
In the cities the assistant assessors now re-
ceive four dtillars a day for every day employed.
Their pay, then, is four dollars a day for every
day in the year, because, I believe, they are
employed nearly all the time except Sundays,
and excepting such days as they may be neces-
sarily absent?, and such days as they may be
sick. The result is that their pay is reduced
below the sum of §1,200 per annum, under the
general provision of the per diem. Under the
subsequent provision they receive compara-
tively an insignificant sum. I allude now to
the provision paying them three dollars for
every hundred persons assessed, contained in
the tax list. There are scarcely any of them
who return on their lists more than from eighty
to one hundred names. That would make their
pay, under that heading, only three dollars per
annum. The subsequent provision granting
them twenty-five cents for each permit granted
to any tobacco, snuff, or cigar manufacturer
being stricken out, they are deprived of the
amount of compensation that they received
under that clause. It is impossible, in my
judgment, in any of the cities of this country to
insure the proper men to perform the duties of
assistant assessors for this sum. The enforce-
ment of this law depends altogether upon the
kind of men who are selected as assistant as-
sessors, because they really do the work. It will
be impossible, under the provisions of this bill,
to secure proper and competent men to dis-
charge the duties of assistant assessors at the
rate of compensation which the law allows. It
requires that these men should all rent houses,
in the cities, and those houses cannot be ob-
tained at less than from four to four hundred
and fifty dollars. That will leave them for
actual expenses seven or eight hundred dollars.
The kind of men required to perform this duty
cannot, in my judgment, be procured for that
pay. They are certainly men of a superior
stamp to those who are required for first-class
clerkships in this oity. Most of them are men
of families, and it is important that there should
be appointed men of that stamp, substantial
men who may be raised above all temptation
to fraud or any inducement to raise money
other than that which may be legitimate and
proper and honest; and I therefore think that
the sum of five dollars a day is -compensation
small enough for that order of men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The original provision
was three dollars a day. They made a very
considerable talk about "it, and we put it np to
