2430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states circuit court in virginia.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill regulating the time and place for holding
the circuit court of the United States'in the
district of Virginia, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
now that the Chief Justice will perform his duty,
and not try to place the blame on the President.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
employes in tiiis departments.
Mr. SMITH. I did not hear the State of
Kentucky called, being occupied at the time,
and I ask leave to introduce the following res-
olution :
Revolved, That the Secretary of State, Secretary
of War, Secretary of the Treasury, Seeretaiy of the
Navy, Secretary ofthc Interior, Post master General,
and Attorney General be requested to report to the
House the number of clerks, male and female, now in
their respective Departments,from whieh States they
were appointed, and what was their occupation
before appointment.
Mr. FAE,NS W0 RTH. _ I object.
The SPEAKER. This resolution being a
call for executive information it requiresunan-
inious consent.
Mr._ SMITH. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman will
look in the Blue Book lie-will find all he wants.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to make this statement:
it was hut a few days ago that I saw the rec-
ommendation of a man who had just come out
ofthc rebel army for appointment in some of
the Departments, and but for the fact that he
could not take the oath would have been there
now. 1 understand there are efficient, capa-
ble, good men, who wish appointments who
have served their country, who havo one arm
or one leg, who desire positions, while there
are those who have never been in the service
at all who have obtained appointments. I
wish to ascertain and have the country know
these facts, and therefore I introduce this reso-
lution. I wish to see men who are deserving
rewarded by the Government they have served.
That is all the object I have in introducing this
resolution, and 1 hope the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. earnswortii] will withdraw his
objection and let the resolution be passed.
'I he SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Illinois withdraws his
objection. Is there unanimous consent to the
introduction of the resolution?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest that the
■word "requested'' be changed to "directed."
Mr. SMITH. I have no objection. I sup-
posed the word "requested" would bring the
information.
_ The SPEAKER. The usage of the House
■ is, where information is desired of the Presi-
dent, to use the word "requested," but where
it applies to Cabinet ministers to use the word
"directed."
Mr. GARFTELD. Should not that be in
the form ot a joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. The House directs Cabi-
net officers to report about anything.
Mr. MERCUR. I suggest to add to the
resolution the words, "also those, if any, who
have been in the confederate army, givin«- the
names, number, and residences." °
Mr. SMITH. I- do not understand that to
be the case, but I have no objection to the
amendment being made.
Mr. MORRIS. I suggest that the resolu-
tion embrace the further inquiry, how many
of the family occupy positions.
Mr. SMITH. If we can arrive at the fact
without incumbering it too heavily I have
no objection. And I will not object if the
House will allow me to include inquiry into
the custom-house at New York. Because I
will state that men who have been in the ser-
vice and who have been promoted to the high-
est rank have actually begged their bread in
the streets of New York because of the re-
fusal of the place of watchman in these depart-
ments that are within the gift of the Govern-
ment, while others who have not in any way
helped to defend the country have been the
beneficiaries of those departments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I like the objectof
this resolution, but I hope my friend will per-
mit it to be modified by directing the heads of
Departments also to state by whom those sev-
eral clerks were recommended for appoint-
ment. Let us know if there are any rebels in
the Departments and who recommended them.
Mr. SMITH.. I will accept that—and "by
whom recommendedand I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RADFORD. I call for the reading of
the resolution as modified.
The resolution, as modified, was read, as
follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State, the Secre-
tary of "War, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Sec-
retary ofthc Nary, the Secretary of the Interior, the
Postmaster General, and the Attorney General be
directed to report the number of cleiks, male and
female, now in their respective Departments, from
which States they were appointed, and what was
their occupation before appointment; and also, the
names, number, and residences, if any, of such as
haro been in the late rebel army, and by whom the
latter class were recommended for appointment.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to modify the reso-
lution by inserting the words " and the num-
ber who have served in the Union Army."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. That is right; let
us see bow many there are there.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
district of columbia.
* Mr. WELKER introduced a bill to annul
the thirty-fourth section of the declaration of
rights of the State of Maryland so far as it
applies to the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
documents tor globe reporters.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved,_That the House reporters of the Con-
gresMonal Globe be furnished with three copies each
of all bills and resolutions printed by order of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will those
copies be taken from the number which mem-
bers receive? There is a standing order as to
the number of copies which shall be printed.
I should like to know if these copies are to
come out of that number. I have no objection
to the resolution. I think the reporters should
have copies of these bills and resolutions, but
it should be in addition to the regular number
printed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. Under the standing
rnle a sufficient number of copies is printed to
supply what is called for by this resolution.
Mr. ASITBURNE, of Illinois. It maybe
so in some instances, but I think the resolution
had better be modified so as to provide for the
printing of an additional number of copies.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. There is no need of
increasing the number. There is a sufficient
number printed to supply this demand. I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
transfer of agricultural department.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question;
Resolved, That the Committeo on Agriculture be ;
instructed to inquire into the expediency of remov-
ing theDepartmenf of Agriculture to oncof tiio West-
ern States, and that .said committee report by bill or
otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
printing op smithsonian report.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
resolution ; which was read and referred, under
the law, to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
Report of the Smithsonian Institution be printed, two
thousand for tha Institution and three thousand for
the use of the members of the House.
distribution of ordnance.
Mr. SCHENCKmtroducedajointresolution
relating to the distribution of ordance and ord-
nance stores among the States; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Afiairs.
reconstruction committee.
Mr. BOYER submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question, and called for the yeas
and nays:
Whereas the joint committee of fifteen on recon-
struction reported on the 30th ultimo, after tho
arduous labors of five months' continuous incu-
bation, a well-matured plan of "how not to do it,"
in whieh they have fully met tho expectations of the
country, which is as much as ought ordmanly to be
demanded of any committee: Tliercfoie,
Resolved by the House of Uevrcsentatives (the Senate
concurring,) Thatsaidjoint committeebeaischarged.
Mr. BROMWELL. I move to lay that res-
olution on the table.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 24, not voting
59 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delosli, Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Lcaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bing-
ham. Blow, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broonisil, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Defrees, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Dnggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Farnbworth, Ferry,
Garfield, Griswoid, AbnerC. Harding, Hart, Hender-
son, Holmes, Hotchki«s, Asahel W. Hubbard, .Tames
Humphrey, Jenckes, Julian, Ivasson, Kelley, Kelso,
Ketcham, Latlin, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, JIc-
Clurg, Mclndoe, McKee, McKuer, Mereur, Miller,
Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, O Neill,Orth, P'-ime,
Perham, Pike, Plants, William it. Randal!, Ray-
mond, John It. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schciick. Seo-
tidd.Shcllabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Fran-
cis Tnoinas, John L. Tnomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn, Warner, Ehhu B.
Washburne, Henry D. "Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whalcy, Williams, James Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Boyer, CoJi'roth, Dawson, Denison,
Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Gridcr, Aaron Hard-
ing, Harris, Keir, Lc Blond, Marshall, is lblack, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Rirter. Rogers, Snank-
lin, Sitgreaves, birouse, Taylor, Thornton, and
WiiifieId-24.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona. Baiker, Bergen,
Blaine, Brandegee, Bucldand. Bttndy, Chanler, Cul-
ver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Kggleston, lar-
quhar, Goodyear, Grinnell, Hale, llaye's, Higby, Hill,
Hogan, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbaid, Dcraas Hab-
baid, John 11. Hubbard, Kdwin N. llubbell, James
R. llubbell, llulburd, James M. Humphiey, lnger-
soll. Johnson, Jones, Kuykendall, Maraton, Marvin,
MeCullough, Moorhead. Newell, Nicholson, Nocll,
Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Price. Alexander II.
Rice, ltoss, Rousseau. Sloan, Smith, Stair, Tabor,
Thayer, Trimble. Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Went"
worth, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wright—59.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
distribution of assassination rewards.
Mr. KELLEY submitted the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the fairness and propriety of
the award of the rewards offered for the arrest of
Jeficrson Davis and the conspirators to murder Pres-
ident Lincom; and that the Committee on Appro-
priations be instructed to take no action onthesame
until tile Committee of Claims shall huve repoi ted
the result oi their investigations and the House taken
action thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. kelley] explain the neccs- '
sity for the passage of such a resolution as this ?
Mr. KELLEY. _ I will very gladly give an
explanation of it if the House will permit.
