406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
doubt that many of those objections would be
removed. One objection, in my judgment, is
not well taken; it is the objection that if rep- j
resentation be based upon suffrage there would j
be undue measures taken in the various States |
to enlarge the basis of suffrage for the purpose
ofincreasing their representation here.^ In other
words, the States that now have restricted suf-
frage would adopt universal suffrage, and all
restrictions upon the white suffrage of the vari-
ous States would be removed. I say, for one,
that that is an end which, instead of fearing, I
would like to see accomplished by an amend-
ment of this character.
Sir, upon this matter of restricted suffrage
we have a history, and we know the history of
other countries in relation to it. We know that
wherever any State or countryhasatoneegone
to the bottom of the matter and adopted uni-
versal suffrage, a great many difficulties have
been avoided that otherwise have clogged the_
legislation of countries where the principle of
restricted suffrage has been in operation. The
other day I had the curiosity, in the law library,
to examine the origin of restricted suffrage bv
law; and I hold in my hand the volume in which
is recorded the first law upon this subject. It
was based upon a misrepresentation, as it always
has been continued on misrepresentation; and
with the permission of the House I will read
what lJume calls the remarkable preamble of
the law of Henry VI, which is the first law upon
the statute-book providing for qualified suffrage.
The law was passed in 1 f'Ji), and provides "what
sort of men shall be choosers, and who shall bo
chosen Knights of the Parliament." The pre-
amble says:
" Whoreas tlio elections "f of f.hire:: chosen
to come to the piuhnmonN ol' our lord llii" Km?, in
many counties ot linKlimil, ha.vo now of late been
made liy vcry^rcjif foufra.:;cou.->l .iwt (.wiuvsivo nurn-i
lier ol' people fiwellintr within ti.o •.•.line eounlti-., (of
tlio reafm of Kn^IandJ of (lie winch most p;irt was
by people of small substmiee, or of no i jliio, whereof
every ot thorn pretended to have a voieo equivalent,
an to making such elections, with the most worthy
knights and esquires dwelling within the sauio enmi-
ties, whereby"'—
Now mark the language used here:
"whereby manslaughters, riots, batteries, and divis-
ions amour: the gentlemen, and other people of tho
same counties, nhoU writ hkchi riw and ho. unless con-
venient and duo remedy ho provided in this behalf.''
Upon this (juostiou of restricted suffrage, !he
Parliament of Great Britain has been exercised
from that day to this with agitations arising
from the effort to get rid of the restrictions
which were initiated by that statute of Henry
VI—an agitation that ts to-day Mill iroing on,
and which, 1 hope, will not cease until suilVago
shall be as free in Kugland as it is in tho State
of Maine.
Sir, the history of elections falsifies the very
remarkable preamble to the statute to which I
have referred, for in Kugland everywhere, at
tlic hustings and at the polls, during election
contests, candidates are treated with more vio-
lence than they are in anvseetiou nf this coun-
try, not even excepting tin1 city of New York.
The most amusing descriptions of the scenes
which occur are given by out writers. I received
the other day a letter Irom an acute observer,
who described Low he saw the distinguished Mr.
Hill treated on the hustings during tlio recent, j
election contest; how he stood there sawing the
air and gesticulating before a mob of people, !
who, in their confusion arid disorder, could not !
hear a word that ho said ; and how oilier gen- j
tlemen were driven from the stand with black j
eyes and bloody noses and torn clothes. It is j
quite certain that the disorders the statute of j
Henry was nominally designed to avoid are by
no means out of date.
Tho whole history of restricted suffrage shows
fhal it is better for the electors and better for
those who are chosen that all persons of due
age, who are citizens of the country, shall be
allowed their voice, however humble or linw-
et or potential it may be, in saying who shall
make their laws.
For these reasons, thus briefly expressed, I
shall vote for the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. JKELLE1". Mr. Speaker, when the
amendment under consideration was first intro-
duced to the House, I avowed, in the course of
a colloquy with the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Rogers,] my irrevocable hostility to it,
because I discovered in it the consequences
which have been so glowingly depicted by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellaijargek, ] tlie
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
and the gentleman from Maine, [Sir. Pike.] I
had the honor yesterday to submit a substitute
embracing a proviso guarding against the con-
clusion which I, in common with those gen-
tlemen, apprehend might be warranted by the
original amendment, and I wish to say that, if
it should be determined, by a majority of those
gentlemen with whom I have labored here for
the last four years to maintain our Union, that
the amendment should be passed with that pro-
viso, it shall not fail for the want of my vote.
In the course of my remarks on the 10th in-
stant. I took occasion to point out a slight error
in constitutional law into which the President
seemed to have fallen. I did it as kindly and
respectfully as J could, saying that the great and
pressing duties in which he had been engaged
as military governor of Tennessee, and in the
high office to which he had been so suddenly and
unexpectedly called, had prevented him from
studying the question historically. But my dis-
tinguished friend from Iowa, [Mr. Kakson*,]
who, I am sorry to see, is not now in his scat,
seemed to think that I had spoken "somewhat
patronizingly" of'the President. Sir, 1 am in-
capable of assuming to "pationize" so distin-
guished a functionary as the President of the
United States. I am a " incapable of that as 1
am of flattering the official fountain of honor
and political cornucopia of our country. If is
not often said of me thnt 1—
" Orook the prefrnaut hinges of 1 he kiieo,
Where limit may follow lawnins."
And f entertain too much respect for any man
who may have been called to fill so distinguished
a place, as that of the Presidency of the United
States to attempt to patronize him.
The gentleman from Iowa took exception to
my apprehension of the very explicit remarks
of Mr. Madison in the Virginia convention that
ratified the Constitution of the United Stales.
He said that the clause to which those remarks
referred did not and was not intended to give
Congress the right to regulate suffrage m the
States, even as to the election of members of
Congress and President. This was the gentle-
man's language:
" ft is evident that by the word ' manner' is meant
sometime.; else; perhaps whether by ballot or viva
vorr, by general tiuket or by separat e di: tiiets, and all
other Unne;s (hat come properly under tho term ' man-
ner.' ISut it evidently was never yitoTidod hy .Mr.
Madison, or by the fi.imei s of tbe Constit utioo, or by
tho peoplew ilea thevadopted it, that tbe beirisiaturos
and conventions of tho several states mi,';ht be do-
pji\ ed of the power to say wjio would he the quali-
fied eleetoi s of the State l.eici^iatm e-.. and indii eet !y,
the qualiticd electors of members ol Congress."
Having interrupted him to invito his more
particula r attention to the language of .Mr Mad-
ison. 1 promised the gentleman that. I would
produce further authority on the point, which
1 did not happen to have by me at the time;
and I trespass now for a brief moment upon
the attention of the House that I may make
good that promise, and show that. James Madi-
son himself, on the Hli of August, 1787. on the
floor of the Convention that framed the Con-
stitution of the United States, carefully and
elaborately excluded tbe conclusion announced
by the gentleman from Iowa, ami vindicated
the doctrine which I presented to the House
and maintain.
The extract which I propose to read is from
Mr. Madison's report ol' the doings of that Con-
vention. and is found in the fluid volume of
the Madi.-ou Papers, published by authority of
Congress in 18-K). This volume, gentlemen
will remember, contains Mr. Madison's min-
utes of the debates and action of the Conven-
tion.
But before proceeding to read it, let me
remark that what is now article four of the
Constitution was article six in the draft of the
Constitution submitted to the Convention ; and
that that body had not adopted " Congress" as
the title of the national Legislature, and there-
fore invariably spoke of it as the ''national
Legislature.'' These suggestions will probably
make the matter I propose to submit to the
House more clear.
It being, as 1 have said, on the Otli of August,
I find on pages 1279 to 1282 as follows:
"Article vi, section one, was then taken up.
"Mr. Madison and Mr. GouverxeurMorrjs moved
to strike out4 each House,' and to insert' the House
ot Representatives;' the right of the Legislatures to
regulate the times and places, &c., in the election of
Senators being involved in the right of appointing*
them; which was disagreed to.
"A division of the question being called for, it was
taken on the first part down to 'but their provisions
concerning,' &c.
"The first part was agreed to, nem. con.
"Mi.Pinckxky and Mi'.Hutledck moved to strike
out the remaining part, namely, ' but their provisions
concerning them may ot any time be altered by the
Legislature ot the United States.' The States, they
contended, could and must be relied on in such eases.
"Mr. Gorham. It would be as improper to take
this power irom the national Legislature: as to re-
stiaiu the Ihitisb Parliament fiorn regulating the cir-
cumstance* of elections, leaving this business to the
counties themselves.
"Mr. M \dison. The necessity of a General Govern-
ment supposes that the State Legislatures will some-
times fail or rehire to conMilt the common interest at
the expense ot their local convenience or prejudices.
The policy of icieri tug the appointment oi the House
of .Representatives to the people, and not to the Legis-
latures of the States, supposes that tbe result will bo
somewhat influenced by the mode. This view of the
question seems to decide that the Legislatures of the
States ought not to have the uncontrolled lhUit of
regulating the times, places, and manner of holding
elections. It was impossible to foresee all the abuses
that might be made of the discretionary power.
Whether the electors should vote by ballot or viva
twv should assemble at this place or that, place;
should 1)0 divided into districts or all meet at 0110
place; should all vote ior all the representatives, or
all in a. district vote {or a number allotted to the dis-
trict; thc-e and many other points vwmlddepend on
the Lem-laUuv^ and might matciiully uilcet the ap-
pointment-. Whenever the State Legislatures had a
| las orite measure to carry, tliev would lake care so to
mold (heir regulations a* to i'.i\of tlu candidaie^thcy
wished (v'.Mircoeil. besides, the inemiahb ol the rep-
resentation in the' Legislating of particular States
\vould pioduce a like inequality in then representa-
tion in the national Lcgi^luhue, as it wn.. presumable
that the counties having the po\^ er in the former rase
would secure it to themselves in the latter. What
danger could there be in giving a controlling power
to tho national Legislature? Of whom was it toeon-
sist? Fiist, of a Senate to be chosen bv the State
Legislatures. 3 f the latter, therefoi e, could be ti Ubtcd,
their llepvesentatives could not he dangerous. Sec-
ondly. ot Representatives elected by the same people
who elect the btntc Legislature. Surel.\ ,then, if con-
fident e is flue to the latPr, it wiisl be due to tho
lormer. It seemed as improper in principle, though
it might he less inconvenient m p  act ice, to give to tho
State Lc'-ridntures this great authoi itv o^ er the elec-
tion of the Representatives of the people in t he general
Legislature, as it would he to gi\ e to the latter a like
power over the election ot their representatives m the
State Legislature.
"Mr. Krxo. 11 this power he not jriven to the na-
tional Legislature, their mh! o I judging oi I,ho returns
of their members may be frustrated, is'o piobabilny
has been suggested oi' its being abused by them. Al-
though this scheme of erecting the Genera! Govern-
ment on the authority ol the State Legislatures has
l>e< n fatal to the Federal establishment, it would
seem as if many geiitlenicnstiil foster the dangerous
idea.
"Mr. Got \ i' hm i rMorkisobserved thattheSintes
nmht inuke j'aLe returns, and then ma ke no pi ovis-
ions for new elections.
"Mr. Sui:km did notknowbutit murht be be-f to
retain the clause, though he had himself Milhoicnt
confidence in t he Shite Legi-diirnres
"The morion of Mr. prnckinky and Mr. Butlkdgk
did not pi evail.
"The word 'respectively'was inserted after the
word 'State.5
" Gil the motion of Mr. Hi: vd, the word 'their' was
struck out, and 'regulation-* in such cases'insci ted in
place of ' pro vision* eo ncerrnur them,' the clause then
reading: 'but regulations m each of the foregoing
cases may, at any time, he made or altered by tho
Lo'-rishttui e of the UnitcdState^.' This wa-s meant to
g i\ el he national Legislaturea power not only to alter
the pio\ i^ions of the States but to make regulations
m e;i-*e the Statu- should frdl or refuse altogether
"Articles i, section one, as thus amended, was agreed
to, <;oa,
"Adjourned.''
And so, Mr. Speaker, that great day's busi-
ness 'dosed, leaving to us in this hour of trial
for our country a rule of action which, if ad-
lieicd to, will settle all our difficulties and estab-
lish the fact that there is on earth a Jtepublic
foundedupon the imprescriptible rights ot man,
in which thehumblestrnau. when he recounts his
political rights, sets forth all that the strongest,
the wisest, and the proudest may claim. Social
inequalities there will be, and natural inequali-
ties are ordained of God; but when our fathers
