1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
each day's history was but developing some new
phase of those problems and adding to them
more complications and embarrassments. Sir.
whatever may be the desire of others, theloyal
American people desire no haste in this matter.
With infinite joy they would hail, from any
source, a plan which should so restore political
rights to those States as to insure domestic
tranquillity and promote the general welfare.
As yet, sir, they have seen no such plan. The
practical workings of the course pursued since
the surrender of the armies of the rebellion,
unexpectedly and unforeseen as I most ear-
nestly insist, unfortunately has been but to
encourage and develop hostility to the Govern-
ment. In sorrow, sir, I utter it, but my un-
willing conviction is that the experiment has
failed. On the 3d of the present month the
Governorof Tennessee, the State most favorably
regarded in this House and by the country, was
compelled, by revolutionary action of members
of the Legislature of that State, hostile to this
Government as well as to its own loyal people,
to issue a proclamation, from which I beg per-
mission to have read the following extracts.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"It is my painful duty to announce that civil gov-
ernment is again imperiled in the State of Tennes-
see. The events of the last three weeks give rise to
serious apprehensions that a large portion of our
people have not sufficiently recovered from the de-
moralitine effects of the late rebellion to enable
them to appreciate the blessings of peace; that their
passions have not sulGciently cooled to enable them
to avoid a relapse into anarchy or military rule.
44 A small minority of twenty-one members of the
House of Representatives, by factious and revolu-
tionary proceedings, have succeeded in breaking up
the Legislature and paralyzing the State government.
I characterize thin conduct as revolutionary because
it was violative of the spirit of the constitution and
laws, and arrested the machinery of the State gov-
ernment as effectually as if the same had been done
by force of arras.
"They have been able, under the construction of
parliamentary law which prevailed in the House, to
reduce it below what was held to be a quorum for the
transaction of business, and the great body of the
member* of both Houses have gone to their homes,
and legislation has entirely ceased.
" When an important measure of State policy was
proposed, a measure referred to and a duty imposed
upon this Legislature by the amended constitution,
they either withdrew from their seats or remained
and refused to answer to their names when called,
the Speaker holding that a member in his seat re-
fusing to answer was not present so as to be counted
as part of a quorum. After worrying the majority in
this way for several weeks, and after the consulta-
tions of the convention of the 22d February, they
have publicly announced their secession from the
Legislature, through the newspapers, in a document
that will not fail to remind its readers of the address
of the Legislature of 1801. who transferred the State
to the southern confederacy.
"The pretext for this legislative rebellion was a
Proposition to discharge the duty imposed upon the
.cgislaturo by the ninth section of the schedule to
the amended constitution, which provides for *the
limitation of the elective franchise' by this Legisla-
ture. There was nothing new or startling in this
measure. From the earliest inception of the idea of
reorganizing a State government upon the ruins of
the rebellion, the policy of disfranchising those who
had lately destroyed the State government, and at-
tempted to destroy the national Government, was
deemed a necessity, and was adopted and rigidly
executed. In the election held on the 22d of Febru-
ary, 1865, upon the adoption of the amended constitu-
tion, rebels were all disfranchised by an oath which
required every voter to swear that ho was * an enemy
of the so-called confederate States.'
*' This same course was pursued in the election for
(Governor and members of the Geueral Assembly in
March, 1865. The military governor naturally be-
lieved that those who had wantonly destroyed the
irovernrnent were not the proper persons to rebuild
it,or to administer it when reestablished. This policy
and principle of disfranchisement was a feature of
the amended constitution approved by the qualified
voters of the State. No subject has been more thor-
oughly discussed and understood by all classes for the
last year than thi.-« subject of disfranchising the dis-
loyal. Several of the seceding members were also
members of theeonvention which adopted it into the
schedule, and sustained it before the people, and
accepted office under it, and arc therefore estopped
from denying its binding force. All of them had been
elected under a law or proclamation disfranchising
rebels. The pretense thatthemcasurewassprungupon
them suddenly is therefore most mamfestlya subter-
fugo to cover up the attcra^pt at disorganization, #
44 The resigning members appeal to their constitu-
ents to sustain themt and most of them are announced
as candidates for reelection to the places they have
just made vacant under a pledge, of course, again to
withdraw from their seats, and again to break up the
Legislature. This discloses thewhole planof thecon-
sptraey. They ask their constituents to approve their
act, and to send them back to repeat it. This will
place their constituents in the attitude of disorgan-
izes, commit them tt a rebellion against the State
government, and render futile any attempt to fill the
vacancies by writs of election, as the same routine
frould be repeated. The danger to the State is there-
fore imminent. Should the civil government fail, the
military authorities will take the control of the State,
and it is not likelythattheGencralGovernmentwili,
at an early day* permit a people who will have dis-
playedsuch incapaeityforself-govornmentto attempt
another State organization. Nor is it likely, if the
effort should be permitted, that the different divis-
ions of the State will agree upon a new constitution*
and discord and a separation may follow.
**********
"Our political prospects, too, are severely injured.
By the acts of a rebellious population we have lost
our representation in the council of the nation. Our
Senators and Representatives arein Washington ask-
ing admission to seats in Congress. That body is
watching all our movements with a view of deter-
mining whether we have an established governmentor
not, and whether those Senators have beensentthere
by a government capable of maintaining its existence
and authority. They may now conclude that our
people are not in a temper for self-government.# Cer-
tainly the opponents of our representation will be
furnished by our present condition with an argument
against our admission.
44 Nor is the moral effect upon the reputation of our
State and people less to be deplored. A large portion
of our people, just out of rebellion, are professingre-
constructed loyalty, while a portion of their repre-
sentatives display not only a rebellious spirit, but a
disregard for tho solemn obligations of legislators,
and are unmindful of that dignity and sense of honor
which should always characterize the statesman.
Mr. HILL. Sir, if this is reconstructed
loyalty, may Heaven save this nation from its
further exhibition.
Sir, as I have already said, it has been al-
leged that no plan of restoration has been
brought forward. I shall not display the im-
pudence of presenting one myself. I have
already indicated what, in my opinion, ought
not to be done, and the general principles
which ought to control in presenting measures
for the purpose of restoration.
Notwithstanding the three months and more
already consumed in this session, I think de-
velopments are not yet sufficient to indicate
what should be the details. To the committee
in whose hands the Senate and this House
have confided this subject I look not entirely
without hope. I see upon it men who in the
darkest hours of the late struggle stood immov-
ably by the Government. They may have
turned traitors now, but I shall need further
evidence before I can yield to that conviction.
Sir, if the four years of desolating war were
all in vain; if the resistance to armed rebellion
was all one grand mistake; if the achievements
of your gallant soldiers, more glorious than any
history had hitherto recorded, were all without
a purpose or an object; if the brave thousands
for whom widows and mothers still weep in un-
availing woe went down to dishonored graves;
if, as the sole fruit of all this mighty revolu-
tion, it is developed at last that your boasted
republican Government is but a farce, and that
in its administration no distinction exists be-
tween those who point the dagger at its vitals,
and those who lay their lives upon its altar,
then open wide these doors, and welcome with
warm embrace those now clamoring for admis-
sion here. Start not back from the grasp of
their stained hands, though they drip with
your brother's blood ; for know that they but
assert their rights, and that it was your folly
that your brother's blood was shed.
But if, on the other hand, your appeal to the
brave and patriotic millions to array themselves
in serried ranks, and march to almost certain
death to save from destruction mankind's last
hope for free government, was not one stupen-
dous lie; if you would not turn to eternal shame
the deeds of valor which are now your highest
glory; if you would not cover with infamy the
graves, yet sacred, where the flesh of your fallen
kindred has scarcely yet moldered back to its
mother earth: if you would not stamp the fratri-
cidal mark of Cain upon the maimed and scarred
survivors, then, in the name of the martyred
dead and mutilated living; in the name of the
great loyal North, whose blood and treasure
werepoured pntlike water in the nation's cause;
in the name of the millions struggling upward
all over this green earth, whose fervent prayers
went up to heaven through all the dread strug-
gle that your armies might succeed, I implore
the members of this House that in this last
grand act, of this great drama, they so shape this
work of reconstruction that the valor of our
Army shall not have all been wasted, and that
the nation shall not lose by legislation here, all
that it so gloritrasly achieved by its armies in
the field; but,
"With malice toward none: with charity for all;
with firmness in the right as Sod gives as to see the
right, let as strive to finish the work we are in; to bind
up the nation's wounds; to care for him who shalx
have borne the battle, and for his widow, and for his
orphan, to do all which may achicvc and cherish a
just and lasting peace among ourselves, and with all
nations."
Mr. DUMONT. Mr. Speaker, as many sup-
pose that the powers of Congress to deal with
the rebel States according to their demerits,
and the deeds done in the body depend upon
the question whether a State can go out of the
Union or forfeit by crime the rights apper-
taining to a loyal State, I propose at the begin-
ning of my remarks to occupy a brief period
with these inquiries. It is quite clear that
South Carolina, for example, since her rebel-
lion has not been in the Union in the sense
that Indiana is in the Union, or out of the
Union in the sense that Yucatan or Ecuador is.
Whether her condition has been and is terri-
torial, colonial, provincial, or what not, is im-
material, provided any of these conditions would
place her under the jurisdiction and control of
Congress until again invested with the rights
she has foi'feited. When so reinstated, Con-
gress of course has no powers except such as
she has over loyal States under the Constitu-
tion.
Under the Constitution powers not delegated
to the Government are reserved to the States,
and that is why a hostile and rebellious State
has no business to participate in the Govern-
ment of the Union. As %vell might we confide
our blessed religion and the sacred Book upon
which it is founded, the Christian's guide and
compass, bulwark and hope, to the keeping of
a set of shameless and blatant infidels. \\ edo
not confide the lamb to the wolf. I have heard
the question asked: is not a Stateand a State
organization one and the same thing as truly
as man's body and his physical organizational
one and the same, so that the State organiza-
tion being destroyed theState itself is destroyed ?
Those who entertain this theory call it being
out of the Union, though the territory of the
State and the people are still subject to the
jurisdiction of the Federal Government.
When the principles of life depart we say the
man is dead, and when dead we say he has
gone to another world, though the body is still
present with us; and why may we not say of
a State, when its government has been over-
thrown, its living principles subverted, gone to
flinders and broken to fragments, that it is out
of the Union? We may not say it, we are told,
because the soil of the State is still here, tho
people are still here, and the two constitute the
State. Might it not as well be said that the
man has not gone to another world because
his body is still here and he has left his farm
and his children behind him? Who can name
the author that has laid down the doctrine of
the perpetuity of a State like that of the im-
mortality of the soul ? Does not the history of
the world prove such a doctrine is false ? Do
not the experience of man and all that ha3
been said and written teach a different lesson?
" The cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palaces,
The solemn temples, the great globe itself.
Yea, all which it.inherit, shall dissolve.
And, like this insubstantial pageant faded.
Leave not a wreck behind."
" The grass withers and the flowers fade, the
word of our God alone endureth forever." Tho
republic of to-day is the despotism of to-mor
row. The pages of history are rife with the
rise, decline, and fall of States and empires,
fabrics which have crumbled before the cor-
roding tooth of time. The formation of a State
is of man; all that is of man is perishable.
Within my short recollection one of the rebel
States has passed through various mutations.
It was first one of the States of the republic
of Mexico, then by a successful revolution it
'became itself an independent republic; then
