3392
THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE.
June 2S>,
are in other States, a class of old banks whose
charters had expired and whose business was
in process of settlement and liquidation before
June, 180J; some of them several years ago.
Some of them had closed up their affairs, dis-
tributed their effects among the stockholders,
and after paying all their effects, they had noth-
ing to do but to redeem the small outstand-
ing circulation. To illustrate it, I will take
the case of the Highland Bank, at Newburg,
in New York. Its charter expired in 1803. By
the laws of New York, trustees were appointed
to settle the affairs of the bank. They went
on and settled the affairs of the bank, paid all
the debts, and distributed the effects among the
stockholders ; but there is a circulation out, of
lost bills probably, of more than five per cent.
If there was less than that amount I see a pro-
vision in the new section here which would
cover it; but there is more than five per cent,
out. For the purpose of covering that, and
meeting those bills if they should come in—
probably they never will—they have deposited
in a national bank the amount of their out-
standing circulation in order to redeem those
bills. Now, by a construction which has been
given by the Commissioner, which I think,
with all respect, is erroneous, he holds that
this bank which had ceased to exist before
this law was passed—it was no bank, no bank-
ing corporation, no banking institution, but
merely a provision made by certain trustees
appointed by law to redeem the outstanding
circulation—he holds that this bank, as he con-
strues it to be, is liable to the tax of three per
cent, a year. They have no interest at all:
they are doing no business; they merely made
the deposit to redeem bills which will probably
never be presented. The provision of this
amendment which I have offered is, that where
a bank had ceased to exist before the law of
180-1 wont into effect it shall not be liable to
taxation under the provisions of that law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
whether such a case would not come under this
provision:
But whenever any hank which has cea-sed to issue
noi.es for circulation shall deposit in the Treasury of
the Uni ted States in lawful money, the amount of its
outstanding circulation, to be redeemed at par under
such legulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe, it shall be exempt from any taxa-
tion.
Mr. HARRIS. I have thought of that, and
I have been looking at that to-day, and I am
not sure that it would not cover this case ; but
it would require these trustees to break up their
arrangements for the redemption of their bills,
to take their deposits from the bank where they
are now and place them in a sub-Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why should they not
do it?
Mr. HARRIS. It would be no advantage to
the Government at all. I thought this amend-
ment would be perhaps judicious, notwith-
standing that provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. To require them to de-
posit the amount of outstanding circulation in
the Treasury in order to relieve from tax would
be rather burdensome, because the outstanding
circulation is really a cumulative property made
years and years ago. It would hardly be fair
to make them sin-render that in order to get
the benefit of exemption from tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
Ohio thinks the amendment is right, I have no
objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any partic-
ular objection to the amendment, as it is to
guard against a harsh construction of law, if
the banks have gone entirely out of existence.
Mr. HARRIS. That is provided for in the
amendment. It refers to banks whose char-
ters had expired before the law of 1864 took
effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 153, line thirty-five
hundred and seventy-two, I move to strike out
"three months" and insert " one year so
that the proviso will read:
Provided also. That no claim for drawback on any
articles of merchandise exported prior to Juno 30,
1864, shall be allowed, unless presented to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue within one year after
this amendment takes effect.
I will state why I make this motion. I have
no objection to the statute of limitations apply-
ing to such a case as this. On the contrary, I
approve of it; but three months is too short a
time. Those that are entitled to drawbacks in
the city of New York, where perhaps most
of these claims arise, have great trouble in
getting them through the custom-house, so as
to prepare them to be presented to the Com-
missioner, and it will perhaps do injustice to
limit them to so short a period as three months.
I am told there are very great delays in the
custom-house.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
does not exactly understand the proviso which
reads:
Provided also. That no claim for drawback on any
articles of merchandise exported prior to June 30,
1804, shall be allowed, unless presented to the Com-
missioner of Internal Kevenue within three months
after this amendment takes effect.
They have already had two years.
Mr. HARRIS. Tha.t is so; and yet I am
told that there are claims of this sort coming
within the provision of this section which are
still pending in the custom-house, and they are
not able to present them. I do not want any-
body to be injured by it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has prob-
ably been informed about it. Two years is an
abundance of time_; and this provision is to
head off a great evil. There are a parcel of
sharks in the city of New York who make it
their business to hunt up old claims, anything
they can make fortunes out of; and when par-
ties have had two years allowed them for the
absolute presentation of their claims, we want
to cut them off after that time, allowing them
three months more. The people who have
them never would think of them; in ninety-
nine cases of a hundred they do not know any-
thing about them until they are informed by
those who make a living in that way, who are
continually hunting up things of this sort. I
presume the Senator gets his information from
them. We want to cutoff these old claims,
giving the parties throe months more in which
to present them, in addition to the two years
they have already had.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Maine
certainly has no right to indulge in any such
presumption as that I get any information from
anybody who should be called a shark.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not suppose my
friend has any affinity with the sharks.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Maine
ought to be assured that I get my information
from a gentleman for whom I am willing to
vouch on this floor. I understand that there
are claims that have been lying for a long while
in the custom-house. If this limitation were
to be made applicable to the custom-house
instead of to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue I would have no objection to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All they have to do is
to present their claims. They do not have to
make them out.
Mr. HARRIS. They cannot present them
to the Commissioner until they go through the
custom-house.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, they can.
There is no difficulty about it in the world.
We give them three months to present their
claims to the Commissioner, and then they can
take all the time that is necessary to make
them out.
Mr. HARRIS. I will compromise with the
Senator from Maine and make it six months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it is a
case of compromise.
Mr. HARRTS. I will change my amend-
ment by making it six months.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to suggest an
amendment on page 1G3. It is to insert after
line forty-five of section eleven the free list,
" flax-and the manufactures thereof."
The law now exempts all yarns, twine, and
everything made from flax, except when it is
made into cloths. The object of the amend-
ment is to exempt from tax cloths made from
flax. It may not be known to the Senate, but
nevertheless the fact is that there is not a
manufactory in the United States of linen.
Shirt-bosoms, handkerchiefs, and things of
that sort, to the value of twenty or thirty mil-
lion dollars a year, are imported. It is very
well known that Congress, in 1863, exempted
from duty flax machinery for two purposes;
one was to encourage the manufacture of the
article in the country, and the other was to
create a demand for flax culture, with the idea
of varying our productive industry and also our
manufacturing. I am-told that that machinery
has now arrived in this country; but cloth
made from flax being included in the ordinary
tax upon manufactured articles, that machinery
must remain useless. It cannot be used so as
to compete? in the present state of the tariff,
with the low prices of goods sent to this coun-
try. If, however, they are relieved from this
tax it will creatTe an interest equal, as far as
it goes, to that of the cotton interest and man-
ufacturing of the country. The Government
having encouraged the introduction of the
machinery into the country, it seems to me
every principle of interest, right, and justice
would suggest that when they have received it
they should be protected in its operation.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island that he insert the word
'' cloth'' in connection with the word '' thread''
wherever it occurs. His amendment now goes
too far, as I understand it. It would exempt
linseed oil, which is one of the manufactures
of flax. That, I suppose, he does not intend •
to exempt.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is exempted now.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it on the free list?
Mr. SHERMAN. All vegetable oils are
placed on the free list by this bill.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 11, noes 2; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that
the whole amount of flax,manufactured in this
country probably does not amount to $50,000
a year, so far as I have heard of the manufac-
ture. It is not manufactured anywhere but in
one or two places in Massachusetts. If we
had such a manufacture it would consume a
production of our soil which is now utterly
worthless and thrown out on the manure heaps.
It may render that of some value which is now
of no value. I feel disposed to favor the amend-
ment. The tax does not yield us any revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My objection is that
wo do not know much about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We know that the flax
in the country is produced simply for the seed.
The oil is pressed from the seed, and then the
stalk is thrown out and not used at all; it goes
to waste and is good for nothing. They are
now beginning to use it, and when they use it
for twine and rope it is free, but if converted
into cloth it is not free. I do not suppose that
there are over $50,000 of linen goods made in
this country, as far as I know or have ever
Mr. CHANDLER. The manufacture of
cloth from flax yarns is a manufacture we have
been trying for years to encourage, and I cer-
tainly hope this amendment will be adopted.
As the Senator from Ohio says, the product is
very small, but there is a very great desire to
enlarge it. Of course the importations of flax
and the products of flax are very heavy, and it
is for the interest certainly of this Government
to promote the production of the manufactures
of flax. Perhaps no country on earth is so
well adapted to the raising of flax as this, and
there is no reason on earth why we should not
manufacture our own articles of that material.
I hope the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island will prevail.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Senator from
Rhode Island has already stated flax machinery
is exempted from taxation. I find in section
ninety-six of the existing law that "flax pre-
pared for textile or felting purposes, until actu-
ally woven," is also exempt from duty. This
