2432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
be friends, as the great men of the American Rev-
olution intended us to be? If {hey, in the moment
of separation and of war, looked forward to a period
of peace and of friendship, why should we, more than
three quarters of a century after these events, keep
up sentiments of irritation and hostility founded on
a mistaken apprehension of facts, and tending to lay
the foundation of permanent alienation, suspicion,
and ill-will? .
As Air. .Bancroft's speech is likely to have very
extensive publicity, I reserve to myself the power of
making: public this letter at such time as I shall
judge fit.
I remain, my dear Mr. Adams, your faithful ser-
vant, RUSSELL.
P. S. I subjoin an extract of my speech on the
30th of May, 18(51, as reported in Hansard's Debates.
Mr. Bancroft to Mr. Adams ia reply.
Kew York, March 23,1866.
My Dear Mr. Adams: I have received from you,
by Lord Russell's desire, a copy of his letter to you
of 28th February last, in which he denies the truth of
certain allegations in my address to Congress on the
12th of the same month. The passage which he cites
contains these three allegations: that as British Sec-
retary of State for Foreign Aifairshe viewed this Re-
public as "the late Union;" that he sent this view of
our country through the palaces of Europe; and that
he made haste to do so. When Lord Russell calls to
mind the authority for these statements, he must ac-
knowledge them to be perfectly jiu-t and tiue,
Onthetfthday of May, 1861, Lord John Russell, then
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, wrote achspatch
to Lord Lyons, in which he desoiibes the condition of
America as " the disruption of a confederacy," and
he further used these words: "Civil war has broken
out between the several States ol thelate Union.. The
government of thesouthern portion has duly consti-
tuted it«elf. Her Majesty's Government do notwUh
you to make any mystery of that view." Here is irref-
ragable proof of my first allegation.
On tho day on which the minister of the Queen thus
wrotehe addressed adispatch to Lord Cowley, her Ma-
jesty's embassador at Paris, designating our Republic
as " the States which lately composed the American
Union;" "the late United States;'' "thelateUnion:"
and he inclosed in that dispatch, for Lord Cowley's
instruction, a copy of the above citcd letter to Lord
Lyons. Having thus ostentatiously communicated his
view of our country as" thelate Union," ho asked in
return "to be made acquainted with the views ofthe
Imperial Government." My second allegation is
thereiore trucin letter and m spitit.
That Lonl John Russell, as Secretary of State, was
in haste to do this, appears irom his noth a ving awaited
the arrival of tho American minister ot Mr. Lincoln's
appointment, and from thos£ veiy letters ot tho 6th
ol May, 1861, to Lord Cowley and to Lord Lyons; for
in those letters lie confesses that lie had not as yet
" received irom Lord Lyons any report of the state
of affairs and of the prospects ot thescveral parties"
bat tlnit on coming to the decision which was so mo-
mentous and unprecedented, he acted on the reports
of "some consuls" and "of the public prints."
It is true that twenty-four days after Lord John
Russell had officially described our country as " the
disruption ot a confederacy," "the late United
Slates," "the late Union," he reproved a member of
the llousc ot Commons lor openly exulting " that the
great republican bubble in Ametica had burst;" and
owned "that the^ Republic had been for many years
a great and free State;" but he uttered no expectation
or hope of the restoration of our Union, and rather
intimated that tho Americans were " about tode^Uoy
each other's happiness and freedom." Lord John, on
that occasion, rightly attributed the rebellion to the
"accursed institution of slavery," and confessed that
England was tho giver of "tho poisoned garment;"
that tho lormcr governments of Great Bntain were
"themselves to blame for the origin of the evil." But
this confession must be interpreted by tho light of his
averments on the 6th of Mtfy, 1861, and by Lord Rus-
sell's later assertion, that the efforts of our countiy
were but a. contest for " empire."
Tn speaking to the American Congress of the life
and chaiacter of Abraham Lincoln, it was my una-
voidable duty to refer to the conduct of the British
Government tow.ad our country during his adminis-
tration, for nothing so wounded his feelings or exer-
cised his judgment or tried Ins fortitude.
I was asked to address the two Houses of our Con-
gress, and those only. When I learned that the Brit-
ish minister at Washington was likely to be one of
my hearers, I requested Mr. Seward to advise him not
to be present; and through another friend I sent him
a similar message, which he received and perfectly
understood.
I need not recall words of ninety years ago to be
persuaded that in peace America and the United
Kinguom should be friends. I have a right to say
thi^.tor when in the public service I proved it by
public acts; and as a private citizen I have never
wishedourGovernmentto demand of a foreignPower
anything but justice.
Pray send Lord Russell a copy of this letter, which
he is at liberty to publish; and I consider myself
equally at liberty to publish his letter, to which this
U a reply.
1 am cvei, uiydcar Mr. Adam?, very truly yours
GKORGE BANCROFT.
North America, !STo. 3. Presented to Parliament,
1802, (LXXI.)
Lord J\ Russell to Earl Cowley.
Poreion" Office, May 6,1861.
My Lokd: Although her Majesty's Government
have leccivcd no dispatches from Lord Lyons by the
mail which has just arrived, tho communication
between Washington and New York being inter-
rupted, yet the accounts which have reached them
from some of her Majesty's consuls, coupled with
what has appeared in the public prints, are sufficient
to show that a civil war has brokon out among the
States which lately composed the American Union.
Other nations have, therefore, to consider the lignt
in which, with reference to that war, tht-y are to re-
gard tho confederacy into which the southern States
have united themselves; and it appears to her Maj-
esty's Government that, looking at all the Circum-
stances of the case, they cannot hesitate to admit
that such confederacy is entitled to be considered as
a belligerent, and, as such, invested with all the
rights and prerogatives of a belligerent.
1 have stated this to Lord Lyons in the dispatch
of which I inclose a copy for your Excellency's in-
formation. , . . .
In making known to M. Thouvenal the opinion of
her Majesty's Government on this point, your Excel-
lency will add that you are instructed to call the
attention of the French Government to the bearing
which this unfortunate contest threatens to have on
the rights and interests of neutral nations.
On the one hand, President Lincoln, m behalf of
the northern portion of the late United States, has
issued a proclamation declaratory of an intention to
subjecttheportsolthesouthern portion of thelateUn-
ion to a vigorous blockade: on the other hand, Presi-
dent Davis, on behalf of the southern portion of the
late Union, has issued a proclamation declaratory of
an intention to issue letters of marque for cruisers to
be employed against the commerce of the North.
In this state of things it appears to her Majesty's
Government to be well deserving of the immediate
consideration of all maritime powers, but more espe-
cially of France and England, whether they should
not take some steps to invito the contending parties
to act upon the principles laid down in the second
and third articles of the Declaration of Paris of 1S55,
which relates to the security of neutral property on
the high seas.
The United States, as an entire Government, have
not acceded to that declaration: but in practice they
have, in their conventions with other Powers,
adopted the second aiticle, although admitting that
without some such ccmvention the rule was not one
of universal application.
As regards the third article, in recent treaties con-
cluded by the United States with South American
republics, thcprinciplc adopted has been at variance
with thci t laid down in the DeeLuation of Paris.
Your Excellency will remember that when it was
proposed to the Government of the United States, m
1856, to adopt the whole of the Declaration of Paris,
they in the first instance agreed to the second, third,
and fourth proposals, but made a condition as to the
first, that the other Powers should assent to extend-
ing the declaration, so as to exempt all private prop-
erly whatever from capture on the high sca3; but
beiore any final decision was taken on this proposal,
tlie Government of Pre>idcnt Buchanan. which m tho
intcival had come into power, withdrew the prop-
osition altogether.
It seems to her Majesty's Government to bedeserv-
ing of consideration, whether a joint endeavor should
not now be made to obtain from each of the belli&ei -
entsa formal iceognition ot both principles. a l,ud
down in the Declaration ot Paris, so that such piin-
ciples shall be admitted by both, as they have been
admitted by the Powers who made or acceded to the
Declaration of Paris, henceforth to form part of the
general law of nations.
Her Majesty's Government would be glad to be
made acquainted with the views of the Imperial
Government on this matter with as little delay as
possible.
lam, &c., J.RUSSELL.
[No. 2.1
Lord J. Russell to Lord Lyons.
Foreign Office, May 6,1861.
My Loud: Her Majesty's Government are disap-
pointed in not having received from you by the mail
wnich has just arrived any report of the state ot af-
fairs and of the prospects of the several parties, with
reference to the issue of the struggle which appears
unfortunately to have commenced between them;
but the interruption of the communication between
Washington and New York sufficiently explains the
nonamval of your dispatches.
The account, however, which her Majesty's consuls
at different ports were enabled to forward by the
packet, coincide in showing that, whatever may be
the final result of what cannot now be designated
otherwise than as the civil war which has broken out
between the several States of the late Union, for the
present at least those States have separated into dis-
tinct confederacies, and, as such, are carrying on war
against each other.
The question tor neutral nations to consider is,
what is tho character of the war; and whether it
should be regarded as a war carried on between par-
ties severally in a position to wage war. and to claim
the rights and to perform the obligations attaching
to belligerents?
Her Majesty's Government consider that the ques-
tion can only be answered in the affirmative. If the
Government of the northern portion of the late Union
possesses the advantages inherent in long-established
Governments, the Government of the southern por-
tion has, nevertheless, duly constituted itself, ^and
carries on in aregular form the administration of the
civil government of the States of which it is com-
posed.
Her Majesty's Government, therefore, without as-
suming to pronounce upon the merits of the question
on which the respective parties are at issue, can do
no less than accept the faetd presented to them. They
deeply deplore the disruption of a Confederacy with
which they have at all times soacrht to cultivate the
most friendly relations; they view with the greatest
apprehension and concern the misery and desolUion
in which that disruption threatens to involve the
provinces now arrayed in arms against each other;
but they feel that they cannot question the right of
the southern States to claim to be recognized as a
belligerent, and, as such, invested with all the rights
and prerogatives of a belligerent. il, A. ,
I think it right to give your lordship this timely
notice of the view taken by her Majesty s Govern-
ment ol the present state of affairs in North America,
and her Majesty's Government do not wish you to
make any mystery of that view.
I shall send your lordship, by an early opportu-
nity, such further information on these matters as may
be required for your guidance; at present I have only
to add, that no expression of regret that you may
employ at the present disastrous state of affairs will
too strongly declare the feelings with which her
Majesty's Go vernment contemplate all the evils which
cannot fail to result from it.
I am, &c., J. RUSSELL.
[Extract of Lord John Russell's speech in the House
ot Commons, May 30,1861.3
My honorable friend, the member for the West
Riding of Yorkshire, alluded the other night to one
subject in a tone which I was very sorry to hear used
by any one. My honorable friend said that "the
great republican bubble in America had burst." Now,
sir, I am proud to confess—I may be subject to cor-
rection—but for my part, when I find that a dark and
tyrannical despotism has been abolished, and that
people arc likely to enjoy free government in its
place, I rejoice. It is my duty to represent her
Majesty as friendly to all existing States; but if a
despotic Government fall, and the people who aro
subject to it are likely to obtain better and freer
Government, I cannot conceal that it gives me satis-
faction and that I sympathize with them. But I own
I have very different feeliugs when a great Republic,
which has enjoyed for seventy or eighty years insti-
tutions under which the people have been free and
happy, enters into a conflict in which that freedom
and happiness ia placed in jeopardy. I mustconfess
the joy which I felt at the overthrow of some of the
despotisms of Italy is counterbalanced by the pain
which I experience at the events which have lately
taken place in America. I admit that I have thought,
and that I still think, that in this country we enjoy
more real freedom than the United States have ever
done. I admit, also, that tile gieat founders of that
Republic, wise and able men as they were, had not
the materials at hand by which they could interpose,
as we are able to do in this country, the curb and
correction of leason in order to rcstiain the passion-
ate outbursts of the popular will. Yet we cannot be
blind to the fact that the Republic has been for many
years a great and free State, exhibiting to the world
the example of a people in the enjoyment ot wealth,
happiness, and freedom, and affording bright pros-
pects of the progress and improvement of mankind.
When I reflect, that the reproaches wnfoh are cast
by the States of the North upon the States of the
Souta, and the resistance which they have called
forth, have arisen from that accursed institution of
slavery, I cannot but recollect also that wj'Hi our
great and glorious institutions we gave them that
curse, and that ours were the hands from which they
received that fatal gilt of the poisoned garment winch
was flung around them from the first hour of their
establishment. Therefore, I do not think it just or
seemly that there should be among us anything like
exultation at their discord, and still less that we
should reproach them with an evil for the origin of
which we are ourselves to blame. These are the feel-
ings with which I heard the remarks of my honorable
friend the other night, and I must say that I believe
the sentiments which he expressed form an exception
to the general impression in England. Indeed, I
think nothing could be more honorable to our coun-
try than the prevailing pain and grief which have
been occasioned by the prospect of that great and
free people being about to rush into arms to destroy
each other's happiness and freedom.
New Yoke, Mccy 3,1866.
Sir: Having, in conformity with the request of
Congress through its joint committee, delivered be-
fore them a memorial address on Abi iham Lincoln,
and Earl Russell having written a letter to deny some
of my allegations, I deem it but an act of justice to
transmitto you a copy ofEarl Russell's letter andof
mvrenly,and ofthe documents on which my allegation
and his denial are founded. I request you to lay
the&e papers befoie the joint committee of Congress,
and I leave them at their disposition.
Very respectfully, yours,
GEORGE BANCROFT.
To Hon. Eliiiu B. Wasiiburxe, of Illinois, Chairman
on the part of the House of the Joint Committee of
Congress, &c.  
Papers inclosed.
1. Earl Russell to Mr. Adams: February 28,1866.
2. Mr. Bancroft to Mr. Adams, in reply to Earl
Russell; March 23, 1S66.
Lord J. Russell's letters of May 6,1861, to Earl
Cowley and to Lord Lyons.
•i. Ext raet of Lord J. Russell's speech in the House
of Commons, May SO, 1861.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that this correspondence Imprinted and referred
to the select joint committee on the memorial
to President Lincoln.
The motion was agreed to.
