1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3393
shows the spirit in which this subject has been
approached, and it is in accordance with the
remarks, I believe, of more than one Senator,
that in the infancy of the manufacture of linen
goods or the woven fabrics from flax it ought
to be encouraged. The tax that would be laid
upon these goods, it seems, would amount to
nothing at the present time, and as much of
our land is adapted to the cultivation of flax,
and it is now only cultivated for the purpose
of the seed, which is sold and exported from
the country, I should be in favor exempting
from internal tax the woven fabrics from flax.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hex-
bricks in the chair.) The Chair will put the
question again on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will now be necessary
to move an amendment on page 109, in order
to make it conform to the amendment just
made. On page 100, line twenty-four hundred
and seventy-nine, the word "flax" should be
stricken out; and the word " paper'' should also
be stricken out in line twenty-four hundred and
eighty-one, because that has been otherwise
provided for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This strikes out all the
tax on paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the tax on paper is
put at three per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a manufacture
of lino paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; I think not. All
flax that is converted into paper is then taxed
three per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But this is on the
" manufactures thereof." It goes clear through.
It changes the whole bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may go too far in that
particular: but I think it, would be covered by
the three per cent, clause. The word "paper,''
at any rale, ought to be stricken out in line
twenty-four hundred and eighty-one. It is
provided for in another amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
.Senator from Ohio propose an amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike, out the
word "flax'1 in page 109, line twenty-four hun-
dred and seventy-nine, and also the word "pa-
per" in line twenty-four hundred and eighty-
one. They are provided for in another place.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 call the attention
of the Senator to the fact that, the amendment
of the committee introduced the word "print-
ing " before "paper." ami only included print-
ing paper and tarred paper in the free list.
Mr. SHERMAN. Rut by the direction of
the committee, I proposed an amendment put-
ting all other paper at three per cent,. This
clause provides for a tax of five per cent,., and
these words ought to be stricken out of it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. That is true.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. On page 110, lino thirty-
four hundred and ninety-six, I move to insert
after the word ''collector" the words " or dep-
uty collector." If this amendment shall suc-
ceed, I shall move the same amendment on j
the next page, and a slight change afterward.
The provision is, that in ease a party lias omit- ;
ted to affix t lie stamp required by law to an instru-
ment, or a copy of an instrument in case the |
original is lost, he may do so by appearing be-
fore the collector and paying a penalty of lifty ;
dollars. On the next page the provision is |
carried further, and in case the stamp has not
been placed on an instrument, by reason of
accident, mistake, inadvertence, or urgent ne-
cessity. the party may go before the collector,
and by proving that fact, may put the stamp :
upon the instrument without a penalty. In :
some of the districts in the State in which I j
live, it will be exceedingly onerous to go before ]
the collector. A man may have to travel one
hundred or one hundred and fifty miles to see
the collector of the district; and perhaps it
would be so in some of the congressional dis-
tricts of the State of Maine. I move to insert
the words " or deputy collector," so that this
39tii Cong. 1st Rhss.—No. 213.
may be done before the officer of each county.
If this amendment prevails, I shall move to
amend the next page in the same way, and
also to require the person to pay, in addition
to the stamp, a penalty equal to the value of
the stamp. I think if these amendments are
made the effect will be good. As it now stands,
it will ecrtainly be a very serious inconven-
ience and loss to persons living in large con-
gressional districts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was considered
in committee, and wo did not deem it safe to
put this matter of affixing stamps afterward and
collecting penalties into the hands of every
deputy collector. There are but very few in-
stances of their having been omitted in places
where the law has been in operation ; and we
have provided for the southern States where
the law has not beenin operation. If a person
has omitted to afl'ix the proper stamp to anv
instrument, we did not, think it would be hard
for him to go or send to the collector and have
the proper stamp affixed on the instrument or
whatever it may be. We did not consider it
safe, and the Commissioner did not, to leave
the business of affixing these stamps where they
have been left off in the hands of every deputy
collector, but thought it should be confined
exclusively to the collector who has charge of
the district. I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
The amendment, was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. On page 79, line seventeen
hundred and thirty, after the word "thereof"
I move to insert these words:
Less the actual expenses paid_ out, by such immii-
faeturer, producer, or ujjent m effecting such mlIc and
removal.
Section eighty-six of the existing law is the
one to which this amendment will apply. It
reads:
"That any person, fnm, company, or corporation,
luanulacturinsj or producing trood<:, wares, and mer-
chandise, sold or removed tor consumption or use,
upon which duties or taxes are imposed by law, shall,
in their letmn of the value anil quantity, render an
account of'the full a mount of actual sales in ado by J lie
luanuiaetui er, producer, or agent theieot''
1 want my amendment to come in at this
point—
less the actual expenses paid out by such manufac-
turer, producer, or a^ent. in effecting such sale and
removal.
The tax as the law now stands is imposed
upon a value that the manuiacturei- himself
does not receive. He cannot receive the ex-
penses of removing or transporting the goods
and the expenses of selling. It will he seen,
therefore, that it is averyunequal tax, because
a person at a distance, in sending liisgoods, for
instance, to New Yoik or Philadelphia, is
obliged to pay a much larger tax than he who
manufactures his goods in New York or Phil-
adelphia. The tax is sufficiently onerous when
lie who pays it pays upon the actual amount
that he receives. If you tax him foranamount
that he does not receive it, produces great dis-
satisfaction ami complaint,. If yon tax him
upon the whole amount that he does receive
there will bo less complaint and less dissatis-
faction. As it now stands it produces great
dissatisfaction. It looks like an arbitrary tax ;
it looks like one that ought not to be imposed;
and it is unequal, when really there can lie no
difficulty in executing the law so I hat every
producer may have the benefit of the cost to
the time of his entering his goods into con-
sumption. If a parcel of goods is sold at a
dollar ten cents is given for the transportation
and the selling, perhaps; hut upon that ten cents
the Government impose a tax of five percent.
It seems to me that the committee and the Sen-
ate will see the wisdom of apply ing this amend-
ment to the proposed amendment of the eighty-
sixth section: and 1 really hope they will see
that it will be to the advantage of a proper
execution of the revenue law in obtaining more
honest returns from the producer than other-
wise would be obtained; because if the people
Kegin to feel that the Government, exercises an
arbitrary will in relation to this matter, they in
their turn may exercise the same, spirit. I
really hope that the committee will see the
advantage that will result in the execution of
the law and of its general policy, and will per-
mit this amendment t,o prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN., The only question is
whether the whole thing shall be put in the
hands of the manufacturers at their own will
and pleasure and as they make out their ex-
penses of agency and everything else. How
much we should get out of the tax with that
provision I leave the Senate to judge.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not think that is a
fair way to treat that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the way I look
at it, and I think it is fair to state precisely the
view I have of it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I must disagree with the
honorable member on this proposition.
'The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to the provision in regard to
lotteries, on page 58. I do notintend to make
any motion about it, but there is an amend-
ment proposed by the committee which I do
not comprehend, and to which my attention has
been called by a gentleman engaged in that
business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain it in a
moment. As it now stands, it is precisely the
provision reported by the committee of the
House after great consideration. The only
way in which we could get the tax was by
making the managers responsible for the pay-
ment of the tax. When the bill came to be en-
grossed the provision was not. there, but, there
was another instead of it,. The Committee on
Finance struck that out and put back the origi-
nal provision.
Mr. HARRIS. T understand there are but
two States in the Union in which lotteries are
allowed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This provision is sim-
ply to guard against fraud and to secure the
payment of the tax.
Mr. HARRIS. I am satisfied.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 wish to offer an amend-
ment, to insert on page 1 afterline thirty-one
hundred and thirteen, the following:
Provided, That the lisPof incomes in the offices of
the assos-or and collector shall be open to the inspec-
tion of tho public; but neiLhei the assessor nor tho
collect or slut 11 lurnish such list or any port ion thei eof
for publication, nor permit the same to be eopiedfor
publication.
I hope the committee will not object to this
amendment. The exposure of the lists in,the
offices of the assessor and collector is sufficient
for all purposes of preventing frauds; and it.
seems utteily unnecessary to parade in (he pa-
peis a list of every man's income. It is not
done in England where they have the income
tax, and I do not believe it is necessary here.
It is very annoying; it is the most odious feat-
ure of that tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. One of the best writers
on the subject, of English taxation, though,
recommends that it, should be done.
Mr. ANTHONY. But his views do not
prevail with the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not done in Eng-
land because they arc controlled very much by
an aristocracy. It seems to me in the interest
of the revenue the publication of the income
returns is the most efficient means of attaining
certainty. I know how the first law operated.
The first, law did not require these lists to be
published, and it, got abroad in various com-
munities. I know in the State of Ohio that
such and such persons gave such an income
return when it was known that their expend-
iture uas much more than their reported
income. It had an effect upon their credit.
Finally the lists were published, and a great
sensation was created. I he result was that
in some communities the incomes of many
men were doubled over the previous year, and
the general result was to get double the pre-
vious year's amount. I have no doubt that in
nearly every community the neighbors of a man
have some general idea of his income, and if
he does not give it nearly right or approaching
what is right they have some means of detect-
ing it. If it is confined simply to the books
