3394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
of the assessor and collector, and it is not
published, no one desires to go and examine
the lists and publish his neighbor's income
return. It is an invidious task, and therefore
it is not likely to be published. No great harm
is done by income lists being published, and
then the community at large generally pass
judgment upon the accuracy of the returns,
it is a great assistance to the assessor and col-
lector. I see myself in this country no prac-
tical objection to it. I hope, therefore, this
amendment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have another amend-
ment to propose, but T will let the bill get into
the Senate if that is desired.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
it get into the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
will be taken on all the amendments together,
unless in cases where a separate vote is asked
for.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to except
from the general vote the amendments on page
110 striking out the words " foreign exchange."
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have the amcnd-
menton page 185, relative to extending the time
for the operation of the tax on State bank cir-
culation, excepted, as I wish to move an amend-
ment to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to reserve the
amendment on page 2, reducing the tax on
cotton from five to two cents per pound.
The question being put on concurring in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, with the exception of those reserved
for a separate vote, it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before acting on the
other amendments, I wish to make a couple
of slight changes. On page 188, section [thirty]
twenty-eight, I move to strike out in line twenty-
seven " Commissioner of Internal Revenue"
and insert "Secretary of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. .After the word "col-
lector," in line twenty-nine of the same section,
I move to insert'' with the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment excepted at the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman! will now be
■read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add to the tenth section of the bill the
following clause:
That section six of the act of March 18G3, enti-
tled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other imr-
poses.'approved June 30.1864," be amended by strik-
ing out-all after the enacting clause and inserting in
lieu thereof the following: that every national bank-
ing association. State bank, or State banking asso-
ciation, shall pay a tax of ten pcrecnt. on the amount
of notes of any person. State bank, or State banking
association, used for circulation and paid out bythein
after the 1st day of July, 1867, and such tax shall bo
assessed and paid in such manner as shall be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner ofJ.nternal Revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. Instead of non-concur-
ring in this amendment, which I had intended
to propose, I think my object will probably be
better accomplished by striking out the word
"seven," in line twenty, and inserting " six,"
so as to leave the tax to go into effect on the
1st of July, 1866, according to the present
law. The phraseology of this amendment is
better than that of the corresponding section
of the present law.
I am opposed to extending the time allowed
to the State banks to retire their circulation.
The existing law provides "that every national
banking association, State bank, or State bank-
ing association, shall pay a tax of ten per cent,
on the amount of notes of any State bank or
State banking association paid out by them
after the 1st day of July, 1866." Under the
present law there is 110 discrimination against
State banks on the circulation now outstand-
ing ; but all banks are to pay a tax of ten per
cent, on State bank notes which they pay out
after the 1st of July. The purpose of the
enactment was to compel the retirement of
the State bank circulation. The effect of the
legislation of Congress has been substantially
to get rid of the State banks. According to a
statement which I have before me, their circu-
lation has been reduced to about fifteen mil-
lion dollars; but in some of the most glaring
cases the purpose of Congress as evinced by
its legislation has been abused, so that one
bank has now in circulation about eight times
the amount of its capital stock. Some of these
banks exist in Maine, some in Massachusetts,
some in New York, some in Ohio, and some
in the western States. I am informed by the
Comptroller of the Currency that he fears that
if this time is extended one year longer, and
the right is given to these State banks to issue
notes without restraint, they will largely in-
crease the amount of their present circulation.
Some of the banks have actually increased it
within the last month or two so as to have it
outstanding.
I have here a letter from a cashier of a na-
tional bank in New York, showing how this
privilege has been abused in that State. He
gives a list of some fourteen State banks in
the State of New Yoik, with a capital of
$866,320, whose circulation is now $2,509,996.
The Bank of Watertown, with a capital stock
on the 30th of December, 1865, of $110,000,
had a circulation of $591,371, and it appears
that by the 1st of May last that circulation had
been increased $257,645, making the circu-
lation of that bank (with a capital stock of
$110,000) §852,017. I have a statement from
the superintendent of the banking department
of the State of New York, showing that the
circulation of that bank is $852,017. I have
no doubt that many of the other banks in this
list have increased their circulation. If wo
should repeal section six of the act of last
year, or extend the time for retiring the State
bank circulation, I fear not only that the pres-
ent State banks will keep out their existing
circulation to the detriment of the public credit,
inflating the currency of the country to that
extent-, but that all the State banks now in
process of liquidation will again commence
issuing paper.
In the State of Ohio we had a very excellent
bank system when the national act took effect,
and most of our banks went into the national
banking system j l*it some of the State banks
are still in existence, not many, but some which
have made no efforts to retire their circulation.
While under the general banking law those who
went into the national banks were limited in
their circulation to ninety per cent, of their
actual stock, those that kept out of the national
banking associations, those that refused to come
in under the general system and kept out their
notes, are only liable to pay the same tax as is
imposed on the other banks. They were pre-
pared, and prepared themselves to retire the
whole of their circulation and redeem the whole
of their circulation on the 1st of July next;
but if you extend the time one year they will
undoubtedly reissue a portion of the circula-
tion they have now retired ; they will make no
effort to draw in that which is now outstanding;
but if you leave the law stand as it is, no
national bank and no State bank dare pay out
these notes, because if they do they would be
liable to a tax of ten per cent. They would be
bound to make a return showingit. The effect
would be that every State bank would by the
1st of July next redeem the great body of its
circulation, because no such circulation could
possibly be used to any profitable extent.
I know that the argument has been made
that this will be inconvenient in particular lo-
calities, and especially to the State banks them-
selves. The Senator from New York [Mr.
H.uir.is] tells me that in certain communities
where they have relied upon State circulation,
it will deprive them of circulation. So I am
informed by the Senator from Maine will be
the effect in certain localities in Maine. But
it seems to me it should be remembered that
all these State banks had for a year or two an
opportunity to come into the national banking
system. They did not do it in time; they waited
until the amount of circulation was taken, until
other banks, new and old, absorbed the amount
fixed by law, and now, after they have been
guilty of laches, they come in and claim an ex-
emption that is not extended to the other banks.
It must be observed, again, that by this bill we
have assessed three per cent. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has nothing to
do with this.
Mr. SHERMAN. Except this: we have
assessed that upon national banks, not upon
State banks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Only upon the national
banks that continue to issue their old paper in
connection with their new paper. That is a
very different thing, they having a double cir-
culation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where State banks have
gone into the national bank system, we pro-
vide that upon the amount of their old circu-
lation we will tax them three per cent, over
and above the tax imposed upon all other
banks; but we make no such provision in re-
gard to State banks that have refused to go
into the national banking system.
It seems to inc that as the section we now
propose to modify has been on the statute-book
more than a year, as all these banks knew of it
and are prepared to meet the burden of that legis-
lation, we ought not to change it. I am there-
fore in favor of letting the law remain as it is;
but as I prefer the language of the amendment
better than the language of the old law, because
it enables the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue to prescribe the mode and manner of as-
sessing the tax, I will simply move to strike
out the word " seven" and to insert "six," so
as to leave the provision stand as it is now,
taking effect on the 1st of July next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it is
worth while to run a good idea entirely into
the ground. This is not a question in which
the State banks for which we propose to ex-
tend the time are so much interested as the.
people who are connected with them and rely
upon them in different sections of the country.
This clause was inserted to meet a difficulty
that arises in my own State, I understand in
the State of Michigan also, and to a certain
extent in some other States, where the con-
version of certain State banks did not take
place or was not attempted until the whole
amount of national banking capital had been
taken up that was allowed by law. They were
not converted, not for the reason that they
were negligent so much as because they doubted
whether the system that was to go into opera-
tion would be a success, and they did not move
so fast as others. When they undertook to do
it they found the whole amount was taken and
they were not able to convert.
The reason -why tliey have not called in their
circulation up to this time,-and why they have
held on, is because they were not able to con-
vert. They have been trying to do so, and
making application after application to the
Comptroller of the Currency, but he says,
"My power is exhausted; I have no more
circulation to give you, and therefore you are
ruled out." Take, for instance, my own State.
Pretty much all the eastern section of the State
—and it is a large State—is supplied by one or
two small banks. Our people there do a very
large business; they do a foreign business;
they build ships; they take freights; they have
bills from abroad; they rely for getting circu-
lation upon the banks in their own immediate
vicinity. When they wind up the result is that
we are tributary to Boston, Massachusetts,
which has got largely more than its share of
circulation, more than it wants to use in point
of fact. The whole eastern part of Maine,
because we cannot get a chance to convert our
banks at this time, is to be subject to them. I
am told it is so in other sections of the coun-
try. Now, I learn from the Comptroller's
office that $10,000,000 will cover all the conver
