1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
I
State that would ruin, destroy, and pull down
the rest, and is guilty of the attempt, ceases
ipso facto with the hostile act to be any part
of the governing element. It may have been
one of the sovereigns, but is, when it lifts a
hostile hand, but a malefactor. Did you ever
hear of a Government sending its emissaries to
foreign Governments to intrigue for its own sub-
version? That is what the United States did,
provided the confederate States were part of
our Govemmentafter they attempted to secede;
but I say that at that very instant they ceased
to have any right to participate in the govern-
ment of the country and were no part of it.
If it is not so, we surely have within our-
selves the seeds of dissolution; if it is not so,
the Union is already gone, the death-rattle
already in her throat. It will not be long be-
fore a Government hostile to itself, composed
of antagonisms, becomes a felo de se. A des-
potism would be a better government, for a
despotism is a unit, and is not guilty of self-
destruction. And when, pray, does a State
whose jiower lias thus departed again become
part of the Government? As soon as she
ceases to strike, or at such time thereafter as
the parent Government may deem it safe to
)ermit? Not as soon as she ceases to strike,
'or she may still be hostile; not at her own
option, for she may desire to become again
part of the Government in order to destroy it,
to accomplish by insidious and stealthy means
what she failed to accomplish by arms. 1 think
the only answer is, '-At such time as the Gov-
ernment deems it safe to permit, and by legis-
lation so declare," and not before. Any other
conclusion would lead to the absurdity that, a
State may fight the Federal Government to-day,
be a part of the Federal Government to-mor-
row, and allied and consorting with its ene-
mies, striking at its vitals, and doing all in its
power to pvert.urn and subvert it the next day.
What name but anarchy, rampant and fla-
grant anarchy, over which the fallen spirits
and incarnate devils might hold a jubilee,
would yon give to such a state of affairs as
this? A little he.U in the family all the time!
Oh, what a glorious Government that would be 1
Freedom's soil beuealh our feet! And free-
dom's banner streaming o'er us! The home
of the tree, and the hope of the brave!
Mcxico, poor, distracted, unfortunate Mex-
ico, might, gaze upon us and consider herself
in a happy condition! But this is a digression.
It is plain to my mind that, there is not as much
real as seeming difference between those who
assert that a Stale cannot go out of the Union
and those who contend that a State can. The
one sees plainly enough that a State cannot
legally go, ought, not to go, ought not by her
own crimes to release and discharge herself
from the duties and obligations due to the
Federal Government,, and that she does not
and cannot do it by an unsuccessful rebellion,
and that the General Government loses no
hold that she may see proper to enforce; and
he is keen to swear that a State cannot go out
of the Union. The other sees that while a State
cannot discharge herself from duty or release
herself from her obligations, or escape the
punishment duo to crime, or break the links,
thai bind her to the parent Government so that
thev may not be welded, that still she may incur
disabilities and forfeitures so great that she
ceases to bo part of the Government, and is
only a part of the governed; he sees that
such a Stale is like a corporation that has for-
feited its charier, lost its franchises, and is dead
until touched by a recreating hand, until the
breath of life is again imparted, until the for-
feiture is remitted,and the franchise restored;
and seeing this, his opinion is that a State can
go out of the Union, and he is willing to bet
his bottom dollar on his judgment. Still, he
does not mean that the hills or the valleys have
been disturbed or jostled out of their ancient
moorings, or that the rivers have ceased to
flow in their accustomed channels, or that
the State has gone off in a tangent and alighted
beyond humanity's reach, on the distant mar-
gin of tin? universe, nor that the General Gov-
ernment has lost any rights that she may see
proper to assert and be able to maintain against
the State. He holds that the State has no rights
as a member of the Union or against the Fed- j
eral Government, has ceased to be any part of
the Government, and is only a part of the
governed. That is what he calls being out of
the Union, though it is true thattbose who have
no right to participate in the Government, and
are but a part of the governed, maj be and are
in the territorial limits of the United States.
Such have a name to live while dead in tres-
passes and sins. If in the Union their man-
hood has departed ; they are emasculated and
but political eunuchs. Their duty is to obey
and not direct, to submit and not control, and
Congress alone has the power to speak their
sins forgiven and set their captive souls at lib-
erty ; that is, admit them into the Union.
Who will dare question the power of Congress
to inquire before admitting the rebel States into
Congress whether they are proper custodians
of the civil rights of the people, and fit to be
trusted as part of the governing power of the
country — not only fit to govern themselves,
but to help govern the rest of the nation ;
whether communities yet turbulent, yet wedded
to inequality and wrong, injustice and oppres-
sion, shall be admitted to equal participation
on the floors of Congress, or kept in a state of
probation, for the benefit of their education,
until they are, in some degree at least, toned
down and mollified?
If their object in getting into Congress is not
to preserve and perpetuate the Union, but to
disrupt and destroy it, to play into the hands
of some hostile Power, is it not the duty of Con-
gress to keep them out? Would they in that
ease be fit to help us govern the nation and rule
the land? Would it not be confiding the lamb
to the tender mercies of the wolf? Wc are told
that when the wicked rule the nations mourn.
How long will a Government stand ruled by those
hostile to its principles, and who wouldrejoice
to see it subverted? I)o we intrust the navi-
gation of a ship to those who would gladly
excite the crew to mutiny or scuttle the vessel?
And if it is not certainly known whether that is
their disposition or not, is it not wise to wait
and see? We know that such were at one time
their feelings. Let us be sure they are not still
before we give them the helm. It is said that
they have laid down their arms, submitted to
the Government, and relying alone upon their
prayers and their tears, now humbly and peni-
tently beg to be permitted to resume their alle-
giance, come back into the Union, and be good
citizens.
That is one way of stating it, but let it be
borne in mind and never forgotten, that in a
Government like ours a State in the Union is
part of the ruling and governing principle.
When that is kept in mind it will appear that
the request is not so humble after all; that it is
a demand to come in and help us rule and gov-
ern the nation, to come in and aid in making
the laws; to come and take their seats on the
supreme benph and participate in expounding
the laws they hate and detest; to go into the
Cabinet and aid in executing the laws that they
but yesterday set at defiance and trampled un-
der foot; to help us safely keep our treasure,
which they would be glad to see applied to the
payment of the confederate debt or sunk in the
bottom of the ocean; to help possess our forts,
dock-yards, and arsenals, and navigate our
Navy, all of which they would be glad to see
enveloped in flames and reduced to ashes ; and
above all help command our Army that has so
recently given them such a terrible flogging ;
in short, to be clothed with all the privileges
and powers they lost by their rebellion. There
is not, I tell you, so much sackcloth and ashes
about this thing, nor as great a flood of pen-
itential tears as might at first blush appear.
Admitting them back into the Union, it is plain,
is conferring upon them power, putting weap-
ons, and deadly weapons at that, into their
hands, and they know it.
Why not gratify them at once? At what
more auspicious time could they be reinstated
on the supreme bench than when their leader
is being tried, or ought to be tried, for treason,
the validity of confiscation laws adjudicated,
the new condition of our t'reedmen settled, and
prize cases under the blockade determined ?
A rogue feels secure when the judge who tries
him is one of his gang and a good share of the
jury his accomplices. Would it not be a nice
thing just at this time to dilute, adulterate, and
debauch our Supreme Conrt by such an acces-
sion ; and above all, would it not be perfectly
charming to invite these people to send their
Senators and Representatives to Congress to
unite with their northern allies in involving us
in a foreign war, in repudiating the national
debt, or adding the confederate debt to it, in
repealing the laws granting pensions to our
living disabled soldiers, and to the widows and
orphan children of those who are dead, and
perchance to insert the names of their own
traitors on our pensipn rolls, and tax our peo-
ple to pay them? How wrong it is not to ad-
mit South Carolina at once in order that the
constitutional amendments now pending may
be defeated! If admitted she would aid in
their defeat in two ways. First, she would
vote against them; and second, she must be
counted as one of the States, and the amend-
ment must be ratified by throe fourths of the
States, counting her in as one.
Do not we know that the national debt in-
curred to put down the rebellion is a stench
in the nostrils of a reconstructed rebel and his
northern allies?
How long had Peirpoint inhaled the atmos-
phere of Richmond before he had the assurance
to come to Washington and declare in profane
and indecent language that the South would
never consent to be taxed to aid in the payment
of the national debt? I would not do him in-
justice, but such is the report. If Mr. Clarke,
our able Comptroller of the Currency, could
with difficulty silence his clamor, may we not
expect to hear a great deal of that kind of talk
when the Senate and House are full of recon-
structed rebels and their northern allies? Do
wc want to make such slang potential and give
it vitality and power so that it may bud and
blossom and ripen into legislation, so. that our
victories may prove like Billy's cake, which was
sweet in the mouth butbitterin the belly ? 1 do
not, I freely confess, and I shall vote against
it until I am satisfied that the apprehended
dangers have passed away or been provided
against by adequate guarantees.
It is said that we must not be too distrustful,
that a word of a sort is enough among gentle-
men; that we must take these folks at their
word, must take their promises to be faithful
to the Union without any other guarantees. It
seems to me to be too slender a reliance. What
if they break their promises? Who will be in
danger then? It is easy to leaip into a pit, but
to get out, there's the rub.
" In this the task, the mighty labor lies."
There is a bear story that touches remotely
on the folly of incurring too much risk. The
story is nothing, but the lesson it teaches is
good. This is the story: two American citi-
zens of African descent, named Cato and
Sambo, started on a bear hunt. Who ever
saw a negro who did not worship with the
ardor of a lover at the shrine of Nimrod? It
is all pretense, it is plain, but to get a,gun on
his shoulder is his style of apeing the gentle-
man ; cause why ? Slaves are not permitted
to bear arms. A gun proves that he is no
longer a slave. They got upon the trail of a
bear and followed her back track until they saw
that she had emerged from the trunk of a hol-
low and prostrate tree. They concluded at
once that her cubs were probably in the tree,
and it was agreed that Cato should go in and
bring them out, that Sambo should stand sen-
tinel to keep the old bear at bay in case she
made her appearance. Very soon after Cato
had gone in the old bear did come, and outflank-
ing the sentinel darted _into the hole. Sambo'
seeing there was mischief ahead unless some-
thing was done quickly, seized her by the tail
