410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
thousand are male citizens over twenty-c tie
years of age. Now, if that State should cut
off three thousand of its male citizens by a prop-
erty qualification, or by any other, it would
reduce the basis of representation here from
seventy thousand to ibrty-nhie thousand, and
so on with a greater or less reduction of the
qualified voters.
If, on the other hand, a State is situated, as
is claimed to be the case with some of the Hew
England States, so that it liasan excess of female
population, or other non-voters, in that case, by
cutting down this basis of representation,' its
representation here -would be decreased in the
same proportion as the number of its actual
voters bears to the number of its actual popu-
lation. I know it has been objected that this
idea is the same as the one founded upon
actual voters. But it is not so, because it is
based on population first, and then as restric-
tions' arc made by the laws of the State it goes
back continually upon population, and never
upon actual voters.
Now, sir. I wish to say that I for one am for
amending the Constitution in reference to rep-
resentation in this Hall. I think seventy years
islongenough for fifteen, twenty, or thirty Rep-
resentatives to sit here, and make laws to ap-
ply to northern people, with no constituencies
behind them. 1 think it has been seen long
enough that a large number of persons culled
property, made property by the laws of the
Slates, shall give lo the oligarchs of (hose par-
ticular districts of country l.lie right to outvote
the independent men of the N'orth, of the tree
States, where some approximation has been
made to securing God-given rights to all in-
habitants. 1 think that it is wrong ttiat the
further a State recedes from common right and
common justice the moie power [lie oligarchy
which controls it shall grasp m (heir hands,
and J desire that thi.snmemhnent.shall be made
so that it shall bear down upon that abuse with
the crushing power of three fourths of the
Legislaluves of the Union.
I am astonished to hear gent lean mi. like some
who addressed us the other day, express them-
selves so exceedingly anxious thai, the southern
States shall have the benefit of these! negroes
in their representation hen; in Conuress, and
.siill are not willing thai, these negroes .shall
choose, or have a voice in choosing, their Kep-
rese.nlal ives here. If the negroes are to be rep-
resented, (lieu let them have a \oice in choos-
ing I he men (o represent them, as Democrats
<lo, as Republicans do, and as ail honest men
ought to wish to do and see done by others.
Hthcynretobe represented here. let them ha\e
their liepresenlat.ives by au active li\ ing v oice,
representing their interests, iiut if they are lo
have 110 political rights that, a while nian is
bound t o respect, then let their voices be silc nt
here also.
Sir. what, is the idea of representation? The
idea L that tin1 ]icprc-icntalive repi'ie-ems cer-
tain men. All persons enlil led lo a \oiee iullie
Government are not here, because Ihey ai e loo
numerous: therefore ecilain of their nutniier
are sent. Their Represent;!lu e here easts !he
vote of t host; who send lnmhere. But how can
he be said lo east a vote, for men who are not,
endowed with the legal capacity to vote whether
he shall come here for them or not? II is ab-
surd, it is unjust : it, is a part of that system of
transforming and perverting the principles of
right, and justice in order to carry out the ends
of oppression, which at all times has been but !
too successful in this country. I
X hope, if this joint resolution is not referred j
to the Committee of the "Whole, that it will be |
recommitted to the joint committee on hh'on- j
^tniction, so^tliafc it may come buck to us in a i
Hnapo to obviate alike the objections from the j
JSow Jutland States, made against bayiiui S'u- j
upon voters alone, and also the po^> bilily 1
of any Slate cutting off its black population by j
oppression and oppressive laws, and still ob- !
tam ing credit for that population here 5 and nlso !
further prevent any State from disfranchising >
its citizens hy reason of their ignorance, at the i
same time getting the benefit of their emiroera
tion, while another State disfranchising some of
its population for their color loses the benefit of
that portion of its population.
Mr. ROSS. I want to inquire of my colleague
[Mr. Iir.OMWELT.] why ladies more than negroes
should be counted in the basis of representa-
tion without being allowed to vote?
Mr. BROMWLLL. I suppose any gentle-
man can see that without much trouble. Ladies
arc a part of the family with most of us. The
head of the family does the voting for the fam-
ily. But inasmuch as the negro is not even of
the white family is of a different race and so
treated, as you refuse him the benefit of the
principle which you accoid to the family, you
have no right to strip him of every attribute of
manhood, and then ask the country lo give you
the benefit of his presence in your State when
you come to make out your basis of represen-
tation. \ ou do not associate with him ; you
do not, affiliate with him; you do not go wilh
lnm in counsel; you do not sympafhi/.e with
him, and why should he be a part of jour basis
of representation? None of these causes opcr-
ate^in regard to the family, or any part of the
white population.
Gentlemen say they oppose this amendment
011 principle, and not in detail. Why is it op-
posed here? Who is benefited by their oppo-
sition to it? Is it not the very States who by
having too much and an undue inlluenee iti
this very Hall precipitated the terrible convul-
sion of civil war upon this country? They get
the beneht of every argument made here against
the power and the right of the Government to
pass this amendment to the Constitution.
Now, the object ion which 1 have i o (he ameud-
ment oilei ed bv (he gent lenam irom Ohio who
last oH'uicd au amendment, is llmt I fear it w ill
me( I in Ilie 1 jcgislatures of the partn ulur Slates
au amount, of opposition w hit-h it vv ill not meet
hero, it is one thing for this whole Co.igress,
assembled from many Stales, numbering mnnv
that limy be j ml liferent 011 that question, to pass
the joint resolution for an amendment of tiie
Constitution ; Dot, itis quite another thing when
the resolution comes lo be subjected to the test
of discussion in the Legislature of a Slate, Unit
has ajtartieular interest to serve. Such States
invariably prelect liieir own interests and vote
lor that u'ii'ch gives llieiii strength in the na-
tional councils. That is all the objection 1 have
to it.
■Mr. Speaker, when i arose 1 intended merely
to stale my objections lo the .several amend-
ments which have been ottered. L do hope, how-
ex er, that, this House will not, by a hasty and
improper course, push any amendment through
until if lias been tully deiiberaled upon. When
ihisainciiduicutwas introduced, on last, Monday
mm ning, tin1 ditlercnces ot opinions hioh have
boon developed 111 reference! o I In: principles uf
the amendment were not anticipated. !'ul to-
day wo see that it has, so far, not, an advocate
upon this liner. Such inav be the result with
even amend men! v\ h i< h may be presented Mv
opinion is. thiil in ma'.Vrs of this kind, where
I hi-. ('ongres j sits. for ali pracl ieal purposes, as
a, com en I ion 1 e\ isine I lie Con si iiut ion, it is bet-
t or to approach the dele ruiiuut ton of particulars
by first, agreeing 011 I he general principles to be
embodied in the whole. 1 would to-day prefer
that, the committee on reconstruction should be
required to report the whole body of amend-
ments which arc deemed necessary by any con-
siderable number of members ot tins liouse.
that they might all come up together and be
discussed ; lor they would in that way consume
110 more time than a single amendment will take
in the manner in which" the discussion is being
conducted.
Mr. Speaker, 1 now yield the floor to 1m col-
league jidt. Cook] lor twenty minutes.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, from a carefully
prepared ."talcment v.'hii h 1 held in mv bandit,
appears thai under the con.-us of ISiit) there
would lie in this House nineteen members elecled
upon the basis ol representation which includes
three fifths of the former slaves of the South.
These men have no constituencies ; a represent-
ative is one who represents another, is the ex-
ponent of his_views and the executor of his wilh
The men having seats in this House upon a slave
basis merely were not chosen by and did not
indicate the will of those who have the consti-
tutional designation of three fifths of all other
persons. So far as being heard in this House, or
their wishes expressed, they might as well have
been in Africa as America.
The practical fact with which we have to deal
is this : the white people in certain States were
granted an unequal and disproportionate num-
ber of Representatives upon this floor because
they were the owners of slaves, so that in those
States each voter had a greater power and in-
fluence in the Government than any voter in
any free State ; and to such extent was this in-
equality carried that in some districts in Mis-
sissippi one man was the equal, in power and
influence in the election of members of this
House and of the President and Vice President
of the baited States, of any two men in the
district 1 represent, file men elected on this
basis were the llepresentativ os of the slave power
which proved itself dangerous to the Republic
while if lived, and is now dead. The foundation
is gone, the superstructure should hill with it.
But by the fact that slavery is dead litis in-
equality of representation is increased ; instead
of nineteen members, upon the basis of 18GU. the
number would be increased two fiflhs, the three
lifths of a person has become a whole person,
'fhe reward of treason will be an increased rep-
resentation in this House, an inci ea.seil inlluenee
in the Government to the traitors who have
sworn and stiiven lu destroy it. 11 seems to me
impossible that, any candid man can seriously
contend that loyal men who have loved their
country and suffered for it should not have the
same voice in the government of the country
wilh the men who have fought to destroy it.
if gentlemen on the other side desire to' make
this issue to the country 1 hope that, it, will be
promptly accepted by us. Let this issue be
joined, and let us go lo the country upon it. I
can see and appreciate the rea-011 why gentle-
men 011 the other side of lliis Hall oppose this
amendment. The men elected 011 this un-
equal basis arc their allies, from whom they are
now anxiously looking tor reenforccnients to
enable them to regain the ascendency in this
House and m the national Government which
they lost when those allies deserted them.
\\ e have now, as 1 believe, tin1 golden oppor-
tunity to remedy this e\ il which will never come
again to the men of tins geneialion. The s\s-
tem of slavery has fallen. 'I'he States whose
lepiesentatlou was increased by it have, with
two or three exceptions, destroyed theii loyal
and legal State governments, and now seek
l'eeom true! ion. The committee, on recon-
struction having reported this amendment. I
infer that they will, if ihh amendment is sub-
mitied to the State Legislatures by Congress,
recommend that it sad opt ion by 111 e Stale" lately
in relit 111011 be one1 of the guarantees 10 he in-
sisted upon as a condition precedent to their
hiking equal authority and rank in the Union
with the, loyal States.
Suppo<e we refuse to pass thin proposition
now. Is there any probability that, it can be
passed when the rebel States 'are, again repre-
sented upon this floor withtheir unequal repre-
sentation? And if it can, is It not certain that it
will not be adopted by th" States who are ben-
efited by it, unless it is made a condition prece-
dent to their reconstruction? The honorable
gentleman from NewYork [Mr. Brooks] said
that this question was pressed merely for tlie
sake, of agitation, (that argument has always
been used lo protect wrong and injustice.) and
he said that it, was only folly to believe it would
1 e suecr ssful. I believe that it is folly to be-
lieve that it will ever be successful unless it is
successful now. Some of the State Legisla-
tures are now in session which will not again
meet for two years. If we are going to pass
this measure at all it must be passed now.
I confess, Mr. Speaker, that, feeling the lin-
