1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2435
of the products of the country during the war
was the Government, but is so no longer. War
prices no longer rule, and it is inevitable
that manufactures must be still further reduced
in values until we reach the solid standard of
gold as recognized by the commercial world.
The tax on manufactures, therefore, must be
far less productive for the year ending June
30, 1807, than heretofore, as it will be com-
puted at a less percentage, if our bill should
be adopted, and on a far less aggregate amount.
Then, as a general rule in a season of falling
prices, it is not gains but losses which must be
calculated at the end of the year; and there-
fore the tax on incomes, the dividends from
banks and other corporations for the next year,
cannot be expected to yield anything like the
amount derived from these sources for the years
ending December, 1864, and December, 1865.
Nor can our foreign importations be maintained
upon their present scale. It is very desirable
that they should not be as they are supplant-
ing a large share of the labor of our own peo-
ple, and because payment will at present be
made chiefly in United States bonds. Finan-
cial disaster, as well as increased depression to
our industrial interests, cannot fail to follow
such an influx of foreign goods as we have wit-
nessed the present season. That trade must
in some degree be postponed until we recovcr
from the exhaustion caused by the war, until
capital and labor can adjust itself to its new
conditions of peace, or until we have some-
thing to exchange for British, French, and
Cerman iron, wine, and haberdashery, besides
merely our national credit.
It is right, however, to look for some increase
of revenue in consequence of the close of the
war, and we may expect something from the
States lately in rebellion, though not an amount
in proportion at all to their relative numbers.
Never fruitful in taxable resources, they have
less now than ever. Tf we obtain outside of
the receipts from cotton enough to cover the
bills already passed in one or the other House
for extra expenses on their account, it will
equal my expectations. Taking all these things
into consideration, as well as others not neces-
sary to mention, the Committee of Ways tind
Means have felt willing to report the bill as it
stands ; which will reduce taxation the present
year in round numbers about seventy-live mil-
lion dollars.
It is also prudent to anticipate a large dim-
inution of the revenue from customs, as it
ought not to be expected to long continue at
double the amount ever obtained in the most
prosperous times. Our receipts from miscel-
laneous resources the coming year will be very
light, as they have recently accrued mainly
from property disposed of at the close of the
war, and premiums on sales of gold, sources
already nearly extinct.
We seek to make some compensation for
these losses by increasing the tax on raw cot-
ton three cents, or by raising it from two to
five cents per pound. Supposing that two mil-
lion bales should be raised this season and be
taxed—and I think the amount will be consid-
erably greater notwithstanding the actual want
of good seed, and the changed system of labor
—we ought to obtain, a revenue from this
source of $44,000,000, or an increase over the
tax at present in force of $26,400,000. The
crop may so far exceed the number of bales
mentioned as to cover all the cotton which
will escape taxation, or which will be used
on plantations, and all that will be exported
in the shape of manufactures and upon which
a drawback will be allowed; butitwill be safer
to estimate probable receipts on a lower basis.
All human calculations are subject to contin-
gencies, and financial calculations are perhaps
most exposed to be shipwrecked of all; but if
we retain the tax on cotton as proposed, we
can safely release, in my opinion, taxes to the
extent contemplated by the bill. Otherwise
we must reinstate something already stricken
out of the roll of taxation by the bill, or find
some new source of revenue which will pro-
duce an equal amount; and I say this without
feeling very confident that the rates for the
income tax will be allowed to be changed much
from the existing law.
Treasury receipts for fiscal year ending June 30,1865.
Custom? 884,928,000
Internal revenue 209,464,000
Miscellaneous   35,175,126
Total receipts, exclusive of loans '•329,567,126
Estimated Treasury receipts for fiscal year ending June
30,1866.
Customs receipts to April 1, 1866, (actual)
(coin)  S128.967.375
Internal revenue to April 1,1866, (actual) 243,890,548
Miscellaneous (actual) premium on gold.
&c  37,183,309
Actual aggregate receipts to April 1.. 410,041,232
Estimated custom receipts, April 1 to
June 30    30,000,000
Estimated internal revenue, April 1 to
June 30  60,000,000
Estimated miscellaneous, April 1 to J une
30  1,500,000
Total aggregate receipts from all
sources for the fiscal year ending
Juno 30,1866 $501,541,232
Estimate of receipts for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867.
Customs..:    $125,000,000
Internal revenue  260,000.000
Increase on cotton  15,000,000
Increase on spirits  15,000,000
Miscellaneous    10,000,000
425,000,000
Requirements of the Secretary of tho
Treasury  350,000,000
Available for reduction of taxation  $75,000,000
It will be seen that I estimate a reduction in
the revenue received from manufactures, on
account of a depreciation of \ij,lues, of about
twenty-five per cent., and a reduction upon
incomes and dividends of rather more than that
amount. It is true that we shall bo likely to
have a more perfect administration of the law;
and I take pleasure in saying that the present
Commissioner is a most diligent and conscien-
tious officer; but the increase of revenue on
this account will be at least counterbalanced
by many little favors distributed all through our
amendments, and which it is impossible to
accurately estimate.
We could not, if we would, levy an export
duty upon cotton, and, except for convenience
of collection, an excise tax may be better, as,
in the form it is here proposed, it is not neces-
sarily to be paid by the planter, and may, in
the same manner that, we now transport spirits,
be removed from one collection district to any
one other, upon giving bonds for tho payment
of the tax within ninety days, or upon its ar-
rival at its place of destination. The duties
will practically thus be paid by the purchaser.
In addition to this, while we guard our political
citadel here against the dangers of any insidi-
ous treason from any quarter, when it comes
to taxation we should not only be just but gen-
erous, and the drawback on manufactured cot-
ton, of all the taxes actually paid, in any form,
will redound most to the benefit of southern
and western States. They will at once manu-
facture coarse cottons and yarns and warps
much more extensively than they have hither-
to done. And the southern people will be the
last to surrender the system of a tax on cotton,
when once it shall be adopted and understood.
Until the production of cotton shall be so large
as to reduce the price below twenty cents per
pound, or exceeds the wants of the world, this
tax will not be greatly felt by Americans.
Should the tax at any time operate adversely
to our interests, as I do not think it can at
present, it must be reduced or removed as ex-
perience shall seem to require. Surely, if the
entire cotton crop of the United States, save
what we consume, could be exported in a man-
ufactured state, or even in a partially manu-
factured state, instead of exclusively as a raw
material, it would be an end worthy of states-
men, covering our country with blessings, and,
wronging no man, would do much toward ex-
tinguishing resentments and restoring kindly
feelings throughout the land. The southern
coast, and the banks of the Bio Grande, the.
Mississippi, the Mobile, the Tennessee, and the
Savannah would soon be decorated and en-
livened by factories, giving employment to
thousands, and bringing the culture and con-
tentment, the social life and comforts of organ-
ized industry into regions where hitherto useful
labor has worn the badge of dishonor. The
saving in freightage, and in the cost of food,
will secure at least handsome profits—possibly
large profits—to those who may engage in the
business. With prosperity human nature is
rarely disposed to make war. Make the South
prosperous, and we make them our friends.
With freedom for all, and with such measures
as will induce them to work, they may become
prosperous, and that through the policies of
the national Government. Even though the
cotton crop the present season should be but
a half of the standard crop, the price will be
so great that the South will realize more money
from it than in any year of our previous his-
tory, as the laws of trade for tho last seventy
years prove that a short crop is always more
valuable than a lull one, and hence the uni-
form effort to hide the fact of a great crop.
The .shrinkage of cotton in the process of
manufacture is about fifteen percent., and that
amount will be lost to the manufacturer in tho
drawback, and gained to the Government. The
principle is not novel. We return duties upon
imported goods when reshipped, and we gladly
allow spirits, tobacco, and all sorts of domestic
manufactures to go out of the country without
the payment of any internal tax. If it were
possible to ascertain with any precision the tax
paid on other raw materials when manufactured
for exportation, as we can on cotton, as, for
example, upon leather or iron, we should con-
sider it unquestionably wise to refund the full
amount paid.
Exports of the Manufactures of Cotton.
1853 $8,018,652
1856   6,583,109
1860  5,141,044
1863  051,835
1865  764,761
Tho largest export trade wo have ever known
of the manufactures of cotton was in 1853, when
it was a trifle over eight million dollars ; but in
consequence of the low-priccd Surat cotton and
tho lower-priced labor of Europe it has steadily
declined since that time, and during the late
war nearly ceased, not reaching $1,000,000
in 1805. Pass tho present law, however, and
wo shall speedily have restored to American
manufacturers and American merchants the
full amount of the foreign trade we ever enjoyed,
and in duo time our country will assume that
supremacy in the cotton trade of the world to
which it is so legitimately entitled.
The system of levying a tax upon home man-
ufactures would never have been dreamed of
but for the grave necessities of the hour. Our
Treasury was exhausted ; our people were un-
used to paying taxes ; a large party among our
people were not in harmony with the idea of
maintaining tho Union at all hazards and at
any cost; loans at home could only be obtained
at first in driblets; among foreign nations, with
aristocracies everywhere dominant, it was an.
irrepressible joy for* the organs of public opin-
ion to speak of our country as " the late United
States among them all there was no Louis
XVI to send us a man or to lend us a dollar,
or (with the single exception of Russia) even
to bid us God-speed in the task of putting down
a rebellion the most wicked in the annals of
mankind; and a war—not a little war, but a
great war—such as our country must and will
always wage, if it wages any, of illimitable pro-
portions had already begun. Under these cir-
cumstances we girded up our loins and became
self-reliant—alone but independent—and built
up the credit of the great American Republic
in the hearts of our own people; made them
see and feel that it would be safe to trust it,
by seeking objects of taxation which would
yield promptly and yield abundantly. The
experiment proved a success. During the
whole term of the war it was borne by our man-
ufacturers and by our whole people, not only
