1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
mense importance of this question, it is with
great pain and with some impatience that I have
listened to the efforts to defeat it on this side
of the_ House, and I wish to consider briefly the
objections urged to it.
_ I. It is insisted that the basis of representa-
tion should be voters only.
To this proposition there are these objections:
1. It is difficult to enumerate voters accu-
rately ; their qualifications are fixed by State
laws. We cannot send Federal officers into
every Stato to adjudicate, in disputed cases, the
rights of those claiming to be voters under the
State laws, as we should have to do.
2. Itwouldnotbejust; the voters of the coun-
try are unequally distributed. The old States
have fewer, the new Slates more, votersaeeord-
ing to the white population. In other woids,
there is a greater proportion of women and chil-
dren in the old States. These should be and
are represented. They are represented, in the
true sense of that word, by their fathers and
brothers. The man who represents them does
so really and practically, and not by legal fiction,
like the man who represents '' three fifths of all
other persons."
3. It takes from the basis of representation all
unnaturalized foreigners. I do not wish to dis-
cuss the question whether this would be judi-
cious or not, but I do not want a measure of
this almost supreme importance loaded down
with these questions, and its passage jeopard-
ized by the incorporation of provisions which
would render it so liable to attack and misrep-
resentation.
There is this other objection : if ten thousand
men in any State are disqualified by a State
law from voting by a property qualification, we
shall also deduct them from the basis of repre-
sentation for want of a property qualification,
a proposition odious to me, and which I believe
cannot be successfully commended to the peo-
ple. I think that the success of this proposi-
tion, inlo3"al States even, is wholly problemati-
cal, and we cannot afford to lose this opportu-
nity to correct a great wrong simply by a differ-
ence about words.
It is said that Massachusetts prescribes as a
qualification that voters should read and write,
and that the unfortunate class who are disfran-
chised in that State should be looked after.
Sir, has this exclusion ever worked harm to
the Union? Does it make a real practical dif-
ference between the voter of Massachusetts and
Illinois as to the influence each shall exercise
in the Government of the country? Besides, I
believe that practically it has no bearing even
in Massachusetts. I am informed by men who
have had great share in the politics of Massa-
chusetts, that no man is practically disfran-
chised in Massachusetts because he cannot
read and write, that it is never made a cause
of challenge. However that may be, we are
not now called to redress the wrongs of the
non-voters of Massachusetts; their exclusion
does not injure the nation practically, does not
deprive a man in Illinois of his due share in
the choice of President and Vice President,
and his due influence in Congress. We cannot
right all wrongs in a single measure; let us
confine ourselves to those in which we have a
practical interest.
It is said that the southern States may impose
a property qualification, and so exclude the
negroes, not on account of race or color, but
for want of a property qualification, or that
they might provide for a qualification of intel-
ligence, and so disfranchise the negroes because
they could not read or write, and siill enumer-
ate them. To do this they must first repeal all
the laws now denying suffrage to negroes; and
second, provide qualifications which will dis-
franchise half their white voters: two things
neither of which will, in any human probabil-
ity, occur. And in the event that it was possi-
ble that both these measures should be adopted,
and all the blacks and half the whites disqual-
ified, it would become a grave question whether
the provision of the Constitution which requires
the United States to guaranty to each State a
republican ferm of government would not au-
thorize the Government to rectify so gross a
wrong. There is no measure to which fanciful
objections may not be urged; 'but I believe this
to be the least objectionable of any measure
which has been suggested to meet this evil. But
above all, I am well persuaded that it is the only
measure that can meet the approval of three
fourths of the States; consequently, that this is
the only practical measure before the House.
To the propositions of the honorable gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloax,] ana of
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence,] there is this unanswerable objection,
they provide that taxation shall be based upon
the valuation of property, each one hundred
dollars' worth of property paying the same tax
with every other one hundred dollars' worth of
property. To this there are insuperable objec-
tions. Some species of property, like real estate
in the State of Illinois, is not sufficiently pro-
ductive to bear taxation, while some articles of
luxury merely, as spirits and tobacco, must and
can bear heavy imposts. Cotton, also, of which
we have a monopoly, must be taxed, and Eng-
land and France thus made to help bear the
burden they have helped to impose. These
projects are not now feasible.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. ORTH. I move the gentleman's time be
extended.
_ The SPEAKER. He is now speaking on the
time of his colleague.
Mr. BROMWELL. I give one minute more.
Mr. COOiL This amendment has been
presented by a very large committee of both
Houses, composed of our ablest representa-
tive men. We have now the opportunity to
pass this amendment which is the great ques-
tion of the time; we may effectually subdue
this rebellious power of slavery which has caused
us so much suffering and evil If by our want of
ability to agree upon an amendment upon which
we can unite and which will secure the support
of the country, we shall suffer this golden hour
to pass, then when we sec these Ilall s filled with
men elected from the States lately in rebellion
upon this unequal basis defiant and dictatorial
as of old, we shall look back with regret to this
time, when both the power and the opportu-
nity were given to us to right this great wrong,
and we may well bethink us of some answer to
be given to our people who have done arid suf-
fered so much to save tljis nation, why we did
not when wo had the power secure such an
amendment to the Constitution as would assure
every true and loyal man that he should count as
much in the administration of the Government
as any single traitor in the land.
Mr. BROMWELL resumed the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask my colleague to
yield to me.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will yield to my col-
league the remainder of my time.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I desire,
as I have not had the floor before, to make a
few remarks. I am not certain that I can pre-
sent them all in the few minutes allotted to me,
but I shall do so very briefly. The remarks
that 1 shall make are suggested entirely by the
debate that has taken place upon this floor to-
day, as I had no previous purpose or expecta-
tion of speaking upon thee questions.
I am surprised to hear my honorable colleague,
[Mr. Cook,] for whom 1 have very great regard,
avow himself in favor of the amendment pro-
posed by the committee. The honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr. Stevens,] who
reported this resolution, the leader of this House,
and I might say, if it would not be deemed of-
fensive, almost the master ofthe dominant party
on this floor, has avowed to-day that he abhors
the Constitution as it was made by our fathers
and has ever done so. and this has but con-
firmed me in an opinion which I have long
entertained, that the dominant party was organ-
ized upon principles of opposition to the Consti-
tution as it was made by our fathers, and that
when organized it was and now is a revolution-
ary party, and that it goaded us into civil war
for the purpose of bringing on the revolution
that they are now attempting to force upon tHe
country.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman as stating that I said I abhorred the
Constitution ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I understood the hon-
orable gentleman to say that he abhorred the
Constitution with the compromises as made in
it by our fathers.
Mr. STEVENS. I said I abhorred that
provision of the Constitution which recognized
slavery.
Mr. MARSHALL. The compromises of the
Constitution. I accept the explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. It is a thing I have said for
forty years, and therefore 1 cannot forget it.
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, the gentleman has
said it for forty years; he has been consistent
in that; and those who are following his lead
are actuated by the same principles, although
they do not as honestly avow it. They were
organized as a revolutionary party, with hatred
to the Constitution as it was framed by our fath-
ers, and they have goaded on this civil war for
the purpose of bringing about a revolution in
the Government and changing its organization.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from Illinois allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MARSHALL. I have but two or three
minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Did the dominant
party in this country, after the election of Mr.
Lincoln, goad on the rebellion when they abased"
themselves and presented an amendment to the
people of the United States guarantying to the
slave oligarchy and southern traitors that there
never should be an amendment to the Constitu-
tion without their consent? Was thatgoadmg
them on to war?
Mr. MARSHALL. I say that the whole
course of the dominant party after the election
of Mr. Lincoln was such as to satisfy my mind
that they desired civil war for the purpose of
bringing about this revolution. But I did not
rise for the purpose of speaking on that subject.
Sir, I am amazed to find any gentleman upon
this floor advocating the proposition that has
been reported by the committee. A more ob-
noxious one was never reported for the consid-
eration of a deliberative body. The gentlemen
who report it profess to be, and doubtless are,
the peculiar advocates of the African race. I
wish to ask them upon what principle of jus-
tice, upon what principle of free government,
they have provided that if, after this amend-
ment is adopted. South Carolina, Mississippi,
or any other State shall adopt a provision that
all white men over twenty-one years of age shall
be voters, and all black men who have two
hundred dollars' worth of property, and if there
shall be ten thousand legal black voters in such
State, upon what principle will you place in the
Constitution of the United States a provision
which would deprive these ten thousand legal
black voters of any representation upon the
floor of Congress, or of being considered in the
basis of representation ? And I wish to ask the
honorable gentleman who reported this amend-
ment if that is not the effect and result of the
amendment reported from the committee. And
my colleague [Mr. Cook] avows that he is in
favor of such amendment, although under
the laws of South Carolina. Mississippi, or Ken-
tucky, giving qualified suffrage to the negro, it
would deprive all black voters of representa-
tion, of any voice upon this floor, or of being
counted in the basis of representation. It cuts
off from representation here the black men in
New York who are allowed to vole by the con-
stitution and laws of that State. How can men
justify a proposition so monstrous, so enor-
mous as this is, and at the same time profess
to be the special advocates of progress and
reform?
This merely satisfies me of what I have been
satisfied before, that if any amendments are
necessary to the Constitution of our country,
this is not the time, and more especially is this
not the place, to inaugurate such amendments.
