1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
with a terrible grip, and braced himself back
at an angle of forty-five degrees. Cato, ap-
prehensiu; that something was wrong, 1ml. not
knowing what, called out, "Hello, Sambo!
W hat darky the hole?''' 1 call attention to the
sublime reply given by this unlettered African,
this dark-skinned child of a downtrodden race.
Words are powerless to express the thing bet-
ter: "If tail holt break, Cato, you'll very soon
find out what darky the hole."
I leave the lesson taught by this story to those
who have wit enough to divine it, and hasten
on, as my time is limited.
What harm can the rebel States do, provided
their people are still hostile to the Union, if
they should now be released from all restraint
and taken back into full fellowship? What con-
trol have we of them now that would in that
case be lost? What conditions-precedent can
we now demand and exact that we could not
then? What securities and guarantees is it
now in our power to obtain that would in that
case be beyond our reach? Under the Con-
stitution all powers not delegated to the Federal
Government are reserved to the States. With
the reserved power belonging to a State the
Federal Government has no right to inter-
meddle. In these regards a State that has re-
mained loyai and forfeited none of her fran-
chises may claim immunity from interference,
and if her rights are invaded may politelj' tell
the parent Government to attend to her own
business ; people sometimes get rich by it. It
is not so with the Territories. Congress has
legislated and may legislate for them, or may
grant legislative powers to the people, in winch
case llieir legislation may immediately go into
effect, or may be made to depend for its va-
lidity upon the consent and sanction of Con-
gress. Congress has fi cqnently annulled the
acts of Territorial Assemblies. Congress lias
frequently legislated and may legislate directly
for a Territory without the intervention of any
Territorial Assembly at all.
Congress has almost uniformly specified the
conditions upon which a Territory might become
a State and be admitted into the Union. Con-
gress has always taken upon itself the privilege
to scan closely the constitution of a State ap-
plying for admission, to determine whether its
provisions were republican, lo the end if they
were found not to lie the State might he re-
jected. The Governor, secretary of stale,
judges, and many of the officers of a Territory
are appointed by the President.; but he has
no such power in a State. It is easy to see that
the powers of the President and of Congress
are nlmost unlimited m a Territory up to the
time when it becomes a State of the Union,
and that then they are conlined within very
narrow bounds. Jf it is desirable that Con-
gress or the President should exercise author-
ity, impose terms, annex conditions, or take
jurisdicl ion. it is as important t hat it should be
done while il constitutionally maybe done, as
to strike when the iron is hot or to make hay
while the sun shines. lie who fails to control
his child when In; legally may will not be apt
to control him when lie legally may not. lie
who parts with his property without taking se-
curity at the time he may demand if, will not
be likely to get security after the property lias
parsed beyond his reach and the purchaser
become insolvent. To wait till a State is
admitted-before demanding guarantees, that
she may set us at dciiance. is worse folly than
locking the stable after the horse is gone, or
sending for the doctor after the patient is dead.
But it is said that the rebel States are not Ter-
ritories. Well, they may not be, but do they
not bear a nearer resemblance to a Territory
than to a State of the Union? We shall see in
the sequel, when the maimer in which our Pre-d-
deni has dealt with thein is brought up in mar-
tial anay ; and it may be well here to saythat,
though a Territory is not a State yet it is in
the United States of America, within the juris-
diction of the Government and part of the gov-
erned. And is not that the status of these re-
bellious communities, and will they not con-
tinue to remain in that status until readmitted
by Congress?
In this connection it will be borne in mind
that our President is a Democrat, a strict con-
structionist, a State-rights man in the just and
reasonable interpretation of that term, and
would be guilty of no usurpation of power. The
law-making power is the highest and most sacred
attribute of a State. A State that cannot make
and unmake its own laws within constitutional
limits without the interference of outsiders is
no State at all. A law of one of the Stares of
the Union not in conflict with the Constitution
can only be annulled or repealed by the power
that made it, and President Johnson would
sooner cut otf his right arm than to issue a
proclamation declaring Indiana or Pennsylva-
nia to be in a state of dissolution, without con-
stitution or laws, and commanding the people
to meet in convention, make a new constitution,
and ieinaugurate civil governnent. ''That's
his style" of giving the rebel States libit of his
mind, and letting them know his opinion and
telling them what he wants them to do. Took
at his North Carolina proelamat ion, wherein he
tells the people they are deprived of all civil
government, and goes on and intimates to them
what to do. It is as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. SiiEi.T.ABARGKi;] said, a carefully prepared
state paper, issued under the attest of the Sec-
retary of State, and the language of which has
been seven times repealed in (hat many differ-
ent proclamations, as applied to that many dif-
ferent, States.
[ will not read the body of these proclama-
tions, but this is the preamble:
" \rhp!V.');- the rebellion whieh lias boon v.'o:rcd by
a portion of (ho people of the United States against
the property constituted authorities ot' the Govern-
ment thereof, in tie ne'er violent and revolting form,
but whorie organized and armed (mees havenow been
almost entirely overcome, has, in its revolutionary
pi ogress, deprived tlie people of the State of ]Nroith
Catolmaoi all civil ^overuinent."
Is this (he stuff the Union is made of? States
deprived of all civil government.! Slates with-
out government! 1 thought a Slate, to be in
the Union must not only have a government,
but a republican ^ovornuient. at that. That is
my reading of the Constitution. Have 1 read
it to so Utile purpose as to be mistaken? is
not the Federal Union bound to guaranty (o
nil the State" a republican government? If so.
how can a Stale without any kind of govern-
ment be a part of the Federal Union? It is a
solecism I am ashamed to combat in the hear-
ing of reasoning men.
Under the Constitution, the States of the
Union, elect their own Governors. There is
no such thing in that instrument as a provis-
ional governor; the term cannot be found, much
less the power. Still I am not doubting the
war power in a revolted State. But would not
a President have a happy time in appointing a
Governor for Pennsylvania or Indiana? And
why may he not. appoint a Governor for In-
diana as well as for South Carolina or Mis-
sissippi? Because the Constitution is in force,
in the formet, .and has been o\erthrown in the
latter; the former is a State of the Union,
the latter disorganized communities within tile
territorial limits of the United States. The
powers that appropriately belong to a State of
the Union are no booh; they are absolute
rights, subject only to forfeiture for crime.
Within the powers that pertain to States of
the Union, they legislate according to their
own will and pleasure.
The historv of our Government from its
foundation affords not a single instance of out-
side dictation. It is sacred and hallowed
ground, subject to no profanation from the
President down to the humblest citizen. There
never was a moment when the people would
not have regarded such a thing, if submitted
to, as the death-knell of liberty. If attempted
to-day a .storm of indignation would sweep
the land before which no mortal man could
stand. And yet our God-fearing, law-abiding,
and power-distrusting President quietly goes
down, so lo speak, into Dixie, and says to this
gallant and noble race of men, these lords of
creation, who bow the knee to none but God,
and whose motto he knows to bo, death before
dishonor, that they have by the war been de-
prived of all civil government; that their laws
and constitutions have all been overthrown,
are null and void and of no effect, and that
they have no government. He tells the Gov-
ernors elected by the people to stand aside,
that a Governor cannot live longer than the
government, and he hurls them aside as uncere-
moniously as a boy slings a hen from her nest
that attempts to sit without eggs, and without
half as much resistance. Andhe appoints what
have been called, appropriately enough, provis-
ional governors, and having thus disposed of
their Governors and appointed his own, in-
structs them to disregard all existing State laws
and constitutions and to begin de novo, call
conventions and make new ones ; reconstruct
from the ground up.
Nay, 1 am proud to say that ho does not stop
at that, that, he does not hesitate to tell them
in unmistakable language what laws and or-
dinances it would be agreeable to him if they
w ould adopt; it, would increase their chances of
being admitted into Congress, and of being per-
mitted to take their places in the Government
of the country. The very recital of the condi-
tions-precedent by him at various times laid
down—and he never laid down one that was
not right in the sight of God and man—gladdens
the heart, and is enough to make an honest
man, a patriot, fatten on the short ribs, though
they would in the palmy days of the chivalry of
the land have evoked a tempest. ''They must
repeal their ordinances of secession; they must
repudiate the confederate del it: they must adopt
a consititution of freedom and ratify the con-
stitutional amendment abolishing slavery; they
must secure the freedom of the slave by just
laws, permit him to testily as a witnes. and when
wronged or doing wrong to sue and be sued."
And when all this and perhaps more that I do
not recollect is done, they then may stand some
chance of getting into the Union. Far be it
from me to complain of this dictation, as the
Democrats used to style it. I think it was all
right. If there is any complaint to be, made
against the President it is that lie did not go
quite fur enough; but God bless him for what
he did do, and lead him onward in the pathway
of wisdom and justice. Pet us noi be acrimo-
nious or speak as though we had slaked our
thirst, at the fountains of bitterness. He haa
been faithful in the past, and he will not, 1 feel
sure, be faithless now.
In this way the President has accomplished
much that may he happily consummated by Con-
gress ; but,disguise it as you may, itwasbecause
these States had not the control of their own
affairs that he has been enabled to accomplish
any of these things. But for this he would
have had no propelling power. They would
have snapped their lingers in his teeth and
laughed him to scorn. As it is, they have sub-
mitted to the drawing of eye-teeth; but have
still been unable to stifle the agonized groans.
The good we have already accomplished could
not have been attained,would have been utterly
beyond our reach, had these States before that
time been admitted back into the Union in such
way as to stand as if they had never rebelled.
Ali the world knows that in that case they would
have made no concessions. Our strength and 
their weakness lay in the fact that they had for-
feited their rights as members of the Union,
and that that forfeiture had not yet been re-
mitted. But for thai we would have been scorn-
fully told that they had no favors to ask at our
hands. We are indebted io this " lorfeiture,''
hanging over them as a rod of terror, for every
inch of ground we have gained, and 1 would
still keep them out awhile in the belief that
thev may possibly be stimulated to do right, by
the"hope of thereby getting in. Much good has
been accomplished, but as I think much that is
desirable yet remains unaccomplished, 1 for one
am not willing yet to let up. It would be but to
slumber in the lap of Delilah to wake up shorn
