1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3895
sions that are nccessary in the country. The
object of this clause is to give time in order to
allow any bill that may be passed to go into
effect; and I hope one will be passed giving
relief to a certain extent. Several plans have
been proposed, not to oblige them to call in
their circulation and distress the community all
about them until we can see whether they can
have an opportunity to convert by withdraw-
ing the circulation from those States which have
so much more than they want to use, cutting
them down and giving a chance to the State
banks which are left in different sections of the
country to be converted into national banks.
That is the object.
Now, whether the time allowed should be a
year or not is perhaps a question. It is put at
a year in the amendment of the committee for
the reason that that will carry us over the next
session of Congress, at which I suppose, if it
is not done at this—a bill has been reported in
the other House on the subject—some remedy,
some relief, will be afforded to those sections of
country where they have in fact no banking
facilities under the operation of the law. A line
cannot bo carried straight square through and
be considered without reference to the incon-
venience it produces to the people everywhere.
We must, try to accommodate ourselves to the
wants of all sections, if we can.
With regard to the other provision of which
the Senator speaks, it is intended to meet a
case which [ was very anxious to meet, where
a State bank had not been converted into a
national bank in point of fact, but had so ar-
ranged as to become a national bank and at
the same time keep up its old organization,
kept out all the circulation it was entitled to
under its charter and then continued issuing,
not only the new circulation, but also the old,
thus having a double circulation. That was
an evil which ought to be met. If any national
bank practiced it, as some did, it ought to be
corrected.
I do not suppose that, this provision will
stand exactly as it is before the committee of
conference. It was inserted here, as I thought,
by the consent of all the Committee on Fi-
nance, in order to give an opportunity in the
committee of conference to arrange the mat-
ter so that those sections of the country that
are suffering for this very reason might be re-
lieved, and X certainly hope it may be per-
mitted to stand. We shall never bo able to
accomplish anything unless wo take the mat-
ter into our own hands, for I am perfectly sat-
isfied that if the Comptroller of the Currency
cannot, get the one hundred millions of addi-
tional capital which he proposes and which he
desires to have, but which Congress is not. dis-
posed to grant, he will unquestionably oppose
everything that affords temporary relief to the
community unless it is done in his own way.
1 hope the Senate will allow this provision to
stand as it is, and if there is any error or dan-
ger about it the committee of coiu'erenee of
the two Houses can undoubtedly arrange the
matter without difficulty so as to produce no
evil. If a year is too long, cut the time down
to six months.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator fioin Ohio by sub-
stituting therefor 
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot do that;
his is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see. I was about to
propose an amendment as a middle ground
which appeared to me to be just between the
views of the Senator from Ohio and the views
of the Senator from Maine. I will state the
purpose of my amendment, as it may possibly
have some cfl'ect on the minds of Senators in
voting upon the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, as I perceive that my amendment,
is not at this moment in order, if the amend-
ment of the committee, as it liowstands, is left,
it gives State banks an advantage over national
banks, by an excessive circulation. For in-
stance, in the State of Vermont by law State
banks are authorized to circulate their notes to
twice the amount of their capital; and in other
Stales they are authorized to circulate proba-
bly the full amount of their capital, possibly
in some States more. Now, by act of Con-
gress, national banks are in no instance author-
ized to circulate in excess of ninety per cent,
of their capital, and in some instances a much
less percentage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they get six per
cent, on their capital out of the Government,
which the other banks do not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The other banks do in
the same way, for the reason that every bank
in my State has the whole or nearly the whole
of its capital invested in United States bonds,
and tliey draw their interest upon them, and
do their banking business on what among pri-
vate persons would be regarded as a. kind of
kiting. It is perfectly safe, however, because
they are secured ; but if there should be a run
upon them they would have to realize and sell
their bonds. As it is, every bank invests in
Government securities, and then the bank is-
sues its own circulation and keeps it running
round and round. It is no reproach to them,
because the law allows it, and it is just as safe
because their loans are secure. Therefore it
is that this bill, as it now stands, makes an
unjust discrimination in favor of the old Stale
banks, and against, the very banks that are
organized under the national statute. I think
there is great force in what the Senator from
Maine has said as to the necessity for a larger
circulation in some sections of the country
than would exist without these Slate banks
To meet that, 1 propose to tax the excess of
their circulation above their capital fir above
ninety per cent, of it, with ten per cent, now;
but to all State banks that are willing to come
down to a national basis of ninety per cent, or
below, I am willing to grant, an extension.
Mr. FFSSliNDEN. I wish the Senator
would allow that to go over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am obliged to allow it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The State of Vermont,
where the banks are of which the Senator
speaks, will undoubtedly be represented in the
committee of conference, and that can be sug-
gested then as a basis of uction.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio will prevail. When
this tax was originally provided for 1 urgently
advocated making it commence on the 1st of
July, 1805. I think it was a mistake that it
was not made to take effect on the 1st of July,
1SU5. Our object then was to compel State
banks to drop into the national organization ;
! and had we adopted thai provision then, every
State bank would have organized at, once under
the national system ; but they stood out in my
State and finally came in reluctantly. They
fought as long as they could fight, and at last
gave way and organized under the national sys-
tem. I regret, that, this tax was not, made opera-
live on the Jstof July, 1805; but,as it was then
fixed at JHtiO, and as it has been understood up
to this time that it would take effect on the 1st
of July, 18(10, I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio will prevail, and that we
shall make il operative at the time then fixed.
It certainly cannot, be a haidship on any State
banking organization, for they have now had a
year and a half notice, and it'tliey are not pre-
pared it is their own fault; they ought to be
prepared.
Mr. SHERMAN. The proposition made by
the Senator from Vermont will not answer,
because this is not a tax upon the bank ; it is
a tax upon the circulation of the bunk paid
out after the 1st of July next. If the hank
would simply draw in and retain its circulation
it would not be subject to any tax. 'This is
only a tax on what is paid out after the 1st of
July. That is the only effect of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My point is exactly that
it is a tax. as the Senator from Ohio says, upon
the circulation paid out after the 1st of July;
but if you leave it as the bill now stands, a
bank in my State for every hundred thousand
dollars of capital can pay out §200,000 in cur
rency, and therefore it has an unjust advantage
over a national bank ; but I think, in order to
relieve the people and let these State banks
run awhile, that it would be just to put them
down to the national basis of ninety per cent.,
and then let them run to the next session.
With that it would accomplish much of the
object the Senator from Ohio has in view.
Mr. SHERMAN. 'They all understood the
law would take effect on the 1st of July.
The amendment of Mr. Sherman" was agreed
to—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senate, I propose to strike out "July" and
insert "August," ["No objection,"] as the rest
of the bill takes effect on that day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
excepted amendment will be read.
The, Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was on page 110, in lines twenty-
six hundred and forty-three and twenty-six
hundred and fifty, to strike out "foreign ex-
change."
Air. SPRAGUE. If the chairman of the
committee will consent that promissory notes
should also be struck out of the same clause, I
would make no objection to this amendment.
Foreign exchange moves the commodities of
foreign countries. Promissory notes move and
take care of the products of our own country.
Section ninety-nine, which this clause amends,
imposes a tax on sales of bullion, coin, gold,
promissory notes, and other securities,and taxes
them at the rate of one cent for every $1011, and
on all sales and contracts for sale negotiated
by any person, firm, or company not paying a
special tax as a broker, bank, or banker, of any
gold or silver bullion, coin, promissory notes,
stocks, bonds, orotliersecurities, nothisortheir
own property, the tax is at the rate of five cents
for every $100. If a person draws a check on
a bank at sight the stamp is, as all know, two
cents. I f he issues his note for $100, it is live
cents. Foreign exchange is divided into first,
.second, and third bills of exchange ; and upon
each bill instead of five cents, the stamp is two
cents, making foreign exchange pay six cents,
because five cannot be divided into three parts
without leaving a fraction ; and for that reason
the stamp tax on foreign exchange is to a cer-
tain extent somewhat higher than the stamp
upon promissory notes. Rut to offset that there
is the difference between gold and currency.
Take for instance a bill of exchange for £200,
which would be equal in the market to about
$1,500. The bill of sale upon that exchange
would be $1,500, whereas the stamp placed
upon that bill of exchange would only be a
stamp for S1.000, or fifty cents. If it was a
note for $1,500, the slamp duty would be
seventy-five cents. It is veiy apparent, there-
fore, that foreign exchange is permitted to be
passed and issued at a less rate than promissory
notes are permitted to be negotiated and sold.
It may not be known, but it is nevertheless the
fact that promissory notes have become as much
a commodity of sale necessary _ to trade as
stocks, bonds, and other securities. I trust,
therefore, that the committee will not Sosist,
upon striking " foreign exchange " out of this
portion of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a good deal
of force in what the Senator says; but I sub-
mit to him that if these words be not struck
out now, there will be no way of amendingthe
clause, if found to be wrong. Some members
of the House committee think it was wrong to
insert these words ; that they ought, to be out.
1 thinlc the Senator had bctterleave the amend-
ment in, and we can consider it in the com-
mittee of conference, I am very much inclined
to a reo in his views on the subject; but still
I do not like to tie my hands in case it shall
bo found that foreign exchange ought to be
excluded. There are some arguments that
