412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
I believe, notwithstanding the conceded wis-
dom, ability, and virtue of this House, that the
fathers who framed our glorious Constitution
were wiser, better, and nobler than we are; yet
every day we have offered here some dozen or
twenty proposed amendments to the Constitu-
tion, offered as if we were discussing resolu-
tions in a town meeting. There seems to be no
more regard here for the Constitution and its
guarantees, as our fathers made it, than there
would be for resolutions in a common caucus
or in a town meeting. It is monstrous, it is
absurd, and I hope the House will return to the
ways of wisdom, and go to other and legitimate
work of legislation, restore the Union, and
bring relief and consolation to the hearts of
thousands and millions of loyal people who are
looking to this body to restore the Union of the
States, aunion of hands and a union of hearts,
under the Constitution of our fathers.
Having shown, as I believe I have, that the
proposition, as reported by the committee, is
wholly untenable, is monstrous, absurd, damna-
ble in its provisions, a greater wrong and (mi -
rage on the black race than anything that has
ever been advocated by others, I will, if I have
time, refer to another point. The remarks I
am now making arc entirely extemporaneous.
I understood the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kbi.i.et] to take the position,
some days ago, that under the Constitution, as
it now exists, Congress has the power to regu-
late suffrage in the States.
Mr. KEUJ3Y. Yes. sir ; in accordance with
the opinions of those who framed the Conslitu-
tion, ami those who were in the convention of
Virginia, which ratified it.
Mr. MAUSIfyVljIj. Whore does the gentle-
man get that power? 1 know he refers to flic
section of the Constitution which sa\s:
"The times, places, and manner of hoklinpr elec-
tions lor Senators and Jlepresentatives .shall be pro-
scribed m ouch State by the Lecu-laturo thereof; hut
the Congress may at any time, by law. make or alter
such regulations, exoopt as to the places of choosinc
feenators."
Now, that clause refers onlv to Senators and
Representatives in Congress.'Does the gentle,-
man pretend that under this clause of the Con-
stitution Congress has any power over flu1 quali-
fications ol <deetors for Governors or members
of the State legislature?
Mr. K K1, Lli Y. N ot. at. all.
Mr. MAitS 11A1 jIj It is admitted, then, that
Congress has no power over the qualifications
of those who shall vote for members of [he 1 jegis-
laturcand Covernor. Now i wish lo know from
the gentleman, who admit that Congress has
no power over the qualifications of electors for
the most numerous branch of the Slate Legis-
lature.
Mr. KhiLLEY. f did not so understand the
question of the gentleman. 1 understood him
to refer to Senators and Governors.
Mr. MAltSilALL. f said, Governors or
mcmbeis of (lie State hegislalure." Then I
would c,-ill the aftenlion of 1 lie gentleman to the
foliowini; I lause of the Constitution :
"The JIoum; of lU'tu'CMnifalive^ s!i:il! lie composed
ot member-* cluwen every second year bvtlie i.coole
states, aim tin: electors in each State
shall luiv e tao qualifications requisite for elcetois of
tne moht numerous branch of the State Legislature."
Thai leaves this question entirely in 1 he hands
of the State, as has be,en explained by all the
expounders oi the Constitution. I know the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr. Kelixv]
read as authority some extracts from a debate
in the convention of Virginia.. Put the doc-
trine stated in that debate did not touch the
question of suffrage at all; it related merely to
the mode and manner of holding" elections.
It was argued in that convention, and very prop-
erly, that if Congress had no control over the
subject. the Legislatures of the States might
decline or refuse to appoint, a place for, "or
prescribe a modeof,holding elections for mem-
bers of C ongress, That discussion did not
touch the (j notion of suffrage; aud the debate
which the gentleman read here does not touch
that question. The idea clearly expressed in
thatdebateisthat.iftheStatel.egislaturesdonot
provide the time and place of the election, and
the mode of rccciving the votes for members
of this House. Congress shall then have the power
to interpose and fix the ''time, place, and man-
ner" of holding the elections.
Mr. jKELLEY. 3f the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him for one moment, I desire
to say that if he had listened to my remarks he
would have learned that Mr. Madison, in the
Convention that framed the Constitution, as-
serted directly that the States might control
those matters to which the gentleman has just
alluded, but that the control of the suffrage was
vested in Congress.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, it is utterly
impossible, by any rules of construction that
have ever properly been applied to language, to
place any such construction as that upon the
simple clause in the Constitution which has been
read. I admit that, in the debates in the Vir-
ginia convention, at. the time when the Consti-
tution was under discussion in that body, Mr.
Madison, in a running debate, is reported as
having used certain language which is suscept-
ible of the construction which the gentleman
has placed upon it. But. sir, although such h
the tact, yet the language of the Constitution
itself, the uniform construction of this clause by
those who took part in framing that instrument,
the exposition of it by Alexander Hamilton in
the Federalist, and by other distinguished au-
thors, show conclusively that up to the time
when the gentleman from Pennsylvania avowed
his peculiar doctrine in the House the other day
no man in ihe United States ever dreamed that
any such power existed in Congress. It has
been conceded, wherever the question has been
raised, before the courts, in the Halls of Con-
gress, and everywhere else, that the power to
regulate the t ight of .suffrage exists in the States,
and in the States alone.
Mr. Hamilton, in the Federalist, No. 52.
treating of this very question, uses the following
language:
" The first view to bo, taken of this part of the flov-
erninent (the lions'.' of llepi ehentaf1\os] rein Iesto the
(nullifications of the elertois and the elected. Those
of tho former arc fo be, the same with those of the
electors of the most numerous branch of tho State
Legislatures. Tho definition of the, vicht of Miffrage
i^ veiy .iu.stly regarded as a fundamental article of re-
paid u-an i'orei nmenl. It wa- iri<-umhent, on the Con-
vention. tin i I'fi>1 <•, to drttne and o:-tabh-h tins right
in the, Con-dilutum. To hare left it open for the ( (<-:i.
fUon;il regulat ion ot the Congress would Inn e been ini-
pioper Jor the i canons in-1 luent ioned. To have sub-
mitted it to the ('"-'illative discretion of the Statis
would have been improper for the, .same reason : and
foi the additional icaMm that, it would have rendered
tno dependent on the Slute ico\ eminent^ that branch
of the Federal (Jovoi nnv<nt which oiurht to be depend-
ent on the people alone. To have reduced the ditler-
ent quohheaf ions in thedilleient States to one uni-
foi m ruic would proby My ha ve been as di-sUi-f.ietory
to s<une of the States aw it would have been difficult
I to the Convention. The provision made by the Con-
\ctilion appeals, theiefoie, to be the bctd that lay
wit Inn their np I ion. It nund hi- ^atislaet ory to evei y
State, beenuse il, is coufoimalde to tiic standard al-
i ead> est a bludied <>r winch may be e«tnM jshcl bv t he
State it-.-lf, 11 u iil be ^afe to the Unit> d States, in -
cau.se. heinir the.I by the State i'onfditution>, it i- not
alterable bv the Stale 'revermnent.s: and it cannot be
A :u ed thai t he people of the States will alter this pai t
of their constitutions in such manner as to abndire
the ic-djts secured to tliem by the Federal Constitu-
tion."
F propose to read one other authority on this
question, although J submit that, without any
authority on the subject, no just rules of con-
struction that have ever been applied to the ex-
position of language would sustain ihe interpre-
tation which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has placed upon thai clause of the Constitution,
f will icad the language of Mi. Curtis, who, in
the second volume of his History of the Con-
stitution. page ;200. says, in speaking of this
very clause of the Con citation:
" The t onmntt < e of detail, a ft er a re\ lew of all these
con-ideratiuns, presented a ^cli-mie that w ,h well
adapted to meet, the (jifiKuUie-- ot the cise. Thev
piopo.-ed that the >nrne persons. ho, by the iaw< ot
the ,-cvci al Stat omtoi <• aduu I ted to v. ,r bo niuobei>>
of tlienjo.-r nunn-K.a- bram h of their own Le^Li-
t are-, should ha ve the u^hr to \ o( e fa the Hep! cmui t-
au\e- of <_oii_Te-'s._ The adoption ot tins pnnuple
avouled tho noce^ify of dMi.uu hi-ang anv poifion
ot the people o{ a State by a sy>Hnu of qualification^
unknown to their huvs. As the States were tin hot
judgi^ of the circumstances nod tempei of then own
people, it was certainly be.st 1 o conciliate them to the
support of the new Constitution by this concession.
It was possible,, indeed, but not very probable, that
they might admit foreigners to the ri^h*. of voting
without the previous qualification of citizenship. It
was possible, too. that they micrht e?tab!i°h universal
suffrage in its most unrestricted sen?e. But against all
these evil*, there existed one great security, namelv,
that the mischiefs of an absolutely free suffrage would
be felt most severely by themselves in their own do-
mestic concern?; and against the special danger to be
apprehended troni the indiscriminate admission of
foreigners to the right of voting, another feature of
the proposed pi an gave tho. national Legislature power
to withhold from persons of foreign birth the privi-
leges of general citizenship, although a State might
confer upon them tho power of voting without .pre-
vious naturalization."
There is a standard work on the Constitution
of the United States where the law is fully and
plainly laid down as possible. And I would not
have deemed it proper to make this exposition
had not nn intolerable construction been placed
upon the Constitution, when there is nothingin
that instrument, or in anything connected with
the history of the provision referred to, which
for a moment will bear such a construction.
I have already trespassed on the good nature
of the House further than 1 designed. 1 only
rose for the purpose of alluding to these two
points. At some other time 1 may discuss all
of these amendments to the Constitution.
Mr. SOHENCK obtained the lloor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Air. Speaker, I
have the permission of my friend to ask unani-
mous consent to correct a joint resolution I
submitted the other day, three lines having
been omitted in printing it} and also that it be
ordered to be printed as corrected.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
according! v.
Mr. SCIIENCK then addressed the House.
[ILis speech, as revised by himself, will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. ETDRIDGE obtained thclloor, but gave
way to
Mr. UrGBY, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 25, 1366.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. IT. Cray.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. FOOT. I r'se to ask to be excused from
further service upon the Committee on Pen-
sions. I will state that.it so happens that (have
been placed upon four of the standing commit-
tees of the Senate, besides one special commit-
tee, and as 1 make it a matter of duty to attend
all the meetine,s of all the committees upon
which f have been placed, it occupies more, of
my time than 1 can well spare; and having
intended, v.hen some new members came into
the body, 1o retire from one or mot e of those
committees, I therefore now a.-k to he excused
from further service on the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Js it the
pleasure of the Senate to excise the Senator
from Vermont from further service upon ihe
Committee on Pensions for the reasons stated'/
'The question being put, Mr. Foot was ex-
cused.
Mr. FOOT. I now move that the vacancy
in the Committee on Pensions be filled by ap-
pointment by the Chaii.
The motion was agreed to, by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CRIMES. I am in the same category
with the Senator from Vermont, occupying u
place upon four committees. I ask the Senate,
therefore, to excuse me from further service
upon the Committee on Public hands.
The roquost was granted.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Chair be
authorised to fill ihe vacancy.
The motion was agreed to, by unanimous
consent.
