1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■PETITION'S AXD MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Alonzo
Morse, praying for payment for certain United
States notes lost by the burning of his dwelling
on or about the Gthday of July last; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I have received a petition
from John P. Brown, secretary and dragoman
of our legation at Constantinople, in which he
sets forth a series of services as charge d'af-
faires at Constantinople, in the absence of the
minister, for which he has never received any
compensation, and he prays that compensation
may be made to him on account of them. I
move the reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. And at the same
time I move that the Senate order that the pa-
pers on file relating to the claim of John P.
Brown for services as charge d'affaires at Con-
stantinople be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, presented a petition of mem-
bers of the American church at Kingsessing,
Philadelphia; a petition of the Bellefonte Equal
Rights League; a petition of the Morning Star
Equal Rights League, Kingsessing, and seven
other petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for such an amendment of the Constitution
of the United States as will prohibit legislation
within any of the States or Territories against
any portion of the inhabitants thereof on ac-
count of race or color, and that all such legis-
lation now existing may be declared null and
void; which were referred to the joint commit-
tee to inquire into the condition of the so-called
confederate States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of
the establishment of a mail route from Medina
to the city of Leavenworth, and from Lawrence
to Grasshopper Falls in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Paul
S. Forbes, praying to be relieved from his con-
tract with the Navy Department to build the
sloop-of-war Idaho ; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the peti-
tion and other papers of "William Pierce, of San
Francisco, California, praying for an issue to him
of duplicate bonds in place of four Oregon war
bonds lost by the burning of the steamer Golden
Gate on the 27th of July, 1802, may be taken
from the files and referred to the Committee
on Claims; and I present additional papers in
relation to the claim, to take the same direction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Indiana county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the adoption of such an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States as will forever
prevent any State from making any distinction in
civil rights and privileges among the naturalized
citizens of the United States residing within its
limits, or among persons born on its soil, on
account of race, color, or descent; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition from citizens of
western Pennsylvania, praying that the tax laws
may be so amended as to exempt from their
provisions all coal boats, coal flats, and coal
barges which are used exclusively for carrying
coals to market, and not used for any other
purpose whatever; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of the officers
of the Ivitanning Bank, in Armstrong county,
Pennsylvania, praying for either an amendment
of the national bank law reducing the tax upon
the circulation of that bank, or for special au-
thority for its conversion to a national bank; j
which wasreferredtotbeCommitteeon Finance, j
He also* presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying that the revenue laws,
both as applied to internal taxation and duties
on foreign imports, be so adjusted as to secure
the amplest protection to the labor and indus-
try of the country in all their branches; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Finance.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. M. J.
Dixon, of the city of Alexandria, Virginia, in
which she alleges that her property was sold at
a tax sale by the officers of the United States,
which sale she thinks should be set aside, and
she prays Congress to take such action as may
conduce to that end; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRESWELL presented the petition o
J- J-' Young, a^ captain on the reserved list
United States Navy, praying to be allowed his
pay from August 12,1854, the date of his com-
mission, until March 10, 18G5, the date of the
actual issuance thereof; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DIXON. The Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 71) relative to the sale of postage
stamps and stamped envelopes on credit, have
instructed me to report it back with an amend-
ment, and I move that the letter of the Post-
master General relative to the bill and the rea-
sons for it may be printed with the amended
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 53) authorizing the
Secretary of War to grant the use of a portion
of military reserve on St. Clair river, in the
State ot Michigan, for railroad purposes; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
CLERKS IN THE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT. "
Mr. DIXON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 90) authorizing an
increase of the clerical force in the Post Office
Department, to report it back without amend-
ment and with a recommendation that it pass,
and also to ask that it maybe acted upon at this
time, if there be no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itrequires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the hill on the day it is reported.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which authorizes the Postmaster Gen-
eral, to employ four clerks of class one, seven
of class two, fourteen of class three, and four
of class four, who are to be paid until the 30th of
June, lSiifi, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to know why
the passage of this bill becomes necessary. I
have seen no report from the committee on the
subject, and have hoard nothing saidin i ts behalf.
Mr. DIXON. 1 ask that the letter from the
Postmaster General, accompanying the bill, and
stating the reasons for it, may be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Post Office Department,
Washington, January 19, 1866.
Sir: I have Ihohonorfotransmitherewithforyour
approval, the draft of a bill authorizing an addition
to the clerical force of tins Department.
The great increase ot clerical tabor incident to the
restoration of the postal service throughout the south-
ern State", added to the largely increased postal bu>i-
ncss m the northern States : shown by the recent
annual report of the operations of this Department,
has rendered the addition of clerie.il force called lor
by this bill necessary to the prompt and satisfactory
transaction of the bu^inc.-.-, ot this Department.
The number and classification of the additional
clerkships required have been carefully arranged by
the heads of the respective bureius after consulta-
tion with each other, and with myselt, and I am satis-
fied that a les-s number than those asked for m this
bill would notbesuilicient for the proper management
of the business of the Department. As the services of
these additional clerks ai egrca'.ly needed at this time,
I trust that the bill may be acted upon with as little
delay as possible.
I shall be happy to make further explanations to
your eommiitee, if desired, either by letter or in per-
son, as may be most agreeable.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. DENNISOX,
Postmaster General.
Hon. J. Dixon, Chairman Committee on Post (J dices
and Post Hoads, United States Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without I
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athir<J
reading, read the third time, and passed:
OREGON LAND DISTRICTS.,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 30) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Oregon, to :
report it back and recommend its passage with
one amendment.
_ Mr. WILLI A MS. I ask for the present con-
sideration of that bill. I think there can be no
objection to its passage. It has been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
^ Mr. GRIMES. I have not heard what the
bill is which we are asked to consider.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state, in reply to
the Senator from Iowa, that it is a bill to create
an additional land office in the State of Oregon.
Some of the settlers up the Columbia river have
to travel now about three hundred miles to en-
ter their lands. The Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office tells me that there are impor-
tant settlements in that locality, and that they
ought to be provided with another office. It
increases the public expendituies §1,000 and
the expenses of the office, such as rent, fuel,
and stationery.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 30)
to create an additional land district in the State
of Oregon was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to establish an additional land
district in the State of Oregon and to fix its
boundaries, which district shall be named after
the place at which the office shall first be estab-
lished ; and the President is from time to time,
as circumstances may require, to adjust the
boundaries of the various land districts in that
State, and to change the seat of the land office.
A register and "receiver are provided for, to
reside at the site of the office, to receive the
same fees and perform like services as other
land officers in that State.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands was, in line fourteen of section one, to
strike out the word " seat" and insert "loca-
tion," so as to make the clause read, "and to
change the location of the land office from time
to time."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 97) in addition to the several acts for es-
tablishing the temporary and permanent seat of
Government of the United States, and resume
the legislative powers delegated to the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill CS. No.
08) to incorporate the Metropolitan Fire and
Marine Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia. _
Mr. NESMlTH asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 99) granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military road
from Albany, Oregon, to the eastern boundary
of said State ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 100) to establish a post road from Wallala,
in Washington Territory, to Helena, in Mon-
tana Territory; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
