1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
this question settled at the earliest moment
practicable, but when it fs settled they want
"security for the future" if they cannot obtain
'' indemnity for the past." How to obtain that
security is the question of the hour, and it is,
considering all things, the most grand and seri-
ous and vitally important question ever up for
settlement in an American Congress. It can-
not be settled by crimination and recrimination;
it cannot safely be adjusted by appeals to the
passions and prejudices of the people; nor yet
can it bo reached by returning power and influ-
ence to those so recently engaged in the mad
attempt by force of arms to destroy the Gov-
ernment.
Now, in regard to the. proper policy to he
pursued in regard to these States, T will con-
sider some of the theories which have been ad-
vanced. Looking at the proclamation of Mr.
Lincoln, when President of the United States;
the acts of Congress and orders emanating from
the State and -War Departments of the Gov-
ernment : the action of the Baltimore conven-
tion, which nominated Mr. Lincoln and Mr.
Johnson as candidates for President and Vice
President of the Union party of the country,
I must consider that throughout this rebellion
these States have been regarded as States, and
tliev must be treated as such. "While I differ
with the position of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. [Mr. Stf.vk.vs,] I can find in his doc-
trine a more convenient policy to be pursued
upon this great question than in recognizing
them as States. But we are living under a
written Constitution : the whole of the war was
to overthrow the organized rebellion of the
southern States against the authority and Con-
stitution of the United States. We suppressed
the rebellion upon the idea that the doctrine
of secession was a heresy unwarranted by the
Constitution of this country. We claimed that
theseSlat.es owed allegiance as States to the
Federal Government; that they have no right
to break up their relations with the Federal
Government; that by revolution, and in no
other way than by the success of armies in the
field, could they accomplish the establishment
of a Government dr jure.
T have said that the theory of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was a more convenient the-
ory upon the practical question of reconstruc-
tion, to make it safe in the future, than the
theory of recognizing them as Stares. We all
appreciate the difficulties connected with this
question. At every step of our progress we
are met with the odious and infamous doctrine
out of which this rebellion grew—the doctrine
of State rights. Sir, I am not of those who
dein to the Status certain rights. But I am of
those who deny the right of these Stales to
secede or to control the question of recon-
struction by simply laying down their arms
and presenting themselves at the doors of
Congress for admission. I deny their right
to admission until Congress shall settle the
terms upon which their members shall be
admitted.
T think that practically the question as to
whether these States are ill or out of the Union
does not figure here; I think but little impor-
tance attaches to it. But whatever may be said
with regard to that, I think I can say that the
loyal people of this country will see the differ-
ence between the policy of the President and
the policy of Congress. If I understand cor-
rectly the policy of the President it is this : that
whenever a loyal man presents himself as regu-
larly elected a member ot Congress from any
district in the South, it is the duty of Congress
at once to admit him.
I understand the policy of Congress to bo,
that while they would be perfectly willing to
admit to the Hoor of this House, to the privi-
leges of a member, a loyal man, they desire to
be well satisfied in their own minds that such
a man can be returned from that district after
the military power of the United States shall
be removed from tho-e States. In other words,
thej want to be satisfied that in a free and fair
election in the southern States of this Union
loyalty will be in the ascendency, and that
loyal men can be returned, to Congress from
those States.
Now take the State of Tennessee: I believe
that before (his Congress adjourns the members
from that State will be admitted here as mem-
bers of Congress. I believe that this Congress
desires the restoration of these States so far as
their representation in Congress is concerned.
And all the clamor raised by the partisan press
of this country, that Congress is endeavoring to
keep these States unrepresented, is false. The
desire of members in Congress is that these
States shall be restored at the earliest practi-
cable moment; but they demand guarantees for
the future pence and quiet and prosperity and
loyalty of these States before they are admitted
to representation.
Mr. WHALEY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Missouri whether he expects that they are
to come in under the "dead State'' theory or
not? That is a question which has been in-
geniously dodged by every speaker heretofore.
Are tlicy to bo States in this Union, repre-
sented as States? Under the ''dead State"
theory there are at least seventeen members
upon this iloor who have done a great deal
from the earliest period of the rebellion for the
restoration of the Government, who have no
standing here in accordance with the "dead
State" theory, in accordance with the doc-
trine set forth by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stkv,i.s,s,] so well known to the
country.
Mr. ANDERSON. More than once the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has himself denied
that he ever uttered the sentiment which the
member from West Virginia attributes to him.
How far is it necessary for a gentleman to
deny such a thing before a gentleman of the
Democratic faith ceases to fasten upon him
sentiments which he has denied over and over
ago i n ?
Mr. W1TA LEY. The gentleman refers to
me as of the Democratic faith. Sir, in my
earliest manhood I was a Democrat, and I
have not the slightest desire to conceal my
political principles. I was a Democrat; but I
went with the Douglas party; and it is but
justice that 1 should say that it was the Doug-
las party that saved We.-t Virginia to the Union.
There is not, to my knowledge, a leading
Douglas Democrat m West V irginia who has
not stood true to the Union. Sir, I am not
ashamed of my Democracy.
Mr. ANDERSON. I did not yield to the
member from West Virginia for a speech.
Mr. WHALEY. I have no desire to make a
speech, but simply that my Democracy should
be. understood as not of a dialo.v al character.
Mr. ANDERSON. If the gentleman had
waited a few moments he would have seen that
I intended to pass a personal eulogy upon him-
self. [Lausht'T.]
Mr. WUA LEY. I have no need of that.
Mr. ANDERSON. I do not think 1 have
said anything about the Democratic party, or
about the gentleman's associations with that
party, to suggest the idea, that I intend to dis-
parage its claims upon the people. 1 was born
j a Democrat myself; I was reared in that school
I of politics ; and if your Democracy needs any
i defense, I am willing to do all I can to bolster
j it up, although it is getting very shaky. [Laugh-
i ter.]
Mr. WHALEY. There wore thirty-one thnu-
sandDemocrats in West Virginia who stood true
to the Onion.
Mr. ANDERSON. I admit that there were
that number. I have great respect for that
party: but in discussing this question of recon-
struction there is no necessity for party spirit
!| to enter into it. All I ask of the member from
ii West Virginia is, that upon this question of
II reconstruction lie shall stand upon the same
1| platform upon which he stood while fighting
' the enemies of his country. If he will do that
ii all will be well.
Mr. WHALEY. I have been doing that for
five years upon this floor.
Mr. ANDERSON. Well, it may take five
years more of steadfast fighting to secure the
end for which the war was waged; and he who
falters now is untrue to the Government.
Mr. Speaker, the ordinances of secession
were null, but they were effective to such an
extent as to dissolve the practical relations of
the States adopting them with the Union. Now,
are these practical relations to be restored upon
their caprice alone ? The President imposed
conditions upon those States. He required
them to accept the constitutional amendment
as a condition-precedent. Congress made war,
and is the war-making power. Congress makes
peace, and is the peace-making power.
Over and over again, in his correspondence
with the provisional governors, the President
reiterates the doctrine that they must adopt the
constitutional amendment prohibiting slavery
or that their governments cannot be restored.
If he had the power to impose this restriction
upon the rebellious States, why is it that the
Congress of «the nation, representing the loyal
sentiment of the country, has not the power to
impose additional restrictions? Sir, it will not
do to say that this thing was done at the sugges-
tion of the President; for, occupying the posi-
tion that he did, his suggestion amounted to an
absolute command to those States to adopt the
constitutional amendment. The President has
more than onco declared the right of Congress
to exercise control over this whole question of
reconstruction. He says in his annual mes-
sage to Congress:
" Fellow-citizens of the Senate and House of Kep-
rcsentativcs, you are the judges of the qualifications,
elections, and returns of your own membors."
It is not, sir, the first time that the President
uttered that declaration. I find in a message
of the President of the United States, commu'
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in regard to provisional
governments, the following:
[Telegram—Received 7.20 p.m.]
Columbia, South Carolina, November 27,1865.
Frksidunt Johnson': Will you please inform mo
whether the South Carolina members of Congress
should be in Washington at the organization of the
House? Will the Cieik of tliellouseoalltlioirnamcs
it their credentials arc presented to him? Will the
test oath be required, or wiil it be refused by Congress?
If the members are not allowed to take their seats
they do not wish to incur the trouble and expense of
going on, and the mollification of beingrcjectcd. Do
give your views and wishes.
IS. P. PEKUY, Provisional Governor.
[Telegram.]
Executive Office,
AYasiiixgton, D. C., November 27,1S65.
B. V. Pftiry, Provisional Governor, Columbia, iS. C.:
X do not think it necessary for tlic members-elect
from South Carolina to l>e pi ese-it at the organization
of Congress. On theeontrary, it will be better policy
to present their certificates of election after the two
Houses are organized, and then it will be a simplo
question under the Constitution ot the members tak-
ing their seats. Each House must iudge for itself tho
election, returns, and qualifications of its own mem-
bers. As to what the I wo Houses u ill do in reference
to theoath nowrequired to lie taken before the mem-
bers can take their seats is unknown to me, and I do
not like to predict; but, upon the whole, I am of
opinion that it would be better for the question to
come up and be disposed of after the two Houses have
been organized.
I hope that your Legislature will adopt a code m
reference to free persons of color that, will be accept-
able to the country, at the same timedoing justice to
the white and colored population.
ANDREW JOHNSON',
President of the United Stale-*.
Sir, he reiterates that position in his annual
message to Congress, and declares that each
House of Congress must judge for itself of the
qualifications, elections, and returns of its own
members. And now, sir, what do we hear?
We hear of Congress delaying the matter of
reconstruction, and we hear "throughout the
partisan press of the country who are looking
to the action of Congress declarations that this
delay is1, made for the purpose of creating dis-
affection and discontent throughout the land.
