1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
the substance of the tax will be found adher-
ing to it. A special tax takes its place, and
will, it is supposed, do equal service without
being liable to the objections made in some
quarters thatitisan attempt to regulate "the
internal commerce of the States. Members
of the House are aware thata case is still pend-
ing in the Supreme Court of the United States
involving the constitutionality of the existing
lieense law, and that this ease, after having
been tried, was considered of so much itnpor-
tance as to be postponed until next term, when
the decision, whatever it may be, will be an-
nounced. I do not suppose that the court will
be very eager to overturn the legality of laws
which find precedents in our Statutes-at-Large
almost from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, but other gentlemen may think differ-
ently, and from abundant caution, as we are
revising the internal revenue laws, and as the
technical objection, if there be one, can be so
easily removed, the Committee of "Ways and
Means have made the alterations to meet any
circumstances that may arise, whatever they
may be. There is no necessity for transcend-
ing our legitimate authority, which is merely to
obtain the proper amount of lawful revenue in
the least objectionable form.
It is not proposed at this time to change the
rate of the tax on spirits nor upon malt liquors,
mainly that we may have the law of high rates
in operation a sufficient length of time to test
its real value for revenue purposes, and inci-
dp" tally, no doubt, its value as a mode of repres-
sion in the consumption of intoxicating bever-
ages. For the largest revenue purposes, the
rate of two dollars per gallon, although the time
elapsed since its adoption is too brief to defi-
nitely settle the question, seems likely to prove
unsatisfactory: and if it were an original ques-
tion, the recommendation of one dollar per gal-
lon by the revenue commission would not be
disregarded by the Committee of Ways and
Means. It is very clear that the whole tax
fails to be collected, as the price has at no time
or at any place been equal to the cost of spirits
with the tax added thereto, and in some parts
of the country the price has occasionally been
below even the amount of the tax. The amo,unt
of spirits of domestic manufacture returned to
the assessors for 1865 was 16,936,778 gallons
^is against 85,285,391 gallons in 1864, show-
ing a falling off of nearly four fifths of the
whole amount. It is to be noted, however, that
much was distilled in 1864 in expectation of
an increase of the tax, and this accounts for
a diminished business in 1865, but does not
prove adiminished consumption. Notwithstand-
ing the heavy increase of duties upon foreign
liquors, the total importations have not been
materially curtailed. Our experience is likely
to correspond with that of the world, which is,
that the appetites of men for spirituous liquons
are held in check very little by high cost unless
that cost is very exorbitant, and only those in
the most indigent circumstances check the reg-
ularity of their indulgence or surrender any
portion of their accustomed allowance.
It is curious to note that iron manufacturers,
in making up the calculation of the increased
cost of a ton of iron, put in $2 50 as the increased
cost of whisky, and the employer is compelled,
no doubt, to increase the amount of his monthly
pay-roll, to cover this new item in the cost of
living. It may be inferred that the consumption
of liquors in the length and breadth of the land
is as large as ever, but that the tax has not
been, possibly cannot be, collected. The great
temptation to illicit distillation and to smug-
gling which arises in cases of the imposition
of high duties upon liquors calls for the enact-
ment of stringent, almost despotic laws, not
merely for the punishment of fraudulent prac-
tices, but for the protection of the honest im-
porter and honest distiller. _ Owling, or the
carrying of wool out of the kingdom, was for-
merly punished in England by the imposition
of heavy penalties, and we have found that the
introduction from Canada of till babies filled
with whisky by their reckless parents can only
be suppressed by heavj1 penalties and by their
prompt enforcement. That a large trade has
been carried on the past year in the manufac-
ture of small copper stills there is abundant
evidence. If these should be suffered to be
used Clandestinely, as it is to be apprehended
may have been the design, not only would the
Government be deprived of a large amount of
revenue, but public morals would be more or
less debauched. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend, with some modifications, a
large part of the changes in the law as to spirits
proposed by the revenue commission in order
to increase its efficiency. It is believed that
the country, as well as Congress, are in favor
of obtaining the maximum amount of revenue
from spirits, and that we are not so eager to
reduce the cost of intoxicating liquors as to be
unwilling to wait until experience has fully
tested the policy or impolicy of the highest
rate of taxation as now fixed by law. It is
understood that the method of mixing wood-
acid with alcohol, as practiced in England, so
that alcohol might be used in the arts and man-
ufactures without the payment of any tax, has
proved a failure, it having been found that such
methylated spirit can be rectified and made into
pure spirit again without any offensive smell.
If any chemical preparation could be found
which would accomplish this object its discovery
and adoption would be a great relief to many
legitimate branches of arts and manufactures.
The Committee of Ways and Means have
proposed some modifications of the income
law, but have not reached the conclusion,
while the industrial employments must remain
to a considerable extent heavily burdened,
that it can yet be wholly dispensed with. By
its terms, as originally passed, it was to expire
in 1870, and thus a temporary*character was
put upon its face. In our great emergency it
contributed, not to be returned again with in-
terest, a larger amount than the richest bankers
in Europe would have loaned to us even at sixty
per cent, discount. Our loyal people paid the
income tax of 1803, in June, of $20,740,451 33,
and then (estimated upon the same lists) they
were called upon in four months to pay another
mcometax, and they responded by contributing
$28,920,312 02. Again, in 1864 their income
tax foots up $59,000,000. I point totheso facts
not only as a proud evidence of their patriot-
ism and wealth, but as a proud evidence of their
strict integrity of character. Strong as the
temptation might be for evasive returns, sore
as they might be in consequence of the swift
pursuit and the continuous exactions of the tax
gatherer, they even paid more in 1803 upon the
second call than the first. Their country was
in need, and even the greed for gain could not
tempt the American people to defraud their
Government. The law left it almost to the
conscience of each man as to how much he
should pay, and all seemed to vie with each
other as to who should pay the most. I ques-
tion whether any people ever paid a tax more
honestly and accurately, and I question still
more whether any free people ever imposed
upon themselves, through their chosen Repre-
sentatives, taxes so thick and fast.
If our income tax should be contemplated
as a part of the permanent policy of the coun-
try it is not to be denied that it would need
various and perhaps fundamental amendments.
The objections to such laws are sufficiently
obvious.
1. They are inquisitorial of necessity in their
character, and Americans, like people else-
where, though not averse to a knowledge of
the secrets of others, are quite unwilling to dis-
close their own. Among commercial men such
disclosures may be disastrous. If they show
prosperity they invite envy and greater com-
petition ; or if they show any remarkable lean-
ness they damage credits.
2. The temptation to make understatements
and lend to these statements the sanction of
an oath tends to sap and mine public morals,
until men begin to excuse themselves for their
own wrong doing, because, it being so common,
that to do otherwise Would be to fail in average
smartness. . '
8. When we take into consideration the.
sources from which income is derived, the
habitudes of the different persons who jpay the
tax, the difficulty of apportioning it so that
each will have paid in just proportion to every
other person, leaving each relativelyin the sanfe
conditions, the perplexities become almost
insurmountable.
Entertaining such views, and the pressing
exigency having passed, we have undertaken to
lessen but not to entirely remove the weight of
the income tax. To this end we propose to
exempt the first $1,000 of every person from
any tax and only to reach any cxcess beyond
that amount. This will increase the sum
exempt from $600 to $1,000. Exactly how
much of a reduction it will make in our receipts
cannot be foretold, but probably not over ten
to fifteen per cent., while it is likely to diminish,
the number of persons taxed nearly one half.
If it should cxeusc fifty thousand persons, then
the reduction will amount to $1,00(^000 for
every such fifty thousand persons. There is
perhaps no just reason for excusing anyportion
of the income of any one from the tax, except
.that of the hardship and the inability of persons
with a limited income to spare any part of it,
but that is enough.
In a republican form of government the true
theory is to make no distinctions as to persons
in the rates of taxation. Recognizing no class
for special favors, we ought not to create a class
for special burdens. Pursuing this principle a
majority of the Committee of Ways and Means
have agreed to that portion of the bill which,
makes the income tax after this year a uniform
one of five per cent, upon the annual gains.
The loss to the revenue will be large—about
$17,000,000—and it will be for tho House to
say whether the bill shall stand as reported or
whether relief in any other direction is more
urgently demanded.
I shall append to my remarks an appendix
containing an estimate, made with the aid of
the office of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, of tho reductions appearing to me likely
to occur in consequence of the present revision
of the law. Other gentlemen tnay differ from
me and count upon greater compensations to
counterbalance these reductions ; but I have
never found that sanguine financial predictions
were safe for legislators.
In our list of exemptions we strove to reach,
earliest those articles upon which a reduction
of cost would bring relief to the masses of our
people, and those which are produced with
such lean margins of profit as to be opposed
and in danger of being annihilated by even so
small a tax as five or even three per cent.,
which is not unfrequcntly, upon branches of
industry closely cornered by foreign competi-
tion, in excess of what may be considered reg-
ular and satisfactory profits.
I know that many gentlemen will render val-
uable assistance in the progress of the bill, and
all will feel bound to show that they are alive
to and not unmindful of the interests of their
respective localities, and some may wish to
press amendments giving such interests fur-
ther relief; and it is fair to allow a prominent
record of the fact to appear in the Globe ; but
if the House shall reach the conclusion that
we have proposed measures which will reduce
the revenue as much as it will be prudent to
do this year—keeping in view the uncstimated
drafts our legislation has made and is likely to
make upon the Treasury—remembering, in the
large operation of funding our national obli-
gations so that they may bear the lowest rate
of interest, that fifty millions now may be more
important to success than two hundred mil-
lions at a later period—I trust that the good
sense and forecast of members will, lead them
to vote down propositions foressential changes.
The result of the labor of the Cqtamittee of
Ways and Means is, that.ctf"the headings in the
Commissioner's report of the receipts from
specific and general sources' fifty-nine out ot
