3398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
received by said employes, to date from the c.om~
meneementofthc Thirty-Ninth Congress: Provided
That the extra twenty-five per cent, shall be paid
only during the present Congress.
Mr. ROLLINS. I object to the resolution.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE subsequently said: I
understand that the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Rollixs] withdraws his
objection to the resolution.
Mr„ ROLLINS. I will withdraw my objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution at
this time if I am allowed to say a word or two
in explanation of my objection to the passage
of the resolution.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. . I have no objection
to the gentleman's making; his explanation,
though I think the resolution will commend
itself to everybody.
Mr. ROLLINS. I have opposed all these
resolutions for the reason that I believe it to
be a bad policy to increase the pay of the em-
ployes of this House in the manner in which
it has been done, without any sort of inquiry
■whatever. There is a standing Committee of
Accounts on the part of this House whose busi-
ness it is to take all these matters into consid-
eration. Now, I object to the manner in which
these things are being done, because great
injustice is often done, and in my opinion great
injustice will be done by the passage of this
resolution. I think this resolution should be
referred to the Committee of Accounts, for
them to thoroughly inquire into the matter. I
am not opposed to the policy of increasing sal-
aries, for 1 think the pay of many of our em-
ployes should be increased; but I think the
increase should be made after a full and com-
plete examination.
Mr. O'NEILL. I have no doubt it is very
important for the Committee of Accounts to
have knowledge of these matters. But if I am
not mistaken that same committee the other
day reported in favor of an additional clerk in
the office of the Sergeant-at-Arms without the
House having called for or recommended any
such thing.
Mr. ROLLINS. The gentleman is mistaken.
A resolution making that recommendation was
introduced into the House, referred to the Com-
mittee of Accounts, and reported back to this
House unanimously by the committee.
Mr. WARD. I beg leave to correct my col-
league on the Committee of Accounts, [Mr.
Rollixs.] I have never given my consent in
any way to increasing salaries or employes
whether in committee or out.
Mr. ROLLINS. The gentleman may not
have been present 'when the committee acted
upon that subject. But that is a matter of no
importance in this connection.
My objection to this whole thing is that it, is
doing it without a fair and proper examination
of the matter. I think there are some employes
of this House whose salaries should be in-
creased ; but there are also others whose sala-
ries should not be increased. But this resolu-
tion proposes an indiscriminate increase of the
whole, without any inquiry whatever, the in-
crease to date back to the commencement of,
this session. I am satisfied that if the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] was
familiar with this whole matter, he would be
the last man to introduce the resolutions he
has introduced into this House, and which he
now urges the House to pass. The resolution
is proper enough, perhaps, so far as it applies to
some of the employes of the House ; but it is
improper so far as it applies to others. I hope
that even at this late day the House will take
a position upon this subject which is right
and proper; and allow all these matters to be
inquired into by the proper committee before
action is taken upon them. And if it is in
order, I will move tliatthe resolution be referred
to the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Rollins] only does me
justice when ho says that if I knew this to be
an improper resolution I would not introduce
it. I deem it to be absolutely and essentially
a just and proper resolution .toward a class of
employ6s who are now receiving salaries en-
tirely inadequate to their support. N(jw, this
resolution does what? It simply makes all the
doorkeepers receive the like pay and compen-
sation. Some of them receive now $1,500 a
year, others receive $1,200 a year. The $1,200
men, to my knowledge, arc as efficient as the
$1,500 men. If the resolution I have offered
shall be adopted it will make them all $1,509
men. And in order to make no distinction
between them and other employes who receive
less than $1,200, the resolution provides that
all employes who receive less than $1,200 shall
have this increase of pay. I believe it is due
to these employes that we should pay them
enough to support them. I do not think it is
true economy for the Government to pay so
low salaries that they cannot obtain the ser-
vices of men entirely competent to perform the
duties of their offices. I believe this to be a
just resolution—just to these officers, and not
an extravagant one by any means. I hope that
the resolution will be adopted. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. WARD. I would like to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Vermont. Tie
says that some of the doorkeepers get $1,500
while others get $1,200, and he wants to equal-
ixc the pay. Now, I am in favor of equaliza-
tion; but I would suggest to the gentleman
that the best means of accomplishing this is to
make the salaries of all of them $1,200.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I am very much
obliged to the gentleman for his suggestion;
but I prefer to equalize up instead of equaliz-
ing down. I insist on the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Rollins to refer the resolution to the
Committee of Accounts, there were—ayes 40,
noes 53.
Mr. ROLLTNS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ROLLINS. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the resolution was not referred to the
Committee of Accounts.
The question reeurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. BALDWIN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. I suggest that this res-
olution ought to include the Chaplain of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
modified now except by unanimous consent, as
the House is acting under the operation of the
previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I must object to increasing
the pay of the Chaplain.
Mr. SPALDING. Why?
Mr. LE BLOND. Because he has done
nothing but pray abolitionism during the whole
session.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Chair will state, however, that, as he thinks,
the terms of the resolution include the Chap-
lain, whose salary is less than $1,200.
The question was taken; and if; was deter-
mined in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 20, not
voting 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Banks, Barker, Beaman, Beniamin. Bergen,
Bidwell, Blaine, Boyer, Buckland, Cobb, Coffroth,
Darling; Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Goodyear, Grridcr,
(rrinnell, Hayes, Henderson,Hogan, Holmes.Hooper,
Hotchkiss, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr. Latham, Loan,
Marvin, McCullougli, MoKee, Ale liner, Miller, Moor-
head, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
Sawyer, Schenclt, Shellabarger,Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Stevens, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, RobertT. Van Horn, Warner. Ilenry
D. Washburn, Wcntworth, "Whaley, James F. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—70.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Baker,
Baldwin, Boulwell, Jiroornoll, Dawson, Eldridge,
Fillet, Aaron Harding, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Le Blond, Blarston, Mercnr, Niblaek, Perharn, Price,
Bitter, Rollins, Seofield, Shankl'm/Xaylor, Thornton,
Trimble, Ward, and William B. Washburn—29.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baxter, Bing-
ham, Blow, Brandegee, Broinwell, Bundy, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Culver, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Denison,
Dodge, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Griswold, Hale, Abncr C. Harding, Harris,
Hart, Higby, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester I).
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James
R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones,
Keteham, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, Long-
vear. Lynch, Marshall, McClurg, Melndoe, Morrill,
Moulton, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John
H. Riee, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Strouse, Taber, John L. Thomas. Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Elihu B. Wa.shburne, Welker, Williams,
Windom, Winfield, and Wright—77.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made •
Mr. GRINNELL. My colleague, Mr. Hdb-
hatld, has been called away by indisposition.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. My colleague, Mr.
Baxter, is confined to his bed by sickness.
Mr. LE BLOND. When my name was
called, I voted under a misapprehension. I
now understand that this resolution embraces
the Chaplain. I therefore change my vote from
" ay" to "no."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I vote "no" for the
same reason.
Mr. MeKEE. Because the resolution em-
braces the Chaplain, I change my vote from
"no" to "ay." [Laughter.]
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
T.he latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL SECURITY IN SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. PERHAM submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Whereas Captain John E. Bryant, recently of the
county of Oxford, in the State of Maine, was, a few
weeks since, brutally assaulted, and his life greatly
endangered, in the streets of Augusta, Georgia, by a
citizen of that State, because, as is reported, of the
efforts the said Bryant had made for the elevation of
the colored people of that State and the part ho bore
in a movement to decorate with flowers the graves
of the soldiers who fell in the defense of the Union
eause; and whereas it is reported that Captain 0. C.
Richardson, of the same county of Oxford, was on
the 12th instant attacked at Tlsomasville, Georgia,
by a man named Lightfoot, by whom he had been
ordered to leave town, and shot through the neek
and hand; and whereas both of these gentlemen
served the country with distinguished ability and
bravery during the war, and are now entitled to the
protection due to American citizens in the State of
Georgia which they assisted in saving to the country
by their valor, and in which they are attempting to
establish themselves in the practice of their profes-
sion and make their future homes; and whereas
similar cases to those rccited above are understood
to bo of frequent occurrence in the States recently in
rebellion, thus rendering it extremely hazardous for
northern men to attempt to settle there; and whereas
the Richmond Examiner, a paper published in Rich-
mond, Virginia, and receiving the patronage of tho
Administration, being one of tho papers designated
to publish tho laws of Congress, in its issue of May
4,18G6, used the following language:
"The ShriUk of Cowaeds.—No better proof of
the dastardly nature of the 'loyalists' could bo found
than tlicir evident trepidation when left without pro-
tecting bayonets. Wo hear a cry of alarm at Staun-
ton. The Union men areafraidof their own shadows
if a Federal soldier is not at hand to reassure them.
They have guilty consciences that oppress them heav-
ily, and thev will not find peace and quiet until they
confess and repent. We assure the authorities at
Washington that secessionists are notsuch asses as to
expose thoinselYCs to further hardships by their own
acts, and the shriek of cowards at Staunton is more a
call for greater oppression of the true Virginians than
for apiotcction of the lion-hearted Unionists. The
fact is, that when the blue uniforms are withdrawn,
the ' loyalists' have nobody to keep them in counte-
nance, nobody to associate with, and they feel very
like they had got into the wrong pew. Let them seek
congenial society elsewhere, if they do not like the
contempt of the honest and respectable throughout
the South. AYe are not likely to pay them any re-
spect if they live a.mongus a thousand years."
And whereas the spirit of the foregoing extract
appears to predominate in the States referred to, and
tho citizens of those States who continued loyal to
the Governmentduringthe war, and especially those
who served in tho Union Army, arc insultingly pro-
scribed and excluded from social and political pnvi-
Icges: Therefore, . ,
Jlesolvr.d, That the President of the United States
bo requested to inform this House whether the per-
