414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON (while the committees were
being calle'd for reports) submitted a motion to
take up for consideration the bill (S. N"o._ 88)
to restrict the expenses of collecting soldiers'
claims against tbc Government.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. If the morning business
is disposed of, 1 desire to call the attention ol
the Senate to a bill in relation to the qualifica-
tion of jurors in certain cases in the courts of
the United States, which was up for discussion
a few days since, and was postponed until this
morning by a vote. I ask that that hill be now
called up, and that if there be not time to dis-
pose of it this morning, it be postponed until
to-morrow at one o' eloek.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts is perhaps by courtesy
entitled to the floor on the motion made by him
to take up a bill, which motion he waived at the
time, at the suggestion of the Chair, to allow
the mornins business to be gone through with.
' Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will stale, to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that the bill to which
T have called attention was on motion set down
for to-day. I understand, however, that the
Freedmen's Bureau bill is still pending before
the Senate, and is expected to he disposed of
to-day. I ask the Senate, therefore, to take
up this bill now and set it for to morrow, so that
it shall not stand in the way of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. 'TRUMDULL. It is expected that the
Freedmen's Bureau bill will be disposed of to-
day ; but there is another bill reported from the
Committee ori the Judiciary which lias some con-
nection with the Freedmen's bureau bill: many
of its provisions are of the same character anil
intended to be general in thoiroperntion ; and it
is my intention, if 1 can get the consent of the
Senate, to press that bill upon the considera-
tion of the body as soon as wo shall have dis-
posed ofthc Freedmen's Bureau bill. 1 think
it will take loss time then. Many of the ques-
tions which have been already discussed upon
the Freedmen's lhire.au bill are the, same as will
arise in the consideration of the other bill, and I
I trust the. Senate will allow the other bill to j
come up and be disposed of immediately after
the Freedmen's Bureau bill shall have been
gotten out of the way. 1 shall therefore object
to setting this particular hill or any other bill
for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. 1 object to setting this bill
for any pariieular day, because 1 desire to se-
cure action oil the bill for the admission of Col-
orado. L gave, notice that I should call it up
yesterday ; but I had no oppoitunity to do so,
and I propose to wait until the two very impor
taut bills referred to by the Senator from Illi-
nois shall have been disposed of. I de-iirethat
the bill for the admi-sion of Colorado shall fol-
low them next in order of time. I am opposed'
to allowing the bill named to come in between
them.
Mr. DOOLITTLIl. I did not expect, thai,
there would lie time this morning to dispose of
the bill to which I have referred, and 1 do not
wish to have the re nduo of the morning hour
taken up in talking about it; and Iherefore,
expressing my hope that it. will be taken up at
an early day, 1 withdraw the motion.
NOItTIIUriN KANSAS RAILROAD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Rrsolve'l, That, the Committer on Public Iice he
directed to inquire into the < x; ■ ihency of eo-aniini:
ten ^eetionsot Losdlo the mile to tboSt iteoi Kan- is,
to aid thcXortlieruKaa^u? itadioad Company in the
construction of a r.iih'omt and telc.:iapii luie irom
Ehvood.tbe vyeften: tei minim of tin, il.inmli.it and
iSL Josenll railroad, tlnotiyb ihe noitbeoi eountu"-' of
the Slate of Kansas via Mai.,0viHe, to intoisect the
Kansas branch of the Pacific railroad, lo repoit by
bilt or otllerwi.se.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (II. It. No. 53) author-
izing the Secietary of War to grant the use of
a portion of military reserve on St. Clair river,
in the State of Michigan, for railroad purposes,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and tho Militia.
COLLECTION OF SOLOTBRS' CLAIMS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to t.ake up Senate
bill No. 88, to restrict tho expenses of collect-
ing soldiers' claims against the Government.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 88) xo restrict the expenses of collecting
soldiers' claims against the Go\eminent was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that, the fees of agents and
attorneys for making out and causing to be
executed the papers necessary to establish any
claim of any commissioned officer or enlisted
man of the; regular Army, volunteers, or militia
forces when called into the service of the United
States, and for collecting such claim for bounty,
arrears of pay, or other allowances, shall in no
case exceed ten dollars: but the expenses in-
curred in acknowledging the necessary allida-
vits in such claims before auotarv public, justice
of the peace, or other public oilicer, are to be
defrayed by the claimant, but in no case fo
excecd the actual amount established by law
for such acknowledgments.
Any agent or attorney who shall directly or
indirectly demand or recei\e any greater com-
pensation for his scnices in the collection of
any claim for bounty, arrears of pay, or other
allowances, or who shall contract, agree to
prosecute, or collect any such claim, on the con-
dition that he shall receive a per cent, upon
any portion of it, or who shall wrongfully w iih-
hohlthe payment of the proceeds to the claim-
ant, is to be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction to be lined not exceeding
SoOO, in imprisoned at, hard labor not. < vceed-
ing two years, or bol h, accoi d mg to the circum-
stances and aggravations of the offence.
The first amendment repotted bv tin1 Com-
mittee oo .Military Allans and the Militia was
in section one, line li\e. after the word "any"
to strike out " commissioned officer or,' ami
after the word ''limn'' to insert " or heirs of
any enlisted man;" so as to read:
That the foes of agents and attorneys for making
out. and causing lo tie executed tho papers iiooes.,iry
to establish an v eta ua ol' any enlisted man of the leg-
ular Army, volunteers, or militia tolees, \c.
"Mr. WILSON. 1 will simply say that the
committee .struck out commissioned officers for
theica-on that ituas supposed tho commis-
sioned officers could prelect theinsohes and
make their own bargains, and would be less
liable to be imposed upon than soldiers. In
the next place, many of the commissioned offi-
cers have accounts open with the quartermas-
ter's department and (he ordnance department;
and the amount of laboi necessary to collect
those accounts is \ery much larger for officers
than for soldiers. The claims ol the latter are
generally \ cry simple matters.
.Mr. SAU UsllUllY. 1 believe this bill comes
from tin1 Commiltoo on Mihlary Aflairs. 1
have all due respect for iheir judgment, but it
is obnoxious to so many objections of a loual
characier that I icalh think it ought to be rom-
millcd to Ihe Committee on the .ludiciaiy.
What earlhlv povvr. 1 would a^k the Senator
fiom Massachusetts. has the Congress of the
Fulled Stales to regulate the compensation
which a private eifi/.en of tho I'nited States, in
any of the States or Territories ol the Lnion,
may choose to make to any other private oili-
/,on for services rendered9 .lust, as much au-
thority has the Congress of tho United States
to prescribe by law that no man shall hire a
soldier at, a loss price than so many cents or so
i many dollars a day. as it has to pass this act.
! If the Congress of the United States hasariirht
| to say that none of the soldiers v, ho hare served
I in the Army of the Untied Slates shall trive to
| any at'ornevniore t hail ten dollars, i! has a right
1 to sav i hoy: hallnoi givele—' to any attorney 1 ban
i ten dollars ; and it'yon ha\e a right to say (hose
tilings, j on have a riidn to sav that no person
shall employ, to v.orkonhis farm, any one who
served in the Army ol the United Suites for a
sum less than one dollar nor more than one dol-
lar. Has it come to this, that the powers of
it can enter into all the private transactions of
life, regulate the compensation between clients
and attorneys throughout the United States,
regulate the prices of wages throughout the
United States? If it can do the one, it can do
the other. Most of these soldiers are no longer
in the armies of the United States; they have
been disbanded, and have returned to their
homes, and are following tho peaceful avoca-
tions of life.
It goes further. It extends to any contract
made, between the heirs of any of those soldiers
and attorneys. I have no earthly interest, per-
sonally or professionally, in the matter; but,
as an attorney, if I was to draw the papers in
any such case, certainly I should not expect to
bo'regulated by any act of Congress.
I raise this objection to the bill because, in
my judgment,, it is wholly without, any warrant
of aiiihoiity, and I therefore move either that it
bo recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs, or that, it be committed to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, f will say to tho Senator
from Delaware that we provide hy law what the
fee shall be for collecting pensions, and that
act was passed three or four years ago. \\ e
allow fen dollars to any person who collects a
pension for a soldier or his heirs. This act puts
claims for bounty and back pay on the same
footing as claims for pensions in that respect.
I do not think there is any doabt whatever that
we had the power to pass the act in regard to
pensions. We also parsed an act, it will be re-
membered, fixing the fee for surgeons' certifi-
cates. and I do not think anybody doubts that,
wo had that power. 1 do not doubt that wf have
this power, and further than all, that we have
power to prevent, any private person doing this
business, and to appoint agents of the Govern-
ment, if we please, for the purpose ; and 1 am
not sure thai that is not, tin1 only proper way.
If the Government should appoint in every
State an agent- to do this business, anil fix till!
fees for doing it, and put the pel-son under bonds
to have it faithfully done, it might be the best
way of doing the thing.
ilr. President, nobody can measure fhe
wrongs and outrages that have been perpetrated
u pontile soldiers of this country by these agents.
1 have received this morning, in my morning
mail, two letters. Oneof our oilieei'S, a revenue
collector in the State of New York, writes mo
that in his own town, to his own personal knowl-
edge, an aoent charged a poor soldier ylol) lor
collecting SoOO. A gentleman writes me from
Brookljn, New York, in regard to a case that
happened in December, since Congress met,
that one of these agents charged t>il 02 for
collecting a claim for the mother of a dead sol-
dier; and he says further, and gives t lie names,
that certain agents v.i;ion his knowledge have
their agents here, and he j>i\ e,s me the name of
a person employed by ihe (he.eminent here
who is an agent f or one of those persons Lo find
out the \alue of tlx1 claims. 1 intend to have
his name put in the hands ot the pioper officer
to-day.
1 hope, that we shall put agents for collecting
the claims and bounties of soldiers on ihe same
footing that we put the agents for collecting
pensions. I think it righl It is a protection
to the people, and we certainly ought to protect
them. If such a measuie had been passed years
apo, it would have protected soldiers and their
heirs, probably to the amount of hundreds of
thousands of dollars.
.Mr. CLA ItK. f wish to suggest, to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that ■  bile his bill may
do some good, perhaps much good, there is dan-
ger that it may do much mi.-chief and will leave
untouched a very large class of cases which in
my judgment it is very diflicult to reach, and
which, perhaps, cannot be provided for. I un-
derstand that there is quite as much and per-
haps more difficulty in getting out oi the hands
of some agents, when they collect the money,
any portion of it, as there is in regard to the
fees (barged. I base been told that in this Dis-
trict there ha\e been various firms who wamld
this Government have become so enlarged that |1 advertise as claim agents in the shape oi one
