1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
What delay has occurred upon the part of Con-
gress? On the very first day of the session the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs]
introduced a joint resolution creating a com-
mittee on reconstruction.
Perhaps no joint committee ever raised by
Congress has been so much and so wrongfully
abused as this joint committee on reconstruc-
tion. The committee has been charged "with
delay, and yet, Mr. Speaker, the resolution of
this Hous® passed on the 12th of January last,
calling upon the President, "if not incompati-
ble with the public interest, to communicate to
it copies of all messages, proclamations, and
other documents issued by the provisional gov-
ernors of any States that may have been pro-
claimed at any time to be in rebellion ; of all
acts, ordinances, resolutions, and proceedings
of conventions, or of Legislatures held in such
States, under the authoiity or at the call of
said provisional governors; of all returns of elec-
tions for said members of such conventions
and Legislatures, together with the qualifica-
tions required for voters at such elections, and
for members when elected ; together with such
other information concerning the public actions
of such States tending to throw light upon
their political condition as might be in his pos-
session ; and to communicate, further, copies
of all proclamations issued by the President or
his immediate predecessor, relating to the sub-
ject, whether issued by him or the Secretary of
State, and the papers accompanying the same,"
received no response until the 6th instant, nearly
nine weeks after its adoption.
The country knows that during the administra-
tion of the provisional governors of these States
conventions were called therein, that they con-
vened, and that official accounts of the action
of said conventions were sent to Washington.
Copies of the laws passed by the Legislatures
•of these States subsequently assembled were
also sent here. Official orders to military gov-
ernors and official papers from the military
headquai tci-s in all the eleven rebellious States
were also here. Congress asked that these
papers should be placed at the disposal of the
committee on reconstruction at an early day of
the. session, and had absolutely to repeat the
request before an answer was obtained. The
work of the committee was thus delayed, not by
Congress, but by the President. The informa-
tion asked for was most important, and was of
that description that certainly those favoring
the immediate admission of their delegates to
Congress are estopped from objecting to. Fail-
ing to obtain the desired information the com-
mittee goes to work in search of facts from other
quarters. Witnesses have been summoned from
all parts of the South and it large amount of
testimony has been gathered up, and now that
it has been obtained the wisdom of Congress in
raising this committee has been fully shown.
We do not hear as much nowadays about the
"directory" as we were wont to hear. Our
Democratic friends so much opposed to raising
said committee, so loud in their complaints of
the tardiness of its action, find that it has per-
formed an important work at great labor, and
a work, too, absolutely necessary in order that
Congress may act understanding^ upon this
most important question.
f do not charge that the President has been
remiss in this matter, because the communi-
cation of the Secretary of State shows that if
blame is to be placed anywhere it is to be placed
upon bis shoulders. But, sir, 1 call the atten-
tion of the country to these facts to show that
Congress has been doing its utmost to advance
in the solution of this question of reconstruc-
tion, so as to act advisedly and understand-
ing^. It is a question of such magnitude and
importance that it demands the careful consid-
eration of Congress. Congress has gone for-
ward and collected testimony and published
it to the country. The action of Congress in
raising the committee has received vindication
from the public; and the testimony fftken by
that eo.mmittee will be weighed by the Ameri-
can people, or at least by those who have been
truly loyal to the Government pending the
terrible conflict through which we have passed.
The President, in his annual message, ex-
pressed a desire-to secure all men in their rights
and to protect the freedmen in all the privileges
guarantied to them under the emancipation
proclamation. A large majority of both branches
of Congress, responding to what were under-
stood to be the wishes of the Executive, gave
to him for his approval what is known as the
Freedmen's Bureau bill. It was not an original
measure. It was an amendment to the law under
which the Freedmen's Bureau has been and is
now acting, and which is sanctioned by the Pres-
ident himself. It was a bill subject to repeal, as
other laws are, and intended to operate only so
long as the necessity for its operation existed.
It was not a bill expensive to the Government,
for the reason that under the present law mil-
lions of dollars have indirectly been saved which
otherwise would have been lost. It was in-
tended to assist the freedmen to make a living
for themselves. It was not a measure designed
exclusively for the negroes, for under the op-
eration of the present laws more whites, in some
sections and in many instances, have been ben-
efited by it than blacks. Under the recom-
mendation of General Grant the bureau was to
be made a part of the War Department, so that
the bill, instead of establishing military juris-
diction over all parts of the United States con-
taining refugees, freedmen. and negroes, simply
extends it over the officers«and employes of the
bureau. It was not contemplated to appoint
agents and other officers in every county or par-
ish unless the President himself thought it ne-
cessary and advisable to do so. The arbitrary
powers conferred upon the officers of the bu-
reau go no further than the President himself
and the officers under him have already gone,
and certainly Congress has power to provide
the rules and regulations for the government of
the Army and Navy. All, from Commander-
in-Chief to the humblest soldier, are subject to
such rules and regulations.
The war power is still being exercised by the
President in suspending the writ of habeas cor-
pus contrary to the Constitution, which ex-
pressly states that it shall only be suspended in
case of invasion or rebellion. As we certainly
have no invasion the President must think there
is rebellion. The report of General Howard
shows that at no time have more than one hun-
dred and forty-seven thousand persons been
under care of the bureau, and of these fifty-
seven thousand were white refugees. When
it is recollected that there are four million ne-
groes in the southern States, and when we con-
sider the ravages of war in those States, the
number of persons assisted by the bureau is
small indeed. From the sworn statements of
General Fisk before the reconstruction com-
mittee it appears that out of the twenty-five
thousand persons fed by the bureau in Ten-
nessee seventeen thousand five hundred were
white refugees. The infamous and oppressive
black codes adopted in nearly all of the rebel-
lious States made it necessary to extend to the
negroes the protection of the strong arm of
the Government.
Now, has Congress done its duty in passing
this bill?
I have said before that if the people of the
southern States of this Union would consider
matters as they are, if they would see things as
they really exist, if they would understand the
legitimate results of the war through which we
have passed, there would be no difficulty on this
question of reconstruction. Sir, if they had
known the disastrous consequences which wore
to overwhelm them in this conflict with the
Government they never would have gone into
the rebellion. It is strange, strange that they
did not contemplate the probable results of
this war. Did they suppose that the loyal
people of this country, who, bv act of Congress,
called into service and placed in the Army the
black men of the South, and declared them
freemen, intended to abandon thenx. at the
very moment when they most needed protec-
tion, especially when every account that comes
to us from the southern States shows that the
southern people are treating the colored race
very much in the same spirit in which they
carried on the war against the Government of
their fathers—an inhuman and cruel treatment
—and forno earthly reason but that in their con-
test with the Government of the United States
they have been overthrown a".d made to sub-
'mit to its authority ?
Sir, if the Congress of the United States fails
to do its duty to these men, women, and chil-
dren of the black race, if it fails to make ef-
fectual the provision recently incorporated in
the Constitution of this country for their pro-
tection, then, sir, we must give over into the
hands of traitors the last relic of the freedom
we promised to the black men of the South.
Sir, I never will yield my assent to the doc-
trine that these people are not entitled to the
best protection we can afford them. I believe
to-day that they arc citizens of the United
States. We are to-day interpreting the Con-
stitution from a freedom and not from a slavery
stand-point. The old interpretation of the
Constitution was from a slavery stand-point.
We called upon these people in the midst of a
struggle for the existence of the nation to aid
and assist us in preventing traitors from tear-
ing down the emblem of our nationality. Shall
we now turn the cold shoulder upon them, and
say, "Though you have assisted us and done
all that men could do to preserve the integrity
and nationality of the Government, yet, now
that the battle is won and the victory sure, you
have ' no rights that a white man is bound to
respect?:"
I well remember, Mr. Speaker, the position
of the Democratic party of this country through-
out this war. I remember distinctly what it
was in my own State; I remember distinctly
what it was in the other States of the Republic.
I notice, however, that they are making some
progress; for the other day, in your own State
of Indiana, they absolutely declared that seces-
sion is a heresy, and that the thanks of the
country are due to the Army and Navy of the
Union for their success in suppressing the re-
bellion. That is some progress for our Dem-
ocratic friends to have made.
I remember, Mr. Speaker, the opposition of
the Democracy to the whole progress of the
war party of the nation upon this question of
slavery. When the President of the United
States issued his proclamation of freedom our
Democratic friends declared that it would ruin
the country, that it would place the negro upon
an equality with the white man. The car of
progress moved on. The proclamation was
issued. The negro was made free by its oper-
ation.
Then the proposition was made to put the
negro into the Army of the Government and
permit him to fight for the liberties of his own
race, for the maintenance of the Union of these
States, and the preservation of the Constitution
and the Government. Our Democratic friends
lifted their hands still higher, rolled back the
whites of their eyes, and in piteous tones pro-
claimed that the final stab had been given to
the white man, and that the negro was certainly
now his equal. Loyal men of the country stood
up for the policy of the nation. The negro was
put into the Army, and on many a well-fought
battle-field he showed his valor, his ability to
handle the rifle and the bayonet, and to assist
the white man in preserving free institutions
upon this continent.
Then came the contest in many of the States
with reference to admitting negroes to the right
to testify, to sue and be sued, to contract and
be contracted with, and to all the civil rights
that white men enjoy in the States. I well
remember how that political party in my own
State bitterly opposed any such law as that.
They declared that to allow a negro to testify
in the courts was certainly equivalent to pla-
