1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
diminution from year to year, until we shall
have paid off so much of the principal of the
public debt as will allow us to estimate the
interest at a gum considerably less. It will of
course be growing less and less from year to
year. Three hundred and thirty-four million
dollars, in round numbers $350,000,000, is a
very large sum for a nation to pay annually.
It is very large for us, in consideration of the
fact that it is so much larger than we have ever
before been called upon to pay or have any per-
fected machinery for raising the means to pay.
The aggregate revenues of Great Britain
during the last year were but $354,000,000,
and those of France but $350,000,000.
A Member. Dollars or pounds?
Mr. RAYMOND. It is reduced to dollars.
So that the three great nations of the world
are substantially upon the same footing so far
as the annual taxation imposed upon their peo-
ple is concerned.
But we have the advantage of these nations
in some respects, although both their popula-
tion and their aggregate wealth are somewhat
in excess of ours. Wo have a free Govern-
ment, a Government which allows to every one
of its individual members entire and perfect
freedom of individual action; and that, sir, is
a source of energy, of enterprise, of industrial
vigor and elasticity which cannot well be over-
rated. Nothing more is needed to show the
effect of this great principle of freedom upon
the industry of a nation than a comparison of
the rate at which the wealth of these three
nations has increased during successive dec-
ades. I have not before me, nor have I in
mind, the exact proportion of increase of pop-
ulation of Great Britain and France to the in-
crease in their aggregate wealth. Our own has
been very great. The increase in our wealth
has been in much more rapid ratio than the
increase of our population. During ten years,
ending in 1800, the increase of our population
was but thirty-five per cent., while in the aggre-
gate wealth of the nation, it was one hundred
and twenty-eight per cent. This is three times
the disproportion which obtains either in Eng-
land or France.
And more than that, our annual income is
greater than theirs—in a much larger propor-
tion. We have sources of wealth, moreover,
. sources of fresh vigor, sources of industrial
productiveness to which none of the old nations
of the world can make the least pretense. Im-
migration for one, and it is the only one I will
mention, is itself a source of productive labor
which cannot be estimated at less than two or
three hundred millions dollars every year.
I refer to this to show that our debt, great
as it is, is not beyond our resources; it is
not greater than our people can bear. I may
add that it is not greater than they will bear
cheerfully and readily, because it is a debt in-
curred by the people themselves, and for the
people themselves, for objects and blessings
they have in hand to-day, and will have through
all time to come.
Now, all we are asked to do—all the people
ask us to do in adjusting this great burden,
which is to recur year after for many years to
come—is that we shall adjust it so the people
may bear it easily; that we shall adjust it so
that it will not cripple those energies upon
which we rely for its payment; that we shall
put it where they can bear it best, and not
where it will rest heaviest upon them; that we
shall put it upon their back and not upon their
arms.
There are two great sources from which we
have to meet these expenses. One is the cus-
toms; duties imposed on imported goods, and
the other is excise duties, or duties imposed
on goods of our own production. Both of
these must be drawn upon from year to year.
What either will amount to must be the result
of estimates. The chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, in the statement he
has just submitted, estimates the receipts from
customs at a sum less than that of last year.
He looks forward, if I understood him aright,
to a diminution of the duties on imports. Last
year these were $84,000,000. The Secretary
of the Treasury estimates them for the coming
year at $100,000,000. I confess I cannot see
the data upon which estimates so low as either
of these sums can be properly based.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 referred to the estimate
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1867.
Mr. RAYMOND. So I understood. The
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury is
for the same year.
Now, Mr. Chairman, down to the year 1861,
for the five years immediately preceding that
year and the commencement of the war, the
imports averaged about three hundred and fifty
million dollars. I am sure they will not be
less than that from this time forward. Our
imports are always measured by the amount
of our exports. Our capacity to buy usually
determines the amount we do buy. We are
bringing into direct contribution to our com-
merce a larger extent of country than ever
before. A million and a half of men are going
from the field into productive pursuits. The
South is soon to be open to commerce, and the
South will produce largely with proper encour-
agement and aid at the hands of the Govern-
ment ; and I was glad to hear the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means refer to this
as one of the great reliances of the country for
revenue, namely, encouragement of the indus-
try of the South, and aid in developing the
resources of that rich and productive region.
Now, sir, with all these sources of produc-
tion I am sure we can fairly estimate our
exports for the next year and for a series of
years to come at not less than $400,000,000,
and our imports will be atleastas large as they
were during the five years previous to 1861.
What, then, will be the probable revenue from
customs? The present average rate of duty I
believe is something over forty per cent., prob-
ably nearer forty-five than forty. That is not
likely to be reduced, anditgives us one hundred
and forty millions. Indeed, the further imposi-
tion of these domestic excise duties will ren-
der it indispensable that we increase the duty
on foreign imports in order to keep the balance
even between foreign and domestic duties.
But, sir, without going into any intricate or
close calculation on this subject, I adduce these
facts merely to show that the estimate of the
Secretary of the Treasury, $100,000,000, is
exceedingly low, and that it is more likely to
be one hundred and fifty millions than one
hundred, at the rate at which imports are
coming in now.
Estimating the custom duties at $100,000,000
will leave $250,000,000, or a little less, to be
raised by domestic taxation. This bill now on
our tables, upon which our action is invoked,
proposes to provide for this sum each year for
the expenses of the Government. Now, it is
idle to conceal from ourselves the fact that this
is a grievous burden, and it will always be felt
to be a grievous burden by the mass of the
people upon whom it rests. No matter how
great may be their alacrity, no matter how
determined may be their purpose to pay it, no
matter how ready they may be to sacrifice all
they have in maintaining the honor of the
nation, it will still be felt now and always as a
serious burden; and the extent of its weight
will depend upon the manner in which it is
distributed among the different classss and
pursuits of the country.
Now, this is entirely a new subject for. us.
We have had no experience in devising ways
and means to distribute duties upon domestic
articles, so as to make them rest more or less
lightly upon the mass of the people. The task
was thrust upon us suddenly. The war came
upon us suddenly, and with the war came taxes,
out of which its expenses could alone be met.
When the rebellion came upon us we all know
how eagerly the people demanded that taxa-
tion should pay the expenses of the war for
its suppression. Their determination to rescue
the Government from the peril that threatened
it prompted them to demand that taxation
should be resorted to as the means of produ-
cing that result. My colleague from the north- i
ern part of the State of New York, [Mr. Hol-
buri),] then chairman of the Committee of
Ways andMeans in the Assetnbly of New York,
will remember how universal the cry came to
us, as it went to Congress also, that taxes
should be increased and that the country should
pay the expenses of the war as it went along
instead of resorting to loans. Naturally enough-
Congress responded to that demand. It re-
sponded at once, and necessarily without much
consideration. The laws of industry and of
political economy were but little regarded.
Congress issued its decree that everybody and
everything should bo taxed in every way.
Upon all the processes as well as the products
of industry, upon all work, and upon all tools
by which work was to be done, upon all classes
and conditions of men taxes were imposed with-
out stint and without precaution. Every branch
of trade, every kind of manufacture, raw mate-
rial and net results—everything that could be
made to pay was swept along in the vast drag-
net of that first tax bill.
Now, while the people paid these taxes with
the greatest alacrity and readiness, we must
not fall into the error of supposing that such a
system could be endured permanently. As a
.temporary necessity, they have borne it with a
degree of courage and patience that could never
have been exhibited by any other people on
the face of the earth; and this is not an empty
national boast—it is conceded by the highest
authorities of England, that in this as in many
other things the people of the United States
have proved themselves entirely a people by
themselves.
The London Economist, perhaps the highest
financial authority in England, in speaking of
the taxation through which the United States
have passed during the last four or five years,
says that "no other nation would have en-
dured a system of excise duties so searching,
so effective, and so troublesome." And it adds,
that "to have imposed such taxes in England
would have caused a revolution."
And it is to the eternal honor of the Ameri-
can people that in this, as in everything-else
connected with the salvation of their country,
they have responded nobly to the calls of the
Government. But this, as I have said, was
from the necessities of the case a temporary
provision. It became necessary, and the last
Congress foresaw the necessity, to make pro-
vision for some permanent arrangement and
system of internal duties. The first step which
it took was a judicious step. It was to follow
the example of that nation which has had more
experience of internal taxation than any other,
Great Britain. Great Britain always, in de-
vising ways of taxation, appoints commissions
or committees who take evidence carefully and
elaborately; for taxation, even more than, the
ordinary action of government is_ an experi-
mental science—purely deductive in its nature.
There are no general principles which will in-
struct any nation as to the specific taxes it may
impose. It must inquire into the facts and be
governed by them. It must scrutinize each
particular branch of industry, its bearings on
all others and the bearing of the whole on the
welfare and prosperity of the nation; and the
sj'stem of taxation must be suited to the emer-
gency in each particular case.
Congress authorized at its last session a com-
mission of three gentlemen familiar with the
subject from theoretical study and capable of
making personal investigations of the facts
relating to it. Those gentlemen have been
engaged with assiduity, and intelligence, and, I
think, with a degree of success far greater than
could have been predicted, in investigating the
whole of this great and novel subject. They
have collected a vast body of evidence, which
I am sorry to say has not yet been printed and
delivered to Congress for its instruction, but
the summaries made from it and published
from time to time must have done much to
enlighten all those members who wish to un-
derstand the subject in its details and the action
proper to be taken.
Now, all that I propose to do upon this oc-
