1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
firm.; and would collect claims, and then change
their firms, and in many instances, where the
soldier applied to know if they had got his
claim, they would say to him, "No, we have not
collected your claim," and on inquiry at the
War Department or the proper Department it
would be found that it had been collected; and
then, when the soldier or officer went and
said to these agents, "Pay me that money or
I will commence a suit," they have replied,
"Sue; what good will it do? What will you
get by a suit?" This bill will not reach a case
of that kind. It might reach some eases, but
the objection is that while it would reach a cer-
tain class of cases, it would do much injury to
many men who are very earnestly and honora-
bly and creditably to themselves and their con-
stituents pursuing- this business of recovering
claims for the soldiers. Jt would in my judg-
ment have precisely this effect: that the attor-
ney would first ask a man who came to employ
him to collect a claim, "How much difficulty
will there be in getting your claim?" And if
he should reply, " No difficulty at all; you have
only to apply for it and you wiil get it," then he
would undertake to collect it. But in the vast
majority of cases there is a great, deal more dif-
ficulty and more labor to be performed. Per-
haps the attorney has got to travel twenty, fifty,
or a hundred miles to obtain proof and collect
testimony and transmit it to Washington and
then collect the claim. "Will ho do that for ten
dollars? Certainly lie cannot; and while you
are preventing mischief in one direction, I sug-
gest that possibly you may be creating a diffi-
culty in another direction. It is very true that
we have done something in this direction in
regard to pensions; but it may be that we
shall do more mischief here than we shall do
I agree that something ought to be done. I
have had my feelings very much touched when
some of these soldiers have come to me and
complained of the difficulty of collecting their
claims; soldiers who had had the whole of their
claims swallowed up in this way. There would
be a remedy in the case which the Senator from
Massachusetts has stated, where one of these
agents charged a New York soldier SloO for
collecting a claim of $300. If he took an ex-
orbitant fee in that way, the man who has been
injured may firing an action against 1 be claim
agent, if he is worth anything, and recover all
but what was a proper fee; but the difficulty is
that probably he is not worth a copper.
Mr. HARRIS. None of them are.
Mr. CLARK. None of them are worth a
copper, says the Senator from New York. This
bill will not reac-h them at all. There is a mis-
chief that we cannot reach or cure, to say noth-
ing about the objection made by the Senator
from Delaware. 1 do not propose to touch upon
that objection; but on the expediency of the
thing, I think you must have something a little
more efficient than I fear this bill will be; I do
not. know what it should be.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I will ask the Senator if he
has ever learned that any difficulty has arisen
on account of our fixing the fees of the pension
agents? We fixed the fees of pension agents,
as you, sir, will remember, for I believe you
reported the bill, in lSiil. There will be found
to be quite as much labor, and I think a great
deal more, in preparing the papers to obtain a
pension than to obtain back pay or bounty, and
yet we fixed that fee at ten dollars, and I have
never heard that there was any trouble about
it. We have no complaints from any quarter
about the obtaining of pensions, but there are
complaints all over the country in regard to
the collection of back pay and bounties by these
agents.
In this connection, let me state one fact.
Some three weeks ago. 1 received a letter from
a woman in tho city of New Y'ork, stating that
she had confided to a concern in this city her
claim to be collected. She had reason to think
it had been paid. I sent the paper to the Au-
ditor's Office, and found the money had been
paid, and after a correspondence between the
Department, myself, and this woman, running
through three or four weeks, I found the fact
to be that this agent had obtained a woman to
swear that she was the proper person, and had
pocketed the money himself.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the name of the
agent?
Mr. WILSON. He was a partner of the per-
son of whom 1 have already spoken, but 1 do
not know that that person was at all to blame
for it.
Mr. CLARK. This bill would not reach
that case.
Mr. WILSON. It punishes by fine and im-
prisonment, as they ought to be, all these accents
who will not pay over the money when the,}' col-
lect it. This man finally, as I understand from
Mr. French, the Second Auditor, undertook to
erase these forgeries afterward, and by this cor-
respondence this poor woman in the city of
New York got her money, and this partnership
was dissolved. The man who did that was evi-
dently a great scoundrel; and I tell you that
shysters and dishonest men have gone into this
business to a large extent.
I desire to state another fact. A gentleman
in the city of Now York, a son of Mr. Dodge
who is contesting a seat in the other House,
who has given his time for the last four or five
years to the cause of tho soldiers, who has made
an organization in the city of New York by which
he and his associates have obtained employment
for eighteen hundred wounded men without one
dollar of cost to them, who has undertaken to
collect these claims without charging a dollar
for the collection, says he finds great difficulty
in getting his papers through, while the persons
that throng in the country and have their agents
here find no difficulty in getting their claims
through. They are on the spot; they are watch-
ing; they are crowding their matters all the
time: and this association organised in the cih
of New York, working for nothing, doing it as
an act of charity and benevolence to the sol-
diers, composed of men ofwealth and character,
find the greatest difficulty in getting their papers
through here. I believe that this bill, if passed,
will drive the dishonest men out of this busi-
ness and will keep it in the hands of good men,
for there are good men engaged in it. It will
put them on the same footing as pension agents:
it gives them the same compensation and makes
them liable to the same punishments; in fact,
the bill is substantially copied from the bill in
regard to pension agents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. GO.
fkeedmex's bukeau.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 00) to enlarge the powers of the
Freedmen's Bureau.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, "Shall the bill pass?" and upon that
question tho Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Sir. President, in the course
of my time I have heard a good deal about the
dignity of Senators. I never mnde any preten-
sion of that sort myself: but I do claim that I
have reached the dignity of true manhood, and
that dignity impels me whenever a blow is aimed
at the Constitution of my country and the lib-
erties of the people, or my State, or myself,
always to repel it with another blow, and when
the aggressive blow comes from any citizen of
my own State, I do not care whether his posi-
tion be private or official, f am impelled to hit
him with all the vigor I can throw in the repel-
ling blow.
I stated last night when the Senate adjourned
the points of opposition upon which I objected
to the passage of this measure. As they are
short, 1 wiil state them again.
First. I object to the passage of this bill, be-
cause a majority of the Senate exclude Sena-
tors from eleven States from their seats for the
purpose of securing the passage of this and
other measures.
Second. The measure is unconstitutional,
because it proposes to invest the Freedmen's
Bureau with judicial powers; because it author-
izes the President to assign Army officers to the
exercise of those judicial powers; because it
breaks down the partition of the powers of the
Government made by the Constitution, and
blends^ and concentrates in the same hands
executive and judicial powers ; and because it
deprives the citizcn of his right to trial by jury
in civil cases.
Third. It ought not to pass, because it is a
scheme devised to practice injustice and op-
pression upon the white people of the late
slaveholding States for the benefit of the free
negroes, to engender strife and conflict between
the two races, and to prostitute the powers of
the Government for the impoverishment and
degradation of the white race, and the enrich-
ment and exaltation of the negro race.
Fourth. It, will produce a profligate, waste-
ful, and unnecessary expenditure of the public
money.
Fifth. It is one of the bold, reckless, and un-
constitutional system of measures devised by
the radical party to enable it to hold on to power
and office.
if these objections are well stated, they are
certainly sufficient to defeat this or any measure
to which they can be made. I pledged myself
yesterday and heretofore in relation to this
measure that I would prove its unconstitution-
ality, and I think I am now ready to redeem
that pledge. But in relation to the first ground of
objection—that it ought not to pass because the
majority of the Senate have resorted to a revo-
lutionary measure and have dissolved the Union
to secure its passage—can any proposition be
more true or self-evident than that, when a ma-
jority of the Senate or of the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the purpose of passing any meas-
ure, deliberately, wantonly, and in defiance of
the Constitution and of the rights of the States
to be represented in the two Houses of Congress,
exclude from that representation in the two
Houses eleven States, they have exercised and
cut off those eleven States from the Union ?
Have they not dissolved the Union? If that
does not amount to a dissolution of the Union,
or a lawless, unconstitutional exercise of power
by an oppressive, tyrannical majority, T do not
know what can produce such a result? What
right have the majority in this Senate to exclude
the Senators from eleven States? They are
entitled to representation here by the Constitu-
tion of our country. They are entitled to it by
all the laws of justice and of sound policy.
What extraordinary motive but the one which
I have imputed to them can operate upon this
majority to induce them to resort to this revo-
lutionary measure, by which they have dissolved
the Union and cut off eleven States from it,
and from participation in its government? Is
this to be a new principle of party tactics?
When a majority in Congress desire to pass revo-
lutionary measures upon which hang the per-
manence of the party and their hold of power
and of the possession of the Government, are
they to resort to the extraordinary and revolu-
tionary measure of excluding from the Senate
and tho House of Representatives, Senators and
Representatives of eleven States who are as
much entitled to seats in the two bodies as they
are, in order that they maybe able to pass tlieir
unconstitutional measures ?
My honorable friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowax] said the other day that there were some
eighty propositions to amend the Constitution
pending before this Congress, and the cry is,
still they come. Look at this measure ; look
at the measure that is immediately to follow it,
which the honorable chairman on the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary says, eo ■instunti, when this
bill is disposed of, lie intends to press upon the
attention of the Senate for its adoption; look
at the bill to confer upon the negroes of this
Distiict the right of suffrage. I say that the
object and sole purpose of this revolutionary
movement of keeping out the Representatives
