1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3399
sonal rights of citizens of the United States aro at
present sufficiently protected in said States, and
whether any further legislation is neeessaryto dolhu
him with sufficient authority to protect all the loyal
citizens of the States recently in rebellion in the en-
joyment of their constitutional rights.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the preamble and resolution will
go over until Monday next.
MONUMENTS FOR NATIONAL CEMETERIES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to provide
suitable monuments for national cemeteries;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, with leave to report at any
time.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
make a personal explanation as well as an
appeal to the House. Some days ago action
was had in reference to Senate bill No. 317,
to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to se-
cure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes,' ap-
proved July 1, 1862," approved July 2, 1861.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman making a personal explanation ?
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. Those interestedinthatbill
came here and asked me to take charge of it, and
when it came here to let it lie upon the Speak-
er's table and not to let it be sent to a com-
mittee, and I agreed to do so. I remained in
the House until within a few minutes to four
o'clock p. m. I was unwell, and became fee-
ble. The. call ceased, and I asked the Speaker
whether he thought the call of any more bills
would take place, and ho told me he thought it
would stop where it was. I wen't to the com-
luitlce-room and got my bat and was about to
go home when the call was renewed. I came
in just at what I supposed to be the call of the
Kansas bill, and I asked that it lie upon the
Speaker's table, as I liad promised to those
who asked mo to take charge of it. There was
no objection, and I went home. I found, next
morning, instead of bill No. 317, another bill
was allowed to remain upon the Speaker's
table, and bill No. 317 was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad. I asked that
the Journal should be corrected. It was my
fault, and not that of those interested in the
bill, it was placed in that condition. It was
not from any negligence on my part, but on
account of sickness I was obliged to leave at
the time 1 did; but, sir, it was objected to my
correcting the Journal in that way. I have
wailed till now to move, a suspension of the
rules, if necessary. I ask, first, by unanimous
consent, that Senate bill No. R17, to amend an
act entitled " An act to amend an act entitled
'An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes,' approved July 1,
1802," approved July 2, 1804, be placed back
upon the Speaker'stable. It can remain there,
subject to the disposition of the House. I do
not want my mistake to prejudice gentlemen
who have an interest in the bill, lliopo there
will be no objection.
Mr. VfENTWORTH. I rise to a personal
explanation. I have been boarding at a pub-
lie hotel in this city during most of this winter.
I have had gentlemen call on me at the hotel,
respectable gentlemen, to tell me about the
Pacific railroad. Each of these gentlemen
very kindly gave me his views of what would
be to the interest of this country. If I know
myself, that is exactly ray policy; I want to
do what is to the interest of this country. I
was told that these bills were coming from the
Senate, and when they came I expected to
hear from these railroad men at the West, and
get their views. Some of them wrote to me.
They said when the bills came to the House
and were referred to the committee they would
come and explain their views. I watched the
bills. They came to the Speaker's table.
Now, thegentleman from Pennsylvania thinks
he was taken advantage of. I do not like to
see him going back on himself. When other
people have impugned his sagacity 1 have stood
up lor him, as everybody knows. These bills
were on the Speaker's table, and I was informed
by one side of this case that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would take care of that side.
I thought that I could safely take care of the
other side by moving to refer the bill to him-
self. He is on the committee to which we re-
ferred this bill, and I thought it would be doing
him no injustice to refer it to him. There is
no man in this House who has followed him so
blindly as I have. [Laughter.]
My friend from Pennsylvania made amotion
the other day to lay one bill on the table. I
was not watching that bill. That was his bus-
iness, not mine. But when we came to the
proper bill I wanted to send it somewhere, and
where could I send it better than into the arms
of my friend from Pennsylvania? So, into his
arms I sent it, and there it is now.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am free to say that I
know nothing about the merits of these bills.
I have hoard both sides kindly, fairly, and im-
partially. But from a long experience in this
House, I have no confidence in the professions
of a lobby man anyhow. He is like a lawyer,
he works for his client; and. when a man comes
into this House and tells me his story, 1 regard
him just like a lawyer. He lias got his fee and
is working for the men who sent him here. I
have heard the lobby men on both sides of this
question, and I have asked that this bill might
go to this committee. I am opposed to leaving
it on the Speaker'stable, because some morn-
ing or evening when but few of us are here it
will be taken up and passed. It is not a thing
that is to be discussed in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and five min-
utes will settle the case when the lobby have
notified their men. Therefore, without saying
anything more either for or against it, I pro-
pose that it do not lie on the Speaker's table,
where any member can get up here some after-
noon and take a snap judgment on the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I was not
going to discuss the merits of the question.
Mr. WENTWORTII. Let me finish my
remarks, and then I will yield with great pleas-
ure to my friend from Pennsylvania.
Well, now, Mr. Speaker, we have been pass-
ing a great many of these railroad bills this
session, and no member of this House knows
when callcd upon by his constituents what they
have been doing. And now you ask mo to let
a great railroad grant lie on our table where
in five minutes it can be disposed of under the
previous question. I never will consent 1o
that. The bill is now referred to a committee
of which my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Sti:venk] is a member, and of which the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] is a member.
I do not know who the other members of the (
committee are, but the bill is in the committee j
now, and what I propose is, that it shall remain
in that committee, where every member of the
House and every man in the country shall have
the privilege of going before the committee
and discussing it, and thus all sides of the
question can be heard. I want only fair play.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Illinois to object.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I do not object to
the gentleman's speaking, but I object to his
motion.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman's ob-
ject can only be reached by a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not propose to refer
to the merits of the bill. I have stated the
reason why those interested in the bill were
deprived of what they desired. It was a mis-
take on my part, and I simply ask that the bill
be placed where it was, simply leaving it on
the Speaker's table, subject to all the action it
would have been subject to but for my mistake.
As objection is made, I move a suspension of
the rules so as to allow the bill to remain upon
the Speaker's table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
74, noes 36.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRICE, lask unanimous consent, to
speak five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 83, nays 38, not voting 01; as follows:
B
h . . , — -
Cullom. Dawson, Dixon, Dnqgb, KHtley, Fgglestoni
Finck, (Hossbremier, Goodyear, Gridcr, Ilalc, Aaron
Harding, Harris, llnyes, Henderson, Higby, Hogan,
Hotchluss, Dennis Hubbard, Jlulburd, Kasson, Kcl-
lcy, Kelso, Kerr, Lallin, Latham, (Jcorgc V. Law-
lencc, William Lawrence. Le Blond, Loan, Longyear,
Marvin, McChug, MeCulhmgh, MoKec, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhcad, Morns, Myers, Newell, Niblaok,
O'Neill, Orth, Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. ftandall,
"William 11. Randall, Hi 1 tor,Rousseau,Schenck, Soo-
field, Shanklin, Shellabarjrer. Sittrreaves, Stevens,
Stilwcll, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Tiowbiidge, UpMjii, Buit Van Horn, Itobeit T.
Van Horn, Henry J). Washburn, Whaloy, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Winfield—si.
NAYS-—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Boutwell, Chanlcr, Cobb,
Davis, Dawes, Domini, Dodge, Donnelly, Kldridgo,
Eliot, Grinncil, Hooper, John 11. Hubbard. Hum-
phrey, Julian, Maraton, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Price, John H. Riee, Rollins,Sawyer,Spalding,
Taylor, Warner, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
James F. Wilson, and Windom—38.
NOT VOTING—Mcbsri=. Anderson, Baxter, Blow,
Brandcgee, Bromwell, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cook, Culver, Darling,Dc-
frccs, Delano. Denison, Jhimont, Farnsworth, Farqu-
har, Ferry, (Jarlield, Grisvrold, Abner C. Hardin?,
Hail, Hill, Holmes, Asahcl W. Ilubbard, Chester D.
Ilubbaid, Edwin N. llubbcll, James R. Hubboll, In-
gersoll, Jenckoe, Johnson, Jones, ICetcham, Ivuyken-
dall, Lynch, Marshall, Melndoe, Mclluer, Morrill,
Moulton, Nicholson, Noell, Plants, Pomcroy, Ray-
mond, Alexander IT. Rice, PtogcrSjlto??, Sloan, Smith,
Starr. St rou<e, Taber, John L.Thomas. Van Aernam,
Ward, Eli huB. Washburn e.Welker, Williams, Wood-
budge, and Wright—CI.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) tlic
rules were suspended, and the Committee on
the Paeiiie Railroad was discharged from the
farther consideration of the bill, and the same
was transferred to the Speaker's tabic.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say that there is
no disposition to take any advantage of the
fact of the bill being where it now is. I do not
propose to call it up to-day. I propose to let
it remain whore it now is untilgentlemen shall
have had a chance to examine it.
CONTESTED ELECTION liOYD VERSUS KELSO.
Mr. UPSON. J rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed by the Committee of Elections
to make a report in the contested-election case
of Boyd vs. Kelso, accompanied by a resolu-
tion. I do not propose to ask for action on the
resolution at this time, but will call it up at
some future day. I move that the report and
resolution be piintcd and laid upon the table.
The resolution is as follows:
RrwJved, That John R. Km,so i.-> entitled to retain
his seal in this llou^e as a Bepresentntive in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress from the fourth congressional
district of Missouri.
The leport was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
DOItENCE ATWATER.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolutions:
7lexohrd, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire and report whether, in the
conviction of Dorence Atwater, late a piivnto iu the
pen oral Fervice of the United States Army, on the
charge of larcenv, before a court-martial held at the
city of Washington in or about the month of Sep-
tember, 1803, and in the findinc: and sentence of paid
court-martial, and the execution thereof, any injus-
tice was done to said Atwater which ought to bo
redressed; and whether in the proceedings against
said Atwater before said court-martial, or prior or
subsequent to the same, any officer or officers of the
United States Army was or were guilty of oppression,
cruelty, injustice, or other conduct unbecoming an
officer and a gentleman; and also to inquire and
repoit whether, and since the conviction of said
Atwater, any oflicer or officers of the United States
Army, has or ha\ e been guilty of oppression, cruelty,
injustice, or othereondnct unbecoming an officer and
a gentleman, iu improperly attempting to prevent,
hinder, or deUy the pardon of said Atwater, or the
canceling and annulling the sentence of said court-
martial, or in any manner improperly interfering or
