U8Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. GRINNELL. I would ask the gentle-
man whether he does not know that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Dumont] has been sick
and confined to his room the greater part of the
winter. It seems to me very unkind to allude
to him in that way.
Mr. WHALEY. It was not in any unkind-
ness that I alluded to that gentleman; but I ask
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] to
tell me in what way a member can get the floor
and secure an opportunity to speak. - I have
Only been able to do it by asking gentlemen to
yield to me for a monent, when I manage to
get in a remark or so. My constituents are
expecting it, and yet, after months of time
spent here, I fail to get the opportunity I have
sought.
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not want to interrupt
the gentleman, but I thought he was not aware
that the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Du-
moxt, ] was a valuable officer in the Army and
lost his health in the service of his country.
Mr. WHALEY. I am aware of that, and I
appreciate it fully. But to come to what I
intended to say. I am not ashamed of having
been a Democrat, nor a Douglas Democrat.
Some gentlemen seem to think in these days
that it has become a disgrace for a man to have
ever been a Democrat. It was not so when I
first came here in 1861. Then, and for two
years succeeding, I heard nothing disparaging
to that class of men. Sir, is the Union party
of to-day to become either a AVhig party or a
Democratic party? I think not. But I will do
full justice to the patriotic men of all parties—
Whigs, Republicans, and Douglas Democrats—
who united in a solid phalanx against the Breck-
inridge Democracy in my State. The people
of my State do not want any party but that of
the Union.
Sir, I hope that some time or other I shall
have an opportunity to speak for a few min-
utes. For the present I can only say, that so
long as the escutcheons of these States are en-
graven on the ceiling of this Hall, just so long
as the stars, emblematic of the number ofth'ese
States, shall remain on the flag that now dee-
orates your Speaker's stand, we should regard
them all as in the Union.
Sir, the gulf between Congress and the Pres-
ident, is not so wide that it cannot be bridged.
So far as I am concerned, I can see no diffi-
culty in our coming together. If we do not
bridge this gulf, let gentlemen beware of the
next congressional election when they will have
to meet the people and when this question will
be decided.
Mr. MOULTON obtained the floor.
Mr, 110 G AN. The gentleman from Illinois
is not solicitous to go on this afternoon, and I
presume the members of the House are not
solicitous to have him go on. With his consent,
I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock p. in.) the House adjourned
until Monday.  
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, &C., wore presented under
the rule and referred to sippropriate committees:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: Petitions from the
business men of Toledo, Ohio; "Williams county, Ohio;
Archibald, Ohio; Potersville, Ohio; Oakland, Ohio;
Whitchonsc, Ohio; and Washington, Ohio, praying
Congress tor an appropriation to improve the navi-
gation of theMaumee bay and the harbor of Toledo,
Ohio.
Also, from the business men of La Fayette, Indiana:
IVest Point. Indiana; I'ort Wayne, Indiana; Peru,
Indiana.; Williamsport.Indinna; Lawrence,Indiana;
Butler, Indiana; Waterloo City, Indiana; Roanoke,
Indiana; WestLebanon,Indiana; AYabash, Indiana,
and Huntington, Indiana, praying for an appropria-
tion for the same purpose.
Also, from the business men of Decatur, Illinois;
Naples, Illinois; Jacksonville,Illinois; Niantic,Illi-
nois; Clayton,Illinois; Mound City,Illinois; Bement,
Illinois; and Alexander, Illinois, praying for an ap-
propriation for the same purpose.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Horace R. Gard-
ner, and 69 others, citizens of Hillsdale county, Mich-
igan, asking the extension of the land %r;i nt to the
A-mboy, Lansing, and Traverse Bay .Railroad Com-
pany, in llio Statc«of Michigan.
By Mr. SPALDING: Thepetition of Joseph G. IIus-
sey, and others, eitiaens of Cleveland, Ohio, for an
increased tariff on copper.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 19, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gbay.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of cit-
izens of New York, praying that no State may
be admitted as a governing partner in the Union
without adequate security being obtained against
any renewed attempt to secede, &c.; which was
referred to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Jefferson county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the adoption of such an amendment to the
Constitution as will forever prevent any State
from making any distinction in civil rights
and privileges among the naturalized citizens of
the united States residing within its limits, or
among persons born on its soil, on account of
race, color, or descent; which was referred to
the joint committee on reconstruction.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States residing in Richmond, Vir-
ginia, Raleigh, North Carolina, Mobile and
Huntsville, Alabama, journalists, editors, and
publishers, praying for the adoption of an in-
ternational copyright law by this Government
and that of Great Britain; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a similar petition from
citizens of Massachusetts, New Hampshire,
and New York ; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WADE presented five petitions of citizens
of Ohio, representing that the wool-growers in
Ohio are not sufficiently protected against for-
eign importations of wool, and praying for an
increase of duties on imported wool; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. NESMITH presented three petitions of
citizens of Oregon, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route between Dalles, Wasco
county, Oregon, and Boise City, in the Terri-
tory of Idaho ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pierce county, Wisconsin, praying for
the establishment of a mail route from Red
Wing, Minnesota, to River Falls, Wisconsin;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. KIRKWOOD presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of granting
to the Iowa branch of the Union Pacific railroad
the same aid, under like restrictions and limita-
tions, as has been granted to the Kansas branch
of that railroad; which were referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor of the establishment of
a national Bureau of Education; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of the United States Army, praying for an in-
crease of pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Austin
Bingham, and others, late slaves belonging to
the estate of the late G. W. P. Custis, deceased,
who by his will were to receive from the estate
a comfortable subsistence during their lives,
praying to be allowed a title of ten acres of land
each on the Arlington estate so called, in con-
sideration of the terms of the will; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of D. B. Allen, agent of the Ocean Steamship
Line running between New York and San Fran-
cisco, via Panama, praying for compensation
for services rendered to the Post Office Depart-
ment by that line in the transportation of the
United States mail during the years 1864 and
1865; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
West Virginia praying for the establishment of
semi-annual terms of the United States district
court in the city of Parkersburg, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented two petitions of
citizens of Oregon, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Portland to Silver-
ton, in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CRESWELL presented the petition of
Messrs. Schley and Emery, of Baltimore, Mary-
land, praying that a pension may be granted
to Mrs. Agries W. Laughlin, widow of William
Laughlin, late of company C, third Maryland
cavalry, who was drowned by the sinking of
the United States steamer North America, in
the month of December, 1864, while absent
from his regiment on a furlough on account of
sickness contracted in the service ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of George P.
Remsberg, praying for an appropriation for the
support and education of his son, Charles Rems-
berg, who lost his right arm by a volley fired
by the provost guard in the public street in the
city of Frederick, Maryland, on the 13th of
April, 1865 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present five petitions
from persons engaged in mining, manufactures,
commerce, agriculture, and the mechanic arts,
in which they relate that the excise tax is dis-
proportionate to the customs duties on many
similar European products, so as not only to
strip American products of the protection in-
tended-to be given to them, but to offer direct
and large premiums upon the importation of
foreign articles—a result not contemplated
when the existing revenue laws were framed.
They complain that many branches of industry
have been suspended by this state of affairs,
and they remonstrate against any alteration in
the present rates of duties on imports which
shall lead to large importations of the products
of foreign manufactories. They claim that
many of the internal duties are much larger
than the corresponding duties on imported
articles, and that alterations should be made
to put them at least on an equality with the
labor of foreign countries. They complain also
that the fluctuation and variation in the amount
of the circulating medium is so great, there be-
ing no law fixing it, tends to derange all their
business calculations, so that they cannot enter
into any business with the certainty that their
values will not be suddenly changed by this
fluctuating financial policy. I ask the reference
of these petitions to the Committee on Finance.
They were so referred.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the following
petitions, which were severally referred to the
Committee on Finance: the petition of W. R.
Potts, treasurer of the American Optical Com-
pany of the city of New York, praying for an
increase of the duties on all kinds of imported
optical instruments; the petition of Willard &
Co., manufacturers of camera tubes and lenses,
praying for an increase of thirty per cent, on
the duties on imported tubes and lenses for
photographing; thepetition of Wirth and Mil-
ler, manufacturers of cameras, praying for an
increase of forty per cent, on the duties on im-
ported photograph cameras; the petition of
Chapman & Wilcox, manufacturers of cam-
eras, praying for an increase of thirty per cent,
on the duties on imported cameras for photo-
graphic use; the petition of Perry & Cham-
bers, opticians, praying for an increase of fifty
per cent, on the duties on imported cameras
and lenses; the petition of Henry G. Fitz, tel-
escope maker, praying for an increase of the
duties on imported photographic and optical-
instruments; the petition of Prosch & Meyer,
prayingfor an increase of the duties on imported
optical instruments and photographic tubes; the
petition of Julius Grunow, praying for an in-
crease of forty per cent, on the duties on imported
optical instruments; the petition of Bryant &
Smith, praying for an increase of thirty per
cent, on the duties on lenses imported for pho-
tographic use; and thepetition of G. Wesom
