416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
of eleven States from the House of Represent- |
atives, and twenty-two Senators representing j
eleven States out of the Senate, is simply to en-
able the party in power to pass these measures, j
Are not these eleven States severed from the \
Government and the Union? V  hat is the sev- j
erance of the Union but the severance of the '
States from participation in the Government? j
That is the very essential definition of a sever- !
ance of the Union. Are not these States, which
are thus severed from the Union by the lawless
will of the dominating majority here, as much
interested, and tenfold more interested, in the
measures to which I have adverted, and the
pending one than the States who are permit-
ted to retain their places in the Union, and who
by the Representatives and Senators presume
thus to revolutionize the Government and to cut
them off from its benefits? In the name of the
Constitution, which lias been violated by the
lawless and inexcusable and unauthorized dis-
memberment of the Union that has been made
in the way that 1 have mentioned, in behalf of
the deep, vital, permanent interest which the
people of those eleven Stales have in these
measures, I protest against the passage of this
bill, or its consideration, until those States arc
allowed to come into the Union and to have
their representatives in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States.
Sir, by whatauthorityisthisrevolution effected
by the majority? What .a fearful precedent it
will establish! If it is to prevail, as prevail I
suppose it will, how alluring to future parties
to tread the same bold and revolutionary path.
They will exclaim to the party now in power,
"Thou didst marshal me m the way t am go-
ing:" and the time will come when this bitter
chalice with all of its poisonous ingredients will
be tendered to your own lips. When thai day
comes, if 1 should live and be in public or pri-
vate life, and this poisonous chalice is ottered
to you, 1 will dash il from your lips if I can, with
the same will and readiness that 1 would now
dash it from the lips of the southern States—not
for your sake, but for the sake of my country,
the Constitution, and the liberties of the peo-
ple. For myself, for my posterity, for the pos-
terity of the American people, 1 protest against
the parage of this measure until the Union is
restored. V on have dissolved the Union. It is
an act. of your own will. You mav restore the
Union and repair the infliction which you have
made upon it any moment yon please. 1 ask
you if those States are not entitled to represen-
tation in the Senate, and if they w ere here u on id
you dare to press this infamous and iniquitous
measure? if you did, with the concentrated
power of those ele\en States il would be de-
feated, and all your party advantages and all
your perpetuity in oihee and power would Ik;
Stricken to the ground.
1 have said that, this measure ought not to
pass because it. was unconstitutional, because
ltimests the Kreednien's Hureau with judicial
powers. } understood my fiieud from Illinois
at first to assume the position that it did not in-
vest or propose to invest judieial poweis in the
bureau, bat he, afterward told me thai, I had
misapprehended him, and conceded explicitly
that it does invest judicial powers m this bureau.
I say that that is a palpable and flagitious in-
fraction of the Constitution. I will now read
some of the provisions of this bill upon which
I intend to comment:
.Sec. 2. And bo it further a)ctcf>>tl, That the Commis-
sioner,with the appro\ alof the President, may divide
each district into a number oi* ict^, not to ex-
ceed the number of count io? or parishes ui such dis-
trict, and shall a?>i^n to each sub-district at least one
agent, either a citizen, oflieerof the Army, or enlisted
TiTa-i* i nf , , * * And the Piosiden? of the
Uuited States, through the War Department and the
Comnn«*ioijor, shall extend military jurisdi< tion and
protection over all employes, agents, and olhecrs of
this bureau.
I ask the especial attention of the Senate to
the seventh and eighth sections:
J^rc. /. Aii'/f>r /f turtiur cuavt<fl, That whenever in
any .^Oue or di-tmt in which the ordinary course of
ieliC:nZroce'11 lnten'mHed by the re-
I moved an amendment excepting from the
operation of the bill, and from the tyranny of I
this bureau, the States where the courts were
now open, and "where justice could be adminis-
tered in them according to the course of the
civil law; but the dominating party in this Sen-
ate voted it down h\ a solid phalanx. I will
comment upon that in a moment—
and wherein, in consequence of any Sfnte or local
low, ordinance, notice, or other regulation, custom, or
prejudice, any of the civil risrhts or immunities be-
lonyintc to white poisons, including the nsht.to make
and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, and sive evi-
dence, to inhciit. purchase, lease, sell, hold, and con-
vey real and peisonal property, and to has e full and
equal benefit of all laws and proceeding tor the se-
curity of person and e.-tate, are refused or denied to
negroes, mulattoes, freedmen, refugee's, or any other
pei.-ons. on account of race, color, or any previous
condition of slavery or involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall
lia\ e been dul> convicted, or wherein they or any of
them are subjected to any other or different punish-
ment, pains, or penalties, for the commission of any
act or offense, than are proscribed lor white persons
committing like ad* or offense?", it shall be the duty
of the_ President of the United States through the
Commissioner, to extend military protection and
jui i.-dic(iori oven all cuoos affecting such persons so
discriminated against.
Was there ever such a fearful, tremendous, and
most unauthorized investiture of judicial powers
in a mere executive bureau of the Government
before? The next section is in these words:
SEe.fi. Ami Up ii fvrthpv enacfpil. That any person
who, under color of any State or local law, oidinanee,
police, or other lobulation or custom, shali, in any
State or district, jh whu h ihc ordmaiy course of judi-
cial proceedmgs has been interrupted by the rebel-
lion, subject, or cause to be subjected, any negro, mu-
latto, freedman, refugee, or other poison, on account
of l ace or color, or any previous condition of slavery
or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for
ciline whereof the party shall have been duty oon-
viotid, or tor any otlua c.ue-c, to the depuvation of
nnv civil ritrht secured to white persons or to :mv
other or different puni-hmonf than while poisons are
subject to lor t he < miiiinvioii ot like acts ol o'leiwes,
shall bo deemed lyuilt v of a misdoniciinoi , and lie pun-
ished bv fine not exceeding or imprisonment
not exceeding one vear, or both: and it ^diall be the
duty ol t ho oli'u ci.- and agents of thn* buieau to take
jurisdiction ol—
Yes. sir, vesting in them, in express and ex-
plicit language, the judicial power in all the
chirfs of eases herein described—
and hear and dot evi inn call offenses committed against
the provisions of this section, and also of all cases
atfeeting negroes, mulattoes, freedmen, refugees or
other poison^ who are discriminated anain-t m any
of the particular mentioned in the picecduurseetion
of this act, undei siudi inks and regulation^ as t he
Pi esidenl of t be Unit < d Suites, t hi ouy h the War De-
partment, shall pie-,enbe.
Through the head of that Department, the
Ihn nan of our country, who will stay there un-
til lit1 rots oil'! But bore is the end to which
all the; systematic tyranny is to be pressed :
here are 1 he results to the pat ty and to t he freed
ne,'>ro that ai e to 1 >e brou lib I, a bout by the puni-
tive character of this measure, and by the pun-
ishment which it authorizes the Krecdmen's
Bureau and its agents to iulliet ii])on all the
authorities of Slate governments:
The jurisdiction confened bv this section on the
ofliecr"- and a^ent- of tins bureau to caw and dotej -
mine u !iene\ er I iie di -in iminai ion on art oanf of v. ii udi
it is eon lei i ed and in no e\ ent to !>e e\e: ci.-ed
ni an v St at o i u wliu !i 1 lie ordma ly cour-e of j udn i j 1
pioeecdimrs ha- not boi n inteu unfed by the icb d-
1 u>t). noi' in an v Mit I) State alter -aid Si a (e shall have
been 1 uI!\ i o^toi ed in .ill jf s eoiM it ut lonal relations
to the Unit ed St a tes, and the court- of 1 he Slate and
of the I in ted Sta te-= w if h m t ho same a) e pot di-aubed
or -O'i'ped in the peaceable course of justice.
Hen; is the deceitful lan^ua^e of this pro-
vision. It gives to tins bureau this irresponsi-
ble action, backed by the bayonets of the Army
of the United Slates, in every State where the
proceeding of the, conrNha\e been interrupted
by the rebellion. They have been interrupted,
1 presume, in the State of my honorable friend
from Delaware ; at any rate, they have been
interrupted in Kentucky. Our State was in-
vaded. and throe fourths of it at one time was
occupied by the rebel armies. Our Governor
and Legislature and all the officers of our <rov-
ernment were driven from Frankfort, the seat
of government, and compelled to take refuge
in Louisville, under thepiotecting wing of Gen-
eral BneH s army. With a view to meet this
eac-e. i proposed ihat this measure should have
no application to States where the coaits were
now open and where the laws could be executed
by the civil courts as those laws have been en-
acted, and the domineering majority here, for
its own bold and revolutionary purposes, to a
man voted down that just proposition. Here
is the State of Kentucky, in which there has
beer, this interruption of the civil courts; and
the Senator from Illinois well knows it. He
does not propose that this bill shall operate
in the States where that interruption has been
made and where it continues. He will not al-
low that it shall be restricted to the States in
which the interruption now exists. lie will not
allow, and his friends, the united majority here,
will not allow that the operations of this bill
shall be inhibited from the State of Kentucky
where the courts are now open and the laws
maybe enforced according to the Constitution.
The honorable Senator knew the full force of
these words; he knew that the design of this
bill, framed as it was by his great legal acumen
and ability and his comprehensive sweep of
mind, was to entrap Delaware and Kentucky.
Mr. President. I say that this is a flagrantly un-
constitutional in\eslment of power. The Sen-
ator from Illinois deliberately concedes that this
bill invests the Frccdmen's Bureau with judicial
powers. He could not deny it, because that
language is embraced in it plainly, explicitly,
and unmistakably. Judicial power is invested
in this bureau by this bill, and this bureau may
be composed, to such an extent as the President
shall choose, of Army otlieers. of officers not
in the civil service, who, when so appointed,
are to hold their places at his will, who are
not a part of the judicial department of the Gov-
ernment. but an appendage to the executive
d( partment of the Government. This bill pro-
vides that such officers may be assigned to the
performance of these judicial powers. If the
Senate will excuse me, I will read from a book
that has almost become obsolete, especially in
the Senate of the ("nited States—the Constitu-
tion of j he I'nited States;
"The iudi"ial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supieme Comi.aud in su'h inferior
courts as the Congress m.ty lnon tim   to time ordain
and establish. The judges, both ol the •supreme and
interior courts, shall hold their olheesdni inu: i?ood be-
havior, and shall, at stated times, ncuve for their
ser\ ices a compensation, which shall not be diminished
durin? their continuance in othee.
" The judicial power shall ex t end to all eases, in law
and canity, su ismer under this Con-tit ution, the laws
ot the United Stal c*, audtrenties made, or which shall
be made, under their authority," Ac.
II ere is the judicial power of our G overnment
as if is organized m the Constitution. That
judicial [tower is \ c.^led by the letter of this Con-
stitution, and where isit\ested? It is vested
in the Supreme Court and in such inferior courts
as Con£r("-s may from time to time establish,
it- is not vested by the Con.aimtion in a military
bureau , it is not vested in an executi vo bureau ;
it. is not vested in the Purulent of the United
States, much less in any of his subordinate oili-
cers. Tln^ hill ilagramlv. palpably, in direct and
open conflict \\ it h the CoiM iiui ion. proposes to
divest the court s of the I'niled Stated of a por-
11on of the judicial po\u r which, b\ the letter of
tin* Constitution, is ve-ted wholly in them, and
to vest it in this negro bin eau. and then provides
that tin- iu\;o'o bureau may be constituted and
organi/ed of military officers, in this connec-
tion, in relation to what is the judicial power,
1 will read an extract from the opinions of Chief
Justice Marshall in tiieca^of Wot. on and others
en. The City Council of Charleston, to be found
in 2 Peters. Ibo ;
" hi tins case"—
says the learned jud<re—I will not call him
4* learned." It is superfluous to attach any
phrase to the name of Mar-hall for the purpose
of exalting his eminent judicial learning. All
that is necessary i^ to pronounce his name—
" In this ease the city ordinance (if Charleston Mho
exeicwj of an 'authority under the State of South
Ciro'ma.' 4 the validil\ of vrandi lias been diawn iu
question on the ei ound of its hcin^,' repugn tut to the
Constitution,' and 'the decision is in favoi ot it?
va tidily.' The uue-tiou, thei <-iore, whit, h \\\r- decided
bv the constitutional uauc is the very question on
v.huh the revi-int? power of tin-- tnbim d is to be
exoicised, and the only inouny is, whether it has been
decided in a ea^e described iu the section which
authorize- the writ of error that has been awarded.
Is a writ of prohibition a suit?"
1 wanted so to amend this bill that the^eiti-
zen, the State judge, the Federal judge of the
