I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
pose the cost, the prime cost, of producing
whisky is about twenty-five cents a gallon,
and when you put a duty of two dollars on that
the profit on every gallon a man can sell in
evasion of the law becomes immense. If we
get the duty so high as to lead men to see that
such enormous profits can be made we shall
render it certain that this illicit distillation will
be largely resorted to. This has been expe-
rienced everywhere. There is but one way to
prevent it, and that is by the enactment of
severe and rigid laws. We must have one of
two things: either the tax shall be so low as
not to tempt men to go into illicit distillation,
or the law must be so severe that they will not
do it.
Since the original internal tax law was en-
acted, we have made various experiments in
the tax on whisky. I believe it began at twenty
cents a gallon, then rose to sixty, then to $1 50,
and then to two dollars. I do notknowwhethcr
any one of these taxes continued long enough to
enable us to arrive at any general inference as
to the rate that would yield the largest returns.
It is certain that the present tax of two dollars
is promoting illicit distillation to a degree
which threatens the collection of any revenue
whatever on whisky. In one single collection
district in the city of New York, where two
years ago there was not a single distillery, there
are now thirty illicit distillers in cellars and
out-of-the-way places, each making whisky,
from one to five gallons a day, on which, of
course, they pay 110 duty and make an enor-
mous profit. I understand that in one district
of Virginia, in the neighborhood of Richmond,
where there were no distilleries two years since,
there are now three hundred making whisky
in evasion of the law. And in the State of
Georgia, where there were but few a short time
ago, there are now fifteen hundred.
How is this to be remedied? It can only be
done by making the law so stringent that it
will not be evaded. That is almost impossible
in this country. The English Government has
succeeded by looking into the detail of every
man's business, by having an inspector in every
man's distillery. In our country the facilities
for evasion are so great that it is impossible to
provide those remedies. I do not know what
particular remedy the committee has recom-
mended, but I cannot think of any likely to be
more effective than a very heavy license tax and
a very severe punishment for evading the law.
If none are allowed to distill except those who
pay a heavy license, all who evade or defy the
law may bo subjected to severe punishment.
Large distilleries are willing to pay a license
as large as may be demanded, provided they
can be protected against illicit distillation.
But how many of these same large distilleries
which pay the taxes on their products have
been forced to suspend. They cannot pay the
tax of two dollars a gallon and carry on their
business in competition with illicit distilleries
all over the country, which make and sell their
whisky and pay no tax whatever. This House
has to choose, after deliberation, between these
two things: either to reduce the tax on whisky
so as to destroy this enormous temptation to
illicit distillation, or to enact laws so stringent
as to prevent the evasion of the law and the
entire destruction of those who pay the tax.
I believe the manufacture of whisky is not
less than from forty to fifty million gallons a
year. Last year it reached the enormous
amount of eighty million gallons, as the chair-
man of the committee has just stated. But
forty millions may probably be regarded as the
minimum production of the country. At two
dollars this would yield $80,000,000, and at
one dollar it would yield $>40,000,000; but cer-
tainly, as the law is now enforced, it is not
likely to yield even half of that amount. This
matter should demand careful attention, and
1 trust the House will act upon it with due and
sole regard to the interest of the revenue.
The commissioners of revenue are of opinion,
I believe, that one dollar per gallon will actu-
ally yield more revenue than the proposed tax
of two dollars, until or unless the proposed
tax of two dollars is better enforced and more
rigorously collected.
I have dwelt longer on that point than I
intended. Tobacco is another article which
demands careful attention, and it is one of the
superfluities which can be heavily taxed.
But the next principle I desire to refer to,
and I think it will be the last, is this: that
taxes should be imposed upon as few articles
as possible. A tax is a blow at best. It is a
hurt, an injury inflicted upon somebody by the
Government. It must fall somewhere, and
wherever it falls it will create complaint and
produce injury. It is therefore evident that
it should fall upon as few as possible. The
expense, moreover, of collecting the revenue
depends far more on the number of articles
taxed than upon the amount of the aggregate
collection. Our present tax law imposes duties
upon a great variety of employments which
scarcely pay the expenses of collection. Take
all the small trades, the tailor, the shoemaker,
the milliner, the dress-maker, all the small
traders of that sort, and you will find that the
amount of tax imposed upon them scarcely
pays the expense of collection.
In a note to one of the pages of the report
of the commissioners of revenue is inserted an
extract from the books of on€ of the tax col-
lectors in the city of New York, from which it
appears that there are many milliners, dress-
makers, manufacturers of cloaks, &c., whose
monthly taxes amount to $1 04, another to
$1 20, in another to $1 68, in another to $1 75,
and in another to only forty-two cents, &c. I
need not say that this scarcely pays omnibus fare
to collect.(5iese taxes. All these and all like
them should be, it seems to me, dismissed from
the tax bill at once.
So I think in regard to all manufactures of
articles of indispensable necessity for the great
mass of the community. Clothing has been
ftaxed five per cent, during the past year, and
the chairman of the committee reports this
year a reduction to one per cent. Now, one
per cent, will simply vex the producers and
yield very little revenue. Clothing is an article
of universal use; it is consumed by all classes.
But any' considerable tax upon it must operate
unequally, because the poor man or the man
in ijiiddle life wears just about as much clothing
as the rich man, and has to pay substantially
the same amount of tax.
It seems to me, therefore, that we could
relieve the great mass of the community from
that tax without interfering materially with the
revenue. Last year it yielded something like
six million dollars. This year it would no
doubt yield much more at the same rate. But
at one per cent, it will yield but little. And if
no one else does so, I shall submit, at the proper
time, an amendment to tie bill to strike out
clothing from the list of taxable articles alto-
gether. So, I think, taxes upon paper, upon
type, upon books, and upon newspapers as
taxes upon knowledge, and taxes upon adver-
tisements as checking free interchange of com-
munication on business matters, and taxes upon
insurance and savings as tending to discourage
prudence and forethought; and all other taxes,
of which these are samples, should be swept
away as speedily as possible.
The effect of our present system of imposing
taxes upon every articlc that is manufactured,
and upon every part of such article, is very
important in increasing prices by duplicating
taxation. I will not dwell upon this branch
of the subject, which you will find discussed
clearly and fully in the report of the revenue
commissioners to which I have referred.
They cite the instance of an umbrella as an
illustration. Formerly an umbrella was made
at a single manufactory. Now it is made by
putting together the various parts, each made
by a different process and each paying a sepa-
rate tax. The stick of wood is one article,
part domestic and part foreign, the foreign
article being already taxed. Then the wire
comes from another establishment; the handle
of bone, ivory, or horn, then the brass tube, then
the elastic band of rubber;, then the silk tassel,
then the button and the cap—each of these
may come from a different manufactory and is
subject to a separate tax; and when they are '
all brought together and made into air umbrella-
then they are taxed again.
More than that, the manufacturer of each
one of the various items composing .the whole
avails himself of the fact that the article is
taxed to add to the price of that which he sup-
plies, and not only to the amount of the tax,
but so as to give him a little additional profit.
He takes advantage of the tax to increase his
profit. It is so in every department of busi-
ness. You find that the price of everything is
raised, and raised beyond the amount of the
tax imposed upon it. They manage the mat-
ter pretty much as the owners of the city rail-
road cars did when they, were authorized to
add to their faro the amount of the tax. The
amount of the tax was one fifth of one cent,
and they added one cent. And it is so in all
departments of business. It is in human' na-
ture, and we cannot by any act we can pass
here expel human nature from the masses of
our people.
Now, apply this rule to all the predicts of
manufacturing industry. Consider that, on all-
these processes this duplication is going on,
and that each man adds something in addition
to the tax to his part, and you will see a much
more potent reason for the enormous prices
that obtain to-day for everything than is to be
found in the high price of gold. Why did not the
price of everything fall when gold fell from 280
to 130? Simply because the price of gold and
the inflation of the currency had comparatively
little to do with the exaggerated prices at which
all articles were held, not nearly as much as
the fact of the duplication of taxes, and the
exaggeration of profits which followed upon it.
Now, by abolishing all these taxes on manu-
factured articles the tendency would be to cor-
rect this most serious evil. When England
began her system of internal taxation, the list
of taxed articles was enormous,- everything she
had was taxed, and taxed roundly 5 but grad-
ually, year by year, she has gone on reducing
the number of articles on which internal taxes
are imposed.
Her internal revenue now amounts to
$101,000,000. It is drawn from three great
sources: excises, stamp duties, and assessed
taxes. The excises amount to $97,000,000,
and of that sum more than ninety millions are
raised from three articles, and there are but
nine articles embraced in her whole list of
excise duties. So, too, of her stamp duties.
Iler assessed taxes amount only to $10,000,000
a year in all, and of these one half are raised
from two items—inhabited houses^ and car-
riages. This shows that a reduction of the
number of articles taxed is quite consistent with
an increased aggregate amount of taxation,
provided the distribution is properly made.
By nursing the great sources of internal reve-
nue, by imposing taxes only where they can be
easily borne, by putting them on superfluities,
by not taxing processes, but income, we should
obtain the means, gradually, of reducing more
and more the number of articles upon our list
for taxation.
Now, sir, I do not go into any examination
of other items of this bill. These are the main
principles which I think it would be well for us
to bear in mind.
But, after all, nearly everything will depend
upon the administration of the law. There is
no department of law in which administration,
execution, rigid execution, careful execution,
honest execution, is so important as it is in
connection with our internal revenue. If it is
honest, vigilant, and correct, revenue can easily
be collected so as to yield large returns. Ifit
be lax, negligent, and still worse, if it be cor-
rupt, there is no end to the losses which the
Government will sustain. With a rigid system
of collection, which involves the necessity of
employing capable men .at remunerative prices,
