1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
& Co., praying for an increase of thirty per
cent, on the duties on tubes and lenses imported
for cameras.
REPORTS 01 COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Rebecca
S. Minor, praying for compensation for prop-
erty taken and used by the United States Army
in the years 1863 and 1864, in Natchez, Missis-
sippi, reported adversely thereon, and that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw her petition
and other papers. The report was ordered to
be printed, and leave was granted to withdraw
the papers.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Ephraim
Hunt, praying for compensation for his ser-
vices as a soldier in the late war with Great
Britain, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
the executors of the estate of the late Colonel
D. I). Tompkins, praying that the accounting
officers of the Treasury may be authorized to
audit and settle bis accounts upon principles
of equity and justice, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
SOLMJSIIS' ASTLUSI.
Mr. WILSON". I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the amendment of the House
of Itepresentatives to the bill (S. No. 54) to
amend an act entitled "An act to incorporate
a national military and naval asylum for the
relief of the totally disabled officers and men
of the volunteer forces of the United States,"
to report it back to the Senate with a recom-
mendation that the Senate concur in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives. If there
he no objection, I should like to have it acted
upon now.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that the first
three sections of the proposed amendment
differ from the first three sections of the Sen-
ate bill. The other sections are similar to the
remaining sections of the Senate bill, and I
suggest that it is not necessary to read them
in order to have an understanding of the House
proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
three sections only of the amendment will be
read unless some Senator desires the other
sections to be read.
The Secretary read, as follows :
Ix the House of Represent 4tives,
March 13,18(50.
Ttfolrpfl, That the bill from the Senate (No. 54)
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An actto
incorporate a national militaiy and naval asylum for
the ieiiof of the totally disabled officers and men of
the volunteer forces of the United States,' " do pass
with the following amendment:
Sti ike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the followine::
That the Pi evident of the United States, Secretary
of War. Chief Justice of the United States, and such
other persons as from time to time may hereafter be
associated with them, according to the provisions of
this net, are hereby constituted and established a
board ol managers of an establishment for the eare
and relief of the disabled volunteers of the United
States Army to bo known by the name and style of
" The National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers,'* and have perpetual succession, with powers
to take, hold, and convey real and personal property,
establish a common seal and to sue and be sued m
courts of law and equity; and to make by-laws, rules,
and regulations for carrying on the business and gov-
ernment of the asylum, and affix penalties thereto :
Provided, That such by-laws, rules, and regulations
arc not inconsistent with the laws of the United
States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the business
of said asylum shall be managed by a board of twelve
managers, who shall elect from their own number a
president, who shall be the chief executive officer of
the board, two vice presidents, and a secretary; and
seven of the board, of whom the president or one of
the vice, presidents shall be one, shall form a quorum
for the transaction of business at any meeting of the
Sue. 3. A nil br it further evaded. That the hoard of
managers shall be composed of the President and
Secretary of War and Chief Justice of the Unit-1
States, , daring their terms of office, together
with mne other citizens ofthe United States, not mem-
bers of Congress, no two of whom shall be residents
of the same State, but who shall all be residents of
States which furnished organized bodies of soldiers
to aid in the late war for the suppression of the re-
bellion, (no person being ever eligible who gave aid
or countenance to the rebellion,) to be selected by
joint resolution of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives immediately after the passage of this act.
The term of office shall be for six years, and until
others are appointed in their places, after the first
selection, which shall be three for six years, three for
four years, and three for two years, to be determined
by the order in which they shall be named in the res-
olution. New elections shall be made by joint res-
olution of Congress, and vacancies by death, resigna-
tion, or othe-wise, to be filled in like manner. No
member of the board of managers shall receive com-
pensation as such member; but his traveling and
other actual expenses while upon the business of the
asylum maybe paid. But any member of the board
having other duties connected with tho asylum may
receive a reasonable compensation therefor, to bede-
terminedby the board.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. That com-
pletes the three sections of the House amend-
ment stated by the Senator from Massachu-
setts to differ somewhat from the throe sections
in the Senate bill. The residue of the amend-
ment of the House is the same as the Senate
bill, but will be read if any Senator demands it.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs whether, as the bill will stand if the Sen-
ate adopt the amendment of the House, the
law passed at the last Congress upon this same
subject will be repealed by its provisions.
Mr. WILSON. I thfhk it is so. It was in-
tended to repeal that act, and substitute an-
other. I think you will find the last section
repeals it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ment made to this bill by the House of Repre-
sentatives?
The amendment was concurred in.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I find it necessary, I
believe for the first time since T have, been a
member of the Senate, to ask leave to make a
personal explanation. I find in the National
Intelligencer of March 17, 18GG, a communi-
cation from Mr. William A. Graham, whose
credentials as a Senator from the State of North
Carolina have been laid upon the table. He
prints, and makes a part of his communication,
a letter written by him to me, and my reply to
it, and the rejoinder on his part. The Senate
will recollect that a Jew days since the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
brought the matter to the consideration of the
Senate, and made some pretty sweeping charges
against the committee of fifteen of unfairness
in their proceedings. The honorable Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] made an explanation
of the course that was taken in his bran ch of
the committee, to whom was referred all mat-
ters relating to the State of Tennessee. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johns ox] also
certified to the course that had been taken by
the committee; and I stated that, so far as I
knew and believed, there -had been no applica-
tion to the committee or any of tho snb-com-
mittces on the part of representatives from the
States in question which had not been granted;
that but one application had been made to me,
and that was by a letter of a gentleman whose
credentials had been presented as a Senator,
and that 1 replied to him, staling that ho could
int roduee testimony. 1 did not pretend to give
the language that was in tho letter because I
kept no copy of it, and it was not before me.
I staled the general idea that I had in my mind
as to the substance of my reply, which was that
the committee was ready to receive testimony
when offered to any reasonable extent. The
letters are published, and Mr. Graham states
that he publishes the correspondence and his
communication in consequence ot the debate
that took place in the Senate. The letter which
he wrote me made two requests, or might be
considered as a request with two branches.
One was that those claiming to represent these
Slates might be allowed to be present, and
cross-examine all w ilnesses who were produced,
: and also that they might be allowed to introduce
[ testimony themselves on the subject. The let-
ter 7/hich Iwrote in reply to both points is very
short, and I will read -it:
" 'VVASHiireTON, Jamuxru 2i, 1866;
"Dbak Sib: It is not customary to allow a eross-
cxnmination of witnesses before a committee ap-
pointed to report on a subject not involving individ-
uals. The committee is supposed to be desirous -to
ascertain the truth, and capable of making ali tho
examination necessary ,_
"The committee is quite willing,however, to exam-
ine any witnesses who may he produced, having a
knowledge of the subject-matter, to anyreasonable
extent."
I think that bears me out in the statement
that I made, which, in fact, he does not under-
take to dispute, that I answered' him that he
would be allowed to introduce testimony. Then
I stated in addition:
"The credentials of gentlemen claiming tobe Sen-
ators have not been referred to this committee, and
there is no probability that they will be."
I added that to dispose of what seemed, from
his letter, to be an impression on his mind that
the whole question of their right to seats, in-
volving credentials, &c., was before our com-
mittee, which it was not. Before writing this
letter, in the morning, at a meeting of the com-
mittee, having had no sort of experience myself
on committees of this kind, I stated the fact
that I had received the letter, and inquired as
to what the practice was. It was stated to me,
by whom I do not know, and generally con-
ceded, that it was not the practice where a
committee of investigation was appointed not
involving individuals, on a general subject, to
allow persons to be present to make cross-
examinations of witnesses; but that there was
no objection whatever to Mr. Graham or any-
body else introducing such testimony as he saw-
fit to introduce. Those ideas I communicated
to him. The language of my answer is not
precisely the same as that which I stated here.
I stated it in the ordinary course of debate,
without particularly attending to the words,
but the idea is precisely the same, and that is
that he would be permitted to introduce testi-
mony if he saw fit. To that there was a reply
in which the matter was again urged some-
what. It is not necessary that I should read it,
but his idea seemed to be that the committee
should furnish him and all other gentlemen
who are claimants for seats here notice of the
points on which evidence is desired, or preju-
dicial testimony which it is necessary to meet,
in order that they might come and meet it or
produce testimony on the other side. To that
letter I made no reply, for I considered the
matter settled, and I was not disposed to con-
tinue the correspondence.
Now, sir, I have only to say that Mr. Gra-
ham seems to be laboring under a misappre-
hension with regard to the matter. In the first
place, his idea of what a committee of investi-
gation upon a general subject is to do is not
my idea, or the idea of the committee. I re-
peat what I stated in my letter, that a commit-
tee of investigation is rather a judicial office
than otherwise. I did not consider myself,
when I went to that committee, as being placed
in an adversary position to these States, or to
any individual who had been selected as a Sen-
ator or Representative from any of these States.
I considered—and that was the view of the com-
mittee, and I suppose it is the common view,
from what I can learn—that the position was
rather judicial; that we were to investigate
fairly and thoroughly, to our satisfaction, the
whole subject, and from our appointment I
supposed the Senate and House of Represent-
atives were willfhg to trust the matter in our
bands. The idea that we should consider our-
selves in an adversary light as accusers of these
States, and notify somebody from those States
of the points we expected to make against
them, and have counsel on the other siae to
cross-examine witnesses, and have a judicial
trial, seemed to me to be very much out ofthe
ordinary course, one that would prolong the
proceedings, and give to them a character which
they ought not to be considered as bearing. In
that point of view I concurred with the advice
that, 1 had received, aucl that was, that it was
not customary to have a cross-examination of
