APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
MESSAGE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow- Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
To express gratitude to God, in the name of
the people, for the preservation of the United
States, is my first duty in addressing you. Our
thoughts next revert to the death of the late
President by an act of parricidal treason. The
grief of the nation is still fresh; it finds some
solace in the consideration that he lived to enjoy
the highest proof of its confidence by entering
on the renewed term of the Chief Magistracy
to which he had been elected; that he brought
the civil war substantially to a close; that his
loss was deplored in all parts of the Union;
and that foreign nations have rendered justice
to his memory. His removal cast upon me a
heavier weight of cares than ever devolved upon
any one of his predecessors. To fulfill my trust,
I need thesupport and confidence of all who arc
associated with me in the various departments
of Government, and the support and confidence
of the people. There is but one way in which
I can hope to gain their necessary aid; it is, to
state with frankness the principles which guide
my conduct, and their application to the present
state of affairs, well aware that the efficiency of
my labors will, in a great measure, depend on
your and their undivided approbation.
The Union of the United States of America
was intended by its authors to last as long as
the States themselves shall last. "The Union
shall be perpetCal" are the words of the
Confederation. "To form a more perfect
Union," by an ordinance of the people of the
United States, is the declared purpose of the
Constitution. The hand of divine Providence
was never more plainly visible in the affairs of
men than in the framing and the adopting of
that instrument. It is, beyond comparison,
the greatest event in American history; and
indeed is it not, of all events in modern times,
the most pregnant with consequences for every
people of the earth ? The members of the Con-
vention which prepared it, brought lo their work
the experience of the Confederation, of their
several States, and of other republican Gov-
ernments, old and new; but they needed and
they obtained a wisdom superior to experience.
And when for its validity it required the ap-
proval of a people that occupied a large part
of a continent and acted separately in many
distinct conventions, what is more wonderful
than that, after earnest contention and long
discussion, all feelings and all opinions were
ultimately drawn in one way to its support?
The Constitution to which life was thus im-
parted contains within itself ample resources
"or its own preservation. It has power to en-
force the laws, punish treason, and insure
39th Cong. 1st Sess—No 1.
fc
domestic tranquillity. In case of the usurpa-
tion of the government of a State by one man,
or an oligarchy, it becomes a duty of the Uni-
ted States to make good the guarantee to that
State of a republican form of government, and
so to maintain the homogeneousness of all.
Does the lapse of time reveal defects ? A sim-
ple mode of amendment is provided in the
Constitution itself, so that its conditions can
always be made to conform to the requirements
of advancing civilization. No room is allowed
even for the thought of a possibility of its
coming to an end. And these powers of self-
preservation have always been asserted in their
complete integrity by every patriotic Chief
Magistrate—by Jefferson and Jackson, not less
than by Washington and Madison. The part-
ing advice of the Father of his Country, while
yet President, to the people of the U nited States,
was, that "the free Constitution, whicli was
the work of their hands, might be sacredly
maintained;" and the inaugural words of
President Jefferson held up "the preservation
ofthe General Government, in its constitutional
vigor, as the sheet anchor of our peace athome
and safety abroad." The Constitution is the
work of "the people of the United States,"
and it should be as indestructible as the people.
It is not strange that the framers of the Con-
stitution, which had no model in the past, should
not have fully comprehended the excellence of
their own work. Fresh from a struggle against
arbitrary power, many patriots suflered from
harassing fears of an absorption of the State gov-
ernments by the General Government, and many
from a dread that the States would break away
from their orbits. But the very greatness of
our country should allay the apprehension of
encroachments by the General Government.
The subjects that come unquestionably within
its jurisdiction are so numerous, that it must
ever naturally refuse to be embarrassed by ques-
tions that lie beyond it. ere it otherwise,
the Executive would sink beneath the burden:
the channels of justice would be choked ; legis-
lation would be obstructed by excess; so that
there is a greater temptation to exercise some
of the functions of the General Government
through the States than to trespass oil their right-
ful sphere. '' The absolute acquiescence in tb e
decisions of the majority'' was, at the begin-
ning of the century, enforced by Jefferson "as
the vital principle of republics," and the events
of the last four years have established, we will
hope forever, that there lies no appeal to force.
The maintenance of the Union brings with
it "the support of the State governments in all
their rights;" but it is not one of the rights of
any State government to renounce its own
place in the Union, or to nullify the laws of
the Union. The largest liberty is to be main-
tained in the discussion of the acts of the Fed-
eral Government; but there is no appeal from
its laws, except to the various branches of that
Government itself, or to the people, who grant
to the members of the legislative and of the ex-
ecutive departments no tenure but a limited
one, and in that manner always retain the
powers of redress.
'' The sovereignty of the States'' is the lan-
guage of the Confederacy, and not the language
of the Constitution. The latter contains the
emphatic words, "The Constitution, and the
laws of the United States which shall be made
in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made or
which shall be made under the authority of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the
land; and the judges in every State shall be
bound thereby, anything in the constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. "
Certainly the Government of the United States
is a limited Government; and so is every State
government a limited government. With us,
this idea of limitation spreads through every
form of administration, general, State, and mu-
nicipal, and rests on the great distinguishing
principle of the recognition of the rights of man.
The ancient republics absorbed the individual
in the State, prescribed his religion, and con-
trolled his activity. The American system rests
on the assertion of the equal right of every man
to life, liberty, and the pursuit, of happiness; to
freedom of conscience, to the culture and ex-
ercise of all his faculties. As a consequence,
the State government is limited, as to the Gen-
eral Government in the interests of union, as
to the individual citizen m the interest of free-
dom.
States, with proper limitations of power, are
essential to the existence of the Constitution of
the United States. At the very commencement,
when we assumed a place among the Powers of
tho oai-th, the Declaration of Independence was
adopted by States ; so also were the Article? of
Confederation ; and when "the people of the
United States" ordained and established the
Constitution, it was the assent of the States, one
by one, which gave it vitality. In the event,
too. of any amendment to the Constitution, the
proposition of Congress needs the confirmation
of States. Without States, one great branch of
the legislative government would be wanting.
And, if we look beyond the letter of the Con-
stitution to the character of our country, its ca-
pacity for comprehending within its jurisdiction
a vast continental empire is due to the system
of States. The best security for the perpetual
existence of the States is the "supreme author-
ity" of the Constitution of the United States.
The perpetuity of the Constitution brings with
it the perpetuity of the States; their mutual re-
lation makes us what we are. and in our pohti-
cal system their connection, is indissoluble. lh(*
whole cannot exist without, the parts, nor the
parts without the whole. So long as the Con-
stitution of the United States endures, the States
will endure ; the destruction of tho one is the
