3402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
must be taken care of or our people will have
110 public lands in twelve or twenty years to
come.
Mr. DONNELLY. I sustained in the Com-
mittee on Public Lands the proposition of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Ivassox,] not upon
its intrinsic merits, but because I believed the
Representatives from Iowa should be allowed
to determine whether the settlements in and
condition of their State demanded such legis-
lation as they proposed. But 1 do not think
it is demanded in Minnesota. On the contraiy,
the amount of land granted to the State of
Minnesota is not so great as the gentleman has
stated. I believe the statistics will show that
those grants do not comprise one sixth of all
the lauds in that State. But the State of Iowa
is in a different position. The State is older
and longer settled than Minnesota, while the
railroads therein have been more tardy in their
construction, and public complaints have arisen
in many parts of the State. Such is not the case
in Minnesota. Everyroadto whichlandhasbeen
granted is progressing as rapidly as the people
can reasonably expect. While I am prepared,
therefore, to follow the Iowa delegation in all
purely local questions, I ask that the same court-
esy be extended the delegation from Minnesota.
All 1 ask of the House at the present time is,
that this bill, which does not give an additional
foot of land or appropriate a dollar in money,
but is simply a bill of details for the conven-
ience of the railroads, and at the same time for
the protection of the settlers, may be passed.
It has already passed the Senate, and it has
been examined and approved by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands of the House. I am not
now opposing the principle which the gentle-
man urges—it is not necessary to do so—but I
do not think this is the occasion to apply it.
I now call 1 he previous question upon the amend-
ments of the Committee on Public Lands.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands were agreed t.o.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. DONNELLY called the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUSTIJIf TO COLOUKD SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to what T suppose
to be a privileged question. A bill passed the
Senate several weeks ago and came to the House
and was passed here with amendments. A very
serious error, either in the copying or in some
other way, has occurred in the text by which it
defeats its own purpose. I desire, therefore, the
permission of the House to introduce at once
a joint resolution amendatory of that act which
will correct that error. I would like to have
the matter settled to-day because it is keeping
a large number of soldiers from receiving their
bounty, many of whom have been waiting here
for a long time.
I will state briefly what is the error I desire
to have corrected. Under the existing law,
the law antecedent to the enactment to which
I now refer, the negroes who were enlisted were
paid bounty or not, according as it might ap-
pear that they were free or not on the 19th of
April, 1SG1, the commencement of the war.
A great many applications having been made
on the part of colored soldiers or their repre-
sentatives for bounty, a difficulty arose in re-
gard to the evidence. On some of the muster-
rolls of companies and regiments the entry
was made "free" or "not free on the 19thof
April, 1801," as the fact might be. But upon
most of the muster-rolls there was no entry
whatever. The consequcnce of this has been
that hundreds of these men have been kept
waiting, and are yet waiting, to receive the
$100 bounty to which they are entitled under
the act, if the proof eould be furnished upon
the question of their freedom. To remedy this
difficulty the Senate passed a bill providing
that other testimony might be admitted upon
the question of freedom at that date. The bill,
coming to this House, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and by that com-
mittee reported back with an amendment pro-
viding that where nothing appeared upon the
muster-roll to show whether the claimant was
free or not, the presumption should always be
in favor of freedom. That amendment added
by the House was in these words:
" But where nothing appears on the muster-roll or
of record to show that a colored soldierwasnotafree
man at the date aforesaid, under the provisions of the
fourth section of the act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending 30th
June, 1865, the presumption shall be that the person
was free at the time of his enlistment,"
The words'1 at the time of his enlistment'' de-
feat the operation of the first part of the amend-
ment. The question of freedom does not relate
to the time of enlistment; it relates to the 19th
of April, 1861. By the addition of those words,
"at the time of his enlistment," which were
inserted through some mistake in copying the
bill, the whole provision is made an absurdity.
The bill thus amended went back to the Sen-
ate. where the amendment was agreed to at
once, and the bill became a law, being approved
by the President on the 15th of the present
month. The accounting officers now find diffi-
culty in interpreting this law, by reason of those
words, " *^t the time of his enlistment," which
contradict and defeat the previous provision of
the bill.
These being the facts of the case, I propose
to introduce a joint resolution to amend that
resolution, providing—
That tho words "at the time of his enlistment,"
at the end ot section ono of the resolution respect-
ing bounties to coloicd soldiers, and the pensions,
bounties, and allowances to their heirs, approved
June 15, lStio, be, and the same aro hereby, stricken
out.
But, Mr. Speaker, while we have the subject
before the House, I wish to go a little further,
and amend the resolution, not only by the cor-
rection of that mistake, but by adding some
other clauses further amendatory of it. This
bounty to be paid to colored troops will of
course conic out of the payment to any one
under the law for the equalization of bounties,
if the bill which has already been passed by
this House, and is now pending in tho Senate,
should become a law; but in the mean time a
large sum, in tho shape of bounty, will be paid to
such of these colored troops, their widows and
heirs, as may successfully establish their claims
undpr the resolution which we passed the other
day. In view of this fact, I find it stated in
one of the public papers that—■
"The claim agents aro preparing for tho golden har-
vest. Ono of the principal firms here is expecting
to realize a fortune by collecting claims under the
bill. About half the estimated amount, unless the
negroes arc very careful, will go into tho pockets of
these sharpers."
This is from the telegraphic correspondence
of the Cincinnati Gazette. I have reason to
know, from other sources of information, that,
inasmuch as none of the guards against the
impositions and extortions of claim agents will
apply to this joint resolution which has been
passed, a very large profit is expected by the
claim agents, who intend to share with the
negroes in their demands upon the Treasury
for bounty.
In the bill which we passed the other day, to
equalize the bounties of the soldiers, there were
incorporated some five or six sections, prepared
with great care for the purpose of avoiding the
possibility of the soldiers being cheated by these
claim agents. Now, sir, I am glad this error
has occurred in the joint resolution authoriz-
ing the payment of bounties due to colored
troops, because in offering amendment to cor-
rect that error I can add similar sections to
those we have ingrafted into the general bill
for the*equalization of bounties of all soldiers;
and I propose, therefore, wjth the permission
of the House, to offer this joint resolution, con-
sisting first of the correction of an error in the
joint resolution passed on the loth of this
month, and next of additional sections taken
from the bill for the equalization of bounties,
so that the same care shall be taken to guard
the interests of these colored men, more likely
to be imposed upon even than white men, just
as we propose to guard the interests of all sol-
diers, if that bill for the equalization of bounties
becomes a law.
I ask leave of the House to offer that amend-
atory joint resolution.
There was no objection, and joint resolu-
tion amendatory of a joint resolution entitled
"A resolution respecting bounties to colored
soldiers, and pensions, bounties, and allow-
ances to their heirs," approved June 15,1.80(5,
was received and read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was then read in extenso.
Mr. McKEE. I would like to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. McKEE. I want to know in reference
to the decision of the question of the freedom
or slavery at the time of those who enlisted in
colored regiments.
Mr. SCHENCK. The question of their free-
dom or slavery is determined at the date of
19th of April, 18G1. "At the time of enlist-
ment" is a blunder.
Mr. McKEE. 1 understand there is a pro-
vision in these enlistments of slaves that a
bounty of $100 is paid to the masters.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is so.
Mr. McKEE. That, then, remains the same
as it was.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir, leaving the con-
struction as before. The whole effect of this
is to enable proof to be furnished, and in the
absence of proof, leaving the presumption of
the freedom of the colored man.
Mr. DAVIS. If it be shown that the mas-
ter received a bounty of $100 for the colored
man who enlisted, is that to be taken as proof
that he was a slave and not a freeman ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is a matter for con-
struction and legal decision. I do not say
some things like that will not occur, but the
gentleman is going back to the merits of the
bill which has been passed. This is to cor-
rect a blunder which occurred through inad-
vertence.
Mr. McKEE. I have an amendment which
I would like to offer.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear what the amend-
ment is.
The Clerk read as follows:
That all soldiers who enlisted in tho Army of tho
United States during the reccnt rebellion shall be
entitled to the bounties provided by law for white
troops. These bounties fehall be paid to colored
troops without regard to the fact as to whether they
were free or slave at the time of their enlistment;
and no bounty &hall hereafter be paid to the owner
of any slave at the time of his enlistment.
Mr. BINGHAM. This is simply to enable free
men, in point of fact, who served their coun-
try to get their pay. It merely enables them
to make proof of that fact. I hope the gen-
tleman will not embarrass the joint resolution
at the present time by pressing his amendment.
The fact is tiiat the object of tho gentleman
from Kentucky is already accomplished ; and
I hope lie will not endanger tho joint resolution
at the other end of the Capitol by what looks
like a repeal of the present law on the sub-
ject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think my friend from
Kentucky has not h,-ard the statement I made.
We do not propose to interfere with any exist-
ing law. We do not propose to repudiate any
obligation, if any has been incurred. We pro-
pose to put such construction, or to make such
provision of law on the question of evidence
touching the claim of colored men, as will
enable them to get their bounty.
Now, the difficulty is that the law provided
that if the man were free on the 10th of April,
