'418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
man shall be entitled to all the civil rights and
privileges that a white person is entitled to.
Now let me give yon an example. It lias been
madeaerime in Kentucky—and 1 hope it always
will be; it shall never cease to be with my con-
sent. at-least—for any negro to intermarry with
a white person. Ifcis madeapenal oftensefor onr
pounty court clerk to issue a license to a negro
to intermarry with a white person. It is made
a penal offense for a preacher of the Gospel to
solemnize the rites of marriage between a negro
and a white person. Suppose that under this
famous bill a negro applies to the county court
clerk of Bourbon county for a marriage license
to intermarry with a white woman, and the clerk
refuses because the law does not permit such
an alliance—it denounces it as a crime, and it
punishes-all persons who assist m the perpetra-
tion of that crime as criminals, penally. He
refuses under the sanction of the laws to grant
the license. "What does the negro do? He
goes and makes complaint to this bureau; this
bureau sends its coiporal's guard -with fixed
bayonets to the clerk's office and commands the
clerk to issue this license against the highest
penal sanctions of our law:, 'i'lie clerk refuses;
what do they do? They imprison him, they
take him into custody, the bureau assumes to
adjudge the cape, to punish him for obedience
to the laws of his own State which he lias sworn
to support and which ho has given bond that
lie will rapport.
This is one of the consequences of this law,
and it will speedily arise in our Slate. It will
give rse to inevitable conflict between the juris-
diction of our Slate officers and courts and the
Prcedmen's Bureau. What docs the clerk do?
He applies to a judge for a writ of prohibition
to prevent this interference by the I'Yoodiuen's
Bureau with his official duties, which he is per-
forming according to the laws of the State; (lie
judge grants the writ of prohibition. What
then takes place? This lYeeilmen's Bureau
^seuds an additional military guard; they seize
upon the judge, thev strip the ermine of justice
with which his shoulders have, been clothed by
as gallant a State as there is in America; and
because he issues a writ of prohibition to pre-
vent this bYecdmen's iini-eau from compelling
one of the ministerial othcers of the State to
violate his oath of otliee and (lis dn(y under the
law, because bo issues his wri! of prohibition Lo
prevent iho bureau from interfering without any
authority of valid law in such a llagrant ease,
they carry that judge (o a prison.
J will give you anot her example. It is there
made a capital offense for a negro to violate
the person of a white woman. Tho gentleman
from Kansas who replied 10 my honorable
colleague (he other day ("Mr. Pomhuoy] may
Cxpeel the day to eome, but ho willne\er live,
and the man is nut now born who will live, to
see the d«j when there will !>e an alteration of
the law of Kentucky in that respect. The -'ame
offense committed b\ a wdiito man is a felonv.
jmnishaMo by confinement in the penitenliarv.
Committed by a negro, if is punishable by deaf h ;
and in some cases the offence is committed
antler eh eumsfunoes of atrocity that a mob
lashed to fury by the enormity of the crime, as
in St. Louis a few years ago, sei?o the crimi-
nal, wrest him from the hands of justice, and
burn, him at the stake. I do not know, and I
do not believe that such an outrage upon the
forms of justice was ever perpetrated in Ken-
tucky ; but, sir, you may pass this measure1, yon
may send your Froedmen's Bureau there hacked
by a standing army : but whenever the case
occurs the people of Kenfucky will punish tin-
black criminal by hanging him, and all the
Fiee&men's Bureaus thai could be created by
Congress will be insufficient to give ium immu-
nity from such a just, punishment.
I could mention a few other eases in onr
penal laws, f could mention many cases in
winch there would be controversies between a
fxv,p iicgio^and a white man involving eonb act.
property rights, in all the \arious forms which
they a-sume in courts of justice, and in which
the white man and the negro are equally by the
Constitution guarantied the right to trial by
jury if the amountin controversy exceeds twenty
dollars; and yet the honorable Senator from
Illinois vaunted so boldly and detiantly yester-
day that the law was constitutional! 1 said,
and I now repeat, that this measure was de-
signed for Kentucky; it was concocted by the
honorable Senator from Illinois with the assist-
ance of the degenerate son of Kentucky who
now occupies the position of Attorney General.
1 have heard of no individual case o*" magnan-
imity, of mercy, of justice, being applied for to
the executive department of the Government
from Kentucky, with two or three exceptions,
where he has not thrown his whole influence,
personal and official, against it. [ have known
of no outrage upon the constitution of Kentucky
or upon the Constitution of the United States :
I have known of no law of Congress since he
has been in otlice : T have known of no admin-
istrative measure of policy that could at ail be
brought to bear upon l\enhiekj\ that was cal-
culated to dishonor, lo degrade, and to outrage
his native State, f hat lias not received the sanc-
tion and the earnest support of this unlineal son
of that noble State. Sir, F cannot express the
depths of my scorn and detestation toward a
Kentuckian who can play such a part. I car.
only excuse it upon the plea that he knoweth
not what he is doing.
Mr. President, 1 have not the bill to which
this is an amendment before me, but it restricts,
by its tonns, the Freedmen's .Bureau to the
States that were in rebellion. By its terms it
exonerates and excludes Kentucky. Some
month ago the Freednmn's Bureau was intro-
duced into Kentucky, as 1 have understood,
with the olhcial and personal sanction of the
Attorney Cenoral, when il was without the
authority of a Jignumt of law; wh"ti it was a
naked and in on > I rous military usurpal ion : when
there was not. oven an unconstitutional and in-
valid law to give it any ^notion or any excuse.
And what was done? I will read what 1 under-
stand to be a creation, in part, of the brain of
the Attorney General:
" A-Cfon^y of the Froedmcn's Bureau for Covington
unci \ K-imly."
This was published some three or four weeks
ago:
" Pursuant to order-; from P revet Maior fieneral (\
R. lo.dvi\ eommi--auner ot the Freedrnen's
Bureaufor fvenf uek\ and tVunrf.-ee,dated Va diviffo,
Tenne^-ee, Dt/otMiibcr IS,*"), (.he under' inned
sume* the office of snpci nit anient of the athuis of the
bureau tor (Jo\ hiccton ami vicinity."
There was no bureau at Co\ingtou, there "was
none inthe Stale hyauthority of law, and where
there was no law it was a plain, naked, flagrant
usurpation, which anybody had a right to resist.
"The piincipal object^ of this lmi eau arc the pro-
motion of product ive industry, 1 he sol t foment of t ho ;e
so lately slaves in hoaic-od their own. with the i?uai -
an tee of Una r ab-oluie treedoni .out ! licit i e.cht.- lo ins-
pire Ik furi' I he law, .is -i-t U>rth in the pro-huaal ion
of the: President and the law-; of Con-re-'-, the di--
gemination of virtuous mi eline-nce, and t o aid m pei -
manonUy e-'labfi.-hni-j: peace and uriny' pio>pei ity
to t Inno who w ere mil if ) il eiy ^ fave-.
tl,f'he i a I if)eat ion of 11m cuim it ui tonal a amendment
fore\ el a Ik) ! i>h * ntc ^la\ ery in the United Stale-"-—
i am not disposed to dispute that proposh
lion—-
"havinp been officially announced to the country by
proclamation of the Soeietaiy of State.dated Decem-
ber IS, ISim, thw bmcau extends it-* supei \ iruon over
persons recently hold a-> .-la\ os in the State of Ken-
tucky. In i he I in tliei di->charj^c of the dudes of thi^
office the following ruler and regulations will b(5 ob-
served
Now. 1 will read the rules ami regulations that
this satrap, thi* military minion of power* dared
to promulge in the State of Kentucky for the
overthrow of its government and its laws:
"1. No fixed rates of wanes will be prescribed by
the superintendent ef a liana here,but no community
or combination of people will bo permitted to iix
raie^."
Thai maybe very wel!; but by what authority,
bv what warrant does he a-sume to make such
a regulation? If it wa* to become necessary
our State Legislature would do it. "J hey are
the judges wliethe.' ir shall be done or not. 1
have seen one hundred <dfr. es and free negroes
paries to suits, and more in my State; I have
been the counsel of fifty myself; and I never
saw a negro, slave or free, in a court in Ken-
tucky that he did not receive the fullest justice
from a court and jury, and never, where he had
a specious case, that he did not enlist the sym-
pathies of the entire court-house, with the "ex-
ception of his adversary and the counsel of his
adversary. But I will read on :
" 2. Parties can make any tiade or agreement that
is satisfactory to themselves and so long as advanto.so
is not, taken of the ignorance of the freed people "to
deprive thevn of a fair and reasonable compensation
for their labor, theie -will be no interference.
"3. Wages will he secured by a lieu on the crops
raised, or by trood sureties, if the employer's circum-
stances are such as to makcitdoubtfui astohisabiiuy
to meet the contract."
Are not these legislative powers? Are they
not legislative powers to govern a State that
maintains the same relations toward the Union
and the General Government that tho State of
Illinois does? By what right does this military
dictator presume to promulge his code of laws
in that State? But I shall read on :
" t. Contracts hereafter iuu°t be in writing: but con-
tracts at present cxiMin^, whether verbal or other-
wise, will not be interfered with, except to compel, if
necessity, both paities to euuipl> in good faith with
agreemenfs"—
Oh, what a chancellor he is to execute specifi-
cally a contract!—
"and to settle disputes when they may arise. If,
will be apart of the business of this otlice to laifly
adjust the labor question, and to see thateontraets are
equitable and their inviolability enforced ayainsttho
employer and employe.*'
He is absorbing all power, legislative, judi-
cial, and executive—playing the autocrat.
" Per?on^ who needed or refuse to make written eon-
tracl^with tiie freed peopleemployed by them will bo
required, should any dispute nri.-o as to compensation,
lo pay th<'hmh'*-t \\-a';r« r^i\on for the .-anic kind of
tabor in their neighborhood or sec fion of country."'
He dictates how the contract shall be made,
win ther it shall be in writing or veil
" The 1'iboi or must w oi k under the direct ion of his
emplovei, must be indu.-dtiovH and faithful, and not
loavethe plantation or place ot his employment in
w oikmc? houra, without permit-ion, unless lie isciu-
elly tieated.
"a. Parent"? arc advised that they are re^pomiblo
for their children, and thechildton tor their nu-edand
decrepit paionts, and must labor for their ^uppoir;
and in making contracts this fact must bo taken into
consideration. Acted and infirm freediuen, who havo
no means offupport, nor anv relationsto wiiom they
can rightfully lotdi for tho same, will be provided tor
by ihe county authorities"—
The county authorities do it, and have always
done it , have done it from the origin of our
State, and they are not to be ha-detmd and will
not-be hastened by this militaiw dicueoi, nor
by his bayonets, howeuu sharp they may be—
"Init the compnWory removal of the aired ami infuni
eoloied (ieojdejroiu then home- bv t hen lonmrnuis-
teiN will not bo permit ted: and plant at mns and homos,
from winch tho old and faithful treed "people are driven
awa\ wilt bo sd/ed and tii.<ikd a.-a)>an loncd lands
and propei ty, for ih<> bfrnotif ofttn> homeie^ andheip-
Ics elaf1- ot j>eoi>b\"
My county was the ^oeond sin veholding county
in the Stale in point of numbers. 1 have never
known there the owner oi an miinn or dc-
orepid slave that dul not, make jjvovi^ion foi his
-■upport. and where the owner i efm-ed io do so
the law was compulsory. We bavti an act of
the Legislature which imposes the duty upon
the county court to see that the, obligaiion is
enforced upon the ownei of old. infirm, and de-
crepit! slaves to support them: and if all these
resources fail, if a deuvpit ,-hive become? a
t.ounry pauper, he is supported in the poor-
house of the county, or by a charge upon the
lew of the county. That the ea^e afi over
the State of Kentucky: and vet. with all the.'-e
prow-don^, this Attorney (Jeimral urges on tho
Senator from Illinois to report such a measure
as this. But here you have long aero, by vour
military officers, in dcllnuce of the Constitution
and taw, wrested from the owners of slaves
their property in those slaves. AVe cared noth-
ing about your law of Congress freeing the
wives and children of slaves who had enlisted
in the Army. We knew that was a bri'fio/i ftd-
iiii'ii: and our supreme cour; Lave already dc-
cidedthat ii iv unconstituti .nuJ and inopeiative.
We knew thai any court ofany int elli.gence would
render the same decision; and if that decision
