1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
witnesses before a committee, because it could
not well be done. The immense Jextent of
country we were to examine into the condition
of, the great number of witnesses to be ex-
amined, the necessity of dividing the work to
be done among different members of the com-
mittee, the fact that we could not ourselves tell
what the points were until the testimony taken
developed those points, would all go to show
the impropriety and inexpediency of any such
proceeding. The expectation which Mr. Gra-
ham seems to have indulged in on that point
is not one in which I concur at all; it is not
one necessary, in my judgment, in such a case,
to eliminate the truth; because, I repeat, that,
in my judgment, from the very nature of a con-
gressional committee appointed upon a gen-
eral subject, they are supposed to be competent
to ascertain the truth, and to be disposed to
make a fair examination. So much with re-
gard to that point.
In regard to the other point which he states,
and that is, that the testimony is closed, he is
entirely mistaken. He takes it for granted that
as the testimony has been ordered to be pub-
lished, therefore no more is to be taken. If
the testimony had been closed, the order for
publication would have been attended witli a
report made by the committee. It is not closed
yet, except in the single case of the State of
Tennessee. It was thought advisable by the
committee, as there was great uneasiness in the
mind of the country, and a great misunderstand-
ing of what the facts were, and inasmuch as, to
state a fact which is less in consideration, we
were notified that there was very little to do at
the Government Printing Office, and they would
like to have something to do, and we had a
large mass of papers on hand, to begin to print
the testimony; and we got leave, therefore,
from the House of Representatives, to have
printed such parts of the testimony as were
ready to go to the printer, without closing the
testimony at all; and in fact it is still going
on ; and 1 will state that we are ready at any
time, and the committee have always been
ready, precisely as stated before, to receive and
examine such witnesses as Mr. Graham or any
other gentleman claiming a seat might think fit
to produce in the fullest manner that we are
capable of doing.
I will state further that none of the testimony
with regard to North Carolina has been printed.
Mr. Graham alludes in his communication to
the Intelligencer to one deposition in relation
to affairs in that State. How that got in there
I do not know. I presume it was taken by
some other than the sub-committee to whom
that subject was referred. The State of North
Carolina, if I recollect aright, is under the
charge of the sub-committee of which Senator
Howard is chairman. None of that testimony
has been published, for the simple reason that
at the time the order of publication was
made, Senator Howard was away, being called
home by a domestic calamity. The testimony
was all in his possession. He was not here,
and we have been deferring that particular
portion until he returned, in order that it might
be published under his supervise )n. The pub-
lication was left to the chairmen of the several
sub-committees. He will be back in a day or
two. I received a letter from him this morn-
ing. I think the States of Virginia, North
Carolina, and South Carolina are all commit-
ted to the sub-committee of which he is chair-
man, and the testimony is all in his possession,
and none of it, as I understand, has yet been
printed; so that Mr. Graha"i is laboring under
a very great error in supposing that this is a
judicial proceeding in that particular; that is
to say, that it is conducted according to the
rules of a court in equity or in other cases, tak-
ing all the testimony before you order the pub-
lication. He infers that because the publica-
tion has commenced, therefore it is all closed,
and no more is to be taken. That is not so.
The subject is still open for his examination
if he desires it. If we were to agree to his
idea that notice should be given to him of the
Doints that will be in our mind, and that he
should be called upon to explain them, and
appear as counsel and cross-examine every
witness, and all the other gentlemen from-these
other States should do the same thing, it would
protract the investigation indefinitelyWe did
not suppose it necessary, and we were informed
that it was not customary in such cases, and
therefore my reply was as it reads. I have
only to state that Mr. Graham is at perfect lib-
erty now, as he has been all along if he saw fit,
and I took it for granted he would, after receiv-
ing my letter, send his witnesses here or come
up"with them to have them examined. As he
did not do so, I thought very little more of it
one way or the other, because it so happened
as the business was divided on the committee
I was not on any one of the sub-committees
engaged in taking testimony.
I make this explanation in order to disabuse
the public mind of any idea that anything has
been denied to any of these gentlemen except
to come up to what Mr. Graham, in his com-
munication, seems to suppose ought to have
been done. I differ with him entirely. I differ
with him on the subject of practice, and I differ
with him as to the question of expediency. I
am not willing to admit, when I go on a com-
mittee of this kind, that I go there as counsel
to convict anybody, or go there to make a case
against anybody in any shape or form. I take
it for granted if I am ordered to investigate a
subject that I am counsel on both sides and
judge, and under every obligation to make that
examination fairly and honestly, and present
the facts as they exist, and not as they might
be made out by a particular person or set of
persons. That is not my notion, or according
to my ideas, of duty in such a case.
Mr. DAVIS. When this subjcct was nj>
before the Senate on the question of printing
the testimony the position that I took was, that
from information I had received I did not be-
lieve the committee were making a full and fair
examination in relation to the condition of the
southern States, whose condition they were in-
vestigating. I admit that imputation rested
mainly upon a conversation I had held with Mr.
Graham. I ask leave to read the correspon-
dence between the honorable Senator, whose
remarks in relation to his sense of the duty that
he is to perform on this investigation we have
just heard, and Mr. Graham, in justice to Mr.
Graham. Here is Mr. Graham's letter:
Hillsborough, North Carolina,
9 January 17,1866,
Sir: Observing that you arc firstnamedinthcSen-
atc's branch of the committee upon the admission
into Congress of members from the southern States,
and having forwarded to the l'residentof the Senate,
to he laid before that body, my commission as a Sen-
ator from North Carolina; perceiving, also, that the
committee has been authorized to take evidence in
the matters submitted to it by sending for persons
and papers, I t,a,ko the liberty of respectfully sug-
gesting through you to the committee that it will be
but justice, in the conduct of its proceedings in the
premises, to permit the delegation elected from each
State to be present at the reception of all evidence
touching such State or atiy of its members, with the
privilege of cross-examining witnesses and of intro-
ducing counter evid'ence if they shall deem it proper.
And for myself and my colleagues, I with deference
request the exorcise of this privilege in relation to
nil evidence having reference to the State of North
Carolina or any of nermembers elect.
I am, with the highest respect, vour obedient ser-
vant, W. A. GRAHAM.
Hon. William P. Eessexdex, Senate United States.
It .does not occur to me that there was any-
thing improper in the request made by Mr.
Graham in this letter. If no Senator or Rep-
resentative from these eleven excluded States
had come up to Congress at the present ses-
sion asking to be admitted into the respective
Houses, this proceeding would not have been
instituted. It is in substance a proceeding to
determine whether it is proper to admit or to ex-
elude these gentlemen that claim to be repre-
sentatives in the two Houses from those States.
It is so treated by Mr. Graham, and it will be
so treated by the common sense of the country.
Now, sir, in an issue of that kind, when a
matter is to be decided in relation to each of
the members who claim seats, and concerning
Mr. Graham particu'arly, whether he shall be
received as a Senator-elect from the State of
North Carolina to this body or not, when that
question is undergoing a quasi judicial investi-
gation by a committee of the two Houses of
Congress, what would seem to be more ob-
viously proper than that the gentlemen con-
cerned in that investigation should know that
the committee were sitting upon the subject
and that they should have the privilege of being
present during the whole investigation, of hear-
ing evidence thatmightbeadducedagainstthem,
of cross-examining the witnesses, and if they
deemed proper, of introducing other witnesses
to explain or to contradict what might be proven
against them. The honorable Senator from
Maine replied in a very courteous letter, to the
terms and manner of which I make-no com-
plaint. Mr. Graham added to his first letter
this sentence:
"My residence here is within twenty-four hours
journey of the Capitol, and I will attend there at any
time on notice from the committee."
That was in substance and fact simply an
inquiry whether he and the, gentlemen who
occupied a similar position to himself in rela-
tion to seats in the two Houses, would be per-
mitted to be present upon the investigation of
a matter in relation to their respective States,
to hear the evidence against them, to cross-
examine witnesses, and if they thought proper
to introduce counter testimony. The reply of
the honorable Senator is in these words :
Washington, January 24, 18(56.
Dear Sir: It is not customary to allow a cross-
examination of witnesses before a committee ap-
pointed to report on a subject not involving indi-
viduals. The committee is supposed to be desirous
to ascertain the truth, and capablc of making all tho
examination necessary.
The committee is quite willing, however, to ex-
amine any witnesses who may be produced, having a
knowledge of the subject-matter, to any reasonable
6xtcn t
The credentials of gentlemen claiming to be Sen-
ators have not been referred to this committee, and
there is no probability that they will be.
Yours, very respectfully,
W. P. FESSEtfDEN.
Hon. W. A. Graham.
Mr. Graham, replied to that, as follows:
Hillsborough, North Carolina,
January 29,18(50.
Bear Sir : I am much obliged by yours of the 24th
instant. I had supposed the province of your com-
mittee to embrace that of a committee of elections
and privileges, before which I take the rule to be
without exception that persons claiming to be mem-
bers are permitted to hear what may be adduced
against their claims, and to bring forward counter-
vailing evidence. If this supposition be not correct,
by reason of the fact stated by you, that the creden-
tials of gentlemen claiming to.be Senators have not
been referred, the question will recur, whether the
right of a State to representation is not entitled to
an equal privilege of defense by those whom she has
chosen for that office.
I know not what, if anything, may be alleged
against the right in question on the part of the State
of North Carolina. I am satisfied that nothing can
be alleged that ought to prevail; but until the ob-
jections and proofs are known, it is not possible to
canvass them or to offer contradictory evidence. My
sole purpose is to aid the committee, so far as this
State is concerned, in the ascertainment of truth,
and to guard against ex parte testimony from un-
known or irresponsible sources. If, therefore, tho
committee will at any time furnish notice of the
points on which evidence is desired, or of prejudi-
cial testimony which it is necessary to meet, my col-
leagues and myself will gladly avail ourselves of its
permission to offer such relevant proof as may be in
our power.
I am, very respectfully, yours,
TV. A. GRAHAM.
Hon. "William P. Fessenden, Senate United States.
Now, sir, my own conception was that this
investigation involved the two matters, the one
personal to Mr. Graham and the other gentle-
men who claim seats in the two Houses, and
the other relating to the States of which they
were the selected representatives, Mr. Gra-
ham was certainly involved in this inquiry per-
sonally. His State was involved in it, inasmuch
as that State had a right to be represented on
the floor of the Senate. The committee were
sitting judicially, as it strikes me, in relation to
both those issues; and it seems to me, it was
the obvious duty of the committee to have in-
formed at the threshold each and every gentle*
man who was claiming a seat in the Senate of
the fact of their appointment and of their duty
to investigate his case and the case of his State,
and to have invited or at least to have informed
