2442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
and having a good, efficient, and energetic staff,
without reference to its cost—with such a sys-
tem the people of this country can bear all the
burdens of taxation now imposed upon them,
or which any unforeseen emergency may here-
after require.
I hope the House, in discussing this bill, will
have due and careful reference to that fact, as
well as to the details of the tax itself. With a
proper adjustment of this law, to be made from
year to year, I am confident that this nation,
with its resistless enterprise, its boundless re-
sources, its rapidly increasing population, will
meet the emergencyfor whichitis nowrequired
to provide with the same degree of honor and
success that has attended its conduct of the
war which has just been closed.
The first reading of the bill having been
dispensed -with by unanimous consent, the
committee proceeded to reconsider it by sec-
tions for amendment.
The first section was read, as follows:
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1866, in lieu
of the duties on unmanufactured cotton, as provided
in an act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes, approved June 30, 1861, as
amended by the act of March 3, 1865, there shall
be paid by the producer, owner, or holder, upon all
cotton produced within the United States, and upon
which no tax has been levied, paid, or collected, a
tax of five cents per pound, as hereinafter provided;
and the weight of such cotton shall be ascertained
"by deducting four per cent, for tare from the gross
weight of each bale or package; and such tax shall
be and remain a lien thereon, in the possession of
any person whomsoever, from the time when such
cotton is produced as aforesaid until the same shall
have been paid; and no drawback shall in any case
be allowed on raw or unmanufactured cotton of any
tax paid thereon when exported in the raw or un-
manufactured condition. But no tax shall lie im-
posed upon any cotton imported from other coun-
tries, and on which an import duty shall have been
paid.
Mr. LYNCH moved to amend the section
by adding the following:
Provided, That any producer may procure an ex-
emption of not more than six hundred pounds of
cotton in any one year, as follows:
Upon exhibiting the same to the assistant assessor
of the district where said producer resides anil whero
the cotton was raised, at the place of production, and
inalungoaththathcraiscd audnowowns snidcotton,
and satisfying the assistant assessor that his sworn
statement is true, the assistant assessor shall fitly
mark tho bale or bales of said cotton with the num-
ber of pounds, being not more than six hundred as
ascertained by weight then and there, and with the
following words: " Cotton produced in the assess-
ment district in the coll ection district in , by
 , and owned by him on the day of , 18—,
and exempt from taxation;" filling said blanks with
tho designation of tho assessment district and also
of tho collection district, the name of the State, the
name of the producer and owner, and the date when
said exemption isso ascertained and marked thereon.
The assistant assessor shall give to said producer a
certificate of such exemption sotting forth the above
facts, and also the place of production as near as can
be, and the payment of his fee. He shall also make
a full recoid of all such exemptions and transmit a
transcript of the same to tho assessor. Tho assistant
assessor shall be allowed a foe of two dollars for all
his services in each case of exemption, to be paid by
theproduccr. Any person swearing falsely in pro-
curing such exemption; and any person using or at-
tempting to uso the exemption certificate or marks
provided for in this section with intent to procure
exemption for any other cotton than that which was
lawfully exempted as such certificate and marks set
forth; also, any person selling or giving away, pur-
chasing or receiving such certificate or marks with
intent to defraud or to aidindefrauding the revenue
shall bo liable, upon conviction thereof, to a fine of
fifty dollars or to not more than three months' im-
prisonment, Under the provisions of this section no
cotton in its unmanufactured state shall be exempt
from taxationformore than ten months aftertho date
of its marks or certificate of exemption. Any per-
son, otlior than the producer named in thecertificate
and marks aforesaid, who shall subsequently to such
exemption claim property in any cotton so exempted,
by virtue of an ownership prior in date to such ex-
emption, shall forfeit all such cotton; and any cotton
with reference to which tho owner or his agent shall
commit any violation of this section shall also be
forfeited.
Mr. LYNCH. The object of the amend-
ment I have proposed, as will be seen, is to
encourage tho smaller producers of cotton. It
is following the general spirit of this bill, which
exempts all incomes of less than $1,000 a year.
It also exempts all manufacturers of less than
$600. And the incomes of miners who do not
produce $1,000 are exempted from taxation.
The amendment I have proposed follows out
that same general principle.
There is a great deal of machinery connected
with it, for the same reason that there is a great
deal of machinery connected with this section
levying a tax upon cotton. By referring to the
bill it will be seen that sections two, three, four,
and five, all long sections, relate to the collec-
tion of this tax on cotton. There is necessarily
a great deal of machinery connected with this
subject, for the reason that the collection of
. the tax is provided for by a lien upon the cot-
ton produced, instead of, as in the case of
manufactures,_ relying for the payment u;f>on
the responsibility of the manufacturer. This
amendment is intended simply to encourage
the small producers by exempting this small
amount; thjis following out the general spirit
of the bill. I think there should be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I trust
that the amendment proposed by my friend
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] will not be adopted.
In the first place, it will open the door through
a vast region of country for any quantity of
fraud. The owner of a large plantation, for
instance, might employ any number of men,
each of whom would get the benefit of this
exemption.
In addition to this, I think the gentleman
from Maine proceeds upon an entirely wrong
theory with refer8hce to who pays the tax. On
whatever is consumed here in this country we,
the consumers, pay the tax, and on whatever
goes abroad we expect, of course, to compel
foreigners to pay the tax.
The amendment is so voluminous and opens
the door to so great a variety of frauds that I
think my friend from Maine must on reflection
himself see the impropriety of its adoption.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, to the machinery which the com-
mittee have found it necessary to provide, in
order to prevent frauds in the collection of
this tax upon cotton. While the amendment
is somewhat lengthy in its provisions, yet the
only point of it is the exemption of six hun-
dred pounds of cotton from taxation. Its
lengthy phraseology is designed to secure the
Government against frauds in connection with
that exemption. If the honorable chairman
of the committee will examine the provision
of the old law with reference to the exemption
of manufacturers to the amount of $000, he will
find that that provision is liable to the same
objections which he urges against this amend-
ment. The only question is whether the prop-
osition is so guarded that tho Government will
not be defrauded. I suppose the gentleman
will agree that now when the labor of the South,
the cotton-producing portion of the country, is
revolutionized, it is desirable that if this tax be
imposed on cotton, the small producers there
should have some encouragement.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question: does he think that, if his
amendment should be adopted, it would help
in any way the man who raises only six hun-
dred pounds of cotton?
Mr. LYNCH. It would help him certainly
to the amount of the drawback which he would
receive—five cents per pound. It would help
him to the extent of thirty dollars on the six
hundred pounds.
Mr. GARFIELD. The whole of this tax
would eventually be paid by the consumer, not
by the producer. The amendment would multi-
ply greatly the number of those who would be
tempted to swear falsely in order to escape the
tax.
Mr. LYNCH. I would say in reply to the
gentleman that the same objection would apply
to the whole bill, for it all depends upon whether
the machinery adopted is such as to protect
the Government against frauds in the collection
of the revenue. The amount proposed to be
exempted by the amendment is, it is true,
small; but the same might be said with regard
to manufacturers to the amount of not more
than six hundred dollars. The same may be 1
said also with regard to the exemption of
$1,000 from income tax. The amount of tax
exempted would be large to those who would
have to pay it. This amendment proceeds
upon precisely the same principle which is
carried out all through the bill with reference
to other products. The gentleman must see
that whoever finally pays the tax, the producer
must get the benefit of just this five cents per
pound on the six hundred pounds.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say one word
further with reference to thisamendment; but
before doing so, I will move that the commit-
tee now rise, as I wish to submit a motion to
close general debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr.washbckne, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, having had under
consideration the Union generally, and par-
ticulailythe bill (H. 11. No. 513) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay inter-
est on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory
thereof, had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, sir, that when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the bill No. 513, all general debate upon
the bill terminate in one minute, leaving the
five-minute debate upon amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
Upon a bill which we are considering in this
manner, section by section, is it in order to
close debate upon the whole bill'? Can the
closing of debate extend beyond the pending
section ?
The SPEAKER. General debate on the
bill can be terminated; but that does not in-
terfere with five- minute speeches for and against
amendments. The House cannot close debate
entirely except upon the pending section.
The motion of Mr. Morrill was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty-five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to tne appropriate committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Nathaniel Swift,
Moses Foster, William Chickering, W. S. Slevers,
Samuel Merrit, Marcus Morton, and others, for
amendment of tax law on savings banks.
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of citizens of
Otsego county, New Yorlc, asking passage of laws
regulating intcr-Stato insurance.
By Mr. COBB: The memorial of George Cotting-
ham, in relation to his pursuit of the assassins of
President Lincoln, dated May 4,1866.
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of J. B. Fellows &
Co., of Mobile, Alabama, praying indemnity for
47,660 pounds ot cotton taken at tho capture of Mo-
bile by the Government, sold at New York, May 13,
1865, for 814.298 in gold.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Martha A. Booth, widow
of Dr. William A. Booth, of Canton, Mississippi, who
was a Union man murdered by tho enemy, praying
indemnity for losses of property by the war.
Also, the petition of Timothy Lyden, of West Vir-
ginia, praying compensation aswagoner in the quar-
termaster's department while he was in captivity and
prison by tho enemy.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: The petition of citizens of
Dodgecounty, intheState of Wisconsin, fornational
insurance law, &e.
By Mr. HULBURD: The petition of II. R. James,
and others, citizens of Ogdensburg, New York, ask-
ing an increase and an ad valorem duty upon foreign
flax imported.
Also, the petition of A. B. James, and others, citi-
zens of St. Lawrence county, New York, on the same
subject.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: The petition of A. C. Blod-
get, and others, citizens of Ypsilanti, Michigan, ask-
ing for a bureau of national insurance.
By Mr. ORTII: A petition from J ames Heaton, and
others, praying for legislation on tho subject of in-
surance companies.
^ By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The peti-
tion of Josiah Brown, and 131 others, tobacco-growers
in the town of Deerfield, Massachusetts, asking forin-
creased protection against the importation ot cigars.
Also, tho petition of Charles Haywood, and 51
others, tobacco-growers of Gill and Northficld, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Lemuel Cooley, and 59 o'hers,
