1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2443
tobacco-growers of Whately and Hatfield, Massachu-
setts, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of H. H. Mayhew, and 52 others,
tobacco-growers of Charlemont, Massachusetts, for
the same purpose.
notice of a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the rule:
By Mr. JULIAN: A bill entitled, An act concern-
ing the elective franchise in the Territories of the
TJiiited States, and the admission of new States here-
after to be formed within the same."
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 8, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating a second
dispatch from the minister of the United States
in Paris to the Secretary of State, relative to
a proposed exposition of fishery and water cul-
ture at Arcachon, in France; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Sumner, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message of the President
of the United States, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
19th ultimo, a report from Benjamin C. Tru-
man relative to the condition of the southern
people and the States iu which the rebellion
existed; which, on motion of Mr. Sumner, was
ordered to lie on tlie table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Enos
Kellsy, of the town of Napoli, Cattaraugus
county, New York, who states that he is sixty-
six years of age; that he has not a dollar's
worth of property in the world; that at the out-
break of the rebellion he had seven sons, all of
whom enlisted in the Army; two of them were
killed on the field of battle; another died in a
rebel prison; another lost a leg at the battle
of Gettysburg, and prays for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Washington, District of Columbia, praying
that Congress will enact such just and equal
laws for the regulation of inter-State insur-
ances of all kinds as may be effectual in estab-
lishing the greatest security for the interests
protected by policies and promotive of the
greatest good and convenience to all concerned
in such transactions; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented two petitions of mechanics
and laborers in American manufacturing estab-
lishments, praying that the tariff may be so
amended as to protect their labor to the extent
of the difference of the cost of capital and labor
here and abroad, with the addition of the taxes
paid by American industrial products, from
which the foreign are free; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of citi-
zens of New Bedford, Massachusetts, setting
forth that St. Catherines, in Brazil, is an im-
portant place of resort for our whaling fleet;
that it is essential to our interests that the con-
sulate at that place should be filled by an Amer-
ican citizen competent to the performance of
its duties. They go on to say that with the
close of the war the salary for the consul there
will be stopped. They recommend, in the inter-
estof commerce, thatasalaryof atleast$l,500
be provided for the consul there. This petition
is numerously signed by the most eminent and
respectable citizens of New Bedford. I ask
its reference to tho Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial and
proceedings of a meeting of the medical pro-
fession lield at Baltimore on the 4th day of May,
in obedicnce to a call numerously signed by
physicians from every portion of the United
States, praying Congress to adopt prompt and
efficient measures for protecting the commu-
nity against the approach of the Asiatic chol-
era ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask leave to present the
memorial of 0. D. Mesnil, a citizen of Bel-
gium, who respectfully represents that he is
desirous of introducing into the United States
a new mode for the towage of boats on navi-
gable rivers. The proposed plan is fully ex-
plained and its advantages^ set forth in the
printed summary accompanying it. I ask that
this memorial be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Did the
Chair understand the Senator to say that the
petitioner was a citizen of Belgium ?
Mr. MORRILL. I believe he is so de-
scribed ; I am not sure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule a petition from a foreigner residing in or
belonging to any foreign Government cannot
be received.
Mr. MORRILL. It is sent to me, not by
himself, but by a very well-known citizen. I
will withdraw the petition until I am able to
ascertain the fact.
tapers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. CRESWELL, it was
Ordered. That the petition and other papers of
Rebecca Scott, praying for a pension, be taken from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr. PESSENDEN, from tho Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 213) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 80th of
•Tune, 1807, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
James Pool, praying to be reimbursed for
money paid by him for supplies for_the Shaw-
nee tribe of Indians, reported a bill (S. No.
811) for the relief of James Pool, which was
read and passed to a second reading.
emperor oe russia.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 133) relative to tho
attempted assassination of tho Emperor of
Russia, have had it under consideration and
directed me to report it back with amendments;
and as the resolution is one which I think will
interest the Senate, and perhaps ought to be
acted upon immediately and unanimously, I
will ask that it be proceeded with now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the following joint resolution:
Resolved, &e„ That the Congress of tho United
States of America has learned with deep regret of
the attempt made upon the life of tho Emperor of
Kussiaby an enemy of emancipation. The Congress
sends their greeting to his Imperial Majesty and to
the Russian nation, and congratulates the twenty
million serfs upon the providential escape from dan-
ger of the sovereign to whose head and heart they
owe tho blessings of their freedom.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Foreign Relations was to strike out the word
"their" before the word "greeting," so that
it will read: " The Congress sends greeting to
his Imperial Majesty," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
And be it further resolved. That the Presidentof the
United States bo requested to forward a copy of this
resolution to the Emperor of Eussia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
will take the liberty of making one remark.
In considering the resolution in committee, it
seemed in some respects inadequate to the
occasion, and yet the committee did not think
it advisable to attempt any further amendment.
The public prints have informed us that an
attempt was made on the life of the Emperor
of Russia by a person animated against liim
on account of his divine effort to establish
emancipation. That report, I am inclined to
think, has not disclosed completely the whole
ease. It does not appear, from what we are
told, that the special ground of animosity to
the Emperor, at the present moment, is so
much the original act of emancipation as the
courage and perseverance and wisdom which
he has displayed in carrying it forward to its
practical results.
I have had occasion, formerly, to remind the
Senate how completely the Emperor has done
his work. Not content with issuing the decree
of emancipation, which was in the month of
February, 1861, he has proceeded, by an elab-
orate system of regulations, to provide, in the
first place, for what have been called the civil
rights of all the recent serfs; then, in the next,
place, to provide especially for their rights in
court; then, again, to provide for their rights
in property, securing to every one of them a
homestead; and then, again, by providing for
them rights of public education. Added to
all these, he has secured to them also political
rights, giving to every one the right to vote for
all local officers, corresponding to our officers
of the town and of the county. It is this very
thoroughness with which he has carried out
his decree of emancipation that has aroused
against him the ancient partisans of slavery,
■and I doubt not it was one of these who aimed
at him that blow which was so happily arrested.
The laggard and the faithless are not pursued
by assassins.
The Emperor of Russia was born in 1818,
and is now forty-eight years of age. He suc-
ceeded to the throne on the death of his late
father in 1855. Immediately after his acces-
sion he was happily inspired to bring about
emancipation in his great country. One of his
first utterances when declaring his sentiments,
was, that it was important that this great work
should begin from above to the end that it
should not proceed from below. Therefore he
insisted that the Imperial Government itself
should undertake the blessed work, and not
leave it to the chance of insurrection or of
blood. He went forth bravely, encountering
much opposition; and now, that emancipation
has been declared in form, he is still going for-
ward bravely in order to crown it by_ assuring
all those rights without which emancipation is
little more than a name. Itwas, therefore, on
account of his thoroughness in the work that
he became a mark for the assassin; and, sir,
our country does well when it offers its homage
to the sovereign who has attempted so great a
task, under such difficulties and at such haz-
ards, making a landmark of civilization.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the words "by an
enemy of emancipation;" and upon this amend-
ment I will submit a remark. The Senate of
the United States, sir, is called upon to vote
for this resolution as its stands, and to assert
by its vote that the attempt made upon the life
of the Emperor of Russia was "by an enemy
of emancipation." Now, sir, I ask you, I ask
any member of the Senate, whether there is
one particle of evidence before this body, or
whether there is a particle of evidence extant
in this country, and accessible to the people of
this country, which shows that such an attempt
was made by an enemy of emancipation. I
have seen none such. The statement that I
have seen in the papers is that it was by a man
in the humble walks of life, and I presume by
a man that did not own many serfs. If it be
the fact that this attempt at the assassination
of the Emperor of Russia was made by an
enemy of emancipation, that fact can be easily
ascertained, for Russia is represented here by
a minister. Inquiry could have been made of
that minister; and if the fact be as alleged m
the resolution we could have had knowledge
of that fact from a proper and reliable source.
I do not suppose there is any person in this
Chamber, or any person in this country, who
approves of the attempt to assassinate thehjm-
peror of Russia, or anybody else; but when we
come to record our votes in favor of the passage
