420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
intended for Congress, which is now in the
hands of a printer for the purpose of being
printed. What its contents are I do not know;
but at any rate it bears upon that dircct ques-
tion. The gentleman who bore that letter from
Governor Orr told me that it would bo printed
by to-morrow morning. I submit the question
to the Senate, whether they are willing to post-'
pone the final vote on this bill until that docu-
ment can be before them ; I have no opinion
in regard to that point. I do not know that
a perusal of the document would change the
opinion of any member of the Senate in regard
to the bill; but it is due to Governor Orr, and
it is due to the subject, that I should mention
the matter to the Senate, as I promised to do.
I do not think any harm will result from our
laying this bill over informally until to-rnor-
row ; and by to-morrow morning the paper to
which I have alluded, whatever it may be, will
be laid upon our tables. I submit the mat-
ter to the chairman of the Committee on the
J udiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it was a simple ques-
tion of laying over the bill until to-morrow, and
no public considerations were involved in it, I
should presume there would be no disposition
to hasten a vote upon it to-day: but the condi-
tion of the bill is such that it cannot now be
amended; and this is not the last action upon
the bill; when wc pass it it goes to the House
of Representatives, to be there considered, and
whatever considerations may be presented in
the letter of the Governor of the reorganized
authorities in South Carolina can go before the
committee of the House of Representatives. 11'
this were final action it would be different. If
this were a House bill now upon its passage
here, which was to become a law and pass from
our consideration, and an application was made
by a person having some interest in its provis-
ions to be heard, it would be different. But
this is not the final action to be taken by Con-
gress upon the bill. It will go to the House of
Representatives after we pass it for considera-
tion there. Wc cannot change or alter the bill
at 1I3 present stage without a reconsideration
of our action and opening it for amendments
generally, or perhaps without, a recommittal of
it; and the result would bo that we should have
over again the debate which has occupied the
Senate for the lust week or two. It is known
to the Senator from Ohio that we were delayed
nearly the whole day yesterday on amendments
that were proposed, and upon which the yens
and nays were repeatedly called. Under the
circumstances 1 do not see that anything is to
bo lost to the people of South Carolina by our
acting lo-day.
Mr. DAVIS. X suppose there will not bo any
objection from any quarter to the proposition
which the Senator from Illinois now makes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have made no propo-
sition. I was answering the suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio. J think that, under the
circumstances, in the present condition of the
public business of the country, and when noth-
ing is to be lost to the parties nho wish to bring
some facts to the consideration of Congress by
the passage of the bill to-day, inasmuch as
they can bring this matter before the House of
Representatives, it is unreasonable to ask that
we should longer delay action upon the bill.
I should in the ordinary course of things, as
I am upon 1 lie floor and have charge of this
bill, feel it incumbent upon me to reply, in the
conclusion of this debate, to some of the ob-
jections which have been urged against the
passage of the bill; but so much time has been
occupied, as 1 conceive, in dilatory motions,
and what cannot but be regarded as a debate
designed to prevent action upon the bill, that
I do not feel myself justified in occupying any
considerable time in replying either to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky or to other Senators who
have spoken against the passage of the bill. I
will hastily, however, as it is not quite three
o'clock, and designing to conclude all 1 have to
say by that hour, reply to all I think there is in
the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky.
Hp has strainod his voice to the utmost and
talked about the fury of passion which governs i
the Senate, of the monstrous infractions of the j
Constitution,andoftheBlackRepublieanparty! ;
Now, does the Senator suppose that these epi- J
thets and these high-sounding words make the j
bill unconstitutional? Has anybody displayed i
half the fury of passion that he has? Has any- j
body been so much excited as he has? Who
has delayed the Senate by the fury of passion
and denunciation but the Senator from Ken-
tucky himself? Sir, the declaration that this is
a monstrous infraction of the Constitution does
not make it so; nor does the declaration of the
Senator that because some of the States in the
Union are not represented here, it is therefore
unconstitutional, prove that to be so.
That is his first position. The very state-
ment of an argument is sometimes its most poi-
fect refutation. 'The Senator assumes here and
argues that because some of the States of the
Union, having been in rebellion against the
Government, and not yet restored in their rela-
tions to the Government, are not represented 1
here, it is therefore unconstitutional for us to
pass a lav,-! What is the Senator from Ken-
tucky here for? Why does he not go home?
Why is he sitting here but to pass laws? Is it
unconstitutional to pass this bill because some
States afe not represented here? Why, sir,
what sort of a Government would it, be if some
State, by withdrawing its representation, could
take away the constitutional power of the Con-
gress of the United States to pass a law? The
absurdity of the proposition is such that it needs
not to be argued to be refuted.
But he says that there is a clear violation of
the Constitution in this bill, because judicial
power is by it conferred upon the ollicers and
agents of the Freednien's Biueau. lie sa_\s it
is admitted that such puwei is conferred, and ;
then lie reads the clause of the Constitution of
the United Slates which declares that, the judi-
cial power shall be vested in a Supremo Court >
and inferior courts, to be established by Con-
gress, and he says these officers of the krecd-
mcn's Bureau arc not the courts contemplated
hvthe Constitution; and he reads another clause
to show that the right of trial by jury is secured
to parties, and he says no jury trial is provided
for here. Of course not; but how plain a state-
ment shall answer that whole argument.
Are there not. other provisions of the Consti-
tution? lias the Senator from Kentucky never
read that, the Congress of the L'nited States
shall have authority to call forth the militia to
put down insurrection and rebellion? Docs
not the Senator from Kentucky know that from
eleven States of this Union every court has been
expelled and driven out? And could air, thing
be more absurd and preposterous than l'or him
to talk about liials before the ordinary courts
of justice, where every court of justice has been
expelled by force of arms? It would not be
more absurd for the Senator to contend that,
when the hundreds of thousands of men met in
battle array you should first, impanel a jury, i
and try a traitor, and see whether he was guilty ;
oftreason, before jon could shoot or hang him ? :
When the time comes that the judicial author- !
ities of t he countryarc overborne, when they are ;
expelled, and armed men rise up in opposition '
to the civil tribunals, and they have no power to j
put down the armed resistance, then the mili- [
tary power is called into play, and by military
anthoritythe armed insurrection is crushed and !
put down. The military power governs and ;
controls where no courts can exist. It is under '
this provision of the Constitution, authorizing
judicial powers to bo conferred upon military
tribunals which have been exercised for the ;
last five years, that judicial authority is now to
be conferred upon the officers and agents of the
Freedmen's Bui can. Does that Senator deny /
the authority to hold a court-martial; docs he |
deny the authority of a military commission to
try and punish men in rebellious districts where '
no civil courts can exist, and where all judicial ,
I' authority is overborne by arms? If he does 1
deny it, he denies the authority to have any !
Government at all in those districts, and we ]
I should have a state of anarchy and confusion, i
The Senator says the laws of Kentucky forbid
a white man or woman marrying a negro, and
that these laws of Kentucky are to exist for-
ever ; that severe penalties are imposed in the
State of Kentucky against amalgamation be-
tween the white and black races. Well, sir, I
am sorry that in noble Kentucky there is such
a disposition to amalgamation that nothing but
penalties and punishments can prevent it. Hut,
sir, it is a misrepresentation of this bill to say
that it interferes with those laws. I answered
that argument the other day when it was pre-
sented by the Senator from Indiana. The bill
provides for dealing out the same punishment
to people of every color and every race; and
if the law of Kentucky forbids the white man to
marry the black woman I presume it equally
forbids the black woman to marry the white
man. and the punishment is alike upon each.
All this bill provides for is that there shall be
no discrimination in punishments on account
of color; and unless the Senator from Ken-
tucky wants to punish the negro more severely
for marrying a white person than a white for
marrying a negro, the bill will not interfere
with his law.
But he says the Freedmen's Bureau did not
originally embrace Kentucky, and it is a mon-
strous usurpation to extend it over Kentucky,
and thereupon he assaults the Attorney Gen-
eral, who, I suppose, is capable of defending
himself.
Mr. WILSON, if he has a chance.
Mr. TRUMBULL, liven without a chance.
I do not imagine he will be very seriously dam-
aged by what, the Senator from Kentucky has
said. Did the Senator ever look at the original
law to sec whether it reached Kentucky? What
is its language ?
"Thnt there is hereby c^tabl'rdicd in the AV;ir
Department, to eont inue during th<> present war ot re-
bellion. and i'oi one year theieat'ter, a Dnrcau oi'Ilef-
ucees, Frcedmen, and Abandoned I.ands, to which
^hall be committed, as hereinafter provided, the ea-
pervision and management of all abandoned hinds,
and the control of alisubjecbrebtm^torefugees and
frcedmen from rebel States, or bom any district of
country within the territory embraced ill the opera-
tions of the Army."
Was not 1'adueah embraced in the opera-
tions of the Army? The original Freedmen's
Bureau bill was not confined to the rebellious
States: it was confined to the refugees and
frcedmen from those States and from localities
occupied by the Army, and that is all there is
in the present bill, it extends to refugees and
frcedmen wherever found"; so did the original
bill, and there is no usurpation in the authority
which lias been assumed in the Stale of Ken-
tucky.
What. I have now said embraces, T believe,
all the points of the long gentleman's speech
except, the sound arid fury, and that I will not
undertake to reply to.
Several Scxatork. You mean the short gen-
tleman's loot; speech.
Mr. TR UMBULL. Did T say short? If so,
it was a very great mistake to speak of' anything
connected with the Senator from Kentucky as
short. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. It is long enough to reach you.
Mr. TKUMBULL. The hoar having arrived
which was agreed upon by the Senate for taking
the vote upon this bill 1 shall not continue my
remarks, but trust that we shall now come to
a vote upon it.
Mr. JOl-INSOX. I have no purpose to de-
bate the bill, and rise with no such view ; but I
suggest whether it would not be better to lei it
go over until to-morrow. It makes no differ-
ence in the result.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. I have already given my
| opinion that there is no reason for its going over,
i Mr. JOHNSON. I was not addressing my-
! self so much to the Senator as he may suppose :
| I was appealing to the Senate. I understand
| from my honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Sheu-
- max] that there is a committee here from the
I Governor of South Carolina with a eouimunica-
i tion from him on the subject, of this bill: I do not
know what, it is : but all the request that is made
is that we shall bo put in possession of the in-
formation they communicate before the final vote
