3404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
ni)tl expenditures connected with the Indian
service. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington', D. C., Jun-e 23, 1866.
The message and accompanying documents
were ordered to be printed and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Jenckes and Mr.
Darling.
Mr. ORTH asked and obtained indefinite
leave"of absence for his colleague, Mr. De-
frees.
Mr. CHANLER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for himself.
COMMITTEE VACANCY FILLED.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Dodge to fill the vaeaney on the Com-
mittee on Commerce caused by the death of
Mr. James Humphrey.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. .TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
■same:
An act (S. No. 59) to provide for the revis-
ion and consolidation of the statutes of the
United States;
An act (S. No. 180) for the relief of A. J.
Gray;
An act (S. No. 200) for the relief of Jane
Harris;
An act (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Mrs. Amarilla Cook;
An act (8. No. 243) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Amboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
bay, in the State of Michigan, and for the com-
pletion of said road;
An act (S. No. 275) for the relief of Corne-
lius Crowley;
An act (S. No. 276) for the relief of Mrs.
Jcrusha Witter;
An act (S. No. 298) granting a pension to
Jane D. Brent;
An act (S. No. 320) granting a pension to
Mrs. Harriet B. Crocker;
An acl (S. No. 330) making further provision
for the establishment of an armory and arsenal
of construction, deposit, and repair on Rock
Island, in the State of Illinois;
An act (S. No. 339) granting a pension to
Benjamin Franklin;
An act (S. No. 3-12) for the benefit of Ira
B. Curtis;
An act (S. No. 375) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act granting a pension to the widow
of the late Major General Hiram G. Berry;''
An -act (S. Ns. 381) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to authorize the sale of marine
hospitals and revenue-cutters," approved April
20, 1866;
An act (H. R. No. 249) to establish a land
office in the Territory of Idaho ; and
An act (II. R. No. 342) in amendment of
an act to promote the progress of the useful
arts and the acts in amendment of and in addi-
tion thereto.
Mr. THAYER. I now renew ray motion to
adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 31, noes 53.
Before the result of the vote wasannounced,
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ashley of
Ohio, and Mr. Thayer, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 34, noes 62.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
BOUNTIES TO COLORED SOLDIEltS AGAIN.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded andthe
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the
joint resolution,
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I call for
the reading of the bill.
The bill was again read.
On the passage of the bill,
Mr. LE BLOND called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENITENTIARIES IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Territories a
bill setting aside certain proceeds from internal
revenue for the erection of penitentiaries in the
Territories of Nebraska, Washington, Arizona,
Montana, Idaho, and Dakota; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I make
the point of order that this bill must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order; and the bill will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move that the bill
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX—EXEMPTION OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to exempt ecrtuin public lands
from taxation; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD FROM CALIFORNIA TO OREGON.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Central Pacific railroad, in California,
to Portland, in Oregon; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALT LAKE AND COLUMBIA RIVER RAILROAD.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that, by unan-
imous consent, Senate bill No. 336, granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from Salt Lake City to the
Columbia river, be taken from the Speaker's
table and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The SPEAKER. That bill was referred on
last Wednesday to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
PRINTING TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that one thousand
extra copies of the tariff bill be printed for the
use of the members of this House.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be re-
ferred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
PUBLIC SECURITIES AND CURRENCY.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to punish certain crimes
in relation to the public securities and cur-
rency, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
army APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 157) making
appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending the 30th June, 1867.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
First amendment:
On page 6, in lines sixteen and seventeen, strike
out "250" and insert in lieu thereof "100," so that
the clause will road:
Tor contingencies of the Army, $100,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
On page 7, strike out all after the word ''dollars,"
in line five, to the end of the bill, as follows:
Provided, That no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated shall be used for paying the Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company for the transportation of the
troops or the property of the United States; and the
Attorney General of the United States is hereby
directed to institute a suit against the said company
in the circuit court of the United States, in the elev-
enth circuit, without delay, to recover from the said
company any moneys that have been paid to the said
company by any Department of the Government for
the transportation of the troops or property of the
United States; and the said Attorney General is
hereby further directed to appear for the United
States in said court, and prosecute its interests in
the said suit.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that amendment will be
concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. This matter has been set-
tled by Congress three or four times. We rec-
ommend that it be non-concurred in, and I
hope it will be non-concurred in and sent to a
committee of conference, which will dispose of
it as it has done heretofore. The gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe,] who takes a
deep interest in the matter, is too unwell to bo
in the House ; but this does not dispose of the
subject, as it will again come up on the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. DAVIS. When the report of the com-
mittee of conference is made, must we not act
on it as a unit?
Mr. STEVENS. The committee of confer-
ence acts on each one of these amendments
separately, but when the report is made, of
course it must be acted on as a whole.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section:
And hp it further enacted, That the sum of $110,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be disbursed by the Secretary of War in the erec-
tion of fire-proof buildings at or near the Schuylkill
arsenal, in the State of Pennsylvania, to be used as
store-houses for Government property.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section:
And be it farther enaeted, That the following sums
be, and the same arc b ereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the support of theBureauot Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, for the fiscalyear commencing
January 1, 1866, namely:
For salaries of assistant and sub-assistant commis-
sioners, $1*17,500.
For salaries of clerks, $82,000.
For stationery and printin?, $63,000.
For quarters and fuel, $59,TOO,
For clothing for distribution, £1.170,000.
For commissary stores, 83,106,250.
For medical department, $500,000.
For transportation, SI,320,000.
For school superintendents, $21,000.
For repairs and rent of school-houses and asylums,
$500,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a concurrence, with'an amendment,
to add the following:
For telegraphing, $18,000.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
that will be non-concurred in.
