Z4M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May %
of the resolution, ought we not to be properly
informed whether the resolution states a fact, or
' whether it does not state a fact? Sir, I sat in
this Chamber in 1861, and I saw a resolution
pass this body, which I supposed at the time
was true, which affected a warm personal friend
of my awn, formerly a member of this body,
declaring that he had joined the enemies of his.
country, and evidence was brought forward
that he had subscribed some two hundred dol-
lars to establish a newspaper to.aid the south-
ern cause, and that he had left Missouri and
had gone over into the enemy's lines. Even
my colleague, (Mr. Bayard,) a member of the
Judiciary Committee at that time, was betrayed
into the belief that that was the fact, and joined
m the report. And yet, sir, I know the fact
that on the very day that resolution passed the
Senate of the United States, that gentleman
was living quietly in the State of Missouri, at
the house of a friend, had taken no part in any
movement against the United States, and never
did subscribe one dollar to establish a paper
to aid the confederates. It is true that in 1860,
during a political canvass, he subscribed $200
to establish a Democratic newspaper, and that
fact was used to found upon it the charge that
he had given $200 to establish a paper to aid
the confederates, and that he had gone over
the linos and joined the enemy. Sir, I have
seen that Senator since, and I know the fact •
that at that time he was quietly living in the
interior of Missouri, ana had done no act
against the Government. Well, sir, gentle-
men honestly believed that was true. Now
gentlemen may honestly believe that this is
true, that the attempt upon the life of the Em-
peror of Russia was made by an enemy of
emancipation. I want to know the facts. I
am willing to vote for the resolution ; I con-
demn the act as much as anybody else; but I
want to be informed of the truth of the alle-
gation that it was done by an enemy of eman-
cipation. Why, sir, it seems, nowadays, that
no crime can be committed, that no law can
be violated, that no moral principle can be
outraged, but that it is some slaveholder that
does it, or some friend of slavery, some enemy
to emancipation! If it bo true that the act
was done by an enemy to emancipation, we can
readily be informed of that fact. Being in-
formed of that fact, I will as readily vote for
the resolution with that clause in as with it
out; but I want to know whether I am voting
for a fact. I therefore move the amendment.
_ Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it is impos-
sible for the Senate of the United States on this
occasion to send out a commission to Russia in
order to ascertain the precise facts in this historic
case. Sir, it is a historic case, to be adjudged
by the rules of history and not according to the
practice of a justice's court. 1 do not think the
Senator will expect that we shall introduce wit-
nesses on the floor on this occasion to prove
what the Senator requires. Suffice it to say,
sir, that the same testimony which tells us that
the attempt to take the life of the Emperor was
made, discloses also the character of the assas-
sin. The Senator from Delaware must doubt
that the attempt has been made, if he doubts
the attempt was made by an enemy of emanci-
pation. The same report that announces one
fact announces the other; and if the Senator
sets aside one fact he must set aside the other.
They both, stand on the same authority. I pre-
sume, therefore, that the House of Representa-
tives, from whom this resolution proceeded,
went on the original report as it came to us
from Europe, even from the Russian author-
ities ; they did not go behind that; and assum-
ing that the attempt was made, they went fur-
ther and assumed that the same'authority which
declared that the attempt was made was truth-
ful when it disclosed the character of the author
of the attempt. I do not think that the Senate
can go behind that.
Mr. SAULSBURl. I do not desire that this
body should send out a commissioner or that
they should introduce witnesses upon the floor
of the Senate; but the Russian minister resides
in this city ; if it be a fact he knows of it; he
has information from his Government dis-
closing all the Circumstances of this matter.
It will not injure this resolution, it will not
spoil the eompliment, if compliment it bo, to
wait for one day until the fact can be ascer-
tained. Now, sir, I am just informed by my
friend on my left, the-Senator from West Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Vak Winkle,] that the papers
stated last evening that the man who made this
attempt on the life of the Emperor was a hypo-
chondriac. Here are conflicting statements. It
may be that the offender was some crazy man,
that does not know what emancipation means;
and we are called upon solemnly to send to the
Emperor of Russia our regrets at an attempt
upon his life by an enemy of emancipation,
which, perhaps, when it gets there will be all
news to him. What would he think if it was
to turn out that the person was not really an
enemy to emancipation, but was some crazy
monomaniac that attempted his life, as was the
man who attempted the life of General Jack-
son ? He would laugh at our folly.
If gentlemen are satisfied to vote in the dark,
or if they have information on this subject that
satisfies their minds that this was done by an
enemy of emancipation, let them so vote. I
cannot vote for any such fact. I do not know
it; I doubt it. It may be true or it may be
false. I will not say that I doubt it. I have
no opinion about it. I have seen no evidence
of it. The latest news states that the man was
a monomaniac, as I understand. It is for this
reason that I made the suggestion to the Sen-
ate that before a resolution goes solemnly from
the Congress of the United States stating a
fact, the Congress of the United States ought
to be satisfied that the statement is true. That
is my object, and my only object.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
see that it is very material to go into an inquiry
respecting the particular facts connected with
the attempted assassination of the Emperor
of Russia. We are acting on the evidence
brought to us by foreign journals. That is the
best evidence we can have at present; and
whether it is in all respects perfectly accurate,
I regard as entirely immaterial. That an
attempt has been made upon the life of that
most excellent, and magnanimous prince, Alex-
ander II, of Russia, is, I suppose, beyond all
doubt; and I shall, for one, vote for this reso-
lution with a great deal of pleasure. He hap-
pens to be one of the very few of the princes
of Europe who has maintained his position of
firm friendship to the Union and his attach-
ment to the success of our great cause; and I
feel, for one, that this resolution is but a fair,
reasonable expression of the gratitude of the
nation for the high, heroic stand which has
been taken by that Emperor toward our own
country. I hope the resolution will pass with-
out this amendment. I regard the mere fact
implied in the mere reciting part of it as im-
material to the real purpose which we liave
in view. Our great object is to express our
respect for that prince.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall say one word
more, and then I shall not detain the Senate
further on this subject. There have been fre-
quent attempts made in Russia heretofore to
assassinate sovereigns, but it has neveT been
alleged on any former occasion that the attempt
at assassination was done by an enemy of eman-
cipation or by persons in favor of retaining a
portion of the people as serfs. What right have
we to assert that this arises from an opposition
to emancipation, when it seems to be rather
approved in Russia to attempt tlie assassination
of a sovereign ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Del-
aware to amend the resolution by striking out
the words " by an enemy of emancipation."
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the joint resolution be
read a third time; it was read the third time and
bill introduced.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained,, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
S10) to change the place of holding the courts
of the United States for the northern district
of Mississippi; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
approval of a joint resolution.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President of the United States
had approved and signed, on the 7th instant, a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) extending the
time for the completion of the Union Pacific
railway, eastern division.
asiatic cholera.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 110) to prevent the introduc-
tion of the cholera into the ports of the United
States, have directed me to report it back with
an amendment in the nature of a substitute,
and I ask for its immediate consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Commerce report the jointresolution
with an amendment to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof a
substitute. The substitute alone will be read
unless the reading of the original resolution is
asked for by some Senator.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted in lieu of the original resolution, as
follows:
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War,
with the cooperation of the Secretary of the Navy
and the Secretary of the Treasury, whose concurrent
action shall be directed by the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy, to cause a rigid quarantine
against the introduction into this country of the
Asiatic cholera through its ports of entry whenever
the same may be threatened by tho prevalence of
said disease in countries having direct commercial
intercourse with the United States.
Second. That he shall also enforce the establish-
ment of sanitary cordons to prevent the spread of
said disease from infected districts adjacent to or
within the limits of the United States.
Third. That said Secretaries are hereby authorized
to use tho means at their command to carry out the
foregoing provisions.
Fourth. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of State to open a correspondence with the foreign
Powers whose proximity to the United States will
endanger the introduction of Asiatic .cholera into
this country through their ports and territory, solicit-
ing their cooperation with this Government in such
efforts to prevent theintroduction and spread of said
disease.
Mr. CLARK. That resolution is a very gen-
eral statement, and I shall be glad to hear from
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
what is proposed to be done under it, and what
is the plan, if there is any, before the com-
mittee.
Mr. CHANDLER. The intention is to estab-
lish a uniform system of quarantine throughout
tho whole country. The proposition is drawn
with very great care, and is deemed by the most
eminent physicians of the United States to be
an efficient plan. We have had before the com-
mittee some of the most eminent surgeons of
the country; among others, the quarantine sur-
geons of New York; and tie intention is to
make the system uniform throughout the Uni-
ted States, and place power in tho hands of the
Secretaries to enforce it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator from
Michigan the meaning of that part of the reso-
lution which declares that the Secretary of War
and the Secretary of the Navy shall use the
means at their command to cnforce these pro-
visions. Does that mean that they shall use
military power, the Army and the Navy, to
enforce quarantine?
Mr. CHANDLER. They are to employ the
vessels at their command, and all the powers
at their command may be used, if necessary.
I suppose that in the case of New Orleans, or
any southern port where soldiers are employed,
and it may be necessary to use them as a guard,
they could be used under this resolution. lit
