1866.
"THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
other words, all the powers at the command of
the Secretaries may be used at their discretion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Can they declare martial
law?
Mr. CHANDLER. They may use any power
requisite to stop the cholora.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would rather have
the cholera than such a proposition as this.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me that this res-
olution is nothing more than making the Sec-
retary of War and the Secretary of the Navy
and others a board of health for the whole
country, with the resources of the "whole coun-
try at their command to carry it out. I am
m very slow, the first morning that the report
comes to us, to vote for any such resolution.
I think we had better consider it. We had
better have some plan. I think the resolution
had better go over until the committee can tell
us more about it. It may be right; it may be
that something will be necessary to be done to
establish some uniform system of quarantine;
but I think the system should be pretty well
developed before we place such great powers
in the hands of any person. I think it is hardly
necessary to do so. There is certainly no such
haste about it that we need pass this resolution
on the morning it is reported, without some
consideration or some information as to what
the plan is. It is said the resolution is drawn
with very great care ; and it may be as to its
wording; but nobody seems to be able to tell
us what.the scope of it is, or what is contem-
■ plated. It may be a unifornfi system of quar-
antine, but what kind of a quarantine, where
established, how rigid? What do they propose
by it? T doubt whether it is desirable. It is
suggested to me that these Secretaries can do
anything under the resolution. I have no doubt
they can, but I doubt whether it is desirable to
give them that power at once. I think we had
belter consider it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator has had
this identical resolution on his desk since the
6th day of March last., and if he does not know
anything about it, it is time that he did. If the
resolution is of any use at all, it-is of immedi-
ate importance. If it is not of any use, kill it.
We have had, as I said, before the Committee
on Commerce the most eminent surgeons in
the United States, and on consultation with
those eminent surgeons and in consultation
with the heads of Departments we have intro-
duced this resolution. Put it over if you like;
but if it is of importance at all, it is of impor-
tance now. The cholera is in New York har-
bor to-day. I do not think it will land; I hope
not; but it may. You can wait a month: you
can wait until the middle of July; you can wait
until next December. If the Senator could
not learn what this resolution means between
the 6lh of March and the 8th day of May, it
takes him a great while to learn. That is all
I have to say about it. It has lain on his desk
the whole time ever since the 6th of March.
Mr. CLARK. I have always found that
when a man forsakes his argument to attack a
person he confesses the weakness of his cause.
It may be true in this case. Now, it may be
that this resolution has lain upon my desk, and
it may be that it has been lying on the desk of
every Senator in the Chamber; but you know,
Mr. President, and all Senators know, that it
is not usual for Senators to pick up the bills
and resolutions that are laid on our tables, and
examine them seriatim, and we do not care to
see what their provisions are until our atten-
tion is called to them by some committee that
reports upon them, and then, when a bill or
resolution comes up and is read,at your table,
we listen to it, we hear its provisions, and we
begin to think about it. It is not strange that
after a man hears it read at the table in that
way, when he sees that it has such sweeping
powers that it goes from one end of the coun-
try to the other, and puts all the resources of
the Government into the hands of this commis-
sion, he should say, "You had better be care-
ful, you had better wait."
Now, the Senator from Michigan may desire
to push this resolution through, and for aught
I know he may be in such fear of the cholera
being in New York that he thinks he can pre-
vent it by a sanitary regulation of this kind;
but I do not quite so apprehend, nor do I ap-
prehend that we are in so mueh danger that we
should be justified in passing a resolution of
this kind for any reason of that sort.
The Senator says that if we choose to put it
over, we can do so. That is very important
information; it is very important information
that the Senate can put a measure over when
they choose. I had learned that some time ago.
I supposed they could do so if they thought
well, even in regard to a measure which was
reported from the Committee on Commerce.
The suggestion I made was, whether it had not
better lie on the table for one day until we can
have some development of the plan, until we
can consider the scope of what is proposed, and
see what is best to be done. I am not alone in
that particular, and the Senator need not show
quite so much feeling in regard to me, because
I heard Senators around me say, " It is better
to put that over and consider it." I have no
personal choice about it; I only desire that we
should not legislate in such hot haste upon such
grave and important matters.
Mr,- CHANDLER. As I said a moment
ago, the Committee on Commerce have had
this subject under consideration for more than
two months; they have consulted many emi-
nent surgeons ; they have thoroughly consid-
ered the joint resolution ; but in regard to this,
as in regard to many other projects that came
before the body, wo met with opposition
from men who had given the subject no con-
sideration. It is under the control of the Sen-
ate ; if the Senate sees fit to postpone or to
defeat it, it is a matter of no concern to the
Committee on Commerce or to myself any
more than it is to any other man in the United
States. As 1 have said before, we have con-
sulted the most eminent surgeons in the Uni-
ted States; we have had before us the health
officers from New York, Baltimore, and Phil-
adelphia; the provisions of the joint resolu-
tion have been thoroughly considered; and
now the Senator from New Hampshire wants
some plan proposed. We have proposed a
plan. We propose to place this power in the
hands of the heads of Departments, to be exer-
cised at their discretion. I simply ask for a
vole on the subject, and it is immaterial to me
whether the Senate postpones it till to-morrow
or kills it. I only say we have thoroughly con-
sidered it.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope this measure will
not be acted upon to-day. As I understand,
its effect will be to bring on a collision between
the Federal authorities and the State authori-
ties. I suppose if it goes into operation its
etfcct will be to supersede the quarantine reg-
ulations of the State of New York over the
harbor of New York; to take the power of the
State of New York out of the hands of the
officers appointed by that State, their board
of- health, their officers of quarantine, their
efficient regulations, and place them all in the
hands of the Federal authorities. _ If that is
to be the effect of the joint resolution it had
better be considered a little before it is adopted.
I move that it be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope not. I hope it
will be acted upon now, and either rejected or
passed.
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps it is not very impor-
tant whether the Senate acts upon this question
to-day or to-morrow; but before the Senate
votes to postpone action upon it at all, I should
like to make a suggestion. I do not think it
will be the practical operation of this joint res-
olution to bring about a collision between the
authorities of the United States and those of
any State or any municipality. We understand
that there is a general desire that there should
be a uniform system of quarantine established ;
that is, a system of quarantine established which
should be uniform at all ports aud at all points
of entrance. It is said that an effective quar-
antine before the harbor of New York is really
of no considerable practical' value to New York
itself, if the ports of, Philadelphia and' Boston
and N ew Haven are ieft without any.system of
quarantine. And it is said, too,' that quaAti-
tiue regulations established for all these porta
do not protect the United States nor those sev-
eral cities against the introduction of those
diseases which are said, upon the authority of
medical gentlemen, to be portable diseases.
They pronounce that this disease of eholera is
aportable disease, and can be transfeared from
one point to another, and althdugh you may
establish a mosteffeetive quarantine before each,
of the ports to which I have alluded, yet it-may
be brought into some port on the Gulf, soma
port on the Mississippi, or o"ver some railway
connecting us with the Canadas. Now, it is
very evident that the authority of the State of
New York is confined to her own limits in
establishing these regulations, and however
effective they may be within those limits, they
are useless, unless the regulations are just a3
effective in other States.
Mr. GRIMES. Permit me to make an in-
quiry. Is it contemplated by the Committee
on Commerce that there shall bo quarantine
established on the various railroads connecting
this country with Canada, at Niagara falls, at
Portland, and at the other termini of these
roads; that there shall be the same quarantine
regulations established at these various points
that are established at New York.
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps not that every provis-
ion shall be made in a small port as in a large
port, but there shall be the same system ; that
is, the regulations adopted to keep a suspected
vessel out of New York shall be adopted to
keep a suspected vessel out of every other port.,
but the measures necessary to protect a small
port against the entrance of a suspected ship
may be different at different points. I do not
know how that is. It is very evident that if
we are to have a uniform system, it must be
provided by the national authority, or by com-
pact, agreement between the different States
or different municipalities in the several States.
Whether the United States will undertake to
secure this uniformity, is a question that we
have got to pass upon. Something we have
done in that direction already. We have passed
certain bills which tend to charge us with the
care "of the health of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. What are they? _
Mr. HOWE. Such as appropriating certain
vessels of the Navy to this work, dedicating
certain ships for this purpose. If you will have
a uniform system you can only have it by the
national intervention. That seems to mo very
certain; and medical gentlemen agree in the
testimony that a system which is not uniform
is of no sort of value; and it was said to the
committee that if the United States would
undertake the work of providing a uniform
system for all its ports and all its avenues our
neighbors in Canada would conform to it and
establish just such an effective system there,
and the same system that we have here, so that
there shall be no favoritism shown to one port
over another, either in the different States of
this country or in the neighboring States. I
do not understand that any arrangements have
been made with our neighbors to the south in
Mexico; and if no arrangement can be made
wilh them we shall have to protect our south-.
em border when it becomes necessary.
Mr. GRIMES. I think I am not open to the
rebuke of the Senator from Michigan, that I
have not examined this bill. I read it several
days ago, and I am as ready to vote upon it
now as I shall be at any future time; and if the
committee are anxious that it should be taken
up, I am willing that it should come up and I
am prepared to vote against it. I do not rec-
ognize the obligation on the part of Congress
that beeausc certain physicians in the city of
New York believe that it is necessary that ther«
should be a cordon established in order to keej
the cholera away from this country, therefore
we shall be justified in abandoning all the pow-
ers of Congress into the hands of a commb
sion and in conferring upon the Secretary of
