1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
is taken. _ It is true the communication may be
presented in the House of Representatives; but
then it may be that the House would find noth-
ing in tliat communication to change their opin-
ion in regard to the bill, when the Senate might
think otherwise and might change its action if
it had the subject before it. I suppose that
whether the bill passes to-day or to-morrow
can make little or no difference so far as the bill
is concerned. It really seems to me that when
the Governor of a State, the people of which
are interested in a bill, asks an opportunity to
allow them to be heard, and asks for that pur-
pose only a delay for a few hours, it would be
but proper, unless some public interest is to be
defeated by it, that that request should be com-
plied with. 1 make the suggestion with no pur-
pose of defeating the bill—I have no such pur-
Eose ; I have said all I propose to say about the
ill—but merely that the Senate should be in
a situation to decide understanding^ on the
whol^.matter. It may be that there are matters
connected with this subject, as far as relates to
South Carolina, of which the Senate now know
nothing, that would, if we had them before us,
change the views of the Senate in some respects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not be too late
for the. Senator from Maryland, to move a re-
consideration to-morrow if he wishes to do so,
in case the bill be now passed and there shall
be found to be anything in this communication
requiring it. All there is about it is that some
gentleman who has arrived here in the city of
Washington tells us that he has got a commu-
nication from the Governor of South Carolina in
regard to the abandoned lands there, and he
asks Congress to delay its public business and
postpone a measure which has been considered
For two weeks, that he may have a letter pub-
lished. The letter, I understand, is not ad-
dressed to Congress. I presume it is a very
valuable letter ; I should like to see it; I should
like to get all the information I can. I have
not seen the letter, but I am informed by the
person who brines it here that he has a letter
addressed to the President. It is not addressed
to Congress. When he applied to me I told
him that if he would furnish me a copy of the
letter I would have it read in the Senate, but
he informed me that as it was not an official
letter, addressed to Congress, he did not feel
justified in doing so. I see no reason for de-
laying the legislation of Congress on any such
assumption. This is not a finality. I under-
stand that the letter, whatever it is, is to be
published, and the Senator can move a recon-
sideration to-morrow ; or if there is anything
in the letter worthy of consideration, the other
House can consider it. This, I think, to say
the least of it, is not a very modest request to
lay before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Iam very sorry to differ
from the honorable Senator from Illinois. Per-
haps I am as little likely to be immodest as he
is. I am not sure that I have done anything
that would justify the honorable Senator in
saying th'at the request I make is not a mod-
est one. It is a request merely that we should
defer final action until the State of South Car-
olina through its Governor shall bo heard. It
is true—I was aware of that—that a motion to
reconsider can be made in the morning: but as
I do not propose to vote for the bill, I do not
like to vote for it merely for the purpose of
being in a position to be able to move a recon-
sideration. I have no objection, however, to
the course suggested by the honorable Senator
if he will agree to-morrow morning to move a
reconsideration. The Senator will vote for the
bill, and if he will move a reconsideration, I
shall be satisfied.
Mr. CONNESS. I will do that for the Sen-
ator.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well, then; I have
no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is due to myself to
say that in using the words "modest request,"
I did not intend to apply my remark to the Sen-
ator from Maryland. I applied it to the request
that came from the agent.
Mr. CONNESS. I so understood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think my words
would have justified that application. I cer-
tainly made no such application. I thought it
was not, to say the least, a very modest request
on the part of the agent who came here with a
letter addressed to the President of the United
States to come to members of the Senate and
ask them not to pass a bill until he could have
that letter published, and laid before them,
when it was not a letter addressed to Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am perfectly satisfied.
I should not have supposed that the honorable
member intended any slight to me, but I thought
it barely possible that it might be understood
otherwise by persons within the hearing of the
honorable Senator. I know him well enough
to know that he is incapable of offering any of-
fense designedly to any member of the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 37, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown. Chandler. Clark,
Conriois, Crasin, Creswell, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris. Henderson, How-
ard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, JVIomil, Norton, Nye,Poland, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Sherman. Spragae, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, Y'an Winkle, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
y af.es—37.
A YS—Messrs. Bneknlew, Davis, Gnthfie, Hend-
ricks. Johnson. McDougall, lliddfe, Saulsbury, Stock-
ton, and Wright—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, N esmlth, and Wiliey—3.
« So the bill was passed.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If no amend-
ment bo proposed to the title of the bill, it will
stand as reported, namely: a bill to enlarge the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the title by
substituting this for it: a bill to appropriate a
portion of the public land in some ot the south-
ern States and to authorize the United States
Government to purchase lands to supply farms
and build houses upon them for the freed ne-
groes ; to promote strife and conflict between
the white and black races; and to invest the
Preedmen' s Bureau with unconstitutional pow-
ers to aid and assist the blacks, and to intro-
duce military power to prevent the Commis-
sioner and other officers of said bureau from
being restrained or held responsible in civil
courts for their illegal acts in rendering such aid
and assistance to the blacks; and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDENTjoro tempore. In the opin-
ion of the Chair, the proposed amendment is
not in order. The Chair will state that the
original title of the bill will stand as the title,
unless objected to.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Chair to intimate on
what ground the amendment is not in order.
Why is the proposition to amend the title which
I have proposed not in order?
'The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. The Chair
thinks that the proposed amendment is not in
order, as it is inconsistent with the character
of the bill, in effect pronouncing it unconstitu-
tional; pronouncing it a bill to promote strife,
sedition, and tumult; it is certainly derogatory
to the Senate, a reproach to its members, to
have passed such a bill. If the Senate so un-
derstood it, they would not have passed it.
The proposed title of the bill is not consistent
with its provisions as understood by the Sen-
ate, and as the Chair is bound to understand
it—it is not descriptive of its true character.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not know that it was in
the competency of the Chair to decide that
question. I supposed that if the Senate thought
such was the character of the amendment the
Senate would vote it down: that is the func-
tion of the Senate to decide that matter, and
not the function of the Presiding Officer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is cer-
tainly competent for the Senator to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair. _ Ihe
Chair is very happy to say that its decision is
not final.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand that the
Chair has the right to make any such decision,
and for that reason I do not make any such
appeal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe there is noth-
ing before the Senate. I move that the——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The ques-
tion is on the title of the bill. The Chair does
not mean to cut off any Senator from having
his views brought in full before the Senate, and
decided by the Senate, instead of being cut off
by any decision of the Chair.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think .the opinion (if
the Chair has been well pronaupeed. The
Chair is the representative of the dignity of tlie
Senate, and is to say what becomes the body.
This is a matter that concerns our own dignity
as Senators. The Chair has well pronounced.
The suggestion that is involved in the amend-
ment is an insult to the action of the Senate:
or if not an insult it is at least offensive. It
was therefore well adjudged by the Presiding
Officer that it is not within the rules of order,
because it is the business of the officer who
presides over this body to see that the digflity
of the body is maintained at all times.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe that matter is
disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is yet upon the title of the bill. Unles3
objection be made the title will stand as reported
by the committee. That stands as the title.
PROTECTION 01? CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of ilaejaill
(S. No. 61) to protect all persons in the Uni-
ted States in their civil rights and furnish the
means of their vindication.
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose to object to
the taking up of that bill at the present time,
but I wish to remind the Senate that on the
tenth day of this month I had the honor to in-
troduce a joint resolution, and was allowed by
the Senate to submit some comments upon it.
That is not a very unusual procedure. There
have been since that time, however; two or three
speeches made in opposition to the resolution.
It has not yet reached the committee. The
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] on the
day succeeding that on which I introduced the
resolution, spoke upon it, and at the close of^
his remarks I took the floor with the view of
submitting some brief reply. Senators about me
asked me to give "way to a motion to adjourn,
and reluctantly I did so. On the next day, it
will be remembered, the Senator from Maryland
was obliged to bo out of town, and at his- re-
quest I postponed the consideration of the res-
olution that he might be present when I did
attempt the reply which I contemplated. Be-
fore his return the bill which has just been •
passed by the Senate intervened, and since that
time I have not ventured to ask the Senate to
renew the consideration of that resolution. I
rise now for the purpose of saying that tcr-mor-
row at one o' clock I shall ask the Senate to take
up that resolution and allow me to submit some
remarks in reply to the Senator from Maryland,
and also to my colleague, and then I shall be
entirely willing that it shall go to the commit-
tee, as I proposed in the first instance, or that
any other disposition may be made of it which
the Senate shall see fit to make. I shall not
object, of course, to the taking up of the bill
of the Senator from Illinois at the present
time, but I hope to-morrow he will not m-ake
any objection to the request which I now sub-
mit.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I think that after the time
we have devoted to-day and heretofore to the
bill just disposed of, the Senator from Illinois
ought to aliow us to adjourn now without taking
up°any more of his bills. 1 move tbat the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not until we get
this bill up. The bill is not yet up. Let the
bill come up. and then I shall not object.
The PRESIDENT pro lempore. The motion
of the Senator from Kentucky is that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. GUTHRIE. J withdraw it if the Senator
from Connecticut -wishes to press his motion.
