3406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move that the House
still further insist upon its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, and request a com-
mittee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
evening sessions for foreign affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Resolved, That the evening of Monday, the 2il of
July, and each subsequent evening until thebusiness
is disposed of, be specially assigned to the consider-
ation of reports of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
upon the several subjects referred to them by the
Housb of Representatives.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Except the even-
ing of the 4th of July.
Mr." BANKS. Of course that will be ex-
cepted.
Mr. MORRILL. I object to anything which
will be in the way of the tariff bill.
Mr. BANKS. The intention is to occupy
the evening sessions for the consideration of
the reports of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs and not trespass upon the business of day
sessions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am opposed to evening
sessions.
Mr. BANKS. I will not press the resolution
n0w' george faber.
Mr. ECKLE Y, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of George Faber;
which was read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee on Patents.
bridge across the missouri river.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river,
and declaring the same a post route; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
benjamin moore dovk.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Moore Dove; which was read a first and sec-
ond time and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
court of claims.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to further extend the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims; which was read a
first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
eliza f. mooriiead.
Mr. MOORHEAD asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Eliza F. Moorhead.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint resolu-
tion of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 162) for the
relief of Charles M. Blake.
salt lake and columbia river railroad.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road be discharged from the further consider-
ation of Senate bill No. 386, granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Salt Lake City to the Colum-
bia river, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Public Lauds.
Mr. SPALDING objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
Mr. WENTWORTH renewed the objection.
john t. taylor.
Mr. LOAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of John T. Taylor,
late postmaster at Gallatin, Missouri; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
•tonatiiajf w. beach.
Mr. TAYLOR asked unanimous consent to
report, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, a bill for the relief of Jonathan W,
Beach.
Mr. ELDRIDGE objected.
mail routes in california.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish certain mail routes
in the State of California; which was read a
first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
southern overland mail route.
Mr. BIDWELL. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on thePost Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of reestablishing the southern overland
mail route from San Francisco, via Los Angelos, Fort
Yuma and Fort Smith, to Memphis, in accordance
with the accompanying resolutions, adopted January
20, 1866, by the Legislature of California, and that
the said committee have leave to report at any time.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. RADFORD,
(at fouro'clock andfifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e„ were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of A. E. Damas,
of Austin, Texas, for relief.
Also, of Mrs. Mary A. Palmer, of P.amplin's Depot,
Virginia, for relief.
Also, of Mrs. Cynthia Mullins, of Shelby, North
Carolina, for relief.
Also, of F. It. Tatt, T. Witherill, and others, citi-
zens ot St. Joseph county, Indiana, for just and equal
laws for the regulation of inter-State insurances.
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of A. F. McMillan,
and thirty-six others, praying for the establishment
of a public park tor tho use of the people of Wash-
ington and Georgetown.
By Mr. BRADFORD: Tho memorial of ex-Gov-
ernor Evans, of Colorado, asking for the payment of
Colorado militia.
l!v Mr. HALE: The memorial of Dorence Atwater,
of Terryvilfe, Connecticut, praying for redress of
grievances sustained at the hands ot a court-martial.
Also, the memorial of Eli Terry, and others, of
Terryvilfe, Connecticut, praying for redress of griev-
ances of Dorence Atwater,
Also, two petitions of citizens of Clinton county,
New York, praying for repeal of an act to establish
a post road from West Alburg, Vermont, to Cham-
plain, New York.
By Mi. HENDERSON: A petition from physi-
cians, ofScio, Oregon, praying for a reduction of the
tax on alcohol.
By Mr. KELLEi': The petition of the merchants
of the city of Washington, asking that the pillar-
boxes used for the reception of mail matter on street
corners be made more secure, a.nd suitable not only
for the reeeption of valuable letters but newspapers,
pamphlets, and magazines.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praying, for an
increase of duties on foreign imports.
Also, tho petition of citizens of Venango county,
Pennsylvania, praying that an appropriation bo
made for Edwin L.Drake, the original discoverer of
petroleum.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Theodore C. Haw-
kins, of Sheboygan county, Wisconsin, for a pension.
By Mr. SCOMELD: The petition ot citizens of
New York, forthe relief of Edwin L. Drake.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of L. C. Wright,
F. B. Baker, and 02 others, asking that suitable pro-
visions bo made to_ prevent United States pension
agents from deducting any fee from payments made
to pensioners; and protesting against allowing Uni-
ted States pension agents a tee tor preparing papers
and administering oaths.
Also, the petition of Samuel C. Shepherd, asking
an American register for the bark R. W. Griffiths.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 2G, 1SGG.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
leave of absence.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. A few days since
I asked leave of absence for the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Lane.] I have received this
morning a telegram from his physician at St.
Louis, stating that he is unable to reach the
city, and will not probably be here during the
remainder of the session. I move that the
leave of absence may be extended for the resi-
due of the present session. I have the tele-
gram with me.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
Horace L. Emory, to whom letters-patent were
granted February 22, 1852, for improvements
in the endless-chain horse power, praying for
an extension of that patent; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. COW AN presented the petition of W.
H. Singer, F. D. Harton, Frederick Haas, and
a large number of other citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, praying that the tariff law may be so
amended as to protect American labor to the
extent of the difference of the cost of capital
and labor here and abroad, with the addition
of the taxes paid by American industrial prod-
ucts from which the foreign are free; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of Mrs. Amelia Feaster, which is accompanied
by an autograph letter from General Grant,
one from General Howard, one from General
Schriver, and letters from other officers of the
Army. It presents a ease of very peculiar
merit on the part of this lady, who not only
sacrificed her property in aiding our soldiers
when imprisoned in South Carolina, but who
was really driven away from there, and she
prays to lie reimbursed for money expended
by her in alleviating the condition of Union
troops while in rebel prisons. It presents a
very strong case for her relief which I hope
will be promptly granted. I move that, the
memorial with the accompanying papers be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the
ease of A. J. Campbell be withdrawn from the files
of the Senate and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (H. R. No. 379) to establish in the District
of Columbia a reform school for boys, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. BUCKALEW, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 123) for the relief of
Elizabeth Woodward and George Chorpen-
ning, of Pennsylvania, reported it with amend-
ments.
cuyahoga river bridge.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
the Columbus and Toledo Railroad Company,
praying that they may be allowed to construct
a bridge across the Cuyahoga river, have had
it under consideration, and have instructed me
to report a joint resolution (S. R. No. 113) for
the construction of a railroad bridge across
the Cuyahoga river, over and upon the Gov-
ernment piers at Cleveland, Ohio; and, with
the consentof the Senate, I will ask immediate
action upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution on the day it is reported.
Mr. CONNESS. If this resolution will con-
sume any time I shall be compelled to object
Mr. CHANDLER. It will occupy bqt a
moment. It will take only the time necessary
to read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a mere local matter,
and there can be no objection to it.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read twice by its title, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of War to permit
the Cleveland and Toledo Railroad Company,
and the Cleveland and Pittsburg Railroad Com-
pany, jointly, or either of those companies, for
their joint or separate use, to erect a swing-
bridge over and upon the Government piers for
the passage of cars across'the Cuyahoga river,
at the city of Cleveland, Ohio, upon such plan
as shall be hereafter approved by the city
