APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 22,
Senate & Ho. op Eeps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39tii Cong....1st Sisss.
rebels still held Richmond as the capital of
their so-called confederate government, and the
semblance of State government existed in Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, and Texas,
while a strong military force occupied a con-
siderable portion of Arkansas and Louisiana.
Their principal army, under its favorite com-
mander, General Lee, defended with undaunted
front impregnable positions around Petersburg
and Richmond. Another army, under Genenu
Hood, was moving north, with purpose to in-
vade Tennessee and Kentucky. West of the
Mississippi, a large force, under General Kirby
Smith, threatened Arkansas, Kansas, and Mis-
souri. The chief sea-ports of the rebel States
■—Wilmington, Charleston, Savannah, and Mo-
bile—were strongly garrisoned and fortified,
and our blockading squadrons were unable to
prevent trade and supplies reaching the enemy.
Pirate steamers, built in foreign ports for rebel
cruisers, armed, manned, equipped, and sup-
plied by foreign capital, roamed the high seas,
burning our ships and destroying our commerce.
Marauders, hired by the rebel government and
harbored on our northern frontier, were setting
on foot piratical expeditions against our com-
merce on the lakes, planning to burn and plun-
der our towns and cities, and were plotting mur-
der against the President and Vice President of
the United States, in hopes ""of overthrowing
our Government by anarchy. Faith in their
final success and hope of open recognition by
foreign Governments still animated leading
traitors.
J?ut. now the approaching session of Congress
will find t he authority of the Federal Government
effectually and peacefully exercised over the
whole territory of the United States. All the
armies heretofore arrayed against the national
Government have laid down their arms, and sur-
rendered as prisoners of war. Every hostile
banner has been hauled down; the so-called
confederate government is overthrown ; its
president is a prisoner in close custody, await-
ing trial; while its vice president and' three of
its chief executive officers have been recently
enlarged from prison by your clemency. Ail
the ordinances, laws, and organizations created
or existing under or by virtue of the so-called
confederate government have been swept away,
and, by your sanction, the people of the insur-
gent States have organized, or are busily en-
gaged in organizing, Stale governments, in sub-
ordination to the Federal authority, hi harmony
with this new condition of affairs, the military
force of the Federal Government has been
reduced, large armies disbanded, and nearly a
million of bravo men, lately soldiers in arms,
paid and honorably mustered out ol'serviee, have
gone from camps, garrisons, and posts to their
homes, and most of them arc engaged already
in the peaceful pursuits of civil life.
Among the causes which, under divine Prov-
idence, have brought about these wonderful re-
sults, successful military operations stand first
in order.
A clear comprehension of these operations
requires a brief glance at the military position
just^ before the spring campaigns of 1804.
Notwithstanding the successful campaigns
on the Mississippi in 1803, by the reduction of
Vicksburg and Port Hudson, severed in twain
the rebel territory and restored to us the navi-
gation and commerce of the Mississippi, while
the victory at Gettysburg drove back the rebel
invaders from the northern States, yet the mili-
tary strength of th e rebels continued formidable.
The army of Virginia, under General Lee, re-
covered from its disaster at Gettysburg, occu-
pied its former lines in Virginia, protecting the
rebel capital, and holding inactive and in check
the army of the Potomac. Another large
army, under General Bragg, reenforced by
Longstreet's corps, threatened the reconqnest
of Tennessee. After the disastrous battle of
Chickamauga, our army of the Cumberland, j|
shut up and surrounded at Chattanooga, unable !l
to move by reason of the inclemency of the
weather and impassable roads, was iu extreme
jeopardy.
At this discouraging juncture a change of
military organization was made. The depart-
ments of the Ohio, the Tennessee, and the Cum-
berland were united in one military division,
called the division of the Mississippi, under
Major General Grant. Command of the army
of the Cumberland was given to Major General
George H. Thomas, relieving General Rose-
crans. A winter campaign was immediately
directed against Bragg's army. The battles of
Wauhatchie, Lookout Mountain, Missionary
Ridge, and Chattanooga opened our communi-
cations, and routed Bragg's army with heavy
loss. The movement of Longstreet's corps
against Knoxville, to recover East Tennessee,
also proved a disastrous failure to the rebels,
who were driven off and forced back to the
mountains.
In the month of February, 1864, General
Sherman's movement, with a large force, from
Vicksburg, into the interior of the State of Ala-
bama, as far as Meridian, inflicted heavy loss
upon the enemy by the destruction of railroads
and supplies, the capture of prisoners, and the
escape of negroes and refugees. This opera-
tion demonstrated the capacity of an invading
army to penetrate the rebel States and support
itself on the country, and was the forerunner of
the great movements in Georgia.
The arrangements for the spring campaigns
of 1804 were made, on the part of the Govern-
ment, to put forth its strength. In all the bu-
reaus of the War Department supplies were
provided on a scale of great magnitude, to meet
any exigency that could bo foreseen. The esti-
mates were based upon an army organization
of one million men. The States were called
upon to strengthen the armies by volunteers;
new drafts were ordered and put into execution
throughout all the loyal States; vast supplies of
arms, ammunition, clothing, subsistence, medi-
cal stores, and forage were provided and dis-
tributed ill depots, to meet the wants of the
troops wherever they might operate; horses,
mules, wagons, railroad iron, locomotives and
cars, bridge limber, telegraph cable and wire,
and every material for transportation and com-
munication of groat armies under all conditions,
were supplied. Congress, with unstinting hand,
voted largo appropriations for recruiting, pay-
ing, and supplying the troops. The office of
Lieutenant General, to command all the armies,
was created by law. Ulysses S. Grant was
appointed to that rank by the President, and
assumed command, as Lieutenant General, on
the 17th day of March, 1U6-!, from which time
the operations of all the armies were under his
direction.
The national forces engaged in the spring
campaign of 1804 were organized as armies or
distributed in military departments, as follows:
The army of the -Potomac, commanded by
Major General Meade, whoso headquarters
were on the north side of the itapidan. This
army was confronted by the rebel army of
Northern Virginia, stationed on the south side
of the Itapidan, under General Robert 13. Lee.
The Ninth corps, under Major General Burn-
side, was, at the opening of tho campaign, a
distinct organization, but on the i!4th day of
May, 1804, it was incorporated into the army
of the Potomac.
Tho army of the, James was commanded by
Major General Butler, whose headquarters were
at Fortress Monroe.
The headquarters of tho army of tho Shen-
andoah, commanded by Major General Sigel,
were at Winchester.
Three armies were united under Major Gen-
eral William T. Sherman, namely, the army of
the Cumberland, Major General Thomas com-
manding; tho army of the Tennessee, Major
General McPhorson commanding: and the
army of the Ohio, Major General Schofield
commanding. General Sherman's headquar-
ters were at Chattanooga. The effective
strength of these three armies was nearly
100,000 men, and 254 guns, to wit:
Army of the Cumberland, Major General
Thomas' commanding:
Infantry 54.56S
Artillery  2 377
Cavalry 3*828
Total go 733
Number uf guns    X30
Army of the Tennessee, Major General Mc-
Pherson commanding:
Infantry  oo 437
Artillery L.ZZiH U04
Cavalry  624
,, Total... .24,465
Number of guns  9$
Army of the Ohio, Major General Schofield
commanding:
Infantry 11,183
Artillery  679
Cavalry 1,697
Total... 13,559
Number of guns  28
Grand aggregate number of troops 98,797
Grand aggregate number of guns  254
About these figures were maintained during
the campaign; the number of men joining from
furlough and hospitals compensating for the
loss in battle and from sickness.
In the department of Kentucky there was
likewise a large active force, under command
of Major General Burbridge, and also in East
Tennessee, under Major General Stoneman.
Adequate forces were reserved in the depart-
ment of Washington, under Major General
Augur, to protect tho capital and the immense
depots of military supplies at W ashington and
Alexandria, and also in the military depart-
ment under Major General Lewis Wallace, to
cover Baltimore and the important lines of sup-.
ply and communication in that department.
Besides the armies operating actively in the
field, troops were assigned to garrison exposed
and important strategic points, to guard hos-
pitals, recruiting stations, prison camps, sup-
ply depots, railroad lines, and to defend border
States and the northern frontier from rebef raids.
In the department of the South a force was
operating against Charleston and in Fiorida,
under General Gillmoro.
West of the Mississippi the forces were under
the respective departmental commanders. In
tho department of the'Gulf, embracing-Louisi-
ana and Texas, Major General Banks had his
headquarters at Now Orleans. The depart-
ment of Arkansas was in command of Major
General Steele. Major General Curtis com-
manded the troops assigned for the department
of Kansas and the Indian Territory. The troops
in the department of Missouri were under com-
mand of Major General I'osecrans. The de-
fense of the northwestern States and Territories
against Indians, expeditions to check incursions
and reduce hostile tribes, and to protect the
overland route to California, employed a con-
siderable force under Major General Pope, in
the Northwest department, General Carleton in
New Mexico and Arizona, and General Conner
in the Indian Territory. The States and Ter-
ritories on the Pacific coast required but a small
foice, under Major General McDowell.
The headquarters of the Lieutenant General
commanding all the armies were with the army
of the Potomac in the field.
Official reports show that on the 1st of May,
1864, the aggregate national military force of all
arms, officers and men, was 970,710, to wit:
Available force present for duty  662,345
On detached service in tho different military
departments  109,348
In field hospitals or unfit for duty  41,266
In general hospitals or on siek leave at home 75,978
Absent on furlough or as prisoners of war  66,290
Absent without leave  15,483
Grand aggregate !)70,71Q
