18G6.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
members of that committee. I have heard of
some part of the investigations and occur-
rences that happened to that committee, and I
have looked with a great deal of impatience
during the last four months to see their report,
but I have not seen it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to my hon-
orable friend that the testimony which was
taken by that committee is now being pub-
lished. It is in typo and will be before a great
while submitted to his examination.
Mr. GRIMES. I was not so anxious to ob-
tain the testimony; but I desired to ascertain
what the Senator learned from his interviews
with the Indians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We had several inter-
views with the Apaches and the Navajoes, of
New Mexico; and I will state to my honorable
friend that my experience in that country im-
pressed upon my mind the absolute necessity
of having these boards of inspection. I care
not how they are made. If you choose to have
committees from Congress go and make these
examinations annually, I have 110 objection to
that; but I supposed that Congress would not
be willing to consent to that. I am perfectly
satisfied, however, that there should be an
annual and constant supervision and inspec-
tion of Indian affairs more efficient than we
now have.
I will state to my honorable friend from
Iowa one thing that did occur when we were
upon our way through Kansas and New Mex-
ico. When we arrived at the upper bend
of the Arkansas we found that the general
there in command was about ready to start
with fifteen hundred troops to cross the Ar-
kansas river to wage war among the Coman-
ches. We happened to be there just in time
to bring our influence to bear upon him not to
do it. His orders had already been given,
and the troops were coming in and concentrat-
ing to march across the Arkansas and carry
on a war with the Comanclies, the most pow-
erful tribe of Indians in the southwestern coun-
try. We prevailed on him not to do it. It
was suspended, and I have no doubt that by
the suspension of the invasion of that Indian
Teriitoiy by these troops, our presence saved
to the Government along and expensive Indian
war with the Comanches on the south side of
the Arkansas. There are from six thousand
to eight thousand of these Comanche warriors,
well mounted, and if fifteen hundred of our
men had advanced there, they would not have
accomplished any great results or victories over
the Comanches, who, living upon the plains,
would have fled from them until they were
compelled to retire. This would have called
for more troops, and an Indian war would have
been inaugurated with the Comanches which
might have cost the Government ten, fifteen,
or twenty million dollars.
I only refer to that as one incident. I say
there should be some persons authorized by
the Government to look after these matters,
and to look after the military officers as well
the Indian agents. How did the Sioux war
arise in There was a Mormon on his
way to Utah driving along his cattle, and one
of the Sioux Indians killed one of his cattle.
This occurred not far from Fort Laramie. A
young lieutenant was ordered to goto the tribe
and demand the surrender of the Indian who
had killed this ox or cow. The Indians refused
to deliver him up, but they said they would pay
in buffalo skins the value of the cow. Buffalo
skins would not be accepted ; and the lieuten-
ant received positive orders to demand the
surrender of that Indian 011 pain of firing upon
their camp. IIVtook out his watch, holding
it in his hand ten or fifteen minutes, and gave
them so long a time in which to surrender that
Indian. The Indian was not surrendered. He
ordered his men to fire. There were twenty of
them ; and in thirty minutes he and all his.
men were killed and scalped. That is the way
the Sioux war began in 1852, by a miserable
blunder. Up to that time white men and In-
dians had hunted buffalo together all over the
plains, and white men had traveled all over
the plains without being disturbed by the In-
dians.
While I agree with my honorable friend from
California that the proper management of In-
dian affairs depends a great deal upon the per-
sonnel of the men wdio come in contact with
the Indians, the agents andthesuperintendents,
a great deal also depends upon the personnel
of the men who command the troops that are
in the vicinity of the Indians. We learned in
our investigations in reference to the war with
the Navajoes, that so long as a certain officer
—and I speak it to his honor—Major Hen-
dricks, now, I believe, at West Point, was in
command of the Navajo country, there was no
difficulty between the Navajoes and the Mexi-
cans. While he was there with them he had
the sagacity, the prudence, and the good judg-
ment to preserve peace between them and the
whites. But subsequently another officer took
command in the Navajo country. An Indian
coming within the fortifications, receiving some
slight or insult from a negro boy that belonged
to the wife of the officer who was in command
of the fort, let slip an arrow and killed him on
the spot. A demand was made for him on pain
of making war on the Navajo tribe of Indians.
The Indians refused to deliver him up. They
offered, as I learned from testimony there, to
give five thousand sheep by way of indemnity,
but as the man belonged to some of the princi-
pal families of the tribe they refused to deliver
him up. The officer in command said, "No, we
must have this man surrendered or we make
war." They refused to surrender him, and
war was made, and we made two or three cam-
paigns against those Navajoes, and we got
beaten.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no; we captured them
all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not in that year. I say
we made two or three campaigns against them.
We made a campaign against them under Bon-
neville. The Indians took to their great forti-
fication, which was in the valley of thcChclly,
as it is called, a mountain fortress where the
perpendicular side of the mountains rises up a
thousand feet. They lived on the side of the
mountains, and threw down stones on tlje heads
of our troops and drove them out of the valley.
General Canby also entered that valley with
his troops, but he remained there only one
night; he had to retire. They never were sub-
dued until Kit Carson, in the last campaign
under General Carleton, succeeded in captur-
ing these Navajoes. Those Navajo wars have
cost this Government twenty, and probably
thirty, million dollars. It is one of the most
extravagant things in our •whole administration
of government that a simple lieutenant in com-
mand of troops away off on the border, in the
neighborhood of Indians may, on his own mo-
tion, without any orders perhaps from head-
quarters, begin an Indian war and carry it on
for a long time and involve this Government
in millions upon millions of expense, and we
do not know much if anything about it until it
is all over, and then comes in a large appropri-
ation bill, so much for transportation and so
much for commissary supplies, all in one grand
sum of millions upon millions.
Mr. President, what I desire to accomplish
is to have aboard, notpolitical in its character,
which can watch the agents, watch the super-
intendents, and watch the military forces too,
and see how the whole business of Indian af-
fairs is administered. I think if we had our
territory divided into these five districts, and
there was a board in each one of these districts
whose whole business it should be to look after
these things, to do what the third section of
this bill requires them to do, to visit all the
Indian tribes every year, to examine into their
condition and the condition of their farms and
schools,hear their complaints, ascertain whether
our treaty stipulations are kept, 'whether the
goods are properly applied, examine into the
books and accounts of the agent, and see how
the business is transacted, it would be a great
saving of money to the Government, and a
thing of great economy, although it is true that
the real expense which this bill would involve
would be about $50,000 per. annum; $4,000
each for each inspector, ten in number, would
be $40,000. That $40,000 per unnara was in-
tended by the committee to cover their salai-y,
their mileage, and expenses.
If there is any doubt about it, it can be made
plain by adding after the words "$4,000 per
annum," the words il which is to include all
mileage and traveling expenses." That will
make it clear. The officer of the Army who is
to be appointed is to receive no additional pay.
He is to receive his pay proper, and we allow
to that his mileage, just as if he were in the
military service; so that there is that additional
expense that the Government would be put to.
I suppose $50,000 would cover the entire ex-
penses to be incurred by this bill. I have no
doubt whatever that the existence of such a
board, with the power that wo propose to con-
fer upon it, possessing the power to suspend
these agents from office, the power to examine
into their transactions, the power to see whether
the treaty stipulations are carried out and the
goods properly distributed among the Indians,
would of itself have a very beneficial effect over
the whole administration of Indian affairs in
those Territories. That is the purpose and the
desire of the committee.
I will state furthermore that over consulta-
tion with the members of the joint committee
appointed at the last session, they were unan-
imously in favor of the idea contained in the
bill. It was thus submitted to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and I believe received the
unanimous approval of the committee." There
may have been some little disagreement about
the details of the bill, the salaries, or some-
thing of that sort, but the bill as a whole was
unanimously concurred in. I do not wish to
take up the time of the Senate upon it. I have
expressed briefly my views upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a member of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and was present
when this bill was considered, and I gave it my
assent upon this consideration ; I have always
heard it charged since I have had any copnee-
tion with public affairs, that the Indians of the
country were wronged and cheated by traders
and those who had to deal with them. Ever
since I have been a member of Congress, I
have heard imputations against the Commis-
sioners of Indian Affairs. I do not speak of
any particular one, but general imputations
against the Commissioner, sometimes even
reaching as high as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and against the superintendents and the
Indian agents all over the country, until it has
come to be almost a reflection 011 the character
of any man the moment he accepts an Indian
agency. An honest man, it would seem, could
not accept the position of Indian agent without
being suspected at once of having some design
of defrauding or cheating the Government or
the Indians. I do not know how much truth
there is in this. I think such suspicions ought
not to exist. They are very unjust to honest
men, and if they are true, the perpetrators of
these wrongs and outrages ought to be fereted
out.
It has been said that we had no means of
knowing whether these Indian agents were
honest or dishonest; that they acted in fact for
both parties, for the Government of the United
States, and for the Indians with whom they
dwelt; that they furnished them supplies ; and
they were often in company, it was said, with
licensed traders, and made fortunes in that
way. The Indians had no way of knowing
whether they got what they were entitled to
when supplies were furnished thein—flour,
meat, or anything else, whatever it might be.
They were cheated in the weight and never
knew it. If goods were furnished, they were
deceived as to the quantity or the quality of
the goods. They did not know that they were
deceived, and if they did know that they were
deceived, they had no means of communicating
with the Government except through the very
persons who had practiced the fraud upon
them.
