1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing joint resolution reported by the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; which, when ratified by three
'fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, namely: 6
Article —. Representatives and direct taxes shalr
he apportioned among the several States which may
fee included within this Union according to their re-
spective numbers, counting the whole number of per-
sons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed: Pro-
vided, That whenever the elective franchise shall be
'denied or abridged in any State on account of race or
color, all persons therein of such race oreolor shall
be excluded from the basis of representation.
The pending question was ou the motion of
Mr. Lb Bloxd to refer the joint resolution and
pending amendments to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, upon which
Mr. Eldridge was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ELDBIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I will first
express my satisfaction to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] that the sun was
allowed to go down on our deliberations upon
this most important resolution. I confess that
I am one of the gentlemen to whom the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] referred as
being opposed to the amendment of the Consti-
tution. I believe that this is not the time for
its amendment, and I believe, further, thatthere
are other States than those represented upon
this floor which are entitled to deliberate with
us on that question; and to that point I shall
mainly address the remarks which I have to
make "at this time.
Mr. Speaker, the war, wehave been officially
informed, is over. That greatest conflict of
modern days that hung the heavens in black
and moved the world is ended. The graves of
the slain are growing green, and the hearts that
were torn with unutterable anguish are begin-
ning to heal. It is time that the fearful and
malignant passions which were aroused in the
breasts of the opposing parties should be per-
mitted to die: that time, which assuages our
griefs and mitigates our sorrows, should modify
our resentments and cool our anger. It is time,
indeed, when a calm retrospect of all those
bloody and sorrowful days of war and sangui-
nary strife should be taken. The warrior should
be succeeded by the statesman. It should bo
ascertained speedily and accurately where we
are, what wo have accomplished, whither we
have been drifting, and whether the ship of state
is now under the control and guided by the chart
and compass, the Constitution.
There is, perhaps, no better way to ascertain
the present relations of the revolted States to
the Union than by considering the purpose and
object of the war.
It was a fearful conflict and prosecuted on the
most gigantic scalepossible on both sides. Hie
insurgents struggled against fearful odds, and
almost to complete exhaustion. They sacri-
ficed everything and exhausted every resource.
A sublimer will, a more determined purpose
never possessed and inspired a great people than
that which filled the hearts and minds of the
adherents of the Union. With greater resources
and greater numbers, as one vast army went
down another and another came rushing^ like
the mighty winds to the field of battle. _ Every
soldier fell inspired a score to fill his place
and avefigc his death. Every man, every life,
and every dollar of the Republic were pledged
and ready upon call to secure success, to insure
victory. And few were found to say it was too
much.
And what was it all for—what was the pur-
pose, what was the object of all this expend-
iture of treasure and life ? Was there no great
and good purpose commensurate with the sacri-
fices the nation was making and willing to make ?
Was it a mere feud, some great hatred of the
sections, for which, in blind frenzy, in furious
passion, in mere madness they were seeking
each other's lives and destruction? Was it this
that moved a great and good people to such a
mighty conflict with each other ?
Sir, the purpose and object of the war were
so clearly laid down, so definitely understood,
its necessity so apparent and the result to be
obtained so meritorious and patriotic, that dur-
ing the period of its prosecution it was, in the
judgment of the majority of this House, disloy-
alty amounting almost to treason to question or
doubt ths propriety even of the manner in which
it was conducted. Many wrongs, many out-
rages upon the rights and liberties of the people
were, indeed, perpetrated. There were arrests
and imprisonments without warrant, trials with-
out jury ; freedom of speech and the press was
denied, and almost every violation of all the sa-
cred rights of liberty and conscience. All these
were submitted to and even justified, because
they were only temporary expedients by which
to accomplish the sacred purpose in the name
of which they were perpetrated.
And, sir, what was the purpose, what was the
cause for which the people, the eitizens of the
Republic, were called upon to suffer and forbear
so much? Our country was rich, prosperous,
great, powerful, and happy. Its commerce whit-
ened every sea and its proud flag waved honored
and respected in every port. The people had
not become dissatisfied with republican institu-
tions ; they desired not to go back to monarchy
or build up empire. Some of the citizens of some
of the States had become dissatisfied with their
place in the Union and determined upon seces-
sion. ''peaceably if they could, and forcibly if
they must.'' If those States or the people thereof
did commence the war, what was it for, what
did they seek to obtain ? Was it for any other
purpose than to break off their constitutional
relations witli the Union and with the other
States, that they might realize secession as a
fact? That was the avowed and wcll-under-
stood purpose of all their warlike measures.
The adhering States joined issue with the se-
cessionists upon that precise and only question.
They denied the right, under the Co istitution,
for any State or the inhabitants thereof to se-
cede. They held the Union to have been formed
in perpetuity ; that nothing but successful rev-
olution could ever break or divide it. And to
save the integrity of the Union, to hold the
rebellious States to their constitutional obli-
gations, to coerce tliem and the people to per-
form their duties and functions according to
the Constitution in the Union, they accepted
the wager of battle. In this connection I de-
sire to call the-attention of the House to the
message of the late Executive, which has been
so often referred to in debate on this subject;
not because it was the opinion of Mr. Lincoln,
but because it was in the nature of a proclama-
tion to the nations of the world, to the loyal
people of the country, and to the rebels in arms,
of the terms of war and peace with the insur-
gent States, which is still binding upon the na-
tional authorities:
" Lest there should besome uneasiness in the minds
of candid men as to what is to be the couiseofthe Gov-
ernment toward the southern States after the rebel-
lion shall have been suppiessed, the Executive deems
it proper to say it will bo bis purpose then, as ever,
to be guided by the Constitution and laws." *
* * "HedesirestopreservetheOovernmentthat
it may be administered lor all as it was administered
by the men who made it. Loyal citizens everywhere
have a right to claim this of the Government, and the
Government has no right to withhold or neglect, it.
This declaration was made at one of the most
important epochs of the war. _ It was put forth
to relieve the ''minds of candid men 1 as to the
course of the Government when rebellion should
be suppressed. It was uttered^to loyal citizens
everywhere, in the insurgent States as well as j
the adhering. |
It was the platform on which the war on behalt |
of the Republic was to be carried on, and the j
basis of peace and reunion when victory should j
b'e obtained. It was not alone the declaration ;
of the head of a great paity, it was the head of i
the nation speaking by the authority and in the
name of the Government. It was spoken to
' the loyal and the disloyal. It was intended to
i weaken the rebel eausc and encourage the sup- !
| porters of the Government. It is a full solu- ,
[ tion of all our troubles and difficulties. It is
• as binding now the war is over as it was before. I
It is the policy of the present Executive, as I un-
derstand it, to carry out and keep the plighted
faith of the Government. And it is this which
brings upon his head the maledictions of the •
radicals. . , ,
The-Executive is no more committed to this
doctrine than Congress and the people of the
northern States. The late President declared
over and over again "that his paramount ob-
ject was to restore the Union." In view of all
this'he-was reelected, and in March, 1808, he
was indorsed and indemnified for all he had
done, by act of Congress.
In July, 18G1, the House of Representatives
almost unanimously declared the war not to be
a war for "conquest or subjugation," but to
" maintain the supremacy of the Constitution,"
to "preserve the Union with all the dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States unim-
paired." This was the declaration of war on
the part of Congress. These declarations by
Congress and the Executive were intended as
tjie war platform of the country. It was the war
platform' of the miscalled Union party; the
one upon which it gained its present power and
strength—the strength and power by which it is
able to resist and prevent the complete reunion
of all the States, and deprive them of tlieir
representation in this Congress.
Sir, I maintain these declarations are in the
nature of promises made to an enemy in the
course of war; made for the purpose of drawing
off his adherents, of weakening his forces.^ The
insurgents had a right to rely upon them till the
terms were withdrawn. Many did rely upon
them. There was no time specified within which
they should avail themselves of them. They
remained open till peace was declared. The
insurgents laid down their arms upon those terms
as clearly as though they had been iu the stip-
ulation. There was no separate national exist-
ence admitted in the insurgents. On the con-
trary it was claimed and insisted, on the part of
the Government, that there was not enough of
the enemy to justify or authorize a treaty; no
competent authority with which we could treat.
Thov laid clown their arms finally on demand
and by force of the power of the Government,
and submitted themselves to the jurisdiction
and authority of the United States. 1 he arbit-
rament of the sword was ended. From that
moment, from the moment peace was declared,
they were subjects of the United States Gov-
ernment, entitled to the protection and liable
to answer to the offended majesty of the Con-
stitution and laws.
Sir, these pledges to the world, to the coun-
try, and especially to the loyal men of the in-
surgent States, made when they weie struggling
with and overborne by a force which neither they
nor the wdiole power of the Government could
resist, ought to settle at once and forever the
whole question of reconstruction—ought to per-
mit the people of these States to resrrtne Uieir
proper relations to and duties in the Union
without further hinderance or delay. _ _
We all remember how you of the majority
cried out against the disloyalty of the Demo-
cratic Chicago convention during the last presi-
dential campaign, and also the furious denun-
ciation in this House, only the other day, by the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixg-
iiam,] of the members of that convention as
"conspirators," because they resolved "that
after four rears the war had failed to restore
the Union."'' Bitter and terrible as your de-
nunciations were, with how much more force
do they apply to you who insist that the Union
is not to-day restored!_ It is not only after
more than four years of war. but after peace
conquered, after full-submission of the insur-
gents, you declare that war has failed to restore
the Union. Nay, more, you stand with the
sword of party power over the iscry portals of
the Union to resist the resumption by the
States of tlieir constitutional duties and func-
tions. You resolve, not only that_it has not,
but that frhile you have the power it shall not,
be restored. Nay, more even than thaf, you
insist that the war has killsd the States, and or
