424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
necessity destroyed the Union. When before
■was there ever exhibited such faithlessness, such
perfidy, such utter disregard of all promises and
principles?
It would seem that any party of men not abso-
lutely debauched or dead to all sense of honor,
in view of the record you have made, the pledges
you have given, the hopes you have inspired,
the sacrifices you have demanded, the lives that
have been offered up, and the vast debt youhave
jncufred, all in the name of the Union, that you
TfrouW, without further technical higgling over
the rights of the conqueror, the doctrines of es-
toppel and forfeiture, Or the result of conceding
belligerent rights, hasten to fulfill your plighted
faith and the just expectations of a vast ma-
jority of the American people, by realizing at
once and forever the promised fruits of victory
in a restored and regenerated Union. Nothing
short of this is a fulfillment of your pledges,
nothing less would justify the war you have
prosecuted, nothing else would'be justice to the
conquered or worthy of the conqueror. On
the sole ground of good faith, if there were no
other, 1 demand the constitutional union of all
the States.
But in the absence of all pledges given by
the Government in the course of the war, claim-
ing nothing on the ground of its plighted faith,
I insist the insurgent Slates are not out of the
Union, and that they can never get out except
by successful revolution, and none but seces-
sionists ever dreamed that they could. Jiis
the greed of illegal gain, the lust of power, the
love of dominion, the maddening taste of blood,
and the desire of vengeance upon a fallen foe
that has made these new converts to this doc-
trine. Jt (inds its impulse and its logic in in-
furiated passion, in malignant hale, and would
debase reason and justice to justify the iiulul-
. gence.
The honorable gentleman from Penns) Ivania,
[Mr. Stevexs,] who! believe never made any
virtue of love for the Union, and who during
the war declared, "This Union never shall, with
my consent, be restored under the Constitution
as it is," sets himself to work with his great
learning and vast research to find among the
Hiusty records of the past some plausible ground
to prevent its restoration now the war is over.
He gravely tells us there has been a war be-
tween the so-called confederate and the United
States. T did not suppose it was denied or
doubted that tile state of things existing between
them was a state of war. There need be no
reference to authority to convince the people
of this country or any other that we have had
war. The absence of some loved one from
almost every house and hamlet in all tiie land
who has fallen on the deadly iield of battle, the
mutilated veterans whom wo meet in our daily
walk, and the mourners that go about the streets,
are too solemn reminders to require argument,
or authority to satisfy us that there has been a
most sickening and heart-rending war. 13ul the
honorable gentleman insists that this war has
had the effect to sever and divide the Union
and place the insurgent Ktates in the power of
the Government as conquered provinces. To
sustain his position he cites the following from
Yattcl:
"A civil war lirealts the bantls of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their Ibreo and eftoet;
it produces in tho nation two independent parties,
who consider each other as enemies, and acknowledge
110 common juda:e. Tho-c two im.iti.es must theieforo
be considered as thenceforward constituting, at least
for a time, two separate bodies; two distinct societies.
They stand, therefore, in precisely i.bo .-aim' medica-
ment as two nations who engage in a contest, and
being unable to come to an agreement, have recourse
to arms."
In _my judgment, Vatttl lays down no such
doctrine as the gentleman claims. The passage
cited proves no such thing, it has reference
only to the shne during which the war contin-
ues. A civil war breaks or at least suspends
tlie force and effect of the bands. The two par-
ties must therefore be considered, "at least for
a time, as constituting two separate botlies.'' It
must certainly depend upon the result of the
war as to whether it breaks or only suspends the
bands and makes the two parties independent
societies when the war is over. If the revolu-
tionary party, whose purpose it is to divide and
break the union, were to be successful, then it
would be permanent. If it fails, if the Gov-
ernment which is prosecuting the war for the
purpose of preserving the union, for the pur-
pose of preserving the bands, is successful, then
clearly the war has only suspended the bands.
The Chapter from which this passage is taken,
chapter eighteen, commences in this language:
"It is a question very much debated whether the
sovereign i « to observe the common laws of war toward
rebellious subjects who have openly taken up arms
against him. A flatterer or a cruel ruler immediately
saya that the laws are not made for rebels, for whom
no punishment is too severe. Let us proceed more
mildly, and that wo may clearly see how the sover-
eign is to behave toward revolted subjects, wo should
first remember that all sovereign rights are derived
from those of civil society, from the trust reposed
| in him, and (he obligation he is under of watching
, over the welfare of the nation, procuring its greatest
I happiness, of maintaining Older, justice, and pcace
therein."
Again:
"But what conduct shall the sovereign observe to-
ward the insurgents? I answer, in general, that which
shail at tho same time be most conscientious tojustice
and most salutary to the State.''
This is the mode of conducting civil war ac-
cording to the laws of war. But what should
be the conduct of the sovereign when peace has
been obtained? Let Vatlel answer:
"A sovereign having conquered the opposite party
and reduced it to submit and hue for peace, he limy
except horn amnesty the authors ol the trouble^, ihe
heads ot the party; mav bring them to legal trial, and
on conviction punish them.
" When amnesty ha-> been published and accepted,
whatever has passed must bo bmied in oblivion. No
one is to bo called to account lor what he has done
relative; to the disturbances ; and m genet al a pnnee
who m:>kes anv conscience of in-; wont is imfhtul to
keep what he has promised to rebels themselves— 1
mean to those of his subjects who have revolted with-
out reason or necessity."
Is there anything in all tin's, to justify the con-
clusion of those who contend Unit the Govern-
ment, by the laws of war and of nations, now
hoids the in.->arg:mt States as conquered prov-
inces; that it is authorized to treat all (he peo-
ple of those States as conquered subjects, as
public enemies, or as aliens? If so, no civil war
can ever exist without di^'^n-the body-politic.
The very object of political association would
bo destroyed. Vattel says at page OH:
44 The; preservation of a nut ion cortsi <i- in the dura-
tion of the political association of winch it is founded."
* 1 f "In the act of a-oeintion, in
virtue of whieh ft multitude of men form together a
State or nation, eaeb individual has entered into en-
gagement with all, and all liavcentered into engage-
ments with each, to plot ni o the common wi Ifare. It
i< manifest that these reciprocal engagements can no
otherwise be fulfilled than by maintaining the politi-
cal association. The entire nation is obliged to main-
tain tho a^soc.iution." " "If the
nation is obliged to preserve itself, it is not I e^s obliged
carefully to preserve all its members. The n at urn owes
this to itself; since the loss of even one, of its: members
weakens it, and is injurious to its own preservation."
It owes this also to the—
44 Membei« in particular, in consequence of the very
act ot association; for those who compose a nation arc
united tor I heir defense and common advantage; and
none can justly be deprived of this union."
Thisis the uatureand object of national polit-
ical association, according to Vattel. The doe-
trine thai the national authority, in the very act
of assert ing itself, must, if opposed, destroy the
association and change the body-politic is the
most miserable subterfuge, the most contempt-
ible excuse, for the usurpation of unwanted
powers that was ever devised. It is the doc-
trine of the '"flatterororthe cruel ruler who sa3rs
that the laws are not made for rebels, for whom
no punishment is too severe." It is the doctrine
of fanatical resolution crying union but work-
ing in the interest of empire. Civil war did ex-
ist. but so far as the Government of the Uni-
ted States is concerned it was not a war against
the States or the people. It was a war against
the insurrection, asrainstrebels inarms, against
those resisting the laws and the Constitution,
those who by the war sought to sub veil and over-
throw the Government, ^ho undeitook by re-
bellion to sustain and enforce ihe unfounded and
illegal elaim to secede. In such a war, when
peace is obtained, it would be monstrous injus-
tice to treat all the people of the insurrectionary
States alike as enemies. It is the duty of the
prince or sovereign authorities to discriminate
between the innocent and the guilty, and to re-
store all those who have remained faithful, or
who have been overborne for the time being
and forced from their allegiance, to all their
former rights. All such persons were entitled
to the protection of the Government at all haz-
ards. It is the very object for which Govern-
ments are instituted, to protect the weak against
the strong, to enforce the laws and preserve
the State. "What other justification is therefor
war of the nation with its own people, its own
subjects ? "What other war is there justified by
the Constitution?
There was never any right or constitutional
power to make any other war. It was never
pretended that it was a war of conquest or
dominion, but to assert and maintain the mild
and peaceful provisions of the Constitution, the
Government of the United States. Such a war
can never place this Go\ernment in the attitude
of conqueror, or the people of the State in the
attitude of conquered subjects, or make the State
a conquered province. The jurisdiction of the
United States is only that prescribed by the Con-
stitution. Whatever pretense, there may be of
implied and enlarged war powers, these powers
can only be claimed or exorcised as incident to
the war. By what warrant or provision in the
Constitution can the supreme Government make
conquest of one of its own States, or exercise
dominion over its own citizens exccpt jn sub-
ordination to the Constitution? The very idea
would be preposterous. Its jurisdiction is tho
same and only the same after the insurrection
is suppressed that if was before it was began.
l>ofore the war the United States had the right
to exercise the jurisdiction, sovereignty, and
power over the States and the people of ihe
Stales, prescribed, deliued, and limited by the
Constitution. Tho war ended, it could do no
nunc than exercise the same jurisdiction over
them as States and people of States forming
constituent parts of the Union.
It would be monstrous if the United States,
endowed with sovereign powers, prescribed, de-
fined, and limited by a Constitution emanating
from the people through the States, could exert
if self to destroy one of the constituent elements
of its own life^tbe source of its own power, and
without which even the Union itselfisdead. The
Government has not increased the sphere of its
sovereignty nor lost any of it4? sovereign powers
by the war. The crime of the rebels was that
they refused to perform their duties and func-
tions in the Union. The Government demanded
that, they should. It made no other demand
during the insurrection. It had no power to
make any other demand. It required this by
virtue of its supreme authority, derived from the
Constitution, and in the interest not alone oflhc
people of the insurgent States, but in the right
and into est of every loyal citi/cn of the United
States, 'flie United .States cannot force a State
to abdicate its functions or rights as a State in
the Union, nor can it accept the abdication from
a State. It. has power under the Constitution
to admit a State to the; Union, but no power to
permit it to retire or depart from the Union.
But gentlemen say the rebel States arc out of
the Union, and they are estopped fr^S^denying
it by their ordinances of secession ; the rebels
have forfeited all their constitutional rights and
the right of being States in the Union; that
they have committed suicide and are absolutely
dead.
Estoppels were never much favored in the
law, and were applied only in clear cases. But
in any case, in order to be binding they must be
mutual, both parties must be estopped, and they
must bo plead or insisted upon by those who
would have advantage of them. But the claim
comes too late with us; we never relied upon
it, and always denied the validity of these ordi-
nances. That was always the issue of tlie war.
Butthe Government is estopped in a thousand
ways from denying that those State? are and
at all times have been States in this Union.
