1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■4$5
In the first place, the United States Government
has no legal or constitutional right or power to
do any act or consent to anything being done
that could amount to a deprivation or relin-
quishment of its control or sovereignty over
them as States in the Union.
Nor has the Government done or consented to
anything of the kind. On the contrary, it has at
all times during the continuance of the insurrec-
tion by the exercise of the highest sovereignty
asserted its continuing relationship under the
Constitution. It, has demanded at the point of
a million bayonets, and by all the terrible en-
finery of war, that the insurgents should lay
own their arms, cease, their rebellion, and re-
turn to their duties. It has by the most solemn
acts of every department of the Government
continuously recognized them in their relations
as States. It has provided by act of Congress
for their representation and the number thereof
in this body. Based upon that representation,
. and in pursuance of the provisions of the Con-
stitution and laws, it has apportioned to each
of the eleven States, by name, its proper share
of twenty millions of direct tax, and enforced its
payment by sale of lands. It has proclaimed
peace, and that the insurrection is put down.
It has aided and encouraged by all the powers
it possessed the resumption by the people of
those States of their abandoned duties and ob-
ligations in the States. It has invited them to
take part in the amendment of the Constitution
itself, and proclaimed their action upon it, and
thatitha-d actually, through their aid, been done.
Nay, more; the people of theUnited States them-
selves, exercising the most solemn and exalted
right of freemen, have chosen a citizen of one
of those States the Chief Executive of this na-
tion, who, if they are not States in the Union, is
anftlien and usurper.
Sir, the people of those States have laid down
their weapons of warfare, accepted and acted
upon the often proffered terms of peace and
reunion, and now plead and insist on the rec-
ord as an estoppel. And is it not full, com-
plete, and effectual? Is it not mutual and
valid? Would it not be a gross fraud to deny
them? Are not their representatives entitled
to be admitted?
'' But they are rebels, and rebels have no rights
but the right to be hung," cries the bloody-
mouthed Jacobin, who would take advantage of
these times to change and revolutionize the Re-
public ; they hare forfeited by their rebellion even
the States in which they happened to reside: they
have forfeited all constitutional rights. Have
-gentlemen considered the result of this doctrine ?
Forfeiture of what, and to whom? Have they
forfeited or can they forfeit their right and duty
to obey the Constitution and laws? Have they
forfeited or can they forfeit their obligation to
pay their proportion of the direct taxes that
nave been or may be apportioned upon them as
States in the Union? Have they forfeited or
can they forfeit their duty to assist in the de-
fense of the Republic in case of foreign inva-
sion ? The highest interest of the nation is that
all the States of the Union and every citizen
- should peaceably and promptly discharge all
their duties and obligations to and in the Union.
The State of Wisconsin has as much interest in
South Carolina remaining in the Union as she
has in .Massachusetts. Every citizen, every
lover of the Republic, has the same interest in
preserving to the Union one State as another.
Every citizen of the United States has the right
to have the Union preserved intact. The Union
of the Constitution is the rich heritage which
we have received from our fathers; w^ have no
right to destroy or divide it, nor permit it to be
destroyed or "divided. The rebels can never
forfeit your and'my rights which, as citizens of
the United States, we have in every State, and
in the preservation of every State in the Union.
But to whom has the forfeiture been made?
It cannot be to the United States, because the
United States had all the jurisdiction and sov-
ereignty it could constitutionally exercise over
the State before the war. The Constitution, as
I have before said, limited, defined, and pre-
scribed the extent of dominion and authority
and power of the United States with reference
to the revolted States. It is the same precisely
now the war is ended, and that is to require the
States to perform their constitutional obliga-
tions, their proper duties and functions in the
Union as States. When, where, and how did
they make the forfeiture? Was it by violating
the Constitution that they ftrfeited all rights
under it? I deny, sir, that the rebels have no
rights under that instrument. Their crime was
the consequence of their violation of it; and
the measure of their guilt is, now the war is
over, to be determined by it. They have in-
curred the penalty which attaches to the viola-
tion of the Constitution, and not the vengeance
of infuriated passion. If brought to trial they
are entitled to all of its provisions ; and if we
should violate it in their trial or punishment,
our guilt would be comineusurate with theirs.
Those who claim that the rebellious States are
out of the Union by forfeiture'fall little, if any,
short of asserting that the Government is de-
feated ; that it has sacrificed the blood of its cit-
izens in vain ; that the rebels have, in the hour
and moment of our triumph, snatched the vic-
tory from us, accomplishing by their crime what
they failed to do by the prowess of arms. But
I assert, without fear of contradiction, that no
one can forfeit what is not his own. The in-
surgent States cannot forfeit what belongs to all
the States. - Nor can rebels forfeit what is the
right of every loyal citizen of the United States,
the right to the Union of the Constitution, com-
posed of every State ever belonging toit, free,
equal, sovereign, and independent in their
proper and legitimate spheres. Let it be re-
membered that the rebels are not the only per-
sons having rights and interest in the insurgent
States. All and each of the States of the Union
have an interest; all and each of the citizens of
the United States have an interest in the pres-
ervation and perpetuation of the Union of the
Constitution; and all of the States, and every
citizen of every State, is bound by the highest
obligations of honor, interest, and constitutional
duty to aid in its preservation to the extent of
all "he has of life and property.
The same course of reasoning answers fully
those who claim that the insurgent States are-
dead and thai they cannot be States of the Union
till the "Government breathes into them again
the breath of life." It would seem as though
it, were enough to add in reply that the power
that, can confer life can preserve life. If the
Government can breathe life into the dead car-_
cass of a State it could prevent the departure of
life from it. It could have kept the breath of
life in it. I for one have no faith in the resurrec-
tion by one who, struggling through long years,
had not the power to preserve the original life.
I will never consent to the death of one of the
States of this Union in the vain hope that the
party now in power and controlling the Gov-
ernment may breathe it again to life. Your
breath may kill, it will not save; it is full of
pestilence, disease, and death. You kill the
body that you may destroy the soul of the Re-
public. But you ought to understand that the
temple rests upon the pillars, and as you wrench
them away the beauty, harmony, and propor-
tions are not alone destroyed, but the whole
edifice must ultimately fall. But if a State can-
not die. then " once a State always a State."
Why not? That is not State rights more than
the rights of the Union. Who says, once the
Union always the Union? ^ ho says, the Union
shall always endure and the Republic be per-
petual ; that it shall never be destroyed? The
States and the Union mustcoexist or the Union
must die. The States might possibly exist with-
out the Union, without the States the Union
never! Beware how you trifle with the States !
The union of the States is the Republic! The
Republic is the States in fraternal union! The
Union originally cost too much, and too much
of life arid treasure has been expended in its
name and on its behalf, to surrender it on a
mere technicality, or to barter it for the glit-
tering empire you would build on its ruins.
The fathers of the Republic were not mere
partisans or fanatics, they were statesmen.
Sir, it is an easy thing to break up and to®
destroy this Union, if the gentlemen of the ma-
jority are right in all their modes of disposing
of it. The fathers of t-he Republic little dreamed
how frail a thing they -syere forming. There is
scarcely a direction that rebels cannot drive
their whole State through the Constitution out
of the Union. .The learned and able gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] in his-answer,
or perhaps I should be pardoned if I say his
evasion of the pertinent question of the honot-
able gentlepian fromNew Y ork, [Mr. Raymond,]
"If they (the States) were out of the Union when
did they become so ? " says substantially, as I un-
derstand him, whSn the regular course of jus-
tice was-interrupted by revolt, rebellion, or in-
surrection so that the courts of justice could not
be kept open; "when, in fact, they became bel-
ligerents." This doctrine would prevent the
Government from suppressing an insurrection
without destroying the State in the Union. Ati
insurrection that has attained proportions suffi-
cient to entitle the combatants to belligerent
rights has, by its own force, carried the State out
of the Union. Let an insurrection arise for any
cause in an y State and the Government of the
United States be called upon to suppress it, and
by default or neglect it fails to do so till the
'1 regular course of justice is interrupted so that
the courts of justice cannot be kept open," and
the revolt is then put down, the State must fall a
conquered province at the feet of the Govern-
ment, never again to appear as g. State in the
Union till breathed upon by the Republican ma-
jority of this House, now in control of the Gov-
ernment. Let war arise in a State, let an attempt
be made at revolt successful enough to hold the
State till, according to the laws of war and of
nations, belligerent rights should be mutually
conceded, and that star falls, like Lucifer, from
the proud banner of' the Republic, never again
to shine in the galaxy of the Union till its peo-
ple shall give guarantees to Massachusetts, till
the institutions of the States shall bo homoge-
neous with New England. If this doctrine be
true, then indeed war has failed, must and will
be always a failure, to restore the Union. It is
indeed disunion, eternal disunion, and all efforts
by war to preserve the Union worse than a de-
lusion—it is a crime.
The ordinances of secession are void, the pur-
pose of the rebels to secede has been subdued,
their warriors have surrendered orfled the coun-
try in dismay; thetriumphant banner of the Re-
public floats proudly over the State; the glad
shouts of thanksgiving and praise ascend from
the national heart that rebellion is crushed and
the Union saved; when, lo! some Republican
logician has discovered that the war was con-
ducted upon principles of humanity and accord-
ing to the laws of nations; the insurgent ports
were blockaded; prisoners of war were ex-
changed ; the nations of the earth claimed to be
neutrals between the contending parties; belli-
gerent rights were mutually conceded ; all our
h opes of restored union are blasted; the State is
dead. Away with such absurdity 1 It is as fatal to
the Union as the State. It places all the vast
interests of the Republic at the mercy of a
malignant few in a State, or at least of a. bare
majority strong enough to place the State in the
control of ati insurrection. To leave the State
in the hands of the insurrection loses it to the
Union. To make war to save it kills the State.
In either event the State as such is lost to the
Union.
This doctrine effectually nullifies the consti-
tutional power of the Government to suppress
insurrection or resist rebellion. It is no answer
to say that the territorial State is preserved
together with dominion over the inhabitants.
This is no equivalent for the loss of the State as
such. The Government of the Union cannot
rest upon territorial dominion. This might sup-
port empire but not a republic of States. It
may gratify those who seek to multiply and con-
solidate power in the central Government; but
it is as fatal to the constitutional Union of the
fathers of the Republic, and if possible more
dangerous to liberty than the dogmas of seces-
sion. Let this work go on, let the central power
