1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8409
of Representatives had concurred in some and
non-concurred in other amendments of the
Senate to _ the bill (H. R. No. 127) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending OOtli June, 1867, requested a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Housesthereon, and had appointed Mr. Robert
C. ScnexcK, of Ohio, Mr. William E. Nib-
Lack, of Indiana, and Mr. E. B. Wasiiburne,
of Illinois, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (S.
No. 221) relating to lands granted to Minne-
sota to aid in constructing railroads, with
amendments, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
Army appropriation bill with a view to have a
committee of conference appointed.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives to
(he bill (II. R. No. 127) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year'ending
30th of .June, 1807.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
insist oil its amendments, agree to the confer-
ence asked by the House, and that the Presi-
dent 2)ro tempore appoint the conferees on the
part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
NOKT1IHUX KANSAS RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEUOY. Senate bill No. 145, for
a grant of lands to the State of Kansas to aid
in the construction of the Northern Kansas
railroad and telegraph, has been returned from
the House of Representatives, with an amend-
ment. I move to take it up for the sake of*
having a committee of conference on the dis-
agreement between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some person, I do not
now recollect who, suggesled to me that that,
bill, as it comes from the House, ought to go
again to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that reference. I only want to facilitate busi-
ness.
Mr. HE.N DKICKS. I do not know what is
the present stage of the bill, but some person
asked me to have that action taken. I do not
know for what purpose, and I cannot now rec-
ollect who it was.
Mr. BROWN. I believe the amendment
that has been put on the bill in the House of
Representatives does not meet with the appro-
bation of any one connected with the bill
here in the Senate or on the committee, but it
was proposed subsequently to dissent from the
amendment of the House and ask for a eom-
miitee of conference, with a \ic>w of substitut-
ing the original bill as it passed the. Senate.
Probably that would be the better mode of
arri\ ing at it as it is now so late in the session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If Senators desire that
this bill should go to a committee of confer-
ence I am not going to insist on the reference
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN. I think it had better go to a
committee of conference.
The PRESlDEiNT pro tempore,. Does the
Senator from Indiana withdraw his motion?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is rather unusual
to send a bill to a committee of conference
when an amendment is merely made in one
House, but I withdraw the motion if Senators
desiie it.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move that the Sen-
ate disagree to the amendment of the House
of Representatives, ask for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and that the managers on the part of
the Senate be appointed by the President pro
tempore.
The. motion was agreed to.
fkeedmen's bureau.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now pro-
ceed with the bill before the Senate.
39th Cong. 1st Bess,—No. 214.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to_ consider the bill (H. R. No. 613)
to continue in force and to amend an act to
establish a Bureau for the Relief of Frecdmen
and Refugees, and for other purposes.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported several amendments to the bill.
The first amendment was to insert after section
three the following, as section four:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That officers of tlie
Veteran Reserve corps or of the volunteer service,
now on duty in the Frecdmen's Bureau as assistant
commissioners, agents, medical officers, or in other
capacities,, whoso regiments or corps have been or
may hereafter bo mustered out of service, may bo
retained upon such duty as officers of said bureau,
with the same compensation as is now provided by
law for their respective grades; and the Secretary of
war shall have power to fill vacancies until other
officers can be detailed in their places without detri-
ment to tho public scrvico.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the bill
until the first Monday of December next.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Secretary read the next amendment of
the committee, which was to strike out section
live of the bill in the following words:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That for the pur-
pose of rendering this bureau self-sustaining:, and in
the place of lands hcretofoic assigned to frcedmen
and thcrcafterward withdrawn from tho control of
the buroaurthe President shall rcscrvo from sale or
settlement under the homestead or preemption laws,
and assign for the use of tho frecdmen and loyal
refugees, male or female, unoccupied public lands
iu Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and Ar-
kansas, not exceeding m all one million acres of good
land. And the Commissions shall cause the same,
under the direction of the President, to bo allotted
and assigned fiom time to tunc, in paicels not ex-
ceeding forty acre* each, to tho loyal refugees and
frecdmen, who shall be protected in the use and en-
joyment thereof for such term of time and at such
annual rent as may be agiced upon between the Com-
missioner and such lefugccs or frecdmen. The rental
shall be based upon a valuation of the land, to be
ascertained in such manner as the Commissioner
mav, under the direction of the President, by regu-
lation prescribe. At tho end of each term, orsooner,
if the Commissioner shall a^ont thereto, tini occu-
pants of any parcels so assigned, their heirs and
assigns, may purchase the land and receive a title
thereto lroui the United States in fee, upon payment
therefor tho value of the land ascertained as afore-
said.
Mr. WILSON". A separate bill lias already
passed and lias become a law, which embraces
the provisions included in this section and
therefore the committee propose to strike it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay the bill upon the
table, and upon that motion L ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered : and being
taken, resulted—yeas 0, nays 27; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. IJuekalcw, Davis, Doolittle, Guth-
rie, Hendricks, and Kiddle—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,Cm gin,
Cresweli,Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Crimes, Har-
ris, Henderson. Howard, Kirkwood, Laneol Indiana,
Morgan, Nye, Pomuoy, Sherman, Spra^nc, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van "Winkle, Wade, Willcy, Williams,
"NVilrtOn, and Yates—27.
AliSKNT--Messrs. Clark, Conncss, Cowan, Dixon,
ITowo, Johnson, Lane oi Kan^a^, Mf J)oucrnll, Mor-
rill, Nesmitii, Norton, Poland, ilamsey, Saulsbury,
Stewart, and Wright—10.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
sixth section of the bill in the following words:
S ]•: c - G. And ho it further enacted, That whenever the
former owners oi lands occupiedundorGeneral Sher-
man's field older, dated at Savannah, January 1(5,
ISiv), shall apply for restoration of said lands, the
Commissioner shall refuse the surrenderofthesame:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to affect the right of any person to recover
in the proper courts any title or right of possession
which such person may have in any of the lands held
under said field order.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 0. Whereas by the piovi^ion?, of an act ap-
proved Pebiuary 6, 186/5, entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act for the collection of direct
taxes in insurrectionary districts within the United
States and for other purpmos,' approved June 7,
1862,'^ certain lands in the parishes of St, Helena
and St. Luke, South Caiolma, were bid in by the
United States at public, tax salo, ami by the limita-
tion of said act the time of redemption of said lands
having expired: and whereas m accordance with
instructions issued bv President Lincoln on the 16th
day of September, 1803, to the United States direct
tax commissioners for South Carolina, cerlain lands
bid in by the United Stales m the parish ot St.
Helena, in said State, weie in part sold by the said
tax commissioners to " heads of families of the Afri-
can race," in paicels of not more than twenty acres
to each purchaser; and whereas under tho said in-
structions tho said tax commissioners did also sot
apart as^ "school farms " certain parccls of land in
said parish, numbered on their plats from one to
thirty-throe, inclusive, making an aggregate of six
thousand acrcs, more or less: Therefore, licit further
enacted. That tho sales made to "heads of families of
the African race," under the instructions of President
Lincoln to the united Stated direct tax commission-
ers for South Carolina, of date of September 10,18(53,
are hereby confirmed and established; and all leases
which have been made to such "heads of families,*'
by said direct tax commissioners, shall be changed
into certificates of sale in all cases wherein the leas©
provides lor such substitution; and all the lands now
remaining unsold, which como within the same des-
ignation, being eight thousand acres, more or less,
shall be disposed of according to said instructions.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all other
lands bid in by the United States at tax sales, being
thirty-eight thousand acrcs, more or less, and now in
the hands of the said tax commissioners as the prop«-
crty of tho United States, in the parishes of St.
Helena and St. Luke, excepting the 'school farms,"
as specified in the preceding section, and so much as
may be necessary for military and naval purposes at
Hilton 11 cad, Bay Point, and Land's End, and except-
ing also the city of Port Royal, on St. Helena Isl-
and, and the town of Beaufort, shall be disposed of
m parcels of twenty acrcs, at ftl 50 per acre, to such
persons, and to such only, us have acquitcd and aro
now occupying lands under and agreeably to tho pro-
visions of General Sherman's special field order, dated
at Savannah, Georgia, January 16, 1865, and tho
remaining lands, if any, shall be disposed of in like
manner to such persons as had acquired lands agree-
ably to the said order of General Sherman, but who
have been dispossessed by the restoration of tho same
to former owners: Provided, That the lands sold in
compliance with tho provisions of this and tho pre-
ceding section shall not bo alienated by their pur-
chasers withiu six years from and aftor tho passage
of this act.
Sue. 8. And be it further enacted, Thatthc "school
farms" m tho parish of St. Helena, South Carolina,
bhall be sold, subject to any leases of the tawc, by the
said tax commissioners, at public auction, on or be-
fore the 1st day of J anuary, 1867, at not less than ten
dollars per acne; and the lots iu the city of Port
Royal, as laid down by tho said tax commissioners,
and the lots and houses in the town of Beaufort which
are still held in like manner, shall be sold at public
auction; and the proceeds of said sales, after paying
expenses of tho surveys and sales, .shall he invested
in United States bonds, the interest ot which shall bo
appiopiiatcd, under the direction of the Commis-
sioner, to the support of schools, without distinction
of color or race, on the islands in tho parishes of
St. Helena and St. Luke.
SisC.y.^ And ho it further enacted. That the assistant
commissioners for South Caiolina and Geoigia aro
hereby authorized to determine the validity of all
titles to lands in their respective States which are
claimed under the provisions of General Shci man's
special field order, and to give each person having a
valid claim a warrant upon the diicct tax commis-
sioners for South Carolina for twenty acres of land,
and the said direct tax commissioners shall issue to
every pel son, or to his or her heirs, but in no ease to
any assigns, presenting such warrant, a lease of twenty
acres of land, as provided for in section—, for the
term of six years: but at any timo thereafter, upon
the payment of a sum not exceeding $1 50 per acre, *
tho person holding such lease shall be entilled to a
certificate of sale of said tract of twenty acres from
tho direct tax commissioner or such otliecr as may bo
authoiized to issue the same; but no warrant snail
bo held valid longer than two years after the issue of
the same.
Sue. 10. And he it further enacted, That the direct
tax commissioners for South Carolina are hereby
author i7Asd and required at the earliest day practical lo
to survey the lands designated in section — into lots
of twenty acres each, with proper metes and hound**
distinctly marked, so that the several tracts shall bo
convenient in form, and as near as practicable have
an average of fertility and woodland; and the ex-
pense of such surveys shall be paid from the proceeds
of sales of said lands, or. if sooner required, out of any
moneys received for other lands on these islands, sold
by the United States for taxes, and now in the hands
oftho direct tax commissioners.
Sue. 11. And be it further enacted. That upon com-
pletion of the transfers of the said lands in the man-
ner specified in the preceding sections, the President
of the United States shall have power to restore to
their former owneis the lands now occupied by per-
sons under General Sherman's special field oidor
dated at Savannah, Georgia, January 16, 1865, ex-
cepting such lands on the islands in the parishes of
St. Helena and St. Luke as may have been sold by
the United States for taxes; but such restoration shall
not be made until after the crops of the present year
shall haVc been gathered by the occupants of said
lands, nor until a fair compensation shall have been
made to them for all improvements or betterments
erected or constructed thereon, and aiter/lue notion
of the same being done shall have been given* by tho
assistant commissioner.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That the Commis-
sioner shall have power to seize, hold, use, lease, or
sell all buildings ami tenements and any lands ap-
pertaining to the same, or otherwise, formerly owned
by or claimed as the property of the so-called confed-
erate States, and any buildings or lands held in trust
for the same by any person or pc rsom, and to use tho
same or appropriate the proceeds derived therefrom
to the education of tho freed people; and whenever
the bureau shall be withdrawn, States which have
