1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f
39tii Cong.... 1st
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Virginia, to guard against invasion, or to operate
offensively, as might prove necessary."
Official reports show that on the 1st of March,
1865, the aggregate national, military force of
all arms, officers and men, "was 965,591, to wit:
Available force present for duty  602,598
On detached service in the different military
departments 132,538
In field hospitals or unfit for duty    35,628
In general hospitals or on sick leave at home...143,419
Absent on furlough or as prisoners of w.ar ?1'<?95
Absent without leave  19,683
Grand aggregate 965,591
This force was augmented on the 1st day of
May, 1865, by enlistments, to the number of
1,000,516 of all arms, officers and men.
The aggregate available force present for
duty on the 1st of March was distributed in the
different commands as follows :
Army of the Potomac  103,273
Headquarters military division of the Missis-
sippi    17
Department of the Cumberland  62,626
Department of the Tennessee  45,649
Left wing army of Georgia   31,644
Cavalry corps military division of tho Mis-
sissippi ;... 27,410
He-tdquuiters military division of West Mis-
sissippi  '.  24
Reserve brigades military division of West
Mississippi  13,748
Department of the Gulf.  35,625
Department of Arkansas  24,509
Department of the Mississippi  24,151
Sixteenth Army corps   14,395
Headquarters military division of the Mis-
souri  12
Department of the Missouri  18,557
Department of the Northwest  4,731
Headquarters Middle military division  841
Cavalry forces Middle military division  12,980
Nineteenth Army corps  6,612
Middle department  2,089
Department of Washington  26,056
Department of West Virginia  15,517
Department of Pennsylvania    820
Department of the East  7,462
Department of Virginia  45,986
Department of North Carolina  34.945
Department of the South  11,510
Department of Kentucky  10, /55
Northern department...  11,229
Depai tment of the Pacific  7,024
Department of New Mexico  2,501
Grand total  602,598
The active operations of 1885 began with
the reduction of Port Fisher, by a combined
expedition of land and naval forces. The port
of Wilmington, North Carolina^ during the
whole war, had been a principal point of foreign
trade with the rebels. The advantage of its
position defied the most rigorous blockade,
and, after the fall of Savannah, it was the only
gate through which foreign supplies could pass
to the rebels. The strong works and garrison
of Fort Fisher, at the mouth of Cape Fear
river, were the main defense of Wilmington.
On the 13th of December a force of about
6,500 men, under Major General Butler, started
from Fortress Monroe to operate, in conjunc-
tion with a naval force under Admiral Porter,
against Fort Fisher. General Butler effected a
landing on the 25th of December, but reem-
barked on the 27th, and returned with his troops
to Fortress Monroe. The Lieutenant General
ordered thes enterprise to be renewed by Gen-
eral Terry, who, on the 2d of January, was
placed in command of the same troops, with a
reenforcement that made the whole number
about 8,000. On the morning of the 13th of
January the troops were disembarked, under
cover of a heavy and effective fire from the fleet.
An assault was made in the afternoon of the
loth of January, and, after desperate hand-
to-hand fighting for several hours, the works
were carried, the enemy driven out, and about
midnight the whole garrison, with its com-
mander, General Whiting, surrendered. The
fall of Fort Fisher carried with it the other
defenses of Cape Fear river. Fort Caswell
and the works on Smith's Island fell into our
hands on the 16th and 17th, Fort Anderson on
the 19th, and, General Schofield advancing,
the enemy were driven from Wilmington on
the 21st of February. _
Early in the month of January Major General
Sherman, havingrefitted his army, entered upon
his campaign from Savannah,through the States
of South Carolina and North Carolina, the in-
cidents of which are detailed in his accompany-
ing report. Its result is thus stated in his special
Field Order No. 76:
"Waiting at Savannah only long enough to fill our
wagons, we again began a march, which, for peril,
labor, and results, will" compare with any ever made
by an organized army. The floods of the Savannah,
the swamps of the Combahee and Edisto, the high
hills' and rocks of the Santee, the flat quagmires of
the Pedee and Cape Fear rivers, were all passed in
mid-winter, with its floods and rains, in the face of an
accumulating enemy; and after thcbattlesof Averys-
boro' and Bentonville, we once more came out of the
wilderness to meet our friends at Goldsboro'. Even
then we paused only long enough to getnew clothing,
to reload our wagons, and again pushed on to Raleigh
and beyond, until we met our enemy suing for peace
instead of war, and offering to submit to the injured
laws of his and our country."
The operations in General Canby's military
division also exercised an important influence
at this juncture. After the disaster upon the
Red river, a change of the military organiza-
tion west of the Mississippi was made to meet
the emergency. The departm ents of Arkansas
and the Gulf, including Louisiana and Texas,
were united in one military division. West Mis-
sissippi, under the command of Major General
Canby. His efforts were directed to the organ-
ization and concentration of the forces and ma-
terial within his division, and in measures to
prevent the rebel troops west of the Missis-
sippi from reenforcing the armies operating east
of that river. In the month of July, Fort
Gaines, Fort Powell, and Fort Morgan, con-
stituting important defenses ofMobilebay, were
reduced by a combined movement of land forces,
under General Gordon Granger, detached by
General Canby, and cooperating with a _ naval
force under Admiral Farragut. Early in the
spring of 1805, a large force, under Generals
A. J. Smith, Gordon Granger, and F. Steele,
was directed against the cily of Mobile. The
enemy were driven out of Spanish Fort by bom-
bardment, Fort Blakely was taken by assault,
and tho city of Mobile was evacuated by the
enemy on the 12th of April. The brilliance of
these achievements has been overshadowed by
the grander scale of operations in other quar-
ters, but their skill" and success are worthy of
high admiration. After the fall of Savannah,
Charleston, and Wilmington, the enemy had
placed his last hopes on retaining a foothold in
the cotton States at Mobile. It was strongly
fortified and garrisoned, and orders were issued
to hold it at every hazard.
In the latter part of February, General Sher-
idan, under direction of the Lieutenant Gen-
eral, moved from Winchester to Staunton,
which place he captured on the 2d of March,
taking prisoners, artillery, and military stores.
He thence moved on Charlottesville, and de-
stroyed the Richmond and Lynchburg railroad,
and'the bridges across the Rivanna river. Di-
viding his forces, one column moved to Isew
Market and crossed the James River canal; the
other column pushed toward Lynchburg, de-
stroying the railroad to Amherst Court-f louse.
These columns, reuniting, moved to the White
House, on the Pamunkey effecting great de-
struction of the canal on their route, and thence
put themselves in communication with tho
forces around Richmond.
The month of March, 1865, opened the great
campaign against Richmond and the rebel
army that had so long defended the rebel cap-
ital. . ,
Instructions were given by the Lieutenant
General on the 24th of March for a general
movement of the national forces around Rich-
mond. It commenced on the morning of the
29th of March. Ten days' marching and fight-
ing finished the campaign. Richmond, Peters-
burg, the army of Virginia, and its commander,
were captured. J efferson Davis and his so-
called confederate government were fugitives
or prisoners of war. Davis lied from Richmond
in the afternoon of Sunday, the 2d day of April.
The national forces occupied Petersburg and
entered Richmond Monday morning. Lee's
army was pursued until it reached Appomattox
Court-House, where, on Sunday, the 9th day
of April, it laid down its arms on the terms
prescribed -by General Grant.
From this period the history of the war is
but an enumeration of -successive surrenders by
rebel commanders. On the 26th day of April
General Johnston surrendered his command to
Major General Sherman, at Raleigh, North
Carolina. General Howell Cobb, with twelve
hundred militia and five generals, surrendered
to General Wilson, at Macon, Georgia, on the
20th of April. General Dick Taylor, on the
14th of May, surrendered all the remaining rebel
forces east of the Mississippi to General Canby.
On the 11th of May, Jefferson Davis, disguised
and in flight, was captured at Irwinsville, Geor^
gia. On tho 26th of May, General Ivirby Smith
surrendered his entire command west of the
Mississippi to Major General Canby. With
this surrender the organized rebel force disap-
peared from the territory of the United States.
The flag of tho United States was lowered
at Port Sumter on the 14th of April, 1861, by
Major Anderson, who, long .besieged by over-
whelming rebel forces, was compelled, with his
small garrison, to evacuate the works. On the
anniversary of that day, four years later, the
rebel forces having been driven from Charles-
ton, the national banner was planted again upon
Fort Sumter, under the orders of the President,
by the hands of General Anderson, with appro-
priate military and naval ceremonies, and a
commemorative address delivered by Rev.
Henry Ward Beecher.
Their victorious campaigns ended, the armies
of the Tennessee and the Cumberland, and the
army of the Potomac, marched through Rich-
mond to the Federal capital, where they were
reviewed by the President and the distinguished
commanders under whom they had so long and
so gallantly served in the field. After this na-
tional ceremony they and their fellow-soldiers
in other commands, were paid, and, as rapidly
as the condition of affairs would admit, were
released from the military service of the country;
and, returning to their homes in the several
Stales, they were welcomed with the thanks and
rejoicings of a grateful people.
One other event may properly be noticed in
this report, as a part of the military history of the
rebellion. While our armies, by their gallantry
and courage and the skill of their command-
ers, wore overcoming all resistance in the field
to the national authority, a swift and sudden
blow was aimed at the national existence, and
at the life of the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, which, for atrocity in its cir-
cumstances, the cruel art that designed it, and
the peril to which it exposed the Government,
is unsurpassed in the history of nations. Short-
ly before the Richmond campaign opened,
President Lincoln went to the headquarters of
Lieutenant General Grant., where he remained
until the capture of Petersburg and Richmond.
After their occupation by our forces, he visited
those cities, and returned to Washington on the
evening of Sunday, the 9th day of April. The
dispatch of the Lieutenant General, announ-
cing General Lee's surrender, was communi-
cated to him about eleven o'clock Sunday
night. From that time until he was assassi-
nated, his attention was earnestly directed to
the restoration of peace and the reorganization
of civil government in the insurgent States. In
a public address to an assemblage that met at tho
Executive Mansion on the evening of Wednes-
day, the 12th of April, to_ congratulate him on
the success of our arms, his views and some of
his measures were explained. On the night
of the following Friday the President was shot
by an assassin, and expired at about seven
o'clock on the morning of Saturday, the loth
of April. This assassination appeared to bo
part of a deliberate, comprehensive conspiracy
to assassinate the President, \ ice 1 resident
Secretary of State, Lieutenant General, and
other officers of the Government, with a view
