1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
to change it. It. will not be permanent be-
yond the power of Congress; but it is proposed
to make it permanent lor the purpose of being
constantly in the Indian country, and to see
that the laws made by Congress for the regu-
lation and intercourse with the Indian tribes
are properly preserved; to see that the agents
themselves perform their duties properly; to
see that the vast appropriations which Congress
makes are properly expended; and to see that
the intercourse between the whites and the
Indians is regulated by the provisions of the
treaties which we have made and ratified with
them.
I say that this bill is the partial result of the
deliberations of that congressional committee
of investigation. I do not think there is a
member of that committee who traveled among
the Indian tribes but what became convinced
of the necessity of some action of this kind.
Neither do 1 think there is a member of that
committee who is not satisfied that the small
appropriation last year was more than ten
times saved to the Government by the super-
vision that that committee exercised over the
Indian tribes, and over the disbursements of
money, and over the operations of military
officers.
Now, sir, the objection of the Senator from
Ohio, also, I think, is founded in misconcep-
tion. This bill docs not propose to organize
any machinery of courts. It floes not propose
to give any sort of jurisdiction except that given
to court commissioners. In the present con-
dition of affairs there is no means for the pre-
vention of crime, no means for the arrest and
summary examination of offenders in the In-
dian country. The agencies among the tribes
are remotely situated from places where there
are courts, and it is necessary that there should
be somebody who has additional authority to
arrest offenders and make a preliminary exam-
ination, and bind over the parties who are
guilty of infringing the treaties or of trespass-
ing upon the rights of the Indians. I appre-
hend, if the power is conferred which is proposed
to be conferred by this bill 011 the agents and
commissioners, it will be in the power of the
agents and these commissioners, in exercising
this very slight judicial authority which is
vested in them as court commissioners, to
prevent outrages, and to summarily arrest
persons who are guilty of depredating upon
the Indians, and thus inaugurating those causes
out of which Indian wars grow. I believe we
have organized territorial governments over
every foot of our vast domain.
It is merely proposed that these commission-
ers shall have power to arrest and make a pre-
liminary examination and bind over parties to
appear at the nearest courts within the Terri-
tories. The United States has district courts
within all its Territories now. Many of these
tribes are remote from places where courts are
holden, and this bill merely gives that sort of
jurisdiction which will enable an Indian agent
or one of these commissioners to pick up a dep-
redator in the Indian country one hundred,
two hundred, or three hundred miles from the
courts, and to have the military compel his
attendance. They can examine the case, and
if they find there is sufficient cause, they can
bind him over for his appearance at a court
within the Territory, where he can be indicted
and tried according to the provisions of the
laws of (he United States, and punished for
whatever offenses he may have committed.
Many of our Indian wars grow out of depre-
dations on the part of the Indians, stealing,
robbing, and plundering the whites, and occa-
sionally committing murder. In the way the
territorial governments and the courts are or-
ganized at this time, there are no officers
clothed with the power with which we propose
to clothe these officers, who can arrest those
sort of criminals and have them brought to
speedy justice. 1 am satisfied that if this slight
jurisdiction which it is proposed to confer 011
these parties be conferred it will never in any
way increase the expenditure of the courts.
The Senator from Ohio must be aware that
whatever business grows out of the arrests,
these preliminary examinations cannot in any
great degree increase the legitimate expenses
of the courts. They have their judges, their
marshals, and their grand and petit juries who
are paid by the United States. This will
merely facilitate the transfer of criminals from
remote districts to the district court of the
United States, where they can be tried by the
court in session, and where all the expenses
are now paid by the Government.
There cannot by any possibility be any very
great increase of expenditure, and if the ex-
penditure should be increased a few thousand
dollars I apprehend the restraint which would
be imposed upon the class of people who are
found in the Indian country would more than
compensate the Government for any appropri-
ations that might be necessary for arresting
and sending these criminals to courts for trial.
It is understood that there is great laxity of
law in the Indian country, and men go there
with impunity, and often for the purpose of
committing depredations. If it is understood
that there are officers on the spot, that there
are commissioners and Indian agents there
fully authorized to have them arrested, and to
call on the military for that purpose, and to
have preliminary examinations and bind them
over for trial to the district court of the United
States, I think it will have a salutary influence
in controlling that class of people who go into
the Indian country for evil purposes. I trust
that the bill will pass. I did not propose to
argue it at any length. It has been already
sufficiently explained by members of the com-
mittee. I simply rose to meet some of the ob-
jections which have been presented by honox--
ablc Senators.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to add to the re-
marks that I have made on this bill that I be-
lieve this fourth section to be a good section.
If there was nothing else but that in the bill,
I think it ought to pass. This fourth section
does provide for Indian agents and Indian su-
perintendents to have some judicial power.
The only fault I see in it is that it does not pro-
vide for anybody to execute their processes,
but it does give them power to hear and deter-
mine certain cases.
Mr. NESMITH. They have power to call
on the military commander.
Mr. POMEROY. In all the intercourse I
have had with the Indians I have seen the ne-
cessity for some power of this kind. A diffi-
culty arises among the members of a tribe;
they come to the agent with it; the agent says
lie has 110 power to hear it; he cannot deter-
mine anything. Then whon the agent turns
him away, the Indian undertakes to attend to
it himself, and it becomes his duty according to
their law, if he be near akin to the person in-
jured or killed, to go and avenge it with his
own hand. He is expected to do so, and their
law sustains him in it, requires it of him. This
section is desirable ; it is a great want; it has
always been felt by those who had intercourse
with the Indian tribes, that the law was deficient
because no one was authorized to hear and
determine cases among Indians. I think this
section of the bill should certainly commend
itself to every one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hex-
iiricks in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin to the second section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
bill by inserting in section three, after the word
i: applied " in lino eight, the word "purchased,"
so as to make it the duty of the inspectors to
ascertain " whether all moneys, goods, and
supplies are faithfully and justly applied, pur-
chased, and distributed." It has been sug-
gested to me that there is often as much fraud
in the purchase of the articles which are given
to the Indians as there is in their distribution,
that oftentimes contracts are entered into to
make the purchases at particular places and
then the profits are divided. I do not know as
to the truth of these things, but it can do no
harm to put in the word "purchased" so that
it shall be the duty of this board to inquire as
well into the purchase of the articles as their
distribution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand the
nature of the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from Illinois a few moments ago ; and there
was an amendment adopted just before that;
was it not on the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Kansas?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment referred to was propose<M>y the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr.'CONNESS. I wish to say a few more
words on the subject of this bill, but_I suppose
they had better be reserved until its friends
have amended it as they see fit to do. 1 sug-
gest now, however, to the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs that all his
arguments, if they are good, for an increase of
the salary of Indian agents to $1,800, apply for
a comparative increase to those living beyond
the region of the Sierra Nevada mountains.
That distinction has been heretofore kept up,
now exists, and is necessary. A salary of
$1,800 per annum there is scarcely sufficient
for the subsistence of any man. It will be re-
membered that when the hill reorganizing In-
dian affairs in California was passed I called
the attention of the Senate to it, and the high-
est sum they would agree to allow then was
$1,800 per amnum, which is there a very in-
considerable sum. I only make the suggestion
to the chairman while he is amending his bill;
I suggest that he may make the salary $2,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Letthem all be the same.
Mr. GRIMES. Every one of them has a
house and farm.
Mr. CONNESS. No, they have not; there
is not one in our State that has.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin whether the provision in regard
to religious denominations making recommen-
dations ought not to be confined to those denom-
inations that support missionaries among the
Indians. I do not care what denomination
does it, but there are some denominations who
support missionaries and take an interest in
Indian affairs, and some do not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those that do not will
not recommend.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think we had better
leave it general, as it stands.
Mr. SPRA GUE. I should like to know how
the different denominations are to unite upon
a candidate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the question was stated to be on
concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota ; I think it was understood that should
be voted on separately.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand that
there was a vote taken on the suggestion of the
Senator from Minnesota to change the first sec-
tion of the bill; it was a mere suggestion not
put in the form of an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICE R. Unless other-
wise ordered, the question will be taken sepa-
rately on concurring on each amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was after the words "per annum " in the
sixteenth line of the second section to insert
the words "in full for services, mileage, and
all other expenses."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the second section the words " inspector,
but shall be entitled to the same pay, mileage,
and allowances as when employed in the mil-
itary service.''
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was after the word
■'applied," in line eight of section three, to
insert "purchased."
The amendment was concurred in.
