10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 22,
Senate & Ho. ox? Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39th Cong....1st
to its disorganisation. About the same hour
of the President's murder, an effort was made
to assassinate the Secretary of State, who was
then confined to his bed by serious injuries,
accidentally received a few days before. He
and other members of his family were danger-
ously wounded. Some of the parties engaged
in this conspiracy were tried, convicted, and
executed; and others are still under sentence
©f imprisonment for life. The details are given
in the report of the Judge Advocate General.
The designs upon the Vice President and the
Lieutenant General failed; and, upon the death
of the President, the Vice President was sworn
into office, and assumed the duties of President
of the United States. These events were
promptly communicated to the armies by gen-
eral orders, and from thenceforth until the
present time the Government has been admin-
istered by Andrew Johnson, as Chief Execu-
tive and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy.
The destruction of the rebel military power
opened the way to reestablish civil government
in the insurgent States. Prom that period the
functions of the military department became
simply cooperative with other branches of the
Federal Government.
Nashville, Tennessee, was the first capital of
an insurgent State in which the Federal author-
ity was reestablished. The rebel army was
driven out on the 23d day of February, 1862,
and that city occupied by the Union forces.
On the 3d day of March, 18G2; Andrew John-
son, then Senator in Congress from the State of
Tennessee—the only Senator from an insurgent
State who retained his scat in Congress—was
appointed military governor of the State of
Tennessee. He accepted the appointment, and
promptly entered upon his duties, and contin-
ued to exercise them until his resignation on
the 3d day of March, 1865. In all the vicissi-
tudes of war his administration was directed to
the establishment and maintenance of the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States wjthin
and over the State of Tennessee. Without en-
tering upon details, it is sufficient to remark
thai extension of civil authority kept pace with
the reduction of the rebel power. The Federal
courts were opened, and justice administered.
Under Ids direction, against many discourage-
ments and much opposition, groat advance was
made toward the full reestablishment of civil
authority, and the restoration of the State to its
practical relations to the Federal Government.
He issued a proclamation on the 0th of Janu-
ary, 1804, for the election of township and
county officers, justices of the peace, consta-
bles, trustees, sheriff's, clerks, registers, and
tax collectors. In the month of May a con-
vention was held at Knoxvillc, East Tennessee,
to devise measures for restoring civil govern-
ment in the State.
In the month of August another convention
was called to meet at Nashville on the 5th of
September, to reorganize the State. A full
convention being prevented by the condition of
military affairs, this body recommended that
another convention, " elected by the loyal peo-
ple," should assemble at an early day to revise
the State constitution. The governor issued a
proclamation on the 7th of September, announ-
cing that he should proceed to appoint officers
and establish tribunals '' in all the counties and
districts of the State whenever the people gave
evidence of loyalty and a desire for civil govern-
ment, and a willingness to sustain the officers
and tribunals.A convention was called to
meet on the flth of January, 1805, at Nashville,
to revise the State constitution. This conven-
tion met, amendments to the State constitution
were adopted, slavery was abolished, and pro-
vision made for submitting the amendments to
the people, and for holding elections. The
amendments were ratified by popular vole. A
Governor, Legislature,and m embers of Congress
were subsequently (on the 4th of March) elected
by the people. The Legislature assembled on the
first Monday of April; the abolition of slavery
was enacted, Senators to Congress elected, and
a State government was fully organized, and
has since continued in action. This system of
reorganization having been found practicable
by actual experience, it was adopted by the
President, with such modifications as he deemed
proper, for all the insurgent States, and is now
in course of execution.
The disposition exhibited after the surrender
of their armies in all the insurgent States to
submit to the national authority dispensed with
the necessity of keeping large armies on foot,
and indicated the degree to which the war power
might be reduced. So much only of the na-
tional military force has been kept in each State
as is needed to keep the peace, protect the
public property, and enforce the laws.
It was apparent that by the surrender of Gen-
eral Lee and his army, the military power, on
which alone the rebellion rested, was irre-
trievably broken, no doubt being entertained
that Lee's surrender would be followed by that
of Johnston, and perhaps by all other com-
manders of the insurgent forces. The attention
of the Department was immediately directed to
the following objects, and on the 13th of April,
four days after Lee's surrender, public notice
was given that orders would be speedily issued
to carry them into effect, namely:
First. To slop all drafting and recruiting in
the loyal States.
. Second. To curtail purchases of arms, am-
munition, quartermaster and commissary sup-
plies, and reduce the expenses of the military
establishment in the several branches.
Third. To reduce the number of general and
staff' officers to the actual necessities of the ser-
vice.
Fourth. To remove all military restrictions
upon trade and commerce, so far as might be
consistent, with the public safety.
These measures have been carried into effect
from time to time, as the exigencies of the ser-
vice would admit. It will bo seen from the
report of the Adjutant General that troops to
the number of 800,903 have already been mus-
tered, paid off, and disbanded. Further re-
duction is contemplated. Upon the discharge
of troops the services of a great number of
staff, field, and general officers were no longer
required. Of these some have resigned, and
others were honorably mustered out. No doubt
in many instances it has been painful for gal-
lant and accomplished officers to leave that ser-
vice to which they have been accustomed, and
whore they have won honorable distinction.
But it. is to the credit of the volunteer service
that they have recognized the obligation of the
Government to reduce the military establish-
ment with the occasion that called it into exist-
ence, and that their own wishes or interests
have not been importunately urged against the
necessities of the service.
The disposition of the Veteran Reserve corps
presented some considerations of peculiar na-
ture. It was the inclination of the Department
to retain it in service until the meeting of Con-
gress. But inquiry showed thai a very small
per cent, of enlisted men were content to re-
main in service. All who desired have there-
fore been discharged, and supernumerary offi-
cers mustered out..
Recruiting to fill the regular regiments has
continued. Several thousand applications for
commissions in the regular service arc on file.
These commissions, hitherto, have been con-
ferred only by promotion from the ranks. But
to secure the requisite number of competent
officers, a board has been appointed to ex-
amine applicants and determine their relative
merit. From the list selected by the board,
and in the order of merit, appointments are to
be made. Two years' actual service in the war
is indispensable for appointment.
The establishment of a well-organized militia
system is one of the most important subjects
that will demand the attention of Congress.
This subject has already received careful con-
sideration, and it is believed that, after con-
ference with the appropriate committees, a
practical system may be agreed upon.
Measures for the establishment of homes,
and some provisions for the aid and relief of
wounded and disabled soldiers, is also a sub-
ject that will commend itself strongly to every
patriotic heart. Whether this duty, which the
country owes to patriots who have suffered in
the national defense, can best be performed by
the national Government or administered .by
the respective State authorities, and whether
relief can best be afforded by an increase of
pension, or by establishing homes, are points
on which opinions differ, and which can only
be settled by the wisdom of Congress.
The Board of Visitors to the Military Acad-
emy at West Point, in June last, made an
elaborate report, which is herewith submitted.
They recommend a reorganization, and a num-
ber of measures which, in their opinion, will
enhance the benefits of that national institu-
tion. To these the attention of Congress is
respectfully invited, with the recommendation
that the number of cadets be increased, as rec-
ommended, and that the superintendence of
the institution be no longer confined to the En-
gineer Bureau. It is believed that the Mili-
tary Academy is at present well conducted,
and that their responsible duties are efficiently
performed by the officers, professors, and in-
structors charged with the institution.
The war appropriations at the last session
of Congress, as has been stated, amounted to
the sum of $516,240,131 70. The estimates
for the next fiscal year, commencing June 30,
1800, are §33,814,461 83.
These estimates are based upon a standing
force of 50,000 men, so organized as to admit
of an increase, without additional organiza-
tions, to 82,000 troops of all arms.
This estimate has been made after conference
and careful consideration, and is believed to
be adequate for any national exigency, if the
country should be blessed with peace. The
reduction of the national military force, in its
rapidity and numbers, is without example, and
if there be any alarm in the public mind because
this reduction is made while grave questions at
home and abroad are unsettled, a brief consid-
eration of the subject will show that there is no
cause for apprehension.
The force to be retained is small compared
with that which was organized to subdue the
rebellion. But the only reasons demanding
greater force are—1, renewal of the insurrec-
tion ;' 2, a foreign war. For either or both
emergencies the national resources remain am-
ple. The chief demands for the war, as shown
by our experience, are—1, troops; 2, arms and
ammunition; 3, clothing; 4, transportation;
and 5, subsistence supplies.
The troops disbanded were chiefly volunteers,
who went,to the field to uphold the system of
free government established by their fathers,
and which they mean to bequeath to their chil-
dren. Their ioils and sufferings, their marches,
battles, and victories, have not diminished the
value of that Government to them; so that any
now rebellion would encounter equal or greater
force for its reduction; and none can ever spring
up with such advantages at the start, or be con-
ducted with superior means, ability, orprospect
of success. A foreign war would intensify the
national feeling, and thousands, once misled,
would rejoice to atone their error by rallying to
the national flag. The question of time in
which armies could be raised to quell insurrec-
tion or repel invasion is, therefore, the only
question relating to troops. Our experience on
this point is significant. AVhen Lee's army sur-
rendered, thousands of recruits were pouring
in, and men were discharged from recruiting
stations and rendezvous in every State. On
several occasions, when troops were promptly
needed to avert impending disaster, vigorous
i exertion brought them into the field from remote
States, with incredible speed. Official reports
show that after the disasters on the Peninsula,
in 1802, over eighty thousand troops were en-
