2450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
this Government to control the elections against
them will signally and ignominiously fail.
I am, therefore, in favor of going just as far
as we can go in maturing and passing a proper
measure to correct abuses, and to protect the
men ivho are filling the public offices against
the attempt, whether it come from men in this
Chamber or out of it, to remove faithful officers
who adhere to their opinions, and appoint such
men as the postmaster at Hartford, whom we
have confirmed this year, and who has turned
his back upon us—a man who was lingering
around here last year with $40,000 of money
in his pocket to influence and control Congress.
I think we have time enough, as was said by
the Senator from Maine this morning, to pre-
pare such a bill and act upon it; arid if we fail in
that we shall still have time enough to take up
the measure now proposed or some other meas-
ure of a similar character, and put it upon some
other appropriation bill. We can do that to-
ward the close of the session; we can do it after
we have done what was suggested yesterday by
the Senator from Nevada, after we have devel-
oped a plan that we approve anc^ that will be
conducive to the interests of the country.
For this reason I do not think there is any
haste in this matter or any occasion for pressing
this amendment now; and I am very much sur-
prised at the earnestness with which it is pressed.
I think it of far more importance that whatever
measure we agree upon shall receive the care-
ful and deliberate judgment of our friends, and
that they shall act together, rather than that
we shall press this amendment by a divided
vote, with some of the ablest and most trusted
members of the Senate opposed t© putting it
upon this hill.
It is said that if this bill does not become
law because of the putting of this amendment
upon it, somebody else will be held responsi-
ble for its failure. I do not agree to that doc-
trine. If we pass a bill and it does not become
a law, the country will judge upon its merits as
between us and any other branch of the Gov-
ernment. If wo pat it upon an appropriation
bill, and the appropriation bill fails, the peo-
ple will judge not of the proposition itself, but
of the propriety of putting it upon an appropri-
ation bill. That is my judgment on this bill;
and so feeling, though it is with a great deal
of reluctance that I differ from friends in whom
I have the greatest confidence, and whose wishes
I always like to comply with if possible, I shall
vote against putting this amendment upon the
bill now pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
a little surprised at the character of the speech
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.] I will endeavor to notice his objections
to this amendment, each of them, but his main
one I will notice a little more at length. His
first objection, as I understood him," was that
the member of the Finance Committee having
charge of this bill [Mr. Sherman] objected to
this amendment, and therefore he was not in-
clined to put it upon this bill. The Senator
from Massachusetts knows that the member of
the Finance Committee having charge of an
appropriation bill objects to any amendments
proposed to be put upon it always. Tie con-
siders it his duty, having charge of the bill, t.o
object to extraneous matter being put on it;
but I think there is no member of the Senate
who has oftener put such measures upon such
bills than the Senator from Massachusetts
himself.
Mr. WILSON. My amendments were always
right. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course they were ex-
cellent amendments when the Senator from
Massachusetts offered them; he never offers
any other. [Laughter.] There is no doubt of
that. In that respect lam not equally fortunate.
I am aware that the chairman of the commit-
tee, whether it be the Senator from Maine or
the Senator from Ohio who has charge of an
appropriation hill, is always averse to amend-
ments, and the moment ]!e gees any member
of the Senate rise with a view of offering an
amendment, no matter what it is, he is gener-
ally against it. I say generally; I believe it is
almost universally true, and I do not know any-
body, unless it is the good-nat.ured Senator from
Massachusetts, that can ever get an amendment
so perfectly right that they will agree to it.
But, sir, the Senator tells us that he is
opposed to putting on this measure here by a
divided vote among his friends. That is the
extraordinarypartofthe Senator's speech. Sir,
I am reminded of the juryman who ha.d been
shut up with ''eleven obstinate men." "Di-
vided friends!" Who divides them? How is
this amendment defeated? Has the Senator
from Massachusetts looked around the Senate
and seen who is voting with him ? He prefers
to go with his enemies rather than his friends,
does he? What chance was there to carry the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] here except by Democratic allies?
What chance to reconsider this proposition by
your friends?
"Call you that backing your friends," to
unite with .your enemies to beat them, and then
come into the Senate here and boast that you
are opposed to dividing your friends? It is a
curious way indeed of backing one's friends, to
unite with the enemy. Does not the Senator
know that three fourths of the "friends" that
he acts with are in favor of this measure? And
he talks about "dividing" them. He is the
twelfth juryman, and the other eleven divide
from him, and ho is opposed to having any
divided jury! Why do not the eleven men
come and act with him? The Senator from
Massachusetts asks, I think eighteen Senators,
all liis friends, to go to him and a few others
who are voting with the Opposition in this
body 
Mr. WILSON. Ten others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Himself and ten others
voting with the Opposition in this body. One
third vote against two thirds of his friends, and
then he complains of a division of his friends,
and he divides off and goes with the enemy in
a political point of view. Sir, that is the most
extraordinary argument that I have ever heard
in the Senate, and is only to be illustrated, as I
have said, by the eleven obstinate jurors who
would not agree with the twelfth man.
He is for a general bill. How many of your
allies that are voting down this proposition will
vote for a general bill? How do you expect
to carry your general bill? Here are eighteen
of your friends who are for this measure. Do
you expect to carry your general bill without
them? How many votes do you get for it?
Ten. The Senator tells me ten. He will not
find the Senator from Kentucky and the Sen-
ator from Delaware voting with him for his
general bill. When he brings that in, he will
find that he cannot carry it, that his allies will
not stand by him.
Sir, I am making these remarks not by way
of imputing anything to Senators who differ
with me in reference to this measure. They
doubtless think it is not best to put it on here;
but I am making these remarks in reply to the
charge that we are dividing our friends. The
Senator from Massachusetts has brought it here
and charges upon me and those with whom I
set, two thirds of our friends, that we are di-
viding them, and it is in reply to that that I
say the responsibility is on his own head, that
he has deserted his friends in this respect when
lie deserts a majority of them and goes with his
enemies: and I tell him that his general bill
stands no chance at all to be carried by the
forces with whom he is now acting.
Mr. POLAND. We expect you to vote for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont quietly says that he expects me to vote
for that. By what right? Why do you expect
me to vote with ten of you? Why expect the
eleven jurymen to go over to the one man?
Mr. POLAND. Because it is right.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Becauseitisright! Well,
that is the same reason that the Senator from
Massachusetts gave a moment ago, that when
he offered an amendment to an appropriation
bill it was always right. The Senator from
Vermont says it is right. The Senator from
Vermont on one side of me, and the Senator
from Massachusetts on the other, two righteous
men, never make a mistake, and they expect
everybody to go with them Sir, I think they
should have some allowance for their brother
Senators and suppose that it is very possible
that they may be right, that it is barely possible
that a majority of their friends may be right
and they may be wrong, that it is barely pos-
sible that they ought not to be so very' strong in
their convictions that they know what is right
and exactly how it ought to be done.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to go over the
grounds of this" measure again. - As it now
stands before the Senate, it is simply a propo-
sition not to pay men put in office, as I think
every Senator on the floor will admit, in vio-
lation of the Constitution ; for if the Constitu-
tion means anything, it means that the Presi-
dent can only till up offices in case of vacancies
which happened during the recess of the Sen-
ate; and if the vacancy has not happened
during the recess of the Senate he has no
authority under the Constitution to fill it. In
reference to the power of removal and appoint-
ment to offices, which are one act, the incum-
bent holding until his successor is appointed
and qualified, there no vacancy exists. That
was the opinion of Mr. Hamilton. That was
not the case of the happening of a vacancy,
because, as I said when up before, the vacancy
is contingent on the appointment and qualifi-
cation of the successor, and there is no point
of time when the office is vacant; and if the
successor fails to qualify after he is appointed,
the incumbent holds on except in cases where
the officer is suspended and the office is put in
charge of a special officer of some of the
Departments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to ask him a question right
on that point? I will put. this ease: suppose
that in vacation the collector of customs in the
city of New York is found by the President to
be actually squandering the public moneys, can
the President remove him from the office?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a question not
involved in this matter at all. This lias noth-
ing to do with it. The proposition before the
Senate has nothing to do with such a case. It
is contended that the power has been exercised
by the President as a general thing, in vacation,
of removing a man and putting another in his
pltlCG.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question is whether
the President cannot remove a man and create
a vacancy. Suppose he finds a collector "of
customs stealing the mofiey, can he not put
him out of office ? Must he allow him to stay
in office until some other man is appointed and
confirmed by the Senate to take his place?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware of his
ever dismissing a man under such circum-
stances
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like the Sen-
ator to answer the question whether he believes
the President has power to do that or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator wishes to
ask me a question not involved in this matter
at all. I am not on the question of removals;
I have not argued to any extent the question
of removals from office.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Sen-
ator from Illinois to say that it was impossible
that there could be a vacancy created by the
President in making a removal; that when a
man was in office, the only way to put him out
was to push him out by pushing another man
into the office. That I understood to be his
argument.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My understanding is
that the President never did remove a man
except by pushing another in his place. There
are cases where he has put a special officer in
charge of an office for the time being. There
are grades in all these offices ; the Postmaster
General has special agents authorized by law
to travel all over the United States and author-
