8412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
NATS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conness, Cragm,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Eoster, Grimes, Harris, Hen-
derson, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Spraguo, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y 2,tcs"™"26 
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Creswell, Dix-
on, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane of Ifansas. Mc-
Dougall, Nesmith, STorton, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Stewart, Van Winkle, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
fourteenth section by striking out all the sec-
tion after the word "justice" in the thirty-
eighth line.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
And after such State shall be fully restored in its
constitutional relations to the Government and shall
be duly represented in the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The effect of this amend-
ment will be to continue the action of this^
bureau until the courts both Federal and State
are in complete and uninterrupted operation
within the States which will be affected by this
measure. Now, sir, the qffestion whether a
State shall be represented in Congress or not,
has no necessary connection with the question
of the internal administration of justice in that
State. In other words, the organization of the
State and Federal courts may be complete, and
their action uninterrupted and perfectly satis-
factory without any adjustment or determina-
tion of the political relations between the State
and the Federal Government so far as regards
membership in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives. Therefore, sir, it is perfectly ab-
surd to make the continuance of this bureau
as an instrument for the administration of jus-
tice dependent upon the future action of Con-
fress with reference to the admission of mein-
ers from any particular State.
If this measure, then, is to stand upon princi-
ple; if you are to have this exceptional juris-
diction and the exceptional powers contem-
plated by this bill; and if you intend that they
shall be exercised because there has been, or
is, or may be, an interruption of the ordinary
course of justice either in the Federal or State
courts—if this is what you intend, let your bill
say so. My amendment will cause it to speak
precisely that language, in conformity, I sup-
pose, with thegeneral objector idea upon which
the measure is founded.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In addition to what has
been said by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
I want to suggest that I am not able to see the
necessity of this section. If the civil rights bill
has any force at all, I cannot see the necessity
of repeating legislation at periods of two months
to the same point. The civil rights bill is
claimed to be a law, having the force of law,
and it regulates the very matter, so far as I can
now recollect, that the fourteenth section in
this bill is intended to regulate. Are Senators
not satisfied with the provisions in what is called
the civil rights bill, or do they think that by
reenacting the same matter it will acquire some
validity? I heard of a clieut employing an
attorney to bring a suit, who a few days after-
ward returned and asked if the suit was brought.
He was told that it was, and then he handed out
some more money as a retaining fee and said
he wanted the man sued harder. [Laughter.]
If it is necessary for Congress to legislate harder
than it has already done in what was called the
civil rights bill, perhaps this section is neces-
sary. The same matters are found in the civil
rights bill substantially that are found in this
section. I think the whole section might be
stricken out
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As a matter of form,
for I ktiow itwill notbe adopted as the amend-
ment just proposed was not, I move to strike
out the fourteenth section.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
Sec. [8] 14, And he it further enactcd, That in every
btate or district where the ordinary course of judicial
proceedings has been interrupted by the rebellion,
and until the same shall be fully restored, and in
every State or district whoso constitutional relations
to the Government have been practically discontin-
ued by the rebellion, and until such State shall liavo
been restored in such relations, and shall be duly
represented in the Congress of the United States, the
right to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be par-
ties, and give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease,
sell, hold, and convey real and personal property,
and to have full and equal benefit^ of all laws and
proceedings concerning personal liberty, personal
security, and the acquisition, enjoyment, and dispo-
sition of estate, real and personal-, including the con-
stitutional rightto bear arms, shall bo secured to and
enjoyed by all the citizcns of such State or district
without respect to race or color or previous condition
of slavery. And whenever in either of said States
or districts the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ing has been interrupted by the rebellion, and until
the samo shall be fully restored, and until such State
shall have been restored in its constitutional rela-
tions to the Government, and shall be duly repre-
sented in the Congress of the United States, the
President shall, through the Commissioner and the
officers of the bureau and under such rules and regula-
tions as the President, through the Secretary of War,
shall prescribe, extend military protection and have
military jurisdiction over all cases and questions con-
cerning the free enjoyment of such immunities and
rights, and no penalty or punishment for any viola-
tion of law shall be imposed or permitted because of
race or color, or previous condition of slavery, other
or greaterthan the penalty or punishment to which
white persons may bo liable by law for the like offense.
But the jurisdiction conferred by this section upon
the officers of the bureau shall not exist in any State
where the ordinary course of judicial proceedings has
not been interrupted by thcrebellion, and shallcease
in every State when the courts of the State and the
United States arenotdisturbedinthepeaccfulcourse
of justice, and after such State shallbe fullyrestored
in its constitutional relations to the Government, and
shall be duly represented in the Congress of the
United States.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the best faith pos-
sible I wish to assist the Senator from Massa-
chusetts in perfecting this bill as nearly as
possible, and in that spirit I move to strike out
all after the word "President" in the ninth
line of the third section down to and including
the word "bureau" in line fourteen. The
words which I propose to strike out are:
And the Commissioner shall, under the direction of
the I^resident, and so far as the same shall be, in his
judgment, necessary for the efficient and economical
administration of the affairs of the bureau, appoint
such agents, clerks, and assistants as may be required
for t'he proper conduct of the bureau.
I was willing, under the leadership of the
Senator from Maine, the other day, to give to
the Secretary of the Treasury a good deal of
discretion ; but in that bill we limited the Sec-
retary to $160,000, and said that in the use of
that much money he should have a discretion,
but on that question the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, I think, and the Senator from Illinois
were very earnest in their arguments to show
that such discretion ought not to be given, but
that when an office was to be created it ought
to be done by law, and when a salary was to
be paid it ought to be paid according to law.
Even my confidence, following the distinguished
chairman of the Finance Committee, was some-
what shaken by the earnest and able arguments
of the two Senators to whom I have referred.
Now, if they were unwilling upon principle—
and they said they stood upon principle alto-
gether, and not at all upon personal prejudice
or jealousy of the Secretary—if upon principle
they were unwilling to give that discretion to
.the Secretary of the Treasury in the payment
of clerks already piovided for by law, under a
limitation as to the amount, how is it that
these distinguished Senators can give to the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau an
unlimited and unrestricted discretion and power
in the appointment of officers? Where is the
limit? He may, in his own discretion, ap-
point such agents and clerks as he shall think
the necessities of the bureau may require. Shall
he appoint one or ten thousand? That de-
pends upon his discretion ; and here distinctly
it, is proposed to give, not even to a Secretary,
but to the head of a bureau, the power to in-
crease the office holders of the country without
limit or restriction. I have thought it to be
my duty to call the attention of Senators to the
question of principle that I consider involved
in this proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL.. It is very manifest that
tbe Senator from Indiana supposes something
is to be made in the country by these various
motions which he makes. He made one a
moment ago to strike out one of the sections
of this bill, and he made a little speech upon
it. He did not make the motion with any
expectation that it would be adopted, not he.
But what was his expectation? Was it possi-
ble that he thought somebody might be misled
by that little speech that he made, when he
said that the civil rights bill covered that thing
and he wanted to know why it was necessary
to reenact it? Is it possible that he supposes
any one is to be misled now by the speech he
has made about conferring these extraordinary
powers upon the head of a bureau? Why, Mr.
President, this is very unlike the proposition
that was up the other day, which I opposed
and which the Senator from Indiana votpdfor.
It is very easy to show to any one who wants
to see it the necessity for the fourteenth sec-
tion of this bill. The civil rights bill is a bill
to have operation in regions of country where
the civil tribunals are established, where the
rebellion is crushed, where the writ of habeas
corpus is authorized, where martial law does
not exist; but the Freedmen's Bureau is a
part of the military establishment of the coun-
try ; it is to have effect where the courts can-
not operate, and this military tribunal, a part
of the military establishment of the country, is
for the purpose of preserving order, rendering
justice, protecting the rights of person and
property in those regions of country, like Vir-
ginia and Alabama, where the civil authority
is not restored; where the President of the
United States allows a man to qualify for office
or not, as in his judgment and discretion he
thinks proper; where he prohibits one officer
to act as judge of probate in Mobile and
another to act as an officer in Norfolk. He
would not do that in the State of Indiana,
where the Senator resides. He does not pre-
tend to exercise any such authority there.
Hence the necessity for the fourteenth section
of this bill conferring judicial authority upon
this portion of the military establishment of
the United States where the country is gov-
erned by the military power.
Now as to the Senator's other amendment.
This provision does not authorize the head of
this bureau to give whatever salary he pleases.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not say that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know the Senator did
not; but the bill for which he voted the other
day did authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to give whatever salary ho pleased. The
Secretary could, under the bill that the Sena-
tor supported and voted for, pay $10,000 to a
single individual. I opposed it because I would
vest no such authority in the Secretary of the
Treasury. I thought that it was a corrupting
fund, not that he will use it that way, but it is
a fund that may bo used for corrupt purposes.
I would not lead the Secretary of the Treasury
into temptation; I would not corrupt the clerks
by expectations of reward out of this fund
placed in his hands and without limit.
But what is this proposition? This propo-
sition is to employ certain elerks or agents at
a salary of not less than §500 nor more than
$1,200, limited expressly. But, says the Sen-
ator, the officer who is to employ these clerks
may employ as many as he pleases. Not at all.
He is limited by the President of the United
States; it must be under his direction; and I
know the Senator from Indiana has just as
high a regard for the President of the United
States as I have; at least, I trust he has. I
believe he professes to have a regard for him,
and he does not believe the President of the
United States would abuse this authority; so
that you have a guarantee hero in an officer
higher and above a Secretary. The Commis-
sioner can employ nobody efceept, it is done
under the direction of the President, who shares
the confidence of the Senator from Indiana.
Therefore, I think be cannot apprehend that
there will be any abuse under this provision
of the bill. The amount of salary is limited.
Certainly the services of a clerk ought to be
