"245£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
the head of a Department acting under him
accepts the resignation; and the question I
put to the Senator from Illinois about resig-
nation requires an act of the President or the
head of a Department under him to make the
vacancy. The President takes part in making
the vacancy; the man cannot make it alone
by mere resignation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator mean
to say that a judge of the Supreme Court of
the United States cannot resign without the
consent of the President?
Mr. DOOLITTLE.. A judge of the Supreme
Court of the United States is not an officer
under the President.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor is any officer an
. officer under the President; he is an officer of
the Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Executive officers are
under the President, and responsible to the
President in the execution of the law. The
. President is responsible for the execution of
the laws and responsible that every executive
officer under him shall execute the laws. He
is sworn to see that they do execute the laws ;
he is the chief of the executive power, upon
whom the responsibility, by the Constitution,
is placed, and therefore these officers are
responsible to him.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Illi-
nois, with all his ingenuity to get around the
question, did not answer the question I put to
him. Suppose that the collector of customs
in the city of New York, immediately after the
adjournment of Congress, or at any time during
the vacation, is found to be embezzling the
public money, is it true, as the Senator main-
tains, thatthePresident cannot create a vacancy,
but that he is still in office and must remain in
office until his successor is appointed and con-
firmed by the Senate V The proposition is mon-
strous. Put another case. Suppose he should
become insane ; suppose that the insanity of
the late collector of the city of New York, our
esteemed friend, who, in a lit of insanity, threw
himself into the Hudson river, had shown itself
during the vacation, would it not be possible
that the President of the United States should
remove him from the office and make a vacancy ?
The Senator contends that (he President can-
not make a vacancy in an office as long as the
man is living and cloes not resign or leave
the country, without thrnsting another man in
to push him out of office. That is a great
fallacy.
The truth is, the power exists, and the Su-
preme Court have so decided, and such has
been the practice of the Government for sev-
enty years ; and I think that all who have pre-
ceded us, although there was some difference
of opinion at the lime, are entitled to some
consideration, and the practice of the Govern-
ment for sixty or seventy years is entitled to
some consideration. The practice has been,
that while the President, could make a removal,
he eouhl not fill an office without the consent
of the Senate, except in the vacation : he could
not do it while the Senate was in session, so
that the officer would not be entitled to take
possession of the office or commence acting ;
but during the vacation, and until the Senate
does meet, he has that power.
I do not mean to go into any argument of
this matter at length ; I will simply state an-
other fact. My friend from Massachusetts, it
seems to me, and some other gentlemen appear
to assume that there is a great abuse of exec-
utive patronage. What do they mean? Do
they refer to an abuse of executive power by
the present Executive ? There is no just ground
for any such complaint. I say to the Senator
from Massachusetts, and he knows it well—it
is a matter spoken of in the papers—that it is
understood that even in his own Cabinet the
President tolerates differences of opinion; that
men are in the Cabinet, one or more, who sym-
pathize with the Senator from Massachusetts
m his peculiar views on reconstruction, and the
President does yiofc even remove a member of
his Cabinet for opinion's sake.
It is true Congress has passed resolutions
from time to time that to the returned and dis-
abled soldiers who have served in the war for
the Union, other things being equal, the public
offices should be given. The Senator from
Massachusetts has advocated that. Our State
Legislatures have resolved to do the same thing.
Our own party Union conventions throughout
the country resolved to do it. Occasionally
perhaps the President may have removed an
incumbent for the purpose of placing, in accord-
ance with the spirit of the times and the demands
both of the resolutions of Congress and of the
various Legislatures, a soldier of this descrip-
tion in his place. There may be other eases,
and they are exceedingly rare—Senators can
point out but very few—where persons have
been removed not for opinion's sake, but some-
times for that personal invective and abuse
upon the Administration which no Adminis-
tration can tolerate with any respect for itself.
I can assure the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that from all that I have seen, my
judgment has come to the conclusion that there
never has been a more tolerant chief exec-
utive magistrate within my recollection than
the one who is now occupying the presidential
chair.
Mr. HOWE. Will my colleague allow meto
call his attention to a paragraph in the papers ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not read the news-
papers much, and I pay very little attention to
what the newspapers say. Latterly, sir, and
for the last five or six months in relation to the
course which has been pursued by me, I have
been the subject of so much misrepresenta-
tion and abuse that I cease to have very much
respect for the newspapers in these times.
Mr. HOWE. I supposed this was a clause
which my colleague had overlooked; it has not
reference to his own course at all, but to the
point which he is just now discussing. I would
like to call his attention to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall be through in a
few moments, and if my colleague wishes then
to read from newspapers, I shall not object.
Mr. HOWE. 7 shall not insist.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was simply saying,
Mr. President, that I believe the Senator from
Massachusetts is taking counsel of his fears,
and not of his judgment; and I believe another
thing, that this unexampled proposition, never
heard of before in the seventy-seven years of
the existence of the Government, is not such a
proposition as the Senate ought to entertain.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin asks mo if I referred to the present Execu-
tive in what I said of executive removals and
abuses. I answer frankly that I did.
Sir, I wish simply to saj  this: during the
last summer and autumn we were assured that
the President was making an experiment in
organizing the rebellious States ; we were told
that if it did not succeed, the remedy was in
the hands of Congress. We were told, also,
that differences of opinion among friends in
regard to (hese modes of reconstruction were
to be freely tolerated. The President went on
in the course he had marked out for himself.
The rebel States were reorganized; and every
one of those States reorganized since the 4th
of March, 1865, is to-day as completely in the
hands of the rebels as it was the day J cff. Davis
was captured. Nearly every one ofthese States
has elected rebels to Congress, three loyal men
in Virginia to the House, none from North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Flor-
ida, Louisiana, one in Mississippi; none yet
elected in Texas, where the election is yet to
come ; Hamilton is fighting for principle and
for the cause, but he is to be overborne by the |
influence and power of traitors. 1 fear he 1
receives no aid from this Administration.
This was the condition of the country when
Congress met. Congress, as in duty bound,
cast about to see what was to be done, to see
that these States should come in here, as I have
once before said, loyal end foremost, and not
rebel end foremost. The advocates of bringing
these States into the Government of the coun-
try, rebel end foremost, through the public
press and in other ways, have been calling on
the President for the last four months to strike
down the men who elected him and to reward
men who would desert the principles, the ideas,
the policy, and the measures of those who pu(
this Administration in power. Faithful, true,
tried, and honest men have been removed from
office to make way for men %vho had no claims
upon office and who have simply shouted hosan-
nas to the President for the purpose of obtain-
ing patronage and power. Was not a soldier
removed in Philadelphia and a man who had
not the public confidence of our friends there
appointed in his place ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. His name.
Mr. WILSON. Sloanalver. Are there not
other cases ? Here is a man appointed mar-
shal in western Pennsylvania who was tried by
court-martial, convicted, and dismissed the
service, and I am told he would have gone to
prison if it had not been for the influence of
friends.
Mr. COWAN. Who were the "friends?"
Mr. WILSON. I know that there are men
in this Capitol to-day who for the last three or
four months have been urging and pressing the
Executive to use the corrupt and corrupting
influences of public patronage for the purpose
of building up and constructing an independ-
ent party—a party that has died before it was
born; and I know that there are men in this
city—I mean the Blairs—who have been on
voyages of discovery, hunting up and picking
out a public man here and there, and offering
them tho kingdoms of this world if they would
betray us.
I kno v that these things are so, and I know
that a committee of this new party was got up,
five of the members of which, I believe, have
already declined because they do not belong to
the concern and were captured without their
consent. Its object was to organize a party to
be built up by public patronage. Sir, you
remember Scovel, of New Jersey; some of us
remember him, how he came down here 'and
blustered about, and declared that he was go-
ing to elect a. Senator from New Jersey against
the President's policy. Now, what would you
think of a letter written by a public officer to
another public officer in New Jersey saying,
"The Secretary of the Treasury directs me by
the order of the President to say to you that
you must remove a certain man in your em-
ployment, and in filling his place consult Mr.
Scovel?" It is well known and understood
that Mr. Scovel struts over New Jersey claim-
ing to control the public patronage in that
State, and we have nominations before the
Senate now of his dictation.
When a public officer dies or resigns, or his
term of office expires, and the President of the
United States in casting about among the men
who elected him selects to fill that place a man
he thinks agrees more nearly with him than
with Congress, I make no complaint. I object
to his raising this issue among ourselves, and
I object to our raising it, and I do not raise it
upon him. But when a competent, faithful,
and honest public officer is discharged for no
other reason than that he believes in the prin-
ciples, the policy, the aims, and the purposes
of the party of Union and liberty, the party
that saved this country and made it a free
country, when such a man is struck down to
reward another man for mere partisan purposes
or to get up a little rebellion against this great
organization that to-day holds twenty-three of
the twenty-five loyal States, I for one object to
it. I object to it as an attempt to use the vast
patronage and power of tho Government of tho
United States for the purpose of corrupting a
pure and true people, a people that have given
nearlythreemillion soldiers and $3,000,000,000
to their country to carry it through the late
rebellion.
I will say to-day what I believe to be true,
and in saying it I make no assault upon the
President of the United States. I say that I
believe the policy tho President has felt it his
duty to pursue, which he has pursued, and
which he seems to insist on pursuing, without
consulting the views of'Congress, this uncer-
