186(1
THB CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE;
little mistaken in supposing that the resolution
is quite as weak as he suggests.
JIi-. CONNESS. Head it.
Mr. SUMNER. Read it, ho says:
"The Congress of the United States protests against
fuc.i acts as unfriendly und inconsistent with the com-
ity of nation^"—
I would remark that that is very strong lan-
guage to use with reference to a foreign nation ;
it is the strongest language almost that can be
employed without going to the strongest pos-
sible—
"and hereby requests the President of the United
States to cause a copy of this protest to be communi-
cated to the representatives of the United States in
foreign countries, with instructions to present it to
the Governments where they are accredited respect-
ively, and to insist that no such acts shall, under any
circumstances, be repeated."
It seems to me that that language is strong
enough, and that it is better than if we should
go further and point out what wo should do
in the event of these acts being repeated. I
think that had better be left to the future. I
trust they never will be repeated, and that there
will be no occasion for any further action on
the subject. I think that such a protest from
Congress will be a proper back ground to the
Executive in making its protest thoroughly effi-
cacious. On this subject, 1 have conferred with
the proper Department, and I find that they
enter very cordially into this view of the ease.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Massachusetts whether the
executive department has taken any action in
reference to this subject, or whether it is sub-
mitted to Congress to act in the first instance.
It seems to me that the conduct of our foreign
affairs primarily belongs to the Executive ; and
if anything of this kind has occurred, I should
like to know whether the Executive has made
known to those Governments that the practice
was obnoxious.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad to inform
the Senator that the subject was brought to the
notice of the Committee on Foreign Relations
by a communication from the Secretary of State,
calling our attention to it, and covering the cor-
respondence of the United States consul at
Basle, setting forth the recent incident to which
I have already referred. In the ceurse of this
correspondence it appears explicitly that pro-
test has been made by our consul on the spot.
Mr. TLiUMBULL. What is the answer to
his protest'.'
Mr. SUMNER. There is no answer to it.
We have here nothing but his letters.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What I wanted to know
was whether the State Department, whether
the executive Governmentof the United States
had done anything, or whether the Congress of
the United States was called upon to act here
because soTno consul in some distant country
had upon his own responsibility objected to the
action of that Government where he happens
to bo consul; whether, then, the matteris sub-
mitted for us to take the initiatory steps.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated to
the Senate that the executive department has
acted on the question, but it deemed the ques-
tion of so much importance as to lay it before
Congress for such action as Congress might
choose to take ; and the committee having it
under consideration thought, as a first step,
that it would reenforce the action of the Ex-
ecutive by this solemn protest against what
seemed to be (I was going to use a very strong
expression) an outrage. The case, after ex-
amination, seemed to be clear, at least to the
extent of this proposition. The committee
were not at present prepared to go further, but
011 this proposition they were agreed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the committee
have gone for enough; I am not objecting to
the action of the committeee that it has not
gone far enough; but what strikes me as re-
markable is that there is submitted to the Con-
gress of the United Stales a difficulty with a
foreign nation before the Executive has ex-
hausted his powers.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wait a moment. When
a case of difficulty is about to arise between this
country and some other, the executive depart-
ment of our Government manages that affair
until it is unable to obtain redress, and its com-
munication to Congress is after all its powers
arc exhausted, and recommending perhaps a
declaration of war. I do not know whether
this communication was made to Congress with
a view that the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions should report a declaration of war upon
this representation of a consul.
I think it is very objectionable that persons
guilty of infamous crimes in foreign countries
should be pardoned on condition of their com-
ing to the United States; but it would seem to
me that the proper department of this Govern-
ment to object to it is the executive depart-
ment, and that it is not a matter for legislation
here until the Executive has exhausted his
powers and the matter has assumed that serious
phase when it is necessary for the nation to take
it up in Congress and unless it is stopped make
the last resort—an appeal to arms. Really I
should, from what appears here, imagine that
all that it would be necessary to do would be
for the State Department to inform the Govern-
ment of Switzerland that this thing must not
be repeated ; but it does not seem that any com-
munication has ever been made by the State
Department, but some consul has complained
of what the Senator denominates an outrage,
and thereupon the matter is referred to Con-
gress for our action.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no reason to believe
that the State Department has not acted ; but
the State Department did think that under the
peculiar circumstances it ought to communi-
cate these facts to Congress, and I think that
the State Department was not wrong. I called
these incidents outrages. Perhaps the very
facts that wo now discuss them, and if wo should
pass this resolution, that 1he resolution will go
before the world, will do more to prevent a
repetition of the outrages than any dispatches
that might go from the Department of State.
I wish to speak with all possible respect of
those dispatches, but I believe the publicity
that will be given now to this act by this prop-
osition in Congress will of itself be more effica-
cious to prevent its repetition perhaps than any-
thing tl^at could be done by any other branch
of the Government. At any rate, Congress
simply cooperates with the Executive on this
occasion: it does not act adverse to it, but
simply in harmony with it. and I believe in
harmony with public sentiment. I think that
the public sentiment of this country must feel
wronged when it hears that foreign Powers have
undoi taken to do such things, to treat our
country as a Botany Bay. We solemnly insist
that that shall not be done.
Mr. CONNESS. What seems strange to
me in this matter is the allotment of business.
For instance, upon the subject of Mexican
affairs the executive department, I understand,
claims 1he exclusive control and jurisdiction.
Upon the subject of the importation of crimi-
nals. it gives the jurisdiction to Congress of
expressing opinions. I do not understand this
allotment of business; and if the honorable
chairman can reconcile it, he can do more than
I am able to do.
Mr. SUMNER. As to the allotment of bus-
iness, so far as I am concerned, representing
my committee, 1 am willing to resign what is
not strictly appropriate to it to any other com-
mittee.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator does not
understand me. I say I do not understand the
allotment of business, not referring to the com-
mittee. Upon the subject of Mexican atfairs,
I understand it to have been claimed by the
executive department that thev have exclusive
primary jurisdiction. Upon the subject of the
importation of criminals, they extend that ju-
lisdiotion to Congress. This allotment of bus-
iness—I do not know where it originated—does
not appear to mo to bo just exactly right.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from
Massachusetts would put .into his resolution
anything that was effective, I should notobject
to it; as, for instance, if he would declare that
a repetition of these acts would be a just cause
of war, or that we would retaliate, or some-
thing more than a simple protest by Congress.
Sir, if the Secretary of State has entered, his
protest, I should think that was enough; if lie
has not done that, he has not done his duty.
But for Congress to say that we, the law-mak-
ing power, the war power, enter our protest
against foreign countries sending their mur-
derers here, is beneath the dignity of this body.
That will do for the Secretary of State ; it will
do for one of the servants of this Government;
but it is beneath the dignity of this body to pass
such a resolution. I move to lay it on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquir'e of
some of the Senators who seem to be so bitterly
opposed to the passage of this measure what ob-
jection they have to it. * I have not heard any.
It is said to be beneath the dignity of this body
to protest against what we all know has been
going on for a great many years—the exporta-
tion to this country of criminals abroad. This
is only a solitary instance that has been brought
to our attention, and whether the Secretary of
State has been doing his duty or not in pro-
testing against it has nothing to do with what
our duty is when our attention is once brought
to the subject. I know Mr. Wolff, the consul
at Basle; he is a most estimable gentleman
and a constituent of mine, and he knows gen-
erally whereof he speaks. Iam as conscious
as I can be of a fact that is not within my own
personal knowledge that the exportation of
criminals from Germany to this country has
been going on for years. Last year 1 saw a
gentleman, a citizen of my town, who visited
his fatherland, and when he came back told
me that he came in company with a detective,
who brought several criminals to Now York
and turned them loose there. The'Government
of one of the, little German principalities paid
all the expenses of the transportation of those
criminals and of the detective who brought
them over in charge, and when they landed
here gave them a certain sum of money with
which u> start, and probably within a short time
they were in Sing Sing. 1 think this subject
being brought here by the Secretary of State,
no mailer whether it is brought here properly
or not, there is no way but for us to enter our
protest against this kind of importation going
on any longer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Iowa
has not heard any objection to this measure.
Everybody agrees that wo do notwish that class
of persons to come to this country, but the ob-
jection to the thing is that it has no business
here. The objection to it is that it belongs to
another department of the Government, and I
cannot for the life of me account for its being
here except upon the principle that it must
have been a desire on the part of some gentle-
man who made a speech a few days ago in the
city of New York rather denying the power of
Congress, to show that he was willing to defer
to Congress, and so he submitted this. [Laugh-
ter. ] It was not, before the New "i ork speech
was made, I think. It is probably in conse-
quence of that; and on the whole, it being in-
tended doubtless to show the defcrencc of the
State Depaitmentto the Congress of the United
States and to take its advice in reference to this
case, I do not know that there is any objection.
Mr. NYE. Allow me simply to remind you
that this is a day of speedy conversions, [laugh-
ter,] and I insist upon it we ought to take no
exception here.
Mr. GRIMES. It maybe all true that it has
come here improperly ; the Secretary of Statg
may have acted unwisely; but shall we hold out
