1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. 2453
tainty, this doubt, this veto of the civil rights
bill, has mad© more sorrowful men and women
in this country than were ever made by any
other man that, has trod the continent. Sir,
the men that elected this Administration were
actuated by the loftiest motives that ever in-
fluenced any people. They gave their children,
tliey voted their money, they gave their prayers
iu November, 18G4, for the reelection of Mr.
Lincoln and the putting down of the rebellion,
and the unity of the country, and the liberty
of every man within the bounds of the Repub-
lic. They were God-fearing men and women,
too, who had given the years of their life to
aspiration, to thought, to prayer, to action for
the freedom of all, and for the elevation of the
humblest men within the bounds ofthe country.
When they have seen this hesitation, when
they have witnessed what we have witnessed
during the last twelve months, when they have
realized the great loss of the opportunity, in
the early summer, last year, to give impartial
suffrage and amnesty to the freedmen, and to
the men who have been lighting against their
country, when they have witnessed all these
things their hearts have been wrung with a
great sorrow not surpassed by the sorrow of
the four bloody years of war in which three
hundred thousand of their sons and brothers
gave their lives to their country. The Presi-
dent of the United States—I do not mean to
say that he purposed or intended it, for I do
not believe lie could be so ungrateful to the
noble men that elected him—I believe, upon
my conscience, has made more anxious nights,
more troubled days, more bitter thoughts, more
agony and sorrow ofhonest, conscientious, God-
fearing men and women of our country than
were ever made by any other man that ever
lived. Upon my conscience I say that I be-
lieve Mr. Johnson has made more thoughtful
men and women bow their heads in anxiety
and sorrow during the past year than did the
rebel chiefs during their four years of fire and
blood.
Mr. HOWE. I listened to a declaration-of
my colleague just now that interested me very
deeply and rejoiced me considerably. I hope
it will turn out to be entirely correct. I under-
stood him to say that the President cf the
United States is peculiarly tolerant of political
opposition; that in point of fact we never have
had a President more tolerant than he ; that he
tolerates opposition even in the members of his
own Cabinet, and that he makes no removal
from office for opinion's sake. Nov/, Mr.
President, if this turns out to be so, I shall be
very glad, I shall be exceeding glad, for I am
bound to say that of all the Presidents we
have ever had in office, I think there is no one
of them under such heavy obligation to be 'tol-
erant of opinions opposed to his own as the
present President.
Sir, the relations between the present Presi-
dent of the United States and the party which
made him President are of a very peculiar
character. That party, you must remember,
sir, is made up in the main of a body of men
against whom the President had been at war
all his life until the great body of those men
with whom he had acted all his life turned their
backs upon the Government and became trai-
tors to it; and when that happened, the Presi-
dent of the United States declined to go with
them any longer, stood by the flag as he had
always stood, remained true when thousands
about him were false. That was the single
fact which commended him to the confidence
of that party which made him Vice President
of the United States. I say he was commended
to their judgments and to their confidence by
the simple fact that he did not prove a traitor
when thousands about him did. For that act
of simple fidelity, that is what it is, simply
fidelity to his duty as a citizen, we were grate-
ful, profoundly grateful; and having proved in
the very morning of the struggle that he was
disposed to stand by the old flag and to uphold
the authority of the nation, we were led to
believe that lie would stand there and thus to
the end of the struggle; and so in its very
morning we clothed him with the authority and
with the emoluments of a brigadier general in
the_ Army, and we sent him to Nashville to
assist in defending one of the strategic points
in the great controversy that was going on.
The President of the United States alludes to
that, I see, occasionally as an act which placed
him at a point of imminent peril. Ay, Mr.
President, Nashville was a point of imminent
peril; in that day there was no point in the
United States which was not a point of immi-
nent peril; but when we sent the present Pres-
ident to Nashville we sent security with him ;
we planted our armies between him and the
enemy, a wall of adamant, and gave to Nash-
ville the same security we gave to Washing-
ton and to every other point within the national
lines. It was a place of peril because wide-
spread defection and treason had covered the
country with peril. That was all. But it was
not peculiarly perilous. We made that—not we
who fill these seats, but this nation made Nash-
ville as secure as any point. He staid there;
he did his duty; and grateful for that duty
done, we said to him because he had been
faithful over a few things we would make him
ruler over many, and we did make him the
Vice President of the United States, com-
mended to us as I said before by the single
fact that he had been loyal in the beginning of
the struggle, and he had been faithful to the
one trust we had imposed in him as a general
in the Army.
It happened that when he had been made by
our votes Vice President a terrible disaster
overtook the country and he beeame the Pres-
ident ; and it happened that soon after he be-
came the President of the United States the
fact was developed that there was a difference
of opinion upon some points of policy between
the President and the great body of that party
which had been instrumental in making him
President, upon questions which we thought,
and which we think, and which I for one know,
are vital and fundamental, if there are any vital
and fundamental questions in American pol-
ities. We found that he was in harmony with
those who had opposed his election, and at
variance with those who had given him his
election. I am not here to discuss the right
or the wrong of that difference, for this is not
the occasion; I have spoken upon it once and
others have spoken upon it freely. I am not
here to arraign the sincerity of these opinions
of the President; this is not the occasion for
that, if that sincerity is open to attack at all,
which I do not say. But conceding him to be
sincere in his convictions of duty, this is the
thing, I say: that the President was bound to
concede sincerity to those who differed with
him, for they had shown that they were dis-
posed to have no personal controversy with
him ; they had shown that they were grateful
for every political merit ho had discovered,
and I think they had shown as much magna-
nimity as ever was exhibited in the conduct of
one party toward one who had been a leading
and a life-long opponent of theirs. He was
bound, I say, to concede sincerity to_his oppo-
nents. I do not say that the President was
bound to surrender his own convictions of
duty because the party which made him Pres-
ident took another view; but I do say he, of
all the Presidents who ever lived, was bound
to be tolerant of this difference that existed and
was developed in the body of the party which
made him President. That is why I say that
he of all men that have ever been put in the
presidential office was bound to exercise that
very toleration which my colleague tells us now
lie is going to exercise and is exercising.
But, sir, as to the fact whether he has exer-
cised that spirit of toleration or not, as to
whether he will exercise it hereafter, I have
an event or two to refer to. My colleague says
that he has made a few removals, not for opin-
ion's sake, but to reward gallantry and fidelity
exhibited in the soldiers of our Army. I am
told—my colleague knows whether my infor-
mation is correct—that among the removals
which he has been asked to make is cne of a
gentleman who has for seyerg.1 ye%r§ filled the
office of sub-Indian agent' for the Indians in the,
northeastern part of Wisconsin. I am told that'
he has been asked to remove him from that
office, and to place in it a gentleman who has
been connected with the Aymy it is true, be-
cause he has filled since 1S61 or 1'862 the office
of paymaster in the Army, paying'troops ai;
different points—the city of Washington being
one, the city of Madison, in our' own State,'
being another, and, I believe, the city of St.
Louis, being the third—a faithful officer, no
doubt, but I take it not coming within the
description of those officers to which our reso-
lutions and our laws referred when they called
for discrimination in their favor in the distri-
bution of patronage. But, sir, I am told fur-
ther that the Representative from the district
in which this office is located, recognizing the
propriety of discriminating in favor of soldiers,
did think that this paymaster, or ex-paymaster,
was not the most deserving soldier, and sug-
gested that instead of his being appointed in
place of that agent whose removal was decided
upon, one General Swett should be appointed,
who had been in the Army and had been in
the line and on the field, had been shot, not
to picces, but had been crippled for life, had
displayed great gallantry, had been placed in
command of Camp Douglas, near Chicago, and
in the discharge of his duty as such command-
ant, by his energy and by his activity, had really
saved the city of Chicago from that conspiracy
which was developed there in 1864. I am told
that it was proposed by the Representative of
that district that this individual should be the
recipient of this office instead of the ex-pay-
master, and I am told that that proposition is
absolutely and peremptorily declined, and that
my colleague declines it; and I am told that
he has obtained from the President—I recite
this as rumor; I do not vouch for the truth of
any of these statements; I speak of them here
because here they can be contradicted—a per-
emptory order on the Secretary of the Interior
that the former agent be removed and that the
ex-paymaster be appointed.
Now, if that is so I am afraid, whatever may
be the motive of the President, it will be un-
derstood as being intended to favor political
opinion and not military service. I fear that
the more because I have been told that this
ex-paymaster was a member of the convention
in our State last fall and presided over'the
deliberations of that body, to whose action my
colleague has referred several times here as
having had very important influence upon the
action of the State and upon his action here.
That fact being known in Wisconsin, if it be
true that the President peremptorily orders his
appointment instead of the appointment of this
wounded and crippled soldier, I am afraid it
will bo understood as a removal for opinion's,
sake, or if not a removal for opinion's sake, an
appointment for opinion's sake. That is one
fact which leads me to fear that there is great
danger, in spite of what my colleague says,
that this power of removal, if conceded to the
President, will be exercised for political and
partisan purposes.
There is another fact t,o which I wish to call
the attention of my colleague. I have my eye
upon it now, and I will read it. I read it from
a newspaper, it is true, and perhaps as such it
is not entitled to any consequence.
Mr. D 00 LITTLE. What is the paper?
Mr. HOWE. It is the Wisconsin Union,
which is published at Madison. My colleague
is familiar with the paper, no doubt. I under-
stand that it is a paper which supports the
President's policy very vigorously. It copies
from the Journal the following. I read as it
appears in the Union:
" Mv. Rublee, of the Journal, writing fro in Wash-
ington, gives the radical office-holders the lohowing
pleasing assurance: 'Mr. Eldbidge itne ftepre-
fceutativo of tno fourth district) alleges that he ana
si number of others of his party were at too vy nuo
House on yesterday evening, and that the President
assured him that every Federal offioe-iioiaer m Wis-
consin who does not sustain the President s policy
will he removed and those who sustain him put in
their places.'"
