1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the necessary constitutional provisions and guar-
antees for the future safety of the Republic, I
apprehend that there are men now within these
walls who may learn, when it is too late, that
the ballot in the hand of the conspirator is more
dangerous to the safety of the Republic than
the bayonet.
If the amendment reported by the joint com-
mittee of the two Houses, or that proposed to
be substituted by my honorable colleague, [Mr.
Schenck,] be all that this House proposes to do
in this regard, then I can only say for myself
that 1 tremble for the future of my country.
But is it all that this House proposes to do?
Have gentlemen forgotten that but the other
day this House, with singular unanimity—by
all the votes, I believe, that it can command
save six—sent to the Senate a proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution, which, however in-
formally expressed, is intended by the authority
of the whole people to declare by the organic
law that neither the United States nor any
State of this Union shall ever assume or pay
any debt or liability contracted or incurred in
aid of the late rebellion, or which may here-
after be contracted or incurred in aid of any
rebellion against the United States? Does it
not suggest itself to the mind of every gentle-
man now within the hearing of my voice that
the safety of the RepuljJie requires that not
simply that amendment shall pass into your
Constitution, but that there should be added to
it the provision that no State in this Union shall
ever lay one cent of tax upon the property or
head of any loyal man for the purpose of pay-
ing tribute and pension for life to those who
rendered service or received wounds in the pros-
ecution of this great, unmatched, and atrocious
rebellion against your country ? Does it not
occur also to the considerate minds of gentle-
men that it would be well to place the further
limitation upon these several States, if they are
to be restored to their equal position in the
union of the States, as I trust they are to be at
no distant day, that no State in this Union shall
levy tribute upon its people for the purpose of
indemnifying, in whole or in part, any rebel
against losses or damages incurred either in
the prosecution of the rebellion or inflicted on
rebels in its suppression?
I ask gentlemen to consider that, as your
Constitution stands to-day, there is no power,
express or implied, in this Government to limit
or restrain the general power of taxation in the
States. And are gentlemen, admitting this fact,
as it is now stated, to be true, to sit here and
deliberate for one moment whether it is neces-
sary to place such a limitation upon these States
if they are to be restored, and especially if they
are to be restored on the basis claimed by gen-
tlemen on that side of the House who oppose
this amendment—restored with the governing
power in every one of the eleven rebel States in
the hands of the very men who but yesterday
waged war against the life of the Republic?
But, sir, even that amendment, desirable as
it is, is yet not all that, in my mind, the safety
of the Republic requires, and our duty and our
oaths alike enjoin upon us to present to the
people. Why, sir, I may be allowed to say
here, without violating any rule of this House,
that the joint committee of fifteen, represent-
ing both branches of Congress, do not them-
selves consider that they have wholly discharged
their duty in this behalf to the country. It is
not for me to say here what they have done, or
to anticipate what they may do in the premises,
further than to say that I doubt not they will
discharge their, whole duty. But I may say
that the committee has under consideration
another general amendment to the Constitu-
tion which looks to the grant of express power
to the Congress of the United States to enforce
in behalf of every citizen of every State and of
every Territory in the Union tlie lights which
were guarantied to him from the beginning,
but which guarantee has unhappily been ^disre-
garded bv more than one State ot this Union,
defianth "disregarded, simply because of a want
of power in Congress to enforce that guarantee.
I do not doubt, sir, that if the committee shall
succeed in presenting in fit and proper form
this proposed amendment to the Constitution,
it will receive the assent, I might almost say, of
every gentleman in this House. Why should
it not?
1 understand very well, Mr. Speaker, that there
are gentlemen for whom I have the profound-
est respect, not only for their great attainments,
but for their generous and patriotic motives,
who contend, against all past construction^ and
all past experience, that the Congress of the
United States has the power, implied neces-
sarily, to enforce all the guarantees of the Con^
stitution. In my judgment, unless some such
general provision as that to which I have re-
ferred be adopted, it is in vain that you hope
for future safety or future peace in the country;
and I beg leave to say to gentlemen who reason
in the manner I have indicated, and therefore
seek to evade the discharge of this great duty
incumbent upon us, that, notwithstanding the
respect to which their opinions are entitled, the
continued construction of every department of
this Government, legislative, executive, and ju-
dicial, from that day on which "Washington, for
the first time, before God and his country, took
the oath to "preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of the United States," has con-
ceded that no such power is vested in the Federal
Government. Gentlemen will pardon me for
further reminding them of the special express
powers of the Constitution, and that the general
express grant is that Congress shall have power
to make all laws necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution the foregoing powers and all
other powers vested by this Constitution in the
Government of the United States or in any
department or officer thereof. In what I have
said upon the limitations of power, I do not ex-
press my own opinion, but the opinions of others
and the uniform construction.
Sir, your Constitution declares that no person
shall be deprived of life without due process of
law; yet, in support of what I have just said on
the necessity of an additional grant of power,
allow me to remind the House of the fact that
this highest right which pertains to man or cit-
izen, life, has never yet been protected, and is
not now protected, in any State of this Union
by the statute law of the United States. And if
to-morrow, sir, your President, because of his
supposed fidelity, and I might add of his real
fidelity to his duty, in so far as I understand
his position, crossed the line of.your exclusive
jurisdiction in this District into the State of
Maryland, into the county of Charles, and were
to be there set upon by the whole body of the
community and murdered, for no fault of his,
but simply because of his supposed fidelity to
his duty, your Government is powerless b\ law
to avenge his death in any of your civil tribu-
nals of justice. And this results from the ac-
cepted construction that this Government has
not the power by law to enforce in the States
this guarantee of life.
I repeat then, sir, in view of the facts stated,
that it is well for the Representatives of the
people to consider that in passing this amend-
ment they take but one step toward the attain-
ment of the object sought to be attained by all
the several propositions proposed, to secure to
each citizen and each State alike their equal
rights in the Union.
Mr. Speaker, touching this and all other
amendments to the Constitution, by giving them
my support, I do not subject mysell to the gra-
tuitous imputation of the gentleman from llli-_
nois [Mr. Marshall] who spoke yesterday, of
a want of reverence either for the Constitution
or its illustrious founders. I beg leave, at all
events, to say, with all possible respect for that
gentleman, that I do not recognize the right of
any man upon this floor, who was a representa-
tive of that party which denied the right to de-
fend the Constitution of his country by arms
against armed rebellion, to become my accuser.
In seeking to amend, not to mar, the Consti-
tution of the United States, we ought, to have
regard to every express or implied limitation
upon our power imposed by that great- instru-
ment. When gentlemen object to amending the
Constitution, when they talk srteeringly about
tinkering with the Constitution, they do not re-
memberthat it is one of the express provision a of
that instrument that Congress shall have power
to propose amendments to the Legislatures of
the several States. Do gentlemen mean by the
logic to which we have listened for the past five
days on this subject of our right to'amend, that
we are not to add anything to the Constitution
and that we are to take nothing from it? I
prefer to follow, in this supreme hour of the
nation's trial, the lead of a wiser and nobler
spirit, who by common consent was called while
he lived "the Father of his Country," and,
now that he is dead, is still reverenced as "the
Father of his Country," and to be hailed I trust
by the millions of the future who arc to people
this land of ours as " the Father of his Coun-
try." In his Farewell Address, his last official
utterance, Washington used these significant
words, which I repeat to-day for the consider-
ation of gentlemen :
"The basis of our political systems-is the right of
the people to make and to alter their constitutions of
government."
We propose, sir, simply to act in accordance
with this suggestion of Washington. We pro-
pose, in presenting these amendments, to alter,
in so far as the changed condition of the coun-
try requires, the fundamental law, in order to
secure the safety of the Republic and furnish
better guarantees in the future for the rights of
0£icli £incl all
The SPEAKER. The hour has expired.
Mr. BROOM ALL. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will be allowed to finish his remarks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I shall be obliged to the
House; it is a favor which I have seldom asked.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am for the
pending amendment to the Constitution of my
country, and the other amendments to which I
have already referred. I am for this and for
the other essential amendments indicated, for
the sake of the Union, and for the sake of the
Constitution of the Union. Beyond that, if I
know my own mind or my own heart, I have no
feeling on this question. It towers above all
party consideration; it touches the life of the
Republic, andnot the miserable inquiry whether
this or that party shall be successful in the com-
ing contest. It is for this House to decide whether
amendments are necessary to the safety of the
country and the protection of the people. I am
for the proposed amendment from a sense of
right—that absolute, eternal verity which under-
lies your Constitution. The right is the law of
the "Republic. So it was proclaimed in your
imperishable Declaration by the words, all men
are created equal; they are endowed by their
Creator with the rights of life and liberty: to
secure these rights Governments are instituted
among men, deriving their just powers from the
consent of the governed; and by those other
words, these States may do what free and inde-
pendent States may of right (not of wrong but
of right) do.
The Constitution recognizes this limitation
upon the States that they maydo, subject to the
Constitution of the United States, what free
States may of right do. That which is right
and justlimits every sovereignty, inlaw, whether
it be obeyed or disobeyed. Every nationality
is bound to respect the just and the right. This
truth is recognized as distinctly in your Consti-
tution as it is proclaimed in your Declaration.
In the first article, second section of the Con-
stitution of your country, it is provided that
Representatives in Congress "shall be chosen
every two years by the people of the several
States," thus affirming that the law-making
power can only exist by the consent of the gov-
erned, as the right of the people. Who are
"the people" of the several States referred to
in the Constitution? The term "the people"
1 is borrowed literally from the Articles of'Con-
j federation, adopted, as the House knows, ten
j years before the Constitution, as articles of per-
i petual union between the several States then
I and since known as the United States. It is a
