2454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
This organ may be mistaken j Mr. Eldridge
may not have told the truth; bat I really think
Mr. Ei.dridoe would not have made such a
statement unless the President had made it to
him, and T "rather think this organ of the Pres-
ident would not have published it if it had not
believed it and approved it. I quoted, it will
be remembered, the other day a declaration
which I have not heard refuted yet, not from
the President, but from one who certainly sus-
tains the President most gallantly and most
bravely, that no man should eat the Presi-
dent's bread and butter unless he did sustain
the President's policy. There are papers lying
on this table, if it were proper to allude to
them, which have given me further cause to
distrust the entire accuracy of the statement
submitted by my colleague. I cannot refer to
them in this connection.
I have thought it worth while to present
these two or three items, for I really feel that
my colleague may be mistaken; that the Pres-
ident will, if it is found that we agree to it, think
it justifiable to insist upon making vacant all
places filled by those who do not sustain his
policy and to simply their places by those
who do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the other
day, in my absence from my seat, my colleague
thought proper to present to the Senate certain
resolutions of the Legislature of Wisconsin that
were not addressed to this body, upon which
the body could take do action whatever; resolu-
tions condemning me in the severest terms;
resolutions instructing me to resign ; and the
grounds upon which they were placed were that
I sustained the administration of President
Johnson. Is that what my honorable colleague
calls toleration of a difference of opinion? Does
my colleague indorse those resolutions?
Mr. President, in regard to this great ques-
tion of the relations the President bears to the
party which elected him, mv colleague falls
into a very great mistake in supposing that the
party which clccted Mr. Johnson was the old
Whig parly. Not at air, sir, True, there
were a great many persons who had been in
the Whig party before it was dissolved that
joined the Union party; but let me tell my
colleague that in the organization of the Union
party it was the Free-soil Democracy uniting
with the elements of the dissolved Whig party
that made up that Union party which won the
victory.
From 1854 to the present hour there is not
a single doctrine laid down in the platform of
the Union party to which Mv. Johnson has in
the slightest degree proved false since he be-
came President of the United States. Sir, that
I>arty was organized in 1851, upon the dissolu-
tion of the Democratic party. The Democratic
party dissolved on the repeal of the Missouri
compromise and the attempt to enforce slavery
in the Territory of Kansas. Then that portion
of the Democratic, party which was opposed to
the extension of slavery, uniting with members
of the Whig party entertaining the same sen-
timents, which party was already dissolved,
formed this great organization denominated the
Republican party of the United States; and,
sir, the fundamental elements on which that
partjr was organized in 1854 wore the union of
the States, opposition to the extension of the
institution of slavery, and the jjreservation to
each and every of the States of its supreme
control over its own domestic institutions. In
18-36 the sole issue was the extension of sla-
very ; in 1860 it was the same issue.
Thereafter the success of Mr. Lincoln as the
chief of tlw Republican party we entered upon
another issue. What was it? A war to sus-
tain the Union against the secession of the
South. As the war progressed slavery was put
at stake, slavery was thrown into the scale; and
the question which in 18G1 was, shall the Union
be dissolved, shall the Government live or die,
was changed in 1803 to the question (whether
slavery or the Union shall die. Sir, under the
administration of Mr. Lincoln and the super-
intending providence of Almighty God, and
next to that the patriotism of the American
people which filled up our armies and filled our
Treasury, we succeeded at last in winning the
great victory, sustaining the Union, and crush-
ing the institution of slavery. To crown that
great victory we brought forward the constitu-
tional amendment. My honorable friendfrom
Missouri [Mr. Henderson] has the honor of
introducing it into this body. The Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] as chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, has the honor of
conducting it during its discussion here. I, as
an humble member of this body, took part in
that debate. Though the measure was intro-
duced by the Senator from Missouri, it was my
good fortune, and I look back to it with pride,
to make in this body the first speech that was
made in favor of that amendment to the Con-
stitution.
From that hour until during the present
session, when we have succeeded in carrying
this amendment and having it adopted by three
fourths of all the States, I have looked forward
with an eye single to the accomplishment of
that great victory. I pressed it in this body
and elsewhere ; and when many of those gen-
tlemen on this floor who now claim to be the
special champions of freedom told me over and
over again that we could neither carry the
amendment through Congress nor carry it
through the States, my faith never faltered for
an instant. Here and elsewhere and every-
where, as both the Senators from Massachu-
setts well know, I insisted that we could carry
the amendmentin this bodyand carry it thro ugh
the House of Representatives, aud that we
could carry it through the country and carry
it through three fourths of the State Legisla-
tures, and that the adoption of that amend-
ment would be the crowning, final, crushing,
eternal victory over the rebellion by removing
forever the cause which had produced it. Sir,
steady to that purpose, with a faith which in
darkness has no fear and in danger feels no
doubt, 1 pressed on and on, in spite of oppo-
sition here and elsewhere, until I have seen it
accomplished.
Now, Mr. President, in relation to the ques-
tion upon which we are at present divided,
when did this division begin? What did it
begin about? Last spring, one year ago, every
member of the Senate on the Republican side
but six—and I will name the men, and there
shall be no mistake about it—was in favor of
the resolution recognizing Louisiana.
Mr. COWAN. Name them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, in op-
position to that proposition stood the two Sen-
ators from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler and Mr.
Howard.] There was the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Summii.] The other Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] was in its
favor. The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Brown]
was opposed to it, and the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. \Vade.] Yes, sir, upon this question,
the very question and the only question upon
which there is a division between the President
and gentlemen now who claim that Congress
is in opposition to him 
Mr. GRIMES. You do not mean the whole
Senate?
Mr. DOOLITTLE._ The whole Senate on
this side that night, with the exceptions I have
named.
Mr. President, Mr. Lincoln, two years before
Mr. Johnson was elected Vice President, en-
tered upon this same policy. Mr. Johnson
was appointed to carry out this same policy
substantially in Tennessee. I mean it was the
same on the two questions and the only two
questions upon which there has been serious
division—the question whether suffrage should
be extended to the colored people of the South
as a condition-precedent to these States com-
ing back into the Union, and the other ques-
tion 
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow mo
a moment? I wish to ask him if I am to an-
derstan4 him to maintain that the Senators to
whom he has alluded, and whom he has named,
were tMj only persons opposed to the resolu-
tion for the admission of Louisiana last year ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the night that <jues-
tion was up there were eighteen of our friends
who were for it.
Mr. MORRILL. How does the Senator
ascertain that fact?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Because I was present.
Perhaps the Senator from Maine was not in the
Senate that evening.
Mr, MORRILL. I was in the Senate, and
I participated in the opposition to the resolution
that night.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The only two material
points upon which the struggle was made were,
first, whether suffrage should be extended to
the colored people of the South as a condition-
precedent to those States being recognized and
their representatives admitted; and secondly,
whether those States were not subjugated prov-
inces, and no longer States in the Union ; and
upon both these questions Mr. Lincoln's policy
was precisely that of Mr. Johnson. Now, we
have had a great division here for six months,
it is said, and when you come to your final
report of the reconstruction committee upon
these two points on which the controversy
began, you find that they have abandoned both.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No. sir, I will not yield
at present. I am arguing this point, and I pro-
pose to call the attention of the Senate to it.
I say that in the report of the reconstruction
committee they abandon universal or "impar-
tial" negro suffrage as a condition-precedent
to the recognition of these States and the admis-
sion of their representatives, and I say they
have abandoned the other proposition that
they are not States—that they are conquered
or subjugated provinces. They admit them to
be States, organized States, and propose to
submit to their Legislatures the question upon
the ratification of amendments to the Con-
stitution.
Mr. President, my friend from Massachu-
setts says that ninety-nine out of every hundred
of the Union party that elected Mr. Johnson
are against him on these questions. He will
finrl himself utterly mistaken. I can very well
conceive that Mr. Johnson in relation to his
friends now is very much like the position of
Mr. Lincoln to the Union party after he was
nominated at Baltimore, and before the Oppo-
sition had presented their platform at Chicago
and nominated their candidate.
From the time of Mr. Lincoln's nomination
there was a wonderful opposition raised in the
ranks of the Union or Republican party. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] came out with
his protest. It was rumored all over the coun-
try that Mr. Lincoln was about to resign or
withdraw as a candidate and give f)lace to
sofeebody else, and it was more than whispered,
too, by leading men on this floor connected
with the Republican party, that if a Democrat
should be nominated at Chicago who was in
favor of a prosecution of the war, they Would
abandon Mr. Lincoln and give their adhesion
to the Democratic candidate. But, sir, when
the platform of the Opposition came to be pre-
sented, when the people came to look at the
platform laid down at Chicago, Mr. Lincoln
was elected from that hour; the tide set instantly
in his favor, and nothing could resist it. And
I say to gentlemen now that you will find that
instead of its being true as you say that ninety-
nine in every hundred of the Republican party
are opposed to Mr. Johnson, before the next
fall elections are over a majority of that party
will be with him, and very likely you among
them. Sir, I have seen since I have been here in
this body and a member of the Union party,
almostasunanimousan opposition in the Union
party to Mr. Lincoln as 1 see now here against
Mr. Johnson, and I have seen them come in,
and I expect to see them come in again.
Mr. President, when gentlemen talk about
ruling Mr. Johnson and me out of the Union
party._or crowding us off the Union platform
on which he was elected and on which [helped
to elect him, they know But little of Mr. John-
son or of me. I do not yield the platform on
which I st^iid, whoever may abandon it. I do
