430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
term which had a definite and clSarly under-
stood meaning on the day that the Convention
incorporated it into the Constitution of the
United States. It meant generally the whole
body of free citizens, and specially as_thepolit- j
ical power all free male citizens of full age in
every State of the Union. I asked the attention ]
of the House the other day to the fact, and I
call their attention to it now, that in the Articles
of Confederation it was expressly provided in
words as follows:
"The free inhabitants of each of these States, pau-
pers, vagabonds, ain't fugitives from justice cxeeptod,
shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of
free citizens in the several States."
Can any one fail to perceive that the terms
"the people of the several States,"' (article
four,) horrowedliterally from the Confederation
and embodied in your Constitution, must mean
the free citizens of each State? Who does not
know that under the Confederation the majority
of male free citizens of full age held the right
to the elective franchise in every State then in
the Union?
I appeal to every gentleman in this House to
bear witness, that in every State of the original
thirteen, on the day that the Convention em-
bodied in the Constitution the words, "'the peo-
ple of the Several States," the majority of free
male citizens of full age, by the express terms
of the State constitutions and their statute laws,
held the political power of the several States.
The employment of those terms in the Consti-
tution of the United States was therefore but
the clearest declaration that under the Consti-
tution of the United States, as it had boor,
under the Confederation, the right to exercise
the elective franchise, to elect Representatives,
was the right of the majoiityof free male citi-
zens o\er twenty-one years of age. and that (his
right of the people should continue while the
Constitution of the United States continued
and remained unchanged.
The words " free persons" are also used in
yourConstitution ; therefore by the words '"free
citizens'' and "free persons,"' as used in your
Constitution and in the Articles of Confedera-
tion, it was necessarily implied that there were
citizens in the Republic not free, but bond. It
was understood by the ftamers of the Constitu-
tion, and was expected by them and intended,
that tlie d.ij would come when the prolix free"
before ''persons'' in thai instrument should
cease to be operative and become meaningless.
Sir, the Constitution win; framed with a, \iew
to 11t at result. and to make it inevitable if was
hoped that the day of deliverance to the bond
citizens of the Uepublie would come, not, by
violence, but by foice of public opinion, oper-
ating on the minds ami consciences of the peo-
ple and speaking finally, either by the action of
each Statu or through an amended Constitution,
as the supreme law of the land.
If gentlemen doubt upon this subject, they
will pardon me for asking their consideration
to one or two provisions of the Constitution of
the United Stales.
hirst, the ninth section of tho first article
provides that—
"The misnu'ion or importation of such pei-on?, as
any of tho Sr- now exislintr shuil think proper to
admit, shall not be pioliibited by tho Congress prior
to tho year 1808."
This was simply a provision to the end that
the Constitution, as to the foreign slave trade
by any of the States then existing, should not
take effect until IKuS.
In section three, article four, it is provided,
as follows:
" NStates maybe admitted by the Congress into
this f uion.M
The attempt was made in the Convention to
add 10 this provision for the admission of new
States the words '' on the same terms wiih the
original States," thereby securing to every new
State ^admitted before'1808 the reserved power,
not right, but power, to unite with the States
then exiting in the wild and guilty traflie in
slave ! both by land and sea.
Thank Uod. the great body of the Conven-
tion rejected with scorn the proposition. What
did that rejection mean? They struck out on
the 29tli of August, 1787, the words, "upon
the same terms with the original States.'' "What
did that mean? It meant that there should be
no slave States admitted into this Union. It
meant that no new States should be admitted
under the Constitution armed with tho power
to practice that injustice in common with the
then existing States for twenty years. The pro-
vision "on the same terms with the original
State!" was rejected ; and what wns the result?
My own noble Commonwealth, Ohio, was ad-
mitted into the Union in 180:2. six years be-
fore the Constitution could speak against the
foreign slave trade carried on by the original
States. Ohio was admitted as every man knows,
only on the express condition that she should
not then or forever after engage in either tho
domestic or foreign slave trade.
1 think, sir, I have said enough and more than
enough to justify the remark that it was intended
by the framers of the Constitution that, the day
should come when the words "'free person'' in
tho Constitution would cease to be operative,
for the simple reason that all would be free
and none bond in the United Slates.
Mr. Speaker, touching the construction which
I have put upon the words of the Constitution
1 beg to call the attention of the House to a few
authorities to show that by the terms "the peo-
ple of the several Slates" the Constitution did
guaranty to the majority of fi ee citizens in every
State in this Union the right to control, by suf-
frage, the future power of their States and the
future power of the Republic, but that by the
guarantee the majoiity did not become empow-
ered to take away the equal rights of the mi-
nority 'ivlio were their peers. I read from Story,
(oil Stoiy, pa;.1 e ■,;
" Tt ha- nlw.j.v-- ticvn well understood ,i'non^ jni
in tli is country that the ri i r/,en> of each Sfat s> enn-t i-
tute the l oily-]ioltfu: ol each < oiuuiumly, calks! ' tho
people ot (he fclato^;' and that I Ikm it i/en-, ot cai'M
State in t he linivn are i2^"fa< t<> <. iiizonb of tho Uuiied
btates."
itawle writes as follows :
"Tho citi'/on^ of each Sbito eonsfilntrd Hie citi-
zens of the United States when the Constitution w;ts
adopted. Tho rights which appertain to them as cit-
i/.oiiH of tho.-'.e y<\-'pecti\ e Connnomvealths ;i<-eom-
pa.nied them in the formation ot tho crreat compound
Commonwealth wln-di enMied. They hoe,tine ciU-
•/en^ of l he latter, w it hunt i ea-ui;; i o lie t itizon-oif the
former: and 1um\'ho \v mi!weque.it i v horn a < it i/,rn of
a St ,t t <■ hern me at I lie pi omen I ot hi - ltiW it a <. i ti/en ot
the I titled State.-."—lata/- •>.' (he (.'<>ustitu(io.i% p. bo.
Chancellor Kent yays:
" ff a s!ave1)0ri>in I he United S Li tes he manumit tod,
or otherwise lawlullv di-ehau:ed iioin bondage, or it
a, flack man lie horn wuhm tho t utted Stales and
J>otn free, ho heroines them olm-v.ird a 'iti/eu."—12
J\ fiit's ('ouniit atari' s\ touith edition, p. L'< 7, note.
F might as well -ay in litis connection that
tho majority of tho Supremo Court of the I "ru-
led Slated, oven in th( Drod Scott deer-ion, wore
compelled to recognize tho principle for which
1 contend litis da) . I i ead Aom that opinion :
"The wtmN ' people of the fatted States' and Vit-
i/,en->' are s\nom moa- (oven, and mean the name
thimr Thevhoth de^cniie the polii ical hodv. is ho,
aceordinu ! ooin \ epuhlican nr-titii! urns, t'ornt I he sov-
eiirn! v, a nd who hold the powei ami conduct the
()o\ ei nni'']) ( t in oiiidi t h-'ir p-ere^'ii I .it ivo-."
"It ir- line, ri't i''//>t/'sun, <ui<l tn r>/ <'/</?<• rt/i'l
lit vrri i>iion fj n> > who weio at the time oi the
adoption of tiu*i (\>n.-h I titiun 1i >. ou nued a- < 1 '< i/( n-^
in the several Stale--, became ai^o cifm n- of the new
political body."—11) llou.ard, Huprctnc (butt 11'ports,
p. 40-J.
'Mv. Speaker, tho Constitution of our country
has been amended. Tho (lav anticipated by the
framers of the Constitution has conic, when there
are none but free citizens in the Republic—the
bondlnwing become free. Theda\ ol'the fieed-
luau's delii oi auce has come, not without Miil'rr-
inu, not without Mnrow. not without martyr-
dom. not without broken altars and broken
hearts, not without storm and tempoM, such as
had not been f-ineo man was upon the oaith:
not without darkness, thick darkness that mi.uht
bo felt, and tire running alone: the ground.
Though in terror, though in anguish, the day lias
come, and all are free in tho Republic by the
"•overci^n will of the, whole people. Every
slave the moiuenr he is emancipated becomes
a "free citizen.'" in the words of the Confed-
eration. become^ a "free pei\-on." which em-
braces all citizens in the words of our Constitu-
tion, becomes equal before the law with every
other citizen of the United States.
What/then, sir, is the result? Simply this,
that the Constitution rau^t be amended! [
agree, if the late rebel States would make no
denial of right to the emancipated citizens no
amendment would be needed. But they will
make denial. The question is therefore directly
before us, whether any of the States which shall
be reorganized and admitted to exercise all the
powers of a State in this CJnion to-day under
the Constitution of our country, by which it is
declared that all the citizens of the llepublic are
free, and that bond citizens are no longer to be
found in any State or Territory in this Union,
shall be permitted to have representation upon
this floor, when by the fundamental law or by the
statute law of such State the minority of the cit-
izens of the Stale disfranchise tho majority of
its free male citizens of full a^o? That was not
so when our Constitution was adopted. There
was then no State in this Cnion wherein any
considerable portion of the free citizens of the
United Slates, bein^ male persons over twenty-
one years of age. were disfranchised. I but
state a matter of fact within the knowledge of
every gentleman here when 1 say that in at
least five of the States of the Vtuon there was
no distinction made at all on account of color
between free citizens-ofthe United States in the
exercise of the elective franchise. At that day
no State would dare to assert any such power in
a minority of the majorih of free citizens. The
question, then, that nndeilics this controversy
is this, whether we wilt stand by the Constitu-
tion in Its original intent and spirit, or like cra-
vens abandon it. I assert it here to-day. with-
out, fear of contradiction, that tho amendment
pending before this Home is an amendment
oonforming exactly to the spirit of tho Comii-
luhon and according, to tho declared intent of
its framers.
if there is any gentleman wltois ^till in doubt
upon this subject, I ask him to consider the
fact to which I before referred, and which is
indisputable, that no State was admitted into
this Union at the time of the organization of
the Government, which cither directly or in-
direct ly intimated that, a majority of the free
male citizens of the United States within its
limils should be or lawfullv could be disfran-
chised by the minoiity. Tho House cannot
assent that any State shall do that under the
Constitution of the Uniied States.
Ms. ELDIMDfSE. Will the gentleman allow
mo a moment?
Mr. S > 1 \'C IT AM. T hope the gentleman will
excuse me. Tho ITouse has kindly extended
my time, and 1 desire to conclude mv remarks
in as brief time as may be. After L shall have
done so, if the Uou>e is disposed. I will hear
anvtiiing the gon!]ornnn mny have to say.
1 have endea\ored to make the point, clear
that tho is>ue now before this Homo is whether
the Coii^-titution shall be so amended as to se-
cure to the free citizen^ of each Stale equal
rights. The point raised upon ihe proposition
reported by the committee is whether the de-
clared intent of the Constitution ol' your fathers
shall be enforced, or whether it shall be- basely
surruiideied, by admitting that when all are
free, a minority ot the citizens of a State may
disfranchise a majority of the male citizens of
full age of the United State s within such State.
1 deny their rirjil to do so.
I might go further inrhi^ argument, and say,
with I ho kite Chancellor K.eiiL, that whenever the
majoi ity of a State inv.-ited the woid "'white '
as a condition of the exorcise of the elective
franchise "it deserved consideration whether
such exclusion would not be opposed to the
Constitution of the United States.'' I believe
that the free citizens of each State were guar-
antied. and intended to bo guarantied by^the
terms oft ho Constitution, all—not some, ''all '—
tho privileges of citizens (d the 1 nited States
in every State. That is the express provision
of the ( .'"ouf.ritmion.
But the {|Ufstioii now proponl oil is a very diiler-
ent ono from thoca-o |i.<l suppoFinl, ol fheiiia-
jovity of free cilizeiiPresi noting-sonic ol i lie rights
