1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
of a minority. My friend from California [Mr.
Higbst] has informed us that there are one hun-
dred thousand more free colored citizens of the
United States in the State of Mississippi to-day
than there are of white citizens; that there are
one hundred thousand more free colored citi-
zens of the United States in South Carolina
than there are of white citizens, and then we are
gravely told that we must not press this amend-
ment because we are abandoning the Constitu-
tion and the intent of our fathers. That is a
new discovery, one for which the Democracy
Ought to take out letters patent, that it was ever
intended that a minority of free citizens should
disfranchise the majority of free male citizens,
of full age, in any State of the Union! For
myself I will never consent to it.
Well, then, some gentlemen asks, why not
to for a constitutional amendment which will
eelare, once for all, that no State in this Union
shall mal%e any distinction in the right of voting
between male citizens of the United States,
resident within its limits and over twenty-one
years of age, save in the case of persons con-
victed of infamous crime after due trial ? I will
answer with all my heart that I am ready to go
for that. But a majority of those with whom
I am associated think that this is all that is
needed at present, in connection with other
propositions to be submitted by them. I am
content with that. I want the American people
by adopting such amendments to declare their
purpose to stand by the foundation principle of
their own institutions, the absolute equality of
all citizens of the United States politically and
fcivilly before their own laws. That is the issue
involved in the amendment presented by the
committee.
Gentlemen will notice that the first clause of
the amendment proposed bj- the committee is in
the express language of the Constitution of the
**Uniied States, except the word "free." The
word "free'' in your Constitution has, I said
before, become forever meaningless by your
amendment to the Constitution declaring that
hereafter a slave cannot be or breathe anywhere
within the Republic. This joint resolution
says:
Representatives and 'direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned anion? the several States which may be in-
cluded within tills Union according to their respective
mimhevs, counlin? the whole number of persons in
each State, excluding Indians not taxed.
That is the exact language of the Constitu-
tion. Indians not taxed are excluded, for the
reasons suggested by the venerable chairman of
the committee [Mr. Stevexs] the other day,
that they are tribal, are not part of the body-
politic of the United States until they aie sub-
ject to taxation.
it is objected to this resolution, among other
things, that you retain the provision of the Con-
stitution for the apportionment of direct taxes.
I ask the attention of the House for a moment to
the importance of that provision. I know that
in the practice of the Government it has been
found entirely useless in time of peace. Tnthe
present century there have been but three oc-
casions when that grant of power in the Con-
stitution has been exercised, and those three
occasions were in time of war.
The efl'ect of the amendment of mv honorable
colleague [Mr. Schexok] is to strike out the
third clause of the second section of article one
of the Constitution, which declares that direct
taxes shall be apportioned among the several
States according to the ratio of representation ;
buthisamendment leaves and does not strike out
of the Constitution the provisions of the eighth
and ninth sections of article one, the first of
which is that the Congress shall have power to
lay and collect taxes, &c.; and the second of
which is that "no capitation or other direct tax
shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census
or enumeration hereinbefore directed to be
taken.'' How. then, will the Constitution stand?
Why, sir. it seems to me that this fact is a fatal
objection to the proposed amendment of my
co'llcaiue. [Mr. Sciiexck.] If you are to dis-
pose of the apportionment c.laase in the iirst |!
article of the ('nnsiihtii'm as to the apportion- jj
ment of direct taxes among the States, you must I i
go further and limit the power of Congress to
tax as provided in the eighth section. Take
away the power, as my colleague proposes, to
apportion direct taxes among the States, and
leave the power as my colleague proposes to im-
pose a direct capitation tax, and you introduce
into your Constitution an express power to make
unequal and unjust laws, which was abhorred by
the makers of your Constitution, and against
which they intended to provide a perpetual
safeguard in the clause for apportionment of all
direct taxes among the States.
The effect of my colleague's substitute, if it
be adopted, will be this: the apportionment
clause of the Constitution as to direct taxes
will be stricken out; the granting clause of the
eighth and ninth sections, to lay direct taxes,
even a capitation tax, will be retained. What
wiiybllow? The express power to enact un-
equal tax laws, such as are sometimes enacted
across the waters under the iron rule of Eng-
land, the imposition of taxes, so as directly to
make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
Let me explain. You lay a direct tax of one
dollar, or five dollars, if you please, per head
upon every citizen of the United States, and
you strike out the apportionment clause. The
result is that the poor man in his hovel, sur-
rounded by his ragged children, his only earthly
treasure, is compelled to pay, according to that
assessment, for every member of his household;
while the single, childless man, with his $100,000
of annual income, pays not a do'lar beyond the
assessment on his own head. Under the pro-
visions of the third clause of the second sec-
tion of articlc one, which my colleague would
strike out, that cannot bo. Why? Because a
capitation tax is a direct tax, and because the
third clause, which my colleague proposes to
strike out, requires that every direct tax shall
be apportioned, not among the people, but
among the States of the Union. The moment
you so apportion it, it becomes a tax upon prop-
erty, not upon persons. 1 think, Mr. Speaker,
that if nothing else were said upon the subject,
this objection to the proposed substitute of my
colleague would of itself be fatal. With my
present view of the matter, therefore, I cannot
vote for that amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will my colleague yield to
me one moment, that I may ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCIv. Do I understand my col-
league to insist that in the ninth section of the
first article there is no provision for any direct
tax except a capitation tax?
Mr. BiNGHAM. No, sir; I do not take that
position.
Mr. SCHEXCK. The language of that sec-
tion is:
"No cap! tat ion or other direct tax shall be laid, un-
less in propoition to theceu^n0 or enumeration here-
inbefore directed to be taken.'"
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not take that ground,
nor did 1 intimate any such position : but I in-
sist that the terms of the ninth section of the
first article of tj^<; Constitution affirm beyond all
question that every capitation tax is a direct
tax: and I will say further that the third clause
of section second of the first article of the Con-
stitution. which my colleague by his substitute
proposes to strike out. requires and enjoins that
every capitation as well as every other direct
tax shall be apportioned among the States, and
that the moment it is apportioned it ceases to
be a tax upon the person and becomes a tax
upon property. 1 insist fuither that, if you
strike out the third clause and lay your capita-
tion tax, and assess it without apportionment,
not upon property, but upon the person, you
thereby adopt a mode of assessment which the
fathers of the Constitution wisely forbade, and
which I trust the people of the United States
will forever prohibit.
Now, Mv. Speaker, what more is there of this
proposed amendment reported by the joint com-
mittee? I have stated that it stands in the very
words of the Constitution, omitting the word
''free.'1 What objection,then,can there be on
that side of the House to enacting it? "Oh!
the proviso,'' say the gentlemen—"the proviso
which declares that' whenever the elective fran
chise shall be denied or abridged in any State
on account of race or color, all persons of such
race or color shall be excluded from the basis
of representation.I beg my friend from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Higby,] and my honorable col-
league, {Mr. SHEi,r,abakger-,]to consider that a
grant of power by implication cannot be raised
by a_ law which only imposes a penalty, and'
nothing but a penalty, for the non-performance
of a duty or the violation of a right. Within
the last hundred years, in no country where the
common law obtains, I venture to say, has any
implication of a grant of power ever been held
to be raised by such a law, and especially an
implied power, to do an act expressly prohibited
by the same law. The guarantee of your Con-
stitution, thatthe peopleshall electtheir Repre-
sentatives in the several States, cannot be set
aside or impaired by inserting in your Constitu-
tion as a penalty for disregarding it the provis-
ion that the majority of a State that, denies the
equal rights of the minority shall suffer a loss
of political power.
I have endeavored to show that the words of
the Constitution, the people of " the States shall
choose their Representatives," is an express
guarantee that a majority ofthe free male citizens
of the United States in every State of this Union,
being of full age, shall have the political power
subject to the equal right of suffrage in the mi-
nority of free male citizens of full age. There
is a further guarantee in the Constitution, of a
republican form of government to every State,
which I take to mean that the majority of the
free male citizens in every State shall have the
political power. I submitto my friend that this
proviso is nothing but, a penalty for a violation
on the part of the people of any State of the
political right of franchise guarantied by the
Constitution to their free male fellow-citizens
of full age.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Mv. BTNGHAM. Most cheerfully.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 ask whether under the amend-
ment we propose to adopt as a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States, a State could not,
by virtue of the proviso which it contains, have
a right to disfranchise any class of citizens on
account of race or color?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am sorry the gentleman
did not notice what I said before he rose, for I
think if he hail he would not have made the in-
quiry. I say that the proviso is a penalty, and
nothing but a penalty, inilieted on the State if
its ruling class disregard and violate the guar-
antees of the Constitution of the political right
of all the free people therein, being male citi-
zens of the United States of full age, to partici-
pate in the choice of electors, by imposing on
any part of one class special disabilities not
imposed on the other class.
The guaranteein the first article of the second
section of the Constitution rightly interpreted
is, as I claim, this, that the majority of the male
citizens ofthe United States of full age in cach
State shall forever exercise the politicalpower of
the State with this limitation, that they shall
never by caste legislation impose disabilities
upon one class of free male citizens to the denial
or abridgment of equal rights. The further pro-
vision is that the United States shall guaranty
to cach State a republican form of government,
which means that the majority of male citizens
of full age in each State shall govern, not how-
ever, in violation of the Constitution of ihe
United States or of the rights ofthe minority.
Mr. BROMWELTi, I ask the gentleman to
lot me ask him a question.
Mr. BTNGHAAl. Certainly, although it de-
stroys the order of my remarks.
Mr. BROMWELL. I ask the gentleman
whetherthe pending amendment reported from
the committee does not. by forcible implication,
if sanctioned by three fourths of the Sta'e Le-
gislatures, admit that a majority may disfran-
chise a minority?
Mr. BINGHAM. As I have before stated,
and I beg thegentleman'spardonforaskuighis
! attention to the fact, there has not been saeh
