1865.]
APPENDIX TO: THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
I#
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. op,Reps..
The transfer of the Eleventh and Twelfth
corps, under General Hooker, in 1863, from the
Potomac to the Tennessee, is the only parallel
to this movement. That was an almost unex-
ampled operation at the time. General Hooker's
command contained 23,000 men, and was ac-
companied by its artillery and trains, baggage
and animals, and accomplished the distance
from the Rapidan, in Virginia, to Stevenson, in
Alabama, a distance of 1,192^ miles, in seven
days, crossingtheOhiorivertwice. TheTwenty-
third Army corps moved 15,000 strong.
Other important operations are described,
among which are the supply of the army of
Lieutenant General Grant before Richmond;
of the army of General Sherman at Atlanta,
preparatory to his march to Savannah; of the
same army at the depots on the Atlantic, on his
communicating with the coast, first at Savannah
and afterward at Goldsboro', at both of which
places depots were established, and his army
reenforccd and equipped with everything neces-
sary to make successful campaigns.
The transfer of the Twenty-fifth Army corps,
25,000 strong, m the month of May, from the
James to the coast of Texas, is fully described,
and the extent and cost of the fleet used in this
movement are set forth in full.
Transportation was promptly supplied from
all parts of the South to their homes in the
North, for the immense army which has been
disbanded, and the organization of the depart-
ment which has made it possible to meet these
demands so promptly is believed to have been
at least as perfect as that of any other nation.
The report gives tables of the quantities of
the principal military supplies, clothing, for-
age, fuel, horses, mules, and wagons, which have
been purchased, transported, and used during
the fiscal year. It contains full statements of
the vessels which have been in the service dur-
ing that time upon the western rivers and upon
the ocean and bays. Many of them have now
been discharged from service or advertised for
sale, orders for the reduction of the transport
fleet having been given as soon as hostilities
ceased.
The return of the armies from the South, the
transportation of the discharged soldiers to
their homes, the transfer of troops to Texas,
the return of refugees expelled from the South
by General Sherman, and of rebel prisoners
released at the termination of the war, have,
however, taxed the resources of the quarter-
master's department heavily during the last
spring and summer.
The transport service lias been most satis-
factorily performed. Upon the ocean a ileet
of over 700 vessels has been constantly em-
ployed, with the reported loss by storm, by
collision, and by fire, of only 3 ; one steam-
ship was destroyed in each of these modes.
The repair of the railroads fiom Chattanooga^
to Atlanta by the military railroad branch of
the quartermaster's department, under the
charge of Brevet Brigadier General 1). C. Mc-
Callum. was referred to in the last annual re-
port. Upon the advance of General Sherman
from Atlanta, he destroyed the railroad in his
rear, blew up all the railroad buildings at At-
lanta, sent back his surplus stores and all the
railroad machinery which had to that time sup-
plied his army. The stores and the railroad
stock were safely withdrawn to Nashville, and
al'u r the dispersion of the army of Hood, which
had broken the railroad in Georgia and Ten-
nessee in its advance, the railroad construction
corps again took the field, and reopened rail-
road communication with Chattanooga, At-
lanta. and Decatur. After the fall of Macon
and Augusta, it became necessary, in order to
simply the army of Major General Wilson, to
open railroad communication between Augusta
and Atlanta, and Macon. This was success-
fully accomplished. .
A division of the Construction corps, ruby
organized, under the command of Colonel
V, Tight, with tools and equipments, was trans-
ferred. in December and .January, from the
Tennessee to Savannah, by way of Baltimore.
As General Sherman did not repair the rail-
roads of Georgia and South Carolina, but
marched northward, lightly equipped, living
upon the supplies in his wagon trains, and by
foraging upon the enemy, this division of the
Construction corps was transferred to Beau-
fort, North Carolina, and after its fall, to Wil-
mington, where it repaired and restocked the
railroads from these ports to Goldsboro' and
to Raleigh. General Sherman's army was
thus quickly provisioned, reclad, reshod, and
equipped for a march to the J ames.
The surrender of the rebel armies and pa-
cification of the southern States have enabled
the quartermaster's department to return to
their former possessors most of the railroads
which have been in military possession dur-
ing the war. The department, in transferring
them to their boards of directors—reorganized
upon a loyal footing—delivers np the roads and
bridges in whatever condition they may be at
the time of the transfer.
The great accumulation of railroad engines
and cars upon the western military railroads is
being disposed of to the railroads of the South-
west, which have suffered severely from the
operations of both armies during the war.
Under the orders of the Executive, this stock
is being delivered to the companies, who are to
pay for it within two years, at a valuation fixed
by a board of officers and experts assembled
by the Government.
The reconstruction of these roads and their
successful operation are of great importance,
not only to the districts in which they are located,
but to the general commerce and prosperity
of the country; and the liberal policy pursued
toward them will react favorably upon the rev-
enue and credit of the nation.
The agreement made early in the war with
the railroad companies of the loyal States, fix-
ing reduced rates of military transportation,
remains in force, and has been extended to the
railroads in the southern States since the ter-
mination of hostilities.
Full reports are given of the quantities of
clothing and camp and garrison equipage fur-
nished to our armies during the past year, and
also during the war. The tables accompany-
ing the Quartermaster General'srcportgive in-
formation on these points, which shows in a
favorable light the manufacturing power of the
country. ,
The vast supplies of forage required for the
armies have been promptly furnished and
transported to the depots. While moving
through the southern country the armies found
ample quantities, and it was only when lying still
in camp that they had any difficulty in supply-
ing themselves.
During the year over 29,000,000 bushels of
grain and 400,000 tons of hay have been pro-
vided by the depots of the quartermaster's de-
partment ; 330,000 cords of wood and 832,000
tons of coal have also been supplied by the de-
pots. Troops in the field have supplied them-
selves with fuel from the forests in which they
have operated. The depots of the quarter-
master's department have, during the war, fur-
nished the Army with 23,000,000 bushels of
corn, 78.000,000 bushels of oats, 93,000 bush-
els of barley, 1,500.000 tons of hay, 20,000 tons
of straw. 550,000 cords of wood, and 1,000,000
tons of coal, all of which have been purchased,
measured, transported, issued, and accounted
for by its officers and agents. At the depot of
Washington alone there have been issued dur-
ing the year 4,500,000 bushels of corn, 29,000,-
000 bushels of oats, 490,000 tons of hay,
210,000 cords of wood, and 392,000 tons of
coal.
The supply of hordes arid mules for the Army
has beeu regular and sufficient. 1 hero were
1st Julv, 18C1, to aoth June. 1805, 58,818
mules. ' Priced of horses varied during the year
from $144 to $185: of mules, from $170 to
$195.
The reduction of the Army has enabled the
quartermaster's department to dispense with
large numbers of horses and mules, and to the
17th October the sales of animals are estimated
to have produced $7,000,000.
The teams and animals of the armies have,
as during previous fiscal years, averaged about
one wagon to twenty-four men in the field, and
one horse or mule to every two men.
The burial records of the quartermaster's
department, which do not include the names of
those who fell in battle, and were buried im-
mediately on the field by their comrades, show
the interment in cemeteries of 110,148 persons,
of whom 98,827 were loyal, 12,58G dislc^-al,
and of whom 95,803 were whites and 20,315
colored persons.
The military cemeteries at Washington, Alex-
andria, Arlington, and Chattanooga have been
carefully tended and decorated.
An officer, with material and men, to mark
the graves of our brethren who fell victims to
rebel barbarity at Anderson ville, was dispatched
from Washington as soon as the country was
opened to us, and reports that he has inclosed
the cemetery and marked the graves of 12,912
soldiers buried therein. Of these the captured
records of the prison hospital enabled him to
identify 12,401, and their names were recorded
upon head-boards, painted white, and planted
at the head of their graves. On 451 graves he
was compelled to put the sad inscription, " Un-
known United Slates soldier." The list of
these names is in course of publication. _ The
names of those who have been interred in the
military cemeteries of the District of Columbia
and at Arlington have already been published
and distributed to State authorities and public
institutions, as well as to newspapers which
publish official advertisements, so as to be made
accessible to their friends.
The military organization of the operatives
and agents of the quartermaster's department,
referred to in the last annual rcniort, was kept
up until the close of the war. It did good ser-
vice in the fortifications, atthe attack on Wash-
ington in July, at the attack on Johnsonville
in the fall, and bore a part in the battle of Nash-
ville, on the 15th and 10th of December, 18G4,
which gave the final blow to the rebellion in
the West. Upon the cessation ofhostilities this
organization was disbanded, its arms restored
to the arsenal, and most of its members have
returned to peaceful pursuits.
'The employment of eolored men in the quar-
termaster's department, in connection with the
trains of the Army, as laborers at depots, and
as pioneers of the troops of the western army,
continued to the close of the war. _ In all these
positions they have done good service, and ma-
terially contributed to the final victory which
confirmed their freedom.
The great cost of transportation of supplies
across the western plains and mountains to the
depots and posts of the wilderness, and for the
supply of troops operating against the Indians,
is reported, and the Quartermaster General
calls attention to the importance, in this view,
of the vigorous prosecution of the work of the
railroads to connect the Mississippi valley with
the Pacific coast, as a military precaution, and
a measure of economy, deserving the fostering
care of the Government.
RETRENCHMENT IN TIIIO QUARTERMASTER GEN-
ERATES BUREAU.
The Quartermaster General reports that im-
mediately on the termination of active hostili-
ties, under orders from the Secretary of vVj\r7
he took measures to reduce expenditures: to
discharge operatives and agents; to discharge
chartered transports, and to sell t^iose uCiong-
ing to the United States not needed to bring
home troops fort muster out; to reduce the
number of horses in reserve at the depot: to
stop the purchase of horses and muleS} and to
sell those belonging to the troops disbanded;
