1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2455
not yield it whoever may come upon it. Par-
ties in opposition to principle are to me noth-
ing more nor less than mere means to an end.
When you ask mo or undertake to drive me to
abandon the ground on which we have elected
our Administration, I will be no more bound
by your party ties than is flax when it is touched
with fire. But, sir, when you argue with me
a principle you will find me there every time.
Though professed Republicans may abandon
the platform, and though professed Democrats
may abandon their party and come on to my
platform, I will not abandon it.
Now, Mr. President, let us look at this
matter a little as reasonable men. We organ-
ized in this great campaign. We fought the
battle through. We vanquished all opposition.
We captured the rebellion, and with it we
captured the Democratic party also. They
surrendered unconditionally to our Adminis-
tration, to our principles, to our platform, and
pledged themselves to its support, both North
and South. These are the facts. Now what
would a wise general do ? What shall we do
with this great victory ? Shall we be afraid of
it and run away, or shall we stand fast by our
principles and the position we have taken, and
master the situation ourselves? That is the
question. I know that the Democratic party
as such, being completely vanquished with our
success in the capture of the rebellion, have
come forward and admit that our ground is the
right ground. Do they say now that the war
is a failure? Notatall. They declare that it
is a glorious success. Do they now say that
they are in favor of the institution of slavery
or extending it, or allowing it to be extended ?
Not at all. They are rejoicing that slavery is
abolished. They comc forward and avow in
all their newspapers and in all their resolutions
and in all their party creeds precisely what we
avowed in the campaign of 1804. Is not that
a victory ? Will you run away from your own
victory? Why could we not as men have
stood up by the side of our President, whom
we had chosen, who stood precisely on the
ground on which we placed him, in whom
there has been no variableness on this ques-
tion, no shadow of turning, but moving right
on ? Why could we not have stood by him
and reaped all this great victory, built up the
Union party of the country, and held its
administration for a quarter of a century ?
Mr. President, the whole secret was told by
the frank, open-hearted, manly Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] when he made his answer to
the speech which I delivered in this body on
the 17th of January. What did he say? He
said that lie agreed with Mr. Johnson in all he
had done: he found no fault with what he had
done ; he had proceeded.upon the policy of our
party, upon the policy of Mr. Lincoln, and had
improved upon the policy of Mr. Lincoln; and,
said that Senator, in substance, the only thing
which remains to be done to put the key-stone
in the arch is universal, impartial negro suffrage
in the South. With that the whole policv of
Mr. Johnson would have been complete. That
was the point of difference. It began at the
beginning of this session with that, and with
the resolution that my colleague brought in,
that we must treat these States as Territories,
that we must provide provisional governments
for them as Territories. These two ideas were
the ideas that began this war upon the Presi-
dent and upon liis policy. The President had
made no war upon anybody. He had made no
war upon anybody's policy or position. He
had simply in his first message, and every sub-
sequent act of his has conformed to that, brought
forward the true state of the case. He was the
executor of Mr. Lincoln. Mr. Lincoln, in his
last speech, from which I before read an
extract in this body, about three days before
his assassination urged upon the country
this policy.
But, Mr. President, in relation to the powei;
of appointment, I said to my colleague that
within my recollection, now thirty years of
political affairs, I have never known an Admin-
istration more tolerant of opposition than the
Administration now in power. I believe it.
If Mr. Johnson has erred at all, it has been in
being too tolerant, not merely of opposition
of opinion, but of opposition in the shape of
the most vilifying, wicked, unfounded, libel-
ous abuse which has been thrown upon him
from one end of the country to the other by
newspapers whose editors or proprietors were
holding office under the Government. In rela-
tion to some of those matters, neither you nor
I, if we had the responsibility of the execu-
tive department upon us, would tolerate that
kind of personal abuse. It is unbecoming to
allow it.
But, sir, in relation to Mr. Johnson, as I
have said, he, like other men, may err; but
for three years to coine he is to be our Presi-
dent, the President of our choice, the President
in whose hands, to a considerable extent, the
destinies of this country are necessarily placed;
and within the next three years to come we
must settle all these great questions, and we
must dispose of our pending relations with
Mexico and with Great Britain. In what con-
dition are we placed now, with these States all
unrepresented, with the people growing more
and more discontented—1 mean the Union men
of the South as well as those who have been
in war against us—for the reason that for six
long months here you have turned your back
upon representatives as loyal as any man who
sits upon this floor, some of whom have been
wounded upon the battle-field while serving
the cause of the country, and treated them pre-
cisely as you would treat the disloyal of the
South. They become aggrieved; they become
discontented and disappointed; their hearts
are failing within them: and. as Mr. Lincoln
said would occur, we, by turning our backs
upon them, are doing all in ourpowerto demor-
alize, disperse, and disorganize our friends in
the South. What condition, I ask, are we in
if we should have (what may come upon us at j
any hour) difficulties growing out of our rela- j
tions with Mexico? Suppose that, from our I
complications there, we are involved in a war
with Austria or France, orboth together, what
condition are you into call upon the people
of the South to come up to aid you in the great
conflict? I tell you, Senators, it is our duty
to close up this question. What is the effect
of the proposition before us, reported from the
committee on reconstruction? is there a man
on this floor who believes that that proposi-
tion, if it be submitted to the several States,
will be adopted by a majority, much less by
three fourths of them? Who believes if we
should submit it that it would be so adopted?
T do not think there is any man who can be-
lieve it. If they will not adopt it, what, then, is
the effect? Instead of being reconstruction it
is obstruction to the restoration of the States
and of the Union.
Mr. President, I do not care to be drawn
into a discussion of these party questions. I
foresaw in certain movements that took place
in the beginning, that it was war on the Ad-
ministration andintended aswar on the Admin-
istration by some who took part in it; and fear-
ful of the result. I have struggled from the
beginning to avoid it, to endeavor if possible
and by every means to have our friends in Con-
gress and the President of the UniLed States
act harmoniously and act together on these
great questions. The system of policy which
Mr. Johnson inherited from Mr. Lincoln had
been in operation for years. He presented it.
You have not presented any better policy.
Something must be done. This policy of the
President must be accepted, certainly, unless
there is a better policy. We must do some-
thing. Why not then come up, one and all,
and take hold of this matter ? I can assure my
friend from Massachusetts that the people of
this country, now that the war is over, demand
peace, and will have it, and that it shall be
peace in reality and not a mocker}'. I bey
demand the union of these States, not their
disunion. They demand reconstruction, not
obstruction. They demand, and will have, the
loyal representatives of the southern States in
the Congress of the United States. Sir, our
friends here sometimes overlook and do not
fully comprehend, in my judgment—I say it
with all respect—that deep-seated feeling there
is existing among the great mass of the people
of the North. My friend from Massachusetts
is utterly mistaken when he thinks that ninety-
nine hundredths'of the Republican party, as it
is called, or the Union party, are with him on'
this question. He will find himself utterly
mistaken if he relies on any such anticipation.
I had hoped, that this question would have
been voted upon long ago. I know that this
discussion has taken a wide range and made
many digressions—digressions which perhaps
I ought to regret, and which certainly I will
not continue by any longer trespassing on the
time of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Wisconsin seems to have addressed his
remarks to me 
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to a question of
order.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Senator will state his point
of order.
Mr. CONNESS. It is that this discussion
has no relation whatever to the question before
the body. It has proceeded for nearly two
hours, and gentlemen rise here and occupy the
entire time in repeated speeches upon interpo-
lations introduced by themselves. If wo are
going to consume the day in this kind of debate
I propose that there bean opportunity given to
more than the Senator from Wisconsin and the
Senator from Massachusetts. I propose that
we shall not listen constantly to the speech of
the 17th of January repeated here upon every
appropriation bill or other bill that may be
introduced; and I ask either that the discus-
sion be confined to the question before us, or
that it be more general than it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The discus-
sion certainly does not relate to the subject
before the Senate, but under the practice of
the Senate the Chair does not feel authorized
to rule it out of order. A wide range of debate
has always been allowed in the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. It is very seldom that I ever
say anything on these questions ; I have occu-
pied scarcely an hour during the whole of the
session ; and I am very much surprised that
the Senator from California, who occupies
more time than any other member of the Sen-
ate. should make a point of order of this char-
acter. I did desire at this time to reply to a
few of the remarks made by the Senator from
Wisconsin ; but as the Senator from California
has raised this point of order, if it is the wish
of the Senate to close this discussion, I shall
forego that answer.
Mr. COWAN. It is very well known that
I never interfere in discussions of this kind,
or very rarely, at least, because I know that
the effect of them is not to convince anybody
but perhaps to widen the breach. I only rise
now for the purpose of correcting some errors
into which the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] has fallen in the ex-
cess of his zeal, and, I may say, in the excess
of his hostility to the President.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
belongs to one wing of the Republican party ;
I belong to the other wing. We had the Presi-
dent heretofore, and he bad to put up with it;
we have got the President now, and he has
got to put up with it.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to see the
wing to which the Senator belongs.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator will
find the wing this fall, and it will be such a
wing as will sweep him and liis faction out of
existence, or I am very much mistaken in the
signs of the times. He may succeed up m
Massachusetts, or along there, but he will not
succeed anywhere else, I think, very well, with
all the bluster and parade that he makes as
though he and his set were the whole Repub-
lican party. .
The Senator to-day has descended into mat-
ters which more properly belong to the execu-
