2456
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
tive sessions of this body. He -has charged
the President here—with what, pray? A de-
sign to betray the Republican party? [Mr.
Wilsojt shook his head.] To betray was the
word; and I speak it knowing what I do speak
and understanding what I do say, and I speak
it more in sorrow than in anger, that in this
party of ours for some time it has been the
fashion, when anybody differed from certain
gentlemen upon this side, there was no toler-
ance of a difference of opinion; there was no
term too harsh to be applied to the recusant.
Any man of sense couid have seen that that
was a very handsome way to keep_ up a party,
particularly when that party had its platforms
promulged to the world; when they were written
down and before the world, and could be read,
and when the people themselves had pronounced
upon them.
Now, I say to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, and all those who hold similar
opinions with him—I trust there are not many
who will bo so unguarded in their language as
he has been—that so far front the President
betraying the Republican party, if its written
records are to be evidence of what it believes
and what it thinks, the President to-day stands
upon its platform firmly. Take that platform,
produce your articles, bring forward your res-
olutions, and show where he has violated a
single <5ne of them; and when you do I will
undertake to show upon this floor', and I will
show it beyond the possibility of a denial, that
it is the honorable Senator, and those who
believe with him, who never were members
of the party, who never ought to have belonged
to it, and were the burden that it has always
carried; that they are those who caused the
divergence; they are those who, carried away
into these new schcmes and these new projects,
have split it and divided it. I understand the
Senator belongs to a party who discard plat-
forms, who discard the belief of yesterday—
a party of progress, who boast, "Are we not
wiser to-day than wo were yesterday? Have
we not learned something in the experience
of the past?" 1 should be glad if they had.
Now 
Mr. SHERMAN. As the time for an ad-
journment is approaching, I rise to a point of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor will state his point of order.
Sir. SHERMAN. I ask if there is any lim-
itation upon debate in the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. I ask the Senator to put his
point of order in writing. I believe that is the
rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so ; but in the
mean time I call on the Senator to take his seat.
I am now serious. This debate has been con-
tinued for five or six days, and I hope we shall
be allowed to come to a vote.
Mr. COWAN. I will change the subject and
speak to another point. The honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts has told the Senate 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the rule be
enforced, and that the Senator take his seat
until the point of order is disposed of.
Mr. COWAN. I clearly have a right to
reply to personal matter.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio rises to a point of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator must take
his seat, and I will reduce the point of order
to writing.^ The Senator made his point on
me, and I insist that the rule shall be enforced.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to ask leave of the
Senate to reply to that part of the remark 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rules
require that the Senator from Pennsylvania
shall resume his seat until the Senator from
Ohio has stated his point of order.
Mr. COWAN. But I ask leave to proceed
upon a new subject.
Several Senators. That is unnecessary.
Mr. COWAN. I will waive it.
Mr. TRUMBULL, fto Mr. Cow as.) You
have a, right to say what you please.
Mr. COWAN. I agree with my friend from
California [Mr. Confess] that this has all been
e'£tra jitdic'e, beydnd the rule1; bht I wish to say
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
because it illustrates the folly of this persistent
quarrel that is kept up upon the President of
the United States and which has been brought
into the body 
Mr. SHERMAN. In compliance with the
demand of the Senator from Pennsylvania J
send the point of order in writing to the Chair;
and I should like to have the Senator comply
with the rules as he enforced them against me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Senator
from Ohio raises the following point of order:
"The point of order is, that the remarks of
the Senator from Pennsylvania are not perti-
nent to the question before the Senate."
Mr. HOWE. Would a motion that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania have leave to proceed
bo in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until
the point of order has been decided. The point
of order is undoubtedly welt taken according to
the rules of the Senate, but under the practice
and the wide range of debate that has always
been allowed in the Senate, the Chair does not
feel that he would be following the precedents
in deciding that the Senator is out of order.
The Senator from Pennsylvania will proceed,
unless the Senator from Ohio appeals from the
decision of Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply want it to be
understood, because, having this bill in charge,
I wish to do my duty, and I think it is the duty
of the Chair to submit the question to the
Senate and let us be governed by the will of
the Senate. I believe that has been the usual
course on such questions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will follow that suggestion and submit the point
of order to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope before that is
done 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is
done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair decides to
submit it to the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To submit
it to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
assumes that that is usually done. I have
never known it to be done in the eleven years
that I have been a member of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Never on a question
like this. This is the first time that it has ever
been done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is out of
order unless ho appeals from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL,
decided.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL,
right to argue it.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
The Chair has not
It is to be loft to the
Vei-y well; I have a
No. sir.
I insist that I have.
I make the point of
order that the Senator has no right to argue
the question unless he takes an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair has not de-
cided it, and I have a right to argue how it shall
be decided.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is for the Chair
to settle. I understand the Chair has made a
decision that it shall be left to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And now I can afgue
before the Senate how it shall be decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
submits the point of order to the Senate, but
that is not a deeisfon, and the Senator from.
Illinois has a right to argue the question.
Mr. TRUMB [ILL. Now, I wish to say 
Mr. COWAN. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On this question I be-
lieve I have the floor. Sir, I would not have
interfered with this question of order at all but
for the remark which fell from the Senator from
Mainfe'or the Senator from Ohio, that it had
been -usual to submit a question of this kind to
the Senate. When an amendment has been
offered to an appropriation bill and it was
objected that it was a private' claim, the Chair
has often submitted that question to the Sen-
ate for its decision; bat I have no recollec-
tion, and I think the Senator from Maine will
find it difficult to prdduce a case, where, on
a question of debate, when the whole subject
was up, when a bill wa^ under consideration
and a Senator was discussing that bill, he was
ever called to order in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States for the irrelevancy of his remarks,
and the question was submitted to the Senate
as to whether he should go on or not. I con-
sider it a veryimportant matter in this body to
undertake to limit debate. The Senator from
Pennsylvania must be the judge himself of what
latitude he thinks proper to indulge in; and
although I am quite willing to give him leave
to proceed in order, as some one has suggested,
I insist that he has a right to proceed and dis-
cuss this bill and make such a speech as he
thinks proper, and that there is no rule that
has fiver been enforced in the Senate to deny
him that right. I should be very sorry at this
day to see a majority Of the Senate decide that
the Senator from Pennsylvania is .out of order
because in their opinion his remarks are irrele-
vant to the particular point under considera-
tion. The whole bill is now open before the
Senate. We are discussing an amendment to
an appropriation bill, which, in my judgment,
properly entitles any Senator who thinks proper
to indulge in remarks—he must be his own
judge as to the propriety of them—in making
such remarks as he thinks proper, not, of
course, violating the rules of the Senate in what
he says; but so far as relevancy is concerned,
he is to judge of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have now the rule, and
I will read it to the Senate. It is a rule thatis
very rarely referred to, because we do not look
to these questions closely:
"7. If any member.in speakingorotherwise, trans-
gress tha rules of the Senate, the Presiding Officer
shall, or any member may, call to order; and when
a member shall be called to order by the President
or a Senator, lie shall sit down, and shall not proceed
without leave of the Senate."
That settles that question.
" And every question of order shall be decided by
the President without debate, subject to an appeal to
the Senate; and the President may call for the sense
of the Senate on any question of order."
And my impression is that it is usual for the
Chair to submit a question of order to the Sen-
ate. On the question of practice I may not
be correct. Senators who are older than I am
can speak as to that.
Several Senators. Not on a question of
relevancy.
Mr. SHERMAN. .That is the general par-
liamentary law. How far that is to be enforced
in the Senate, is a matter for the Senate to
determine. I do not wish to be discourteous
to my friend from Pennsylvania, but this ques-
tion has been before us far .five or si-is dayS,
and I want to have it disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ A point of order on a
question of relevancy is never submitted to the
Senate.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me, I will suggest to him that ho had
better, in this case, withdraw his point of order,
because there can be no general rule on a ques-
tion of this kind. You may in this case decide
that the Senator from Pennsylvania is out of
order, but that does not decide that any other
Senator is out of order until the Senate take
the question on that particular case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
withdraw it. The only reason why I insisted
upon it so far was that the Senator from Penn-
( sylvania tookthe technical objection thatl must
| reduce my point of order to writing, and that
| being unusual, I thought I would insist on the
i enforcement of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not insist that the point of order should be
reduced to writing. The Senator from Ohio
had a right to state it without reducing it to
writing.
