432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
a construction, in my opinion, of a law which
imposes only a penalty, for centuries, if ever, in
any country where the common law obtains.
The construction insisted upon by the gentle-
man amounts to this, that a law which inflicts
a penalty or works a forfeiture for doing an act,
by implication authorizes the act to be done fur
doing which the penalty is inflicted. There can-
not be sacfi a construction of the proviso. It
is a penalty. It says in terms that if any of
the States of the United States shall disobey
the Constitution; that if they shall make dis-
tinctions in violation of the second section of
the first article of the Constitution, that as a
penalty such State shall lose political power in
this House, to the extent of the whole class or
race against any part of whom the unjust dis-
crimination has been made.
If, therefore, the Stale of South Carolina by
a violation of the Constitution shall say that
■white citizens only shall vatc, thereby exclud-
ing the majority of the free male citizens of the
State because they are colored, the proviso is,
that then South Carolina, instead of having six_
.Representatives upon this floor as she otherwise
would have, shall only have two. Is that not j ust,
if the one third of the people of that State dis-
franchise two thirds of the free people of tluit
State? It is according to the spirit of the Con-
stitution? Is it not just as compared with the
gallant State of Vermont, a Stale always faith-
ful to the Constitution, with three hundred
and twenty thousand white population, which
sends three Representatives? South Carolina,
according to the argument of gentlemen, may
violate the Constitution, may violate every pi in-
ciple of republican government, may by the act
of a minority deny all political rights to the
majority, and yet for doing so the gentlemen
who oppose this amendment say that she shall
be entitled to six Representatives for tier two
hundred and eighty thousand returned rebel
white citizens, and thereby count two to one
over Vermont with twenty thousand more
white population than South Carolina. To pre-
vent so gross an injustice we propose the pen-
alty that no State, by a denial of right to the
majority on account of race or color, shall be
allowed to represent such disfranchised major-
ity of free nude citizens. We say if a Stale does
this thingsucli State shall be reduced in political
power on this floor, but shall not lie relieved
from the payment of taxes on the whole num-
ber of free population.
You place upon your statute-book a law pun-
ishing the crime of murder with death. You
do not thereby, by implication, say that any-
body may, of right, commit murder. You but
pass a penal law. You do not prohibit murder
m the Constitution; you guaranty life in the
Constitution. You do not prohibit the abuse of
power by the majority in the Constitution in
express terms, bul.you guatanly the equal light
of all li ee male citizens of full age to elect Rep-
resentatives; and by the proviso you iulliet, a
penally upon a State which denies or abridges
that right 011 account of race or color. 1 a doing
that we are not to be told that we coaler a, power
to override the express guarantees of the Con-
stitution. We propose the penalty iu aid of the
guarantee, not in avoidance of it.
.But, sir, if implied powers are to be inferred
from the mere penalty proposed, then the ob-
jection on that ground applies with equal force
to the substitute olfered by my colleague, [Mr.
SciiEXuic.] What is implied here? I say, by
my argument, 110 such implication can be made.
But I do say, as a logical scpienee it results,
i{ powers are to bo implied because you impose
as a penalty the forfeiture^of political powers
on a Stale that denies or abridges tlie rights of
any portion of the people guarantied by the
Constitution, that the argument ut-god upon
that ground against tins proviso operates with
equal force against the substitute offered by
my colleague. What is that? Thib i.s the
provision proposed by my colleague, ['Mr.
8oiji:xck:]
Representatives .shall ho apportioned among the
several Mates -which may ho included within the
Union according- to the number of male citizens over
twenty-one years of age having the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of
the State Legislature.
Is not the effect of this the same as that of
the proviso, differing in degree ? Itis apenalty.
It is the diminution of political power in the
State that limits suffrage among the citizens of
the United States. The intent of my eulleague's
substitute is the same as that of the proviso in
the resolution reported by the committee. It is
to compel those States, upon the penalty of
losing political power, to do equal and exact
justice among the free citizens of the United
States in the regulation of the elective franchise.
It results that the argument made against the
proviso does apply as well to the proposed sub-
stitute of my colleague. Does not that substi-
tute imply, according to the argument wo have
heard, that all citizens of the United States,
being male persons over twenty-one yea^ of
age, in a State, may not be allowed to exorcise
the elective franchise? IJid not my colleague
f Air. SciiKXoic] admit in his argument yester-
day that this fact was implied ? Undoubtedly.
Does the substitute not imply farther—if, as
contended, a penalty for doing an act is an im-
plied power and authority to do it—that the
franchise may be conferred in the States upon
aliens? Most undoubtedly. "Well, is not that
a violation of the Constitution? Was it not in-
tended by the Constitution, as I argued in the
beginning, that, the political power of this coun-
try should be exercised in the several Slates of
the Union only by citizens of the United States,
natural born or duly naturalized? Undoubt-
edly that is the intent of your Constitution.
The ballot is the so\ereignty of the nation, and
should only be inthe hands of citizens. A few
Statesofthe Union, and buta lew. liaro granted
alien suffrage. My colleague, I am sure, is not
its advocate. Hut let uonllemon. when tliev
enter upon this mode of argument, raising im-
plied powers from a restraining law. consider
well whither their logic leads t.lieni. I assert
again, without fear of contradiction from any
man who deliberately examines the subject, that
the argument urged against the proviso, that
by implication it authorizes an act to be done
which it punishes, that the argument lies as well
against the substitute offered by my colleague.
There is in my mind 110 doubt about it.
It seems to me, sir, that the joint resolution
of the committee lias this to leeomuiend it. in
addition to what 1 have said over the proposed
substitute, that, it leaves to e\erv State of this
Union, according to the original intent and
litter of the Constitution, its equal political
power in the Union, pnn ided 1 he several States
obey its requirements. That is precisely what it.
proposes. What is the result,, if you substitute;
my colleague's amendment ? V'ou diminish ne-
cessarily the political power of the loyal States
while you increase in t be same ratio that of the
rebel States upon their admission to represen-
tation in this House. Xow, is it not enough for
us to allow them to come in Vtilli equal politi-
cal power upon precisely the same terms with
I he rest.; or are we ready to stripjhe loyal .States
of 1 lie jio-t political power under the Consti-
tution which they hold to-day. I believe it
endangers the future safety of the Republic
to increase the political power of the ele\cn
States that have been iu rebellion against the
Government, and diminish the political power
of the loyal States. In my judgment, that
would be the effect of ray colleagae'ssubstiliuo.
How? Why, simply thus. Under the Consti-
tution as it now is and a-< it always has been,
the entire immigrant population of this country
isineludedintliebasis of representation. Kverv
man knows that the great body of the immi-
grant population of America always has been
and now is confined to the free loyal States.
There is no considerable portion of it found
anywhere within the limits of the eleven rebel
States. By sabstitutingthe amendment of my
colleague you strike from the basis of repre-
sentation the entire immigrant population not
| naturalized, and therefore not yet capable of
becoming voters, citizens of the United Slates
over twenty-one years of age. I ask the House
to consider whether that is wise.
It will be admitted, doubtless, that the framers
of the Constitution inserted this provision to
encourage immigration. They did so, not only
by this provision of the organic law, which de-
clared that the whole immigrant population
should be numbered with the people and
counted as part of them, but by the further pro-
vision that Congress should have power to pass
a uniform naturalization law, and thereby pro-
vide that the alien population, by complying
with the terms of the statute, should be clothed
with the dignity of citizens of the United States
and invested with the rights and powers of
citizens.
There is no provision of the Constitution
that is more essential to the future of the Re-
public than this. It is as true now as when the
Constitution of the United States was adopted,
that the want of the Republic is productive
power. The wise statesmen who fashioned
the Constitution invited to these shores the
toiling millions of the Old World. They in-
vited the workers and the builders whose hon-
est toil clothes and shelters nations. They
came from every civilized nationality, to be
numbered among our people, and finally to
become one with us as citizens uf the Republic.
But, say gentlemen now, they shall not be
numbered among our people, that we must de-
part from that policy which has hitherto given
the Republic its strength, which has enabled it
to achieve what has hitherto been seen only in
the vision of the Seer, a nation born in a day,
a nation that within the memory of living men
has peopled this vast country of ours from the
western base of the Alleghanies to the gates of
the Pacific, and covered the continent with free
Commonwealths. Mr. Speaker, 1 trust that
the House will deliberate long before, they sub-
stitute any such untried project for the older,
safer way of the fathers of the Constitution.
One word more about this mucli-abused pro- '
viso. It oilers an inducement to those States
lately in rebellion, when they are admitted to
their proper positions in the Union, if they
would assert their political power, not only to
make the franchise universal, but if the neecs-
sity existsto which my colleague [ Mr. Sciiexck]
refeiTed yesterday, to unbar the gates of knowl-
edge and allow all the citizens of their States
the means either of self-culture, or of culture
th rough the beneficence and kindness of others,
it is true that this amendment may not, as it
cannoi, compel the States to grant the means
of mental -instruction. This amendment will
not accomplish all that we desire, but it will be
a step taken toward the attainment of the end.
I trust that before fliis Congress shall conclude
its session amendments will be sent out to the
people by which the Congress may upon their
ratification be empowered to provide by law
that, hereafter 110 Slate shall make it a crims
for a man, whether lie be black or white, a cit-
izen of the Republic, to learn the alphabet of
his native tongue and his rights ami duties.
ill'. Speaker. I have endeavored iu the re-
marks w Inch I have made to the House to show
thai, the proposed amendment is a simple en-
deavor, by way of penalty, to enforce the exist-
ing grants anel guaiantee.s of the Constitution of
my country. I trust that I have succeeded in
making the House understand my own views,
at least, of this important question. I think
iliat no question more important than this has
yet come before the House, and that none more
important can come before the House for its
consideration, unless it be the great question
whether the Constitution shall be so amended
as to give to Congress the power by statute
law to enforce all its guarantees ! I pray gen-
tleman to consider long before they reject this
proviso. It, may not be the best that the wisest
head in this House can conceive of, but I ask
gentlemen to consider that the rule of states-
manship is to take the best attainable essential
good which is at our command. The reason
why I support the proposed amendment is that
1 believe it essential and attainable. 1 do not
dare to say that it could not be improved. _ I
do dare to say that it is in aid of the existing
grants and guarantees of the Constitution of my
