16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 22,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
to cease making contracts and purchases of
clothing and equipment; to stop the repair and
construction of military railroads; to return all
such railroads to their former owners, and to
soli or dispose of the rolling stock and other
material used thereon.
He reports sales of 128,840 horses and mules,
for which the jam of $7,500,000 was received.
Of 5,855 persons employed in the Cavalry
bureau, three fourths have been discharged.
Those still employed are engaged in receiving,
caring for, and selling the animals turned in
by the armies.
The purchase and manufacture of clothing,
which during the past fiscal year had caused an
expenditure of between eight and nine millions
per "month, has ceased entirely, and, by com-
promise with merchants, contracts for clothing
and equipment, amounting to $4,000,000, have
been canceled.
Twenty-five hundred buildings, vacated, have
been ordered for sale.
The sales of buildings, wagons, harness, tools,
iron, and other like material, have realized thus
far ยง1,000,000. _
Over 1,700 miles of military railroad, oper-
ated for the department by S3,700 workmen
and agents, at a monthly cost of $1,500,000,
have been restored to their former owners, and
the number of persons employed in completing
the accounts, in taking care of and disposing
of the railroad property not yet sold or trans-
ferred, has been reduced to less than five hun-
dred, the rest having been discharged.
The rolling mill at Chattanooga, its product,
and the scrap iron there collected, have been
sold; the mill for $175,000, the rolled iron for
$200,000, and the old iron for about $100,000.
Eighty-three engines and one thousand and
nine cars have been sold for $1,500,000. Over
two hundred locomotives and two thousand cars
have been sold at appraised values, on credit,
to the southern railroads.
Of five hundred and eighty-eight steamboats
and other boats employed on the western rivers,
all but eleven have been put out of commission.
The sales of many of those owned by the United
Slates have been effected. These sales are
not yet concluded; they will produce about
$1,100,000.
Of the transport fleet upon the ocean on the
1st of January last, four hundred and sixty
steamers and vessels of all kinds have been
discharged or laid .up for sale, and many of
them have already been sold. The fleet has
been reduced over one hundred thousand tons,
and vessels are daily arriving at homo ports
to be discharged or sold. The monthly ex-
penses of the transport fleet have been reduced
$1,814,100.
A million dollars has been received from the
sales of vessels belonging to the department,
which will be increased by future sales.
J n all, 83,887 persons, employed on wages,
had been discharged from the service of the
quartermaster's department at the end of Sep-
tember, 18(55, reducing its expenses per month
$4,080,093.
The sales of property of all kinds reported
and recorded on the books of the Quartermas-
ter General's office, from the 20tli of April to
the 8th of November, 18G5, amount to $13,-
357,345.
The cost of forage issued to the armies dur-
ing Ihe month of March last is estimated at
$3,294,000. In the month of September it is
estimated at $1,134,000, a reduction in monthly
expenditure of $2,160,000. The armies on the
eastern coast have been supplied with forage
purchased before the end of May last. No
considerable purchases have been made in the
East since that time. Purchases of forage since
May have been confined to the supply of the
troops in Georgia and upon the Gulf coast in
Texas, and upon the western plains.
The consumption of coal in the month of
March last was 90,685 tons, costing $748,151.
In September it had been reduced to 25,592
tons, costing $204,736.
CHIEF ENGINEER.
The report of the Chief Engineer of the Army
gives the operations of the department under
his charge, and the duties of the officers of the
corps of Engineers. This corps consisted, on
June 30, 1865, of eighty-five officers, the Mil-
itary Academy, and five companies of engineer
troops. Every member of the corps has been
on duty uninterruptedly during the year. At
the date of the feport twelve officers, being gen-
erals in command of troops, were on detached
service, and others were on staff duty, or de-
tailed for service under the orders of the Light-
House Board and the Department of the Inte-
rior, the remainder being on duty at the Mil-
itary Academy, on sea-coast defenses, survey of
the lakes, with the Engineer battalion, and as
assistants to the Chief Engineer. The partic-
ular services rendered by these officers are
recited in the narratives and other statements
accompanying the report, and comprise the
professional duties of the engineer, together
with those of the various arms of the serviec to
which the officers have been assigned. In gen-
eral, every army and military expedition has
had assigned to it officers of this corps. Their
reports give the plans of attack and defense, as
well as the outlines of the marches by the ar-
mies to which they were attached, and' together
constitute a comprehensive statement of the
last year's operations of the armies.
The sea-coast defenses have progressed in
proportion'to the available means and the num-
ber of officers who could be assigned to this
branch of duty. The efforts of the engineer
department have been principally directed to
constructions for mounting the guns of large
caliber now essential in consequcnce of corre-
sponding armaments in iron floating batteries.
The permanent forts on the Gulf, since their
repossession by the Government, have been re-
paired and put in a defensive condition. The
available means of the department will suffice
to accomplish all that is required at these
works, and at those of the southern Atlantic
coast, until plans are matured for modifications
adapting them to the existing sea-coast arma-
ments.
The Military Academy has continued to fur-
nish a limited number of'graduates for the sub-
ordinate grades of the Army, a number, how-
over, which has not for years past sufficed to
fill the vacancies, in the lino and staff, occa-
sioned by the casualties of the service. The
Chief Engineer, in view of this fact, recom-
mends an increase of the number of cadets;
and, in order to economize in the expenses of
the institution, proposes a mode of selecting
candidates from nominees for each vacancy,
that will, he thinks, with more certainty insure
proficiency in studies and the military art by
those aspiring to enter the service.
The survey of the northern lakes has pro-
gressed during the year as heretofore. The
repairs and preservation of the harbors on the
lakes and on the Atlantic have been prosecuted
to the full extent of the resources of the de-
partment in officers and available funds. Suc-
cess in this branch of engineering is attended
with greater difficulties than are met in most
others in which science and skill are called
upon to promote the interests of the country.
Heretofore the plans of improvement adopted
have been directed to secure immediate results,
and the source of the evil having been left to
exercise its influence, has rendered constant
repetitions of labor and expenditures necessary.
The Chief Engineer is now calling upon the
officers charged with works of this character
for plans to arrest the cause of constant ob-
structions to commerce, and it is hoped that
measures may be devised by which these im-
provements may be made to endure for a longer
period, if not to become permanent in their
nature.
The expenditures of the engineer department
during the year amounted to $5,479,420 23.
ORDXANCE BUKEAU.
The fiscal resources of the Ordnance Bureau
for the past year amounted to $45,783,056 10,
and the expenditures to $43,112,531 27, leav-
ing a balance of $2,071,124 83 to the credit of
disbursing officers, in the Government deposi-
tories, on June 30, 1865.
The estimates for the next year are for objects
not confined to a state of war, but for such as
are required to keep np a proper state of prep-
aration, and to preserve the large and valuable
munitions of war now on hand. On the ter-
mination of the war, measures were promptly
taken to reduce the procurement of supplies,
and to provide storage for the munitions re-
turned to the arsenals from the armies, and
captured from the enemy. Commodious fire-
proof workshops are being erected at Allegheny,
Watervliet, and Frankford arsenals, and it is
contemplated to erect similar shops at Wash-
ington arsenal, for which there is an appropria-
tion. These shops can be advantageously used
for storage when their entire capacity for man-
ufacturing purposes is not needed.
Prom the evident importance of arming the
permanent fortifications as fast as they are built,
the construction of cannon and carriages for
this purpose, so far as existing appropriations
warrant, has not been intermitted. It is con-
templated to increase the capacity of manufac-
turing sea-coast carriages in proportion to the
readiness of the forts to receive them, and to
discontinue the fabrication of wooden carriages
for field and siege guns, in favor of iron car-
riages, which experiments have shown are pref-
erable for that service. Cast-iron smooth-bore
cannon, of large caliber, as now made, are found
to be entirely reliable; but not so the heavy
rifled cannon, as heretofore made and tried.
The failures, on trial, of the wrought-iron guns
made by Mr. Horatio Ames, indicate that these
guns cannot be relied upon, and that no more
of them ought to be made for this department.
Two experimental cast-iron eight-inch rifle gutis
have been made of the model and weight sup-
posed to render them reliable for service. They
are now undergoing extreme proof to test
them thoroughly.
The manufacture of arms at the national
armory was reduced at the conclusion of hostil-
ities as rapidly as could be done with economy,
and at present no new muskets are being made
there. With a view to change the model of
small-arms from muzzle-loaders to breech-load-
ers, extensive experiments have been made;
but they have not yet resulted in the selection
of a model of such decided excellence as to
render its adoption for the service advisable.
It is hoped that such a model may soon be
found. A plan for altering the musket of the
present pattern into efficient breech-loaders has
been devised, and five thousand of them are
being so altered for issue to troops for practi-
cal test. There are nearly one million of good
Springfield muskets on hand, and upward of
half a million of foreign and captured muskets.
The latter will be sold whenever suitable prices
can be obtained for them, and also other ord-
nance stores of a perishable nature, which are
in excess of the wants of the service.
The necessity of providing a suitable deposi-
tory for gunpowder, with proper magazines for
its storage and preservation, which was stated
in the last annual report, is again mentioned,
and the requisite legislation is urged.
A partial provision for this object, as far as
respects a supply for the Mississippi valley, has
been made on the military reserve at Jefferson
Barracks.
The Government has not yet acquired a title
to the property on Kock Island, taken posses-
sion of under the act of July 19, 1864. It is
important that this be done with as little delay
as practicable. The importance of having full
possession and control of Rock Island, includ
ing the adjacent islands, and the right of way,
is stated in the report of the Chief of Ordnance,
and additional legislation therefor, if necessary,
is recommended.
Several of the southern arsenals have been
reoccupied, and it is intended to reoceupy
