3416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
rence, which I trust it will obtain, equalizing
the bounties of all soldiers who have actually
rendered service to the Government. That
bill proposes that every soldier, sailor, or ma-
rine who has actually performed such service,
sh^ll receive bounty at the rate of eight and
one third dollars per month for the time they
ifere actually employed during the period em-
braced between the commencement and the
cessation of hostilities, covering a period of
four years. That bill, if it shall pass, will
embrace these Iowa troops; it will also take
in the hundred days' men, and it will also take
in as well those who were employed under
peculiar circumstances, agreeing with the au-
thorities and for themselves that they would
not demand bounty, as those to whom bounty
has been secured by existing law.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr.WILSON, of Iowa. I merely wish to
have justice done the members of this Iowa
regiment. _ The gentleman says the members
of this regiment agreed that they would not ask
for bounties. Now, a part of this regiment, a
considerable portion of it, was raised in my
district; and I know that the uniform repre-
sentation which was made by those who were
recruiting was that the men would receive boun-
ties. That was the impression and belief of
the men when they enlisted in this regiment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no desire to go at
any length into the correspondence in relation
to this subject. I will, however, read a clause
in the first communication made upon this sub-
ject. The decision made on the 5th of Feb-
ruary, 1866, communicated from the War De-
partment, after stating that this regiment was
recruited for light or garrison duty only, and
that the regiment thus authorized for a special
service and in accordance with the regulations
of the Department, was not to receive bounty
allowance, the Adjutant General goes on to
state:
."This was fully understood by the State authori-
ties of Iowa, and was made known to tho men enlist-
ing in the organization, under telegram dated Octo-
ber 10, 1So2, a copy of which was furnished the United
States mustering officer at Davenport, as follows."
And then follows a copy of the telegram,
stating that the men were to be mustered in on
that condition, which telegram the mustering
officer held at the time the men wore mustered in.
Now, whether there has been any deception
practiced or not I have nothing to say. We
have only this authority from the War Depart-
ment. What I was going on to say was that
no injustice was intended to bo done to these
men. And unless the men of this regiment
prefer the $100 bounty to what they wotjld
receive from the operation of the equalization
bounty bill, it seems to me it would be just as
well to leave them where we left the hundred
days' men, amounting to some sixty-odd thou-
sand in number of the eighty-five thousand
who were enlisted, and others who entered
the servicefor short periods of time, and who
have thus far received no bounty, but depend
upon the_ general equalization bounty bill to
get bounties for the time they served.
Now, under that general bill, if this "grey-
beard" regiment served for two years, they
will receive $200 instead of the §100 the bill
under consideration wouid give them. Those
who were honorably mustered out of the ser-
vice at any earlier period, after serving two,
five, ten, or more months, will receive bounty
at the rate of eight and one third dollars for
each month of their service. They will thus
all be provided for under the general bounty
bill. It was the consideration, in the first place,
that they fell within the category of great num-
bers for whom no bounties are provided by
law, and the most of whom have not come for-
ward, as these men have, to claim bounty, in-
eluding all the hundred days' men; and in the
second place, the consideration that though
they do not claim it and could not receive it
under any existing law, they would all get it
pro Tata, under the equalization scheme; it was
these considerations that induced the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report as they
did in this case.
Now, I do not wish to be considered as op-
posing any sense of justice of the House which
may induce them to vote this bounty to this
"greybeard" regiment. I only desire to put
the House in possession of the facts which led
the committee to come to the conclusion they
did; and also to put them in possession of the
general fact, or rather to remind them of it,
that if the equalization bounty bill shall be-
come a law, they will all get bounty.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to inquire if the
members of this regiment, to whom it is pro-
posed to give this bounty, will be embraced
within the provisions of the equalizing bounty
bill which has gone to the Senate. If so, then
what reason is there for passing this special
bill providing for this Iowa regiment, when
they will come in under that general bill?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer that question
by saying, in the first place, that the bill equal-
izing bounties has not yet passed the Senate.
Mr. SPALDING. It will pass.
Mr. ALLISON. In the next place, these men
were mustered into the service of the United
States for three years or during the war; and
they performed faithful service for two years and
five months under the order of the War Depart-
ment without reference to the terms of tho order
mustering them into service. And they are en-
titled to the same bounty that has been paid to
other faithful soldiers of the Republic.
Mr. SPALDING. Has this bill passed the
Senate ?
Mr. ALLISON. It has not.
Mr. SPALDING. Thenthatargumentfails.
Mr. ALLISON. If the general bounty bill
fails there is no reason why these men, who
have served in the Army for two years and
five months, should not have the same bounty
that has been paid to the soldiers. That is the
reason why we propose the passage of this bill
now. As my colleague [Mr. Wilson] has
stated, we have already granted bounty to the
colored soldiers of the Republic, and to every
soldier who has served in the Army more than
two years, except this thirty-seventh regiment
of Towa volunteers. Now, I ask upon what
ground can we make an exception against these
men, when, although mustered into service for
garrison duty only, they were subject to the
orders of the War Department, and were act-
ually required to go into the field, and did serve
in the field, filling the places of those who had
been ordered East for the purpose of reenfor-
cing the army of General Grant. It seems to
me that there can be no objection to paying
these bounties to these men. And now I will
call the previous question upon this bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope this bill will be
postponed until the first Monday of Decem-
ber next, and then, if the general bill is not
passed, we can pass this bill.
Mr. ALLISON. This bill can do no harm.
Two years ago the bill passed the Senate of
the United States to pay bounty to these sol-
diers, and it only failed to become the law be-
cause the Secretary of War said he could under
existing law pay these soldiers the same bounty
as other soldiers who had been mustered into
tho service for the same period of time. I
demand the previous question on tho motion
to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the vote by which the bill was laid
upon the table was reconsidered.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Tho previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
• The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING demanded they eas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
fifteen.
Mr. SPALDING demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Spalding
and Allisox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-four; more than one fifth
of those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 8Q, nays 31, not vot-
ing 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Banks, Barker, Beaman, Benjamin. Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blow, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Cobb, Coffroth, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Iteming,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eliot, J'arquhar, Grinnell, Hale, Hayes. Henderson,
Higby, Holmes, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Ingersoll, Julian, lvasson, Kelley,
Kelso, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan.-Longyear, Marvin, MeClurg, Mc-
Keo, McRuer, Mereur, Miller, Mo or head, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson,
Per bam, Price, William II. Randall, Alexander H.
Bice, John H. Bice, Sawyer, Stevens, Stilwell, Thayer,
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
William B. Washburn, Wclkcr, Whaley, James P.
Wilson, and Woodbridge—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Dawson,
Denisoi;, Dumont, Eldridge, Finsk, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Le Blond, Mar-
shall, Marston, Niblack, Nicholson, Radford, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Hitter, Rollins, Ross, Schenck, Sco-
field, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, and Winfield—ol.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Blaine, Bran-
degee, Bundy, Chanlcr, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Conkling, Cook, Culver, Darling, Defrces,
Delano, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Griswold, Abner
C. Harding, Harris, Hart, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James R. Hubbell, llulburd, Humphrey, Jenckes,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr. Iietcham, Laflin, Latham,
Lynch, McCullough, Mclndoe, Newell, Nocll, Ortli,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Raymond, Rogers,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Strouse, Taber, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, AVarner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, Wentworth, Williams. Stephen I.
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—71.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALT LAKE AND COLUMBIA RIVER RAILROAD.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road be discharged from the further consider-
ation of Senate bill No. 330, granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Salt Lake City to the Colum-
bia river, and that the same be referred to tho
Committee on Public Lands.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
insane asylum.
Mr. ANCONA, by unattimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, presented a
bill to extend to certain persons the privilege
of admission, in certain cases, to the United
States Government Asylum for the Insane;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that civilians
employed in the United States "quartermaster
and subsistence departments who may have
become or may hearafter become insane in such
employment, shall be admitted the same as
persons belonging to the Army and Navy to
the benefits of the asylum for the insane in the
District of Columbia. The following classes
are to be admitted to the asylum under the
order of the Secretary of War : 1. Men who
while in the service of the United States Army
and Navy have been admitted into the said
asylum, and have been thereafter discharged
therefrom on the supposition that they had
recovered their reason, and have within three
years become again insane and have no ade-
quate means of support. 2. Indigent insane
