1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
I do not look upon, this enormous increase,
however, as positive proof of redundancy.
Nothing but the experiment will solve the
problem, how much currency any given people
require. So much depends upon the habits
of the people, whether trading or otherwise,
whether inclining to mutual con fidence or other-
wise, whether ingenious in substitutes for cur-
rency or otherwise, that all estimates and all
calculations are at fault. As a rule a sparse
population requires less currency than a dense
one of the same numbers. It is true the lat-
ter is more ingenious in contriving modes of
dealing without currency, and therefore is en-
abled to make the same number and amount
of exchanges with less currency, yet contiguity
so largely increases the number and amount
of exchanges as to counterbalance this many
times over.
Strong as these inferences are of a redun-
dancy of the currency, the problem is not left
to rest solely upon them. There is one fact
that has the merit of affording positive proof
of that proposition. The currency is not worth
its nominal value when measured by the stand-
ard of the commercial world, and therefore
the supply is in excess of the demand. Gold
being used for the same purpose by all nations,
flowing freely like water from places of acci-
dental superabundance to fill places of acci-
dental displacement, keeps a more uniform
actual value than any other commodity. It is
therefore the best measure of value, and where
ever it is driven out of use, it is because the
people have found something cheaper, some-
thing that will measure their commodities to
better advantage, just as the three-foot yard-
stick would give place to one two feet and a
half long if the venders of fabric were left to
their choice.
It is argued in certain quarters that there is
no superabundance of currency because there
is at certain times and in certain places an
actuarsearcity of it, not enough to answer the
purposes of the community. Now, the alleged
fact may be admitted, but the inference at-
tempted to be drawn from it is by no means a
logical one. When it is said that a currency
is redundant, it is not meant that there is too
much of it at the price at which it passes. That
would be impossible. It is the quantity com-
pared with the demand for it that fixes that
price. If the quantity was less, the price would
bo higher ; if the quantity was greater, the price
would be lower, always supposing the demand
to remain constant.
What is meant by a redundant currency is
that there is too much of it to pass at its nomi-
nal value. In our case there is too much to
pass at a higher rate than about seventy ccnts
to the dollar, but just enough to pass at that
rate.
When a currency has once had its proper
value assigned to it under the operation of the
laws of supply and demand, a temporary or
local scarcity may occur just as readily when
that price is ten ccnts to the dollar as when it
is a hundred. Nobody pretends that there is
too much currency for the wants of the com-
munity. The proposition is that there is too
much of it to pass at par, and that therefore
the price has gone down until.it has reached
a point at which there is no longer too much
for the purposes of the community.
It is this depreciation, with the long train of
evil consequences arising out of it, that is pro*
posed to be remedied. No one ought to doubt
the necessity of legislation; but what shall that
legislation be? It is proposed by some to de-
base the coin, to cut the dollar down to about
seventy ccnts, and thus to jump at once to
specie payments. This is an old remedy, and
a sure one. It is cutting the Gordian knot with
a vengeance. But it may be greatly questioned
whether the remedy is not worse than the dis-
ease, like amputating the log to cure corns.
Are we ready to repudiate thirty cents to the
dollar of the public debt? Why not., then, re-
pudiate the whole of it? Tf we are to incur the
scorn and condemnation of the civilized world,
let us not do it for the mere "thirty pieces."
If we must come out with loss of character, let
us at least come out clear of debt. It may be
said that repudiating our debt is no worse than
breaking our faith so often pledged to the loyaf1-
men of the South. This may be true; but both
would be worse than either alone; and if we
must desert our allies and sacrifice our friends,
let us at least be as good as common gamblers,
pecuniarily honest.
Will it be said that this proposed debasement
of the coin shall not affect the public debt, but
only transactions between individuals? I will
never consent that the widow's dower and the
orphan's portion shall be cut down one third,
while the public creditor shall be paid in full
in gold, even though his bond cost him in gold
but forty cents to the dollar. I will never con-
sent that the national banks shall receive full
payment from the Government, and yet shall
pay their own depositors but seventy cents to
the dollar. But the day for debasing the coin
has gone by some centuries, and Americans
are jealous enough of their national honor to
prevent the practice being revived in our coun-
try.
It is proposed by some that the currency
should remain at its present volume, and that
the country should be suffered to grow up to it.
This would require about thirty-four years, if
we suppose that the amount of currency per
capita needed before the war should become
and continue that required after the disturbing
causes arising out of the rebellion shall have
ceased to operate. But by increasing, the pop-
ulation will become more dense, and therefore,
as I have already said, will require more enr-
rencyper capita. Taking everything into con-
sideration, it maybe estimated with some prob-
able approach toward accuracy, that in 1RSI0
the population of the United States will need
the present amount of currency at the gold
standard, that is to say, $'.100,1)00,000.
At first view this remedy would seem to be
an easy one. But it must be borne in mind that
during all these long years wc -will bo laboring
under all the effects of a gradual contraction
ofthe currency. The healthy performance ofall
the functions of society, of all the operations of
business, requires that the volume of currency
should increase with the increase of population;
and there is no difference in effect between a
constant currency with an increasing popula-
tion, and a decreasing currency with a constant
population. All the evils of a return to specie
payment will have to be borne whether the cur-
rency shall be reduced to suit the community,
or the community grow up to suit the currency.
The difference is that in the latter case the evils
will be extended over a greater period of time.
Some men might prefer that the process of
tooth-drawing should be protracted throughout
the entire day that the pain may be less intense
at any given moment.
Let. no man delude himself with the belief
that the road toward spccie payments is an easy
one. Upon that road every one who under-
takes to pay money will have to pay in effect |
more than ho bargained for. Every one who
buys property will find it depreciating in price
upon his hands. The manufacturer will often
sell his goods for less than the raw material
cost him, and the poor laborer will find his
wages cut down to the point at which the most
fortunate of his class can barely live. But the
road must be traveled. The evils must be borne.
We may protract them throughout a greater
period of time, and thereby soften the intensity,
but we cannot escape them.
I know it is said that we have been travel-
ing upon this road for a considerable time, and
have actually progressed from the point at which
gold commanded a premium of one hundred
and eighty-five per cent, to that at which it com-
mands only thirty. It is argued that as we have
gone this distance without serious inconven-
ience, the rest ofthe way may be looked upon
as a very small matter.
This is plausible, but unfortunately it is ex-
ceedingly unsound. Gold is not the sole and
absolute measure of value,. It is only the best
one. Like all other commodities,-it is subject
to fluctuations wholly independent of the value
of the instrument by which it is measured. It
never was 285 by reason of the depreciation
of the currency alone, and it is very doubtfal
whether the low price at which, it sella now is
not the result of mere oscillation. Let us ex-
amine this. Every commodity is subject to
fluctuation in value on account of an over or
under supply. Now, if we could combine the
measured value of a sufficient number of com-
modities to balance these fluctuations, and ex-
terminate the errors arising from them, we
oonld thereby obtain a measure of value more
certain than gold itself, a measure by which
the fluctuations in value of even gold might be
tested.
In order to approximate to this measure of
value and apply it, I have taken twenty com-
modities in most common use, embracing those
least likely to be affected by the extraordinary
demands of war—wheat, flour, corn, oats, beef,
pork, mackerel, tea, coffee, sugar, molasses,
raisins, cheese, salt, tallow, wool, hops, soap,
iron, leather, and coal. I have taken three
periods of time and combined and averaged the
prices of those commodities at each of them.
The firstperiod extends from 185ti to 1860, when
gold was at par; the second is July 1,1864; and
the third, February 15, I860. From the first
period to the second the prices of those com-
modities had risen one hundred and two per
cent., while gold had risen one hundred and
eighty-five. From the second period to the
third these prices had fallen to fifty-seven per
cent., while gold had fallen to thirty-nine. The
inference is strong, though not irresistible, that
gold at 285 was higher than the volume of the
currency would warrant, and that it is now
lower.
If it should be asked why gold rose in price
so much more than other commodities, the an-
swer is easy. There was an extraordinary de-
mand at that time from two classes of people,
one those who desired to get their property
out of the country by reason of their doubts
about the stability of our institutions, and the
other the merchantsw-ho desired to be ready to
pay future duties and who feared that the con-
test between Congress and the gold gamblers,
which was then lively, would soon render it
impossible to obtain the commodity at any price.
Of course the gamblers operated upon both these
doubts, and thereby inflated the price still higher
than it would otherwise have been. This view
is strengthened by the fact that one month pre-
viously the premium on gold was only cignty-
nine, and in three months subsequently it had
again fallen to the same figures, while the vol-
ume of currency and the prices of other com-
modities remained about the. same during that
period of four months.
From this criterion alone we would infer that
we liad traveled upon the road toward specie
payment from one hundred and two to fifty-
seven. But it will not do to assume even this.
All the commodities from which I have deduced
the measure of value had risen in price at the
second of these periods by reason ofthe extraor-
dinary demand arising from the war to a point
above what they would have stood at but for the
war : and that demand having ceased, all those
commodities fell in price to a point below what
they would have stood at but for the war. Now,
how much of the difference between the second
and third periods is owing to this? I think all
of it. In other words, I think if no other cause
operated upon the price of gold than the re-
dundancy of the currency, it would be quite as
high now as ever it has been.
1 believe we have not yet even started upon
the road toward specie payments. More than
this, 1 believe we are, not yet at the height of
the inflation unless speedy measures are taken
to reduce the volume of currency, and there-
fore it is that I am unwilling to adopt the policy
of keeping up the present volume of the cur-
rency and suffering the community to grow up
to it. If there is yet time to avoid some of the
