1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania insisted on the point of order being
reduced to writing, which was very unusual.
Mr. COWAN. The words on which you
fiiade your point of order.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to say that on that
point I think the Senator from Pennsylvania
was wrong. When a Senator is called to order
for words spoken in debate, because they are
opprobrious or improper, then they are to be
reduced to writing, but not in a case of this
kind. I think the point of order had better be
withdrawn, and let the debate go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to the withdrawal
of the point of order, because I want to have
this question settled.
Mr. CLARK. It settles nothing.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to have it settled for
hereafter. Several times during this session
when a Senator has been debating a question
here and arguing it as he chose to argue it,
somebody has got up and raised a point of
order that he was out of order. I have never
seen it done until this winter, and I want to
lave a stop put to it.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Iowa will
allow me to suggest to him that taking this
question now will decide nothing with regard
to it. I have never known it done before, and
I presume it will not be done again, if this
.point of order is withdrawn, any more than if
\te were to vote upon it. I think if, by gen-
eral consent, the point of order is withdrawn,
and the debate is allowed to go on, Senators
will keep themselves within the ordinary rule
of parliamentary law. They must, in a great
measure, be allowed to judge for themselves
what is proper.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to a debate that is historic, per-
haps the greatest debate that ever occurred in
this Chamber, known as that between Mr. Web-
ster and Mr. Hayne. Senators will remember
that that, occurred on a simple resolution relat-
ing to the disposition of the public lands. On
the consideration of that resolution, the whole
question of the relations between the North and
South was opened ; also the question between
the rights of the States and tie General Gov-
ernment, and the original formation of the
national Constitution, all of which were most
thoroughly discussed by Mr. Webster in at least
two separate speeches. I am not aware that
on that occasion any one undertook to call Mr.
Webster to order by saying that he must con-
fine himself to the consideration of the public
lands. I take it, that debate may be consid-
ered as having practically settled in this Cham-
ber that a discussion may be made a departure,
if I may so express myself, from the original
topic ; but that departure must always be veg-
ulated by the good sense and the discretion of
the Senators who take part in it.
Mr. CONNESS. With the permission of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I desire to say one
word. I understood the Senator from New
Hampshire to say that a question of order aris-
ing out of the latitude debate had taken and
the inappropriateness of the debate to the sub-
ject had never been raised in the Senate before.
1 think the Senator was in error in that state-
" ment. I have several times since I have been
here heard such questions of order made.
Mr. CLARK. Questions of order have been
raised upon particular motions, such as a m-
tion to commit or a motion to take up a subject,
•where the debate is always limited; but upon
a general debate like this I never knew a ques-
tion made.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish simply to say, in
conclusion, without intruding on the time of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, that I had no
intention certainly to raise the question for" the
first time, but supposed I was following the
ordinary path that was pursued here, as the
debate had taken a very wide course. I drew
upon myself remarks, somewhat personal, from
the Senator from Massachusetts, and which I
think had better not have been made by him,
-as they were not strictly correct. I did not
intend any offense to the Senator. I supposed
I was doing that which I had a right to do, and
which could not be regarded as offensive by
any Senator.
Mr. COWAN. I have but a single word to
say. I suppose that the debate was out of
order, according to the rules of this body. I
think the whole of it was logically out of order.
That is logically out of order which considers
persons instead of questions. The question
here is as to the authority of the President and
the propriety of the exercise of certain powers
on his part. The range of the debate is wide
enough to include all Presidents and all power
and all Governments, and all that kind of thing.
I think the divergence was on the part of the
Senators from Wisconsin. I think any debate,
unless it be in executive session, in which the
person of anybody is introduced or the mo-
tives of anybody as a person is introduced is
out of order; and it is out of order for the plain,
palpable reason that it destroys all order and
becomes disorder, and does not conduco in any
way to the ends of truth.
My friend from Massachusetts is entirely
mistaken in the instances which he gives. He
states that a soldier was removed in the city'
of Philadelphia to make way for an enemy of
the party. I need not say to the Senate, be-
cause it will learn that in due time, that this is
utterly, totally, and entirely untrue, not that I
mean to say that the Senator from Massachu-
setts knows that it is so ; but the real truth of
the matter is, that the person appointed is as
radical, according to his record, and more rad-
ical than the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, with all his radicalism, dare bo : and
he comes here indorsed, I think, with all the
radicalism that lias ever prevailed in the coun-
try, all of which will 8e disclosed in proper
time by my friend from Oregon, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] to whom the ease is committed.
Now. with regard to the other appointment,
the gentleman who was marshal of western
Pennsylvania was a gentleman of my profes-
sion, a friend of mine; and 1 may say for him
that he is as honorable, as upright, and as
good a man as there is in the country. He has
held that office for three or four years without
the slightest stain upon his reputation or his
credit in any way. The gentleman who has
been appointed to take his place, instead of
being a civilian, is a soldier, has been a soldier
through the war; and what I rose especially
for was to caution my friend from Massachu-
setts about the too liberal use of the vocabu-
lary of the English language which is used to
designate crime. He said to the Senate here,
in open session, that this man bad committed
acts which, but for the interference of friends,
would have sent him to t!ro_ penitentiary. I
think the honorable Senator is a just man at
least he talks largely of justice here. I think
he is a charitable man. 1 think, when he man-
ifests such extraordinary affection for an alien
race and for an oppressed people, he would
not hurt his brother.
But, sir, it is the fashion of the times; these
words come so glibly upon the tongue, and
they arc held to be of so little import here,
that a reputation is stabbed as though it were
as vile trash as that which fills a purse. Let
the honorable Senator reflect for one moment
upon the gross injustice of such a charge as
this, made here openly, in broad day, to the
American people ; and let him reflect that he
makes it of a soldier—a soldier, I can tell him,
who, after this disgrace of his, rode the raid
with Sheridan, and fought the battles in the
valley. In my country, whether this charge
be true or be nottrue—I know nothing ot it—
no man would dare to charge that appointee to
his face with a crime that would render him
infamous. No man, whether he believes it or
not, would charge that until it was properly
investigated upon a presentment by a grand
jury and a verdict of the fellow-citizens of the
guilty man. I put it to Senators whether this
is the place where a man's reputation may b .
torn to tatters; where his wife may be made
to weep for shame among the other weeping
and doleful trains of which the Senator has
told us; and whether he wishes to make him-
self the conduit, the mouth-piece, by which tso.
convey insult and infamy to this man's chil-
dren when the grave closes over both him and'
the Senator from Massachusetts. Sir; thecal#
was that prosecution should be free, but that
defamation never should be free. Let him:
who charges a crime upon his fellow-man gd<
to the law. If it is a crime at all it is a crime
against the law; and when charges are to I)©
made of this infamous character let the law be
appealed to, let the prosecution be free, but let
the defamation be limited, not only by the law,
but by the restraints which every gentleman
and every man of honor feels ought to regulate
him in his intercourse with his fellow-man.
Mr. President, as I said at the outstart—and
I trnst it is not more out of order than a great
many things which have occurred in this debate
—the honorable Senator belongs to one wing
of the Republican party; I belongto the other.
I have no uncharitableness for iiim and the
people who believe with him. I may believe
that their doctrines are erroneous, that their
projects for the future are mischievous and
will result in evil, but I have no crimes to
charge upon them. The suro harbinger of
the downfall of any party which resorts to that
means to bolster itself up is to be found in the
means itself. The man who stands firmly and
strongly upon a good cause and upon the jus-
tice of it never turns aside from the question
to argue the personal character of his oppo-
nent, for one of the best reasons in the world:
the personal character of the opponent has
nothing to do with it. The logic ot a bad man
is not necessarily bad logic because it comes
from his mouth; nor is the logic of a good man
necessarily good logic because it proceeds from
the mouth of a pure man. It is only weak
people who resort to those indices; and when-
ever you find a man resorting to them it is a,
suro 'evidence that he is not competent to de-
cide upon the true. But has it come to this in
the Senate of the United States, that we are to
leave questions for personal motives and for a
personal consideration of the characters of
those who choose to advocate this or that doc-
trine?
Mr. President, I simply rose to say this much.
I had not intended to say a word as long asthe
debate was confined to its legitimate limited
range, becausc I supposed everybody had made
up his mind on that point, and 1 did not attempt
to influence anybody; but when the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] got up
and undertook to dive into the secret machinery
by which the President of the United States
was guilty of ingratitude to him and his set,
and when the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts undertook to state boldly that the party
was betrayed by the President, and when par-
ticular instances were given, it was utterly im-
possible to sit still and allow those things to go
to the country without attempting to send along
with them an'antidote, howeverfeeble it may be.
I have only to say further, that one day we
shall wake up from this delusion by finding that
if we undertake to govern an empire of the size
of this, including so many States as this does,
so many varieties of men, so many interests
clashing with one another, we shall have to be
much more charitable to one another, and we
shall have to be much more tolerant of diver-
gent opinions, and to yield ours, when it be-
comes necessary, for the common security and
the common peace. As was well said by my
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittms,] what
the nation wants now is pcaee. not war. What
it wants now is repose, and not factious and
turbulent, activity. What it wants is a restora-
tion of law and order, obedience to the Consti-
tution and to the recognized authorities of the
land; that crimination and recrimination shall
cease; the past be forgiven •, that by-gones be
by-gones; and that if there is to be retribution,
if the hand of retribution has not fallen upon
the nation heavily enough now, ^orth and
South, when there is hardly a fami.y through-
out the length and breadth of the land tlfat is
