434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
committee without instructions, notwithstand-
ing my colleague [Mr. Sxkvexs] thinks the
committee has not been enlightened by what
has been said, that some plan may be hit upon
■which would secure two thirds of both Houses
of Congress and three fourths of the Legisla-
tures of the States.
I yield a part of my lime to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise not so
much for the purpose of making au argument
on the question before the House as to address
myself to the House in respect to the spirit with
which any proposition of this nature should be
received on tins floor. This Government was
formed in the spirit "of concession. Conflicting
interests and conflicting opinions were com-
pared and harmonized. The interests of dif-
ferent sections were considered, so far as they
might be accommodated to each other, in order
that this Government might lire to extend mid
perpetuate the liberty of our citizens.
I believe that the spirit which actuated those
who framed this Government should guide us
to-day in our deliberations. , That a great evil
exists every one upon this floor must concede,
for inequality of representation is injustice. 1
propose for myself, however, to ask nothing as
a northern man which as a southern man I
would not be willing to consent to for the sake
of the Union. I believe there are objections
to every proposition which has been presented.
I do not know any proposition can be framed
which will be free from objections; but, in view
of the great object wc desire to accomplish, I
submit whether the members 011 all sides ought
not to be willing to sacrifice something of per-
sonal opinion or local prejudice. I am willing
to vote for that which will accomplish the most
wo can do in the deliberate judgment of this
House, although it may not accomplish all that
others and myself may desire to do.
We desire to restore the Union and to have
an equality of representation. I want that the
spirit of the Constitution may be preserved. 1
think the argument made by the gentleman from
Ohio yesterday is conclusive that, we ought by
our legislation to hold out inducements to the
people of the South to extend tin: elective fran-
chise ; but in accordance with the opinions I
had the honor to express a lew days ago in this
House, I believe it would be wrong to compel
the southern States to extend suffrage to men
whoareunqualifiedforitsu.se. 1 only ask gen-
tlemen on all sides to so look at this great na-
tional question as to remember that we are not
only legislating for to-day, but for the future,
and to be careful not to admit anything into
the Constitution unworthy of the' American
people. 1 hope that, by some provision wo may
remedy the great evil complained of. 1 hope
that some plan maybe devised which will not
only commend itself to Representatives here,
but to the entire people of the country, who
must pass 011 all that wo may do.
M r. WAI .J). Mr. Speaker, 1 do not suppose
there is a Union man upon this floor bm desires
that some amendment to the Cons titut ion should
be secured that shall avoid in future the patent
injustice and glaring defect which now exists
in the basis of representation in the southern
States.
The fact that, one South Carolinian, whose
hands are red with the blood of fallen patriots,
and whose skirts are recking with the odors of
Columbia and Andersonville, will have a voice
as potential in these Halls as two and a half
Vermont soldiers who have come back from
the grandest battle-fields in history maimed and
scarred in tlie contest with South Carolina trai-
tors in their efforts to destroy this Government,
cries aloud for remedy; and it depends upon
Congress to inaugurate this remedy. And the
country expects and demands from the large
union majority here some united action, and
not to fritter away our strength in useless divis-
ions and accomplish nothing.
We must be guided here by a spirit of com-
promise and harmony. No amendment can be
presented entirely free from objection, and that
may not bear unequally in some respects ; but
in the spirit of our fathers who framed the im-
mortal instrument we are seeking to change,
let us who have a common object at heart
strive faithfully to agree, each section willing,
if necessary, to yield a little for the general
good.
I am free to say that to my mind there are
serious objections to the amendment reported
by the committee. Still, if nothing better can
be agreed upon, I will support it upon the
principle that it is better than no amendment
at all. Numerous amendments have been pro-
posed, many of which I deem so extraordinary
as to be entirely out of the question. There
are, however, a class of amendments that pro-
pose to base representation upon male suf-
frage simply. Let us examine for a moment
the effect of this.
Those who vole will of course in all cases be
the direct agents in selecting the representative";
but what becomes of that large class of non-
voting tax-payers that are found in every sec-
tion? Are they in 110 manner to be represented?
They certainly should be enumerated in mak-
ing up the whole number of those entitled to a
representative. If that is not done, then indeed
we have reversed the progress of nearly a cen-
tury, and the doctrine that our fathers fought
against and overthrew in the revolutionary
struggle is at last asserted in this country and
made a part of the fundamental law of the land,
namely, "taxation without representation."
The amendment reported by the committee
adopts the right, principle, and is good enough
as far as it goes; but it can readily be seen that
if the poor whites of the South or the blacks
are excluded for any other ostensible reason
than of '"race or color,'' or if no reason is
given for the exclusion in the law excluding
them, the same difficulty exists as now, and
the object sought to be obtained is defeated.
Do you suppose that these "whitewashed"
traitors, with thoinfernal ingenuity which main-
tained the great, rebellion against the grandest
army and the most mighty power 011 earth for
four long years, will not invent some scheme,
if the amendment as it now stands prevails, to
keep a downtrodden people whom they bate
away from power and all means of elevation,
and yet, true to their old habit of appropriating
the use of these people without compensation,
use their numbers as a basis of representation
with which to get themselves into Congress?
They will readily publish some ground of ex-
elusion from sullrage other than of "race or
color." They may require them to read and
write, and yet keep alive the black code against
disseminat ing know ledge a uiong them. Indeed,
they may requii e them to havt a collegiate edu-
cation. or something else equally absurd. Per-
haps the fact of their undoubted loyalty to the
Government will be aground of exclusion.
It is no answer to say that the same ground
of exclusion must, be applied to whites as well
as blacks. This does not uecessaiily follow.
Suppose if, were so. what consideration have
the Mini hern oligarchy ever shown lor the " poor
while trash?" With their contempt for labor,
their known desire for a lauded aristocracy and
a pri\ileged class, how ready would they be to
exclude the masses by some property or other
qualifications from power, to the end that they
might grasp it all.
How, then, you ask, shall this be remedied ?
1 answer, by simply also excluding from the
basis of representation all those who are de-
prived of suffrage by reason of a property or
| Lax qualification, or any other qualification not
' heretofore recognized as a qualification of suf-
frage in the State Yvdiere tlie qualification is ap-
plied : so that no subterfuge could be adopted
to defeat the purposes of the amendment, and
so that a State would have the choice simply,
as wc desire it should, of enfranchising its peo-
ple or not having them counted in the basis of
representation; and thus the lax-payer of the
State is not deprived by the Federal Consti-
tution of representation absolutely, as in the
other plan 1 have referred to ; but the excepted^
classes are made dependent upon State action*
alone, the State having the power at any time
to remove the disability that the Constitution
imposes.
My amendment consists in adding to the joint
resolution proposed by the committee these
words:
And provided further, That all persons who are de-
prived of the elective franehisein any State byieason
of a tax or property qualification, or byieason of any
other qualification.whieh (other qualification) was not
in force on the 1st day of January, 18Gt5, in the State
where the same is applied, shall be excluded from the
basis of representation.
So that the joint resolution shall read as fol-
lows :
Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective
numbers, counting the whole number of persons in
each State, excluding Indians not taxed: Provided,
That whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State on account of race or color,
all persons of such race or color shall bo excluded
from the basis of representation : And provided fur-
ther, That all persons who are depiived of the elect-
ive franchise in any Stato by reason of a tax or
property qualification, orbyreason of any other qual-
ification which (other qua htication) was not in force on
the 1st day of January, 18Gli, m the Stare where the
same is applied, shall be excluded from the basis of
representation.
I ask the earnest consideration by the House
of the amendment. It seems to me to meet
all the difficulties that surround us, and I hope
it will prevail.
It has been suggested that perhaps the loyal
States will not. pass the amendment. In my
judgment the loyal States will pass any article
that we shall propose to them for their adop-
tion, and make it the fundamental law of the
land. As for the disloyal States, those that
stood in a hostile attitude against this Govern-
ment and have exerted all their power for its
destruction during the last four years, I have
only to say that the}' have only the right which
the criminal has who pleads before the judge
for merey. They will pass this amendment as
they did the former.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor, but yielded to
Mr. EClvLEY. who moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I ask the gentleman to
withdrawthat motion and allow mo ten minutes.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I yielded
only to a motion to adjourn, so that I can go on
in the morning. I have no objection to the gen-
tleman from Delaware [Mr. Nicholson] speak-
ing now, provided it does not come out of my
time, and I may go on to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. HakdixgJ wishes to yield to the
gentleman from Delaware. [Mr. Nicholson,]
and to take his hour to-morrow. Is there ob-
jection''
Mr. STEVENS. I do not care when the
gentleman from Kentucky takes Ins hour, hut. I
hope the House will not adjourn yet. I would
like to get, through this debate in the course of
the season, and unless we use our time we shall
not get through this winter.
Tlie SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Delaware occupy the floor to-night?
Mr. NICHOLSON. I wish to do so.
The SPEAKER. If there is 110 objection,
the gentleman from Delaware will proceed, with
that understanding.
Mr. NICHOLSON. T think I can safely say
that I shall vote, not only against, this amend-
ment, but against any and all amendments to
the Constitution that, may be proposed at this
time. The temper and disposition of the ma-
jority of this House is not such as should char-
acterize statesmen seeking to alter and fix for
future ages the organic law of the land; and if
they should finally triumph in the mad schemes
in which they arc engaged, they will succeed
in converting that heretofore sacred instrument,,
reverenced and obeyed till the present dnmi-
i nant party came into power, from a bond of
union to a galling yoke of oppression—a thing
to be loathed and despised.
The object sought by this amendment is to
coerce the, several States, and especially the
southern States, into conferring upon the negro
race the right of suffrage. It will not have that
effect in the State I have the honor to represent,
