1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3419
sented on the subject, arid therefore I do not
see why tills bill has been brought here.
Mr. O'NEILL. I presume this originated
from some of the western States.
Mr. ELIOT. It was introduced by the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. McRuer. ]
Mr. O'NEILL. The object the gentleman
who introduced this bill sought to accomplish
I presume to be this: that, pilots on the Atlan-
tic coast shall not charge large fees for piloting
vessels into our eastern ports coming from
California, and that the pilots there shall bo
bound to take our vessels at the same charge
as for piloting a vessel from one port to ail-
other in California. This law seeks to correct
State laws in cases where discrimination is
made against vessels coming from other States.
Mr. HANDALL, of Pennsylvania. T think
I have at last got at the reason which induces
this legislation. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia who introduced this bill desires a rem-
edy for evils in California, it is not necessary
that we should pass a general law reaching
river and ocean pilots, who are not liable to
the charges made against pilots in California.
These constant changes in our laws in relation
to commerce are not desirable. In Pennsyl-
vania we have in a great measure conformed
to the requirements in this particular, and there
are no discriminations, ffe do not want any
change, so far as 1 know, and 1 would like, if
jiossible, to have the Delaware river excepted
from the action of this bill. We do not desire
any further legislation on this subject.
Mr. McRUER. I supposed this bill was
so simple in its provisions and so just that it
would not require any discussion or explana-
tion. Then? are upon our statute-book only
two laws of the United States affecting the
question of piloting. One is the law of 17!i8,
I think, which says that each State may estab-
lish her own pilot laws, not in contlict with any
act of Congress. The only other act is that,
which allows vessels to enter the ports of New
York or New Jersey as they like. Therefore
there is nothing on the statute-book preventing
any State from passing a pilot law discriminat-
ing against the vessels of any other State.
Now, sir, under the present act Pennsylva-
nia can pass a law that will give the whole car-
rying trade to vessels owned in Pennsylvania.
I seek to provide that no State shall discrimi-
nate, against the vessels of any other State, but
if they choose to exempt vessels of fifty or
one hundred tons the exemption shall operate
against vessels of all the States. Now, I know
that States have discriminated in their laws
against the vessels of other States. It was so
on the Pacific, and I dare say it may be so or
has been so on the Atlantic. This biil does not
seek to regulate the rights of pilotage. It only
provides that they shall be equal as regards
vessels coming from any of the States.
Mr. ELIOT. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question oidered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HARRIS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIIANOK Off XAMES OF VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported adversely on Senate joint res-
olution No. 52, authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the name of the steam-
boat City of Ilichmond to City of Portland,
and the schooner Lucinda Van Valkcnbnrg
to Camden; and the same was laid on the
table.
Mr. PIKE. My colleague not being in, T
wish to enter a motion to reconsider the vote
just taken.
ISSUE OF AMERICAN RECtlSTHRS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on Senate joint resolution
No. 101, authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue American registers to the
barks Marget and Golden Fleece; and-the
same was laid on the table.
PAY OF INSPECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury concerning the pay of inspectors
of customs; and the same was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
DISMAL SWAMP CANAL.
Mr. EGGLESTON, from the Committeemen
Commerce, reported a joint resolution in refer-
ence to the Dismal Swamp Canal Company ;
which was read a lirst and second time.
The joint resolution was read in full, as fol-
lows :
AVhercas tlic United States arc interested ii\ the
Pisinal Swamp canal, <onneotins ttie waters of tho
Chesapeake with the pounds of North Carolina, by
holding ci?ht hundred shares of the stock of tho Dis-
mal Swamp Canal Company; and whereas the canal
should be kept, open as a navigable highway without
further outlay on tho part of tho United States:
Therefore,
lie it rcsolccilbit the Somtc and. ITouieof Reprcxcnta-
tiwx. That the Secretary of tho Treasury bo, and
hereby is, authorized to sell said stock, at auction or
otherwise, in such manner ni will best protect tho
interestofthe United States in said eanal, and will
insure that the same will be kept open ns a naviga-
ble highway without tin thcr expense to the Govern-
ment: Pramded. That the instruments and papcii
effecting such sate in the manner aforesaid shall be
approved by the Attorney Ueneral before the deliv-
eiy theieof.
The joint, resolution was ordered to he en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the tliiid
time and passed.
Mr. EGGLESTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint, resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I'liKVEXTIO.N OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with amendments, Sen-
ate bill No. further to prevent smuggling,
and for other purposes.
The amendments reported by the committee
were of a verbal character, except the follow-
ing proposed as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the, provisions of
this act shall not bo deemed to affect any action, or
proceedinK. or indictment pending at tho time this
act shall take effect, but the same shall bo tried anil
disposed of and judgment or decree exccutcd a.s if
this act had not been passed.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. LE BLONI). Has this Senate bill ever
had any consideration in this House until to-
day ?
The SPEAKER. If was taken from the
table and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and the committee has reported it back
with amendments.
Mr. LE BLOND. It, is a very largo bill,
and I think it ought to go to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. ELIOT. The effect would he to kill it.
I have a letter here from the Secretary of the
Treasury, sent to the committee within a week,
expressing a strong desire that the legislation
on this subject should be completed. It is a
pretty important biil. and ought to be passed ;
it, has already been delayed too long.
Mr. LE BLOND. For that iea.-.on I think
it ought to have moic consideiution. If to have
it considered will defeat it, then it ought to be
defeated. That is the strongest reason in the
world why if, should have some consideration.
I presume there are none outside of the com-
mittee who have had an opportunity under the
press of business to give this bill the consider-
ation which its merits demand. I certainly
think that a hill of this magnitude, involving
so many interests, ought not to pass without
more consideration than has been given to it.
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to the remarks which
have been made by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lb Bloxd] I would say that probably
there has been no bill presented to the House
during the session upon which more careful
labor has been bestowed than upon the one
now reported from the committee. The subject
was carefully examined in the Committee on
Commerce on the part of the House even be-
fore the bill had passed the other branch of
Congress. It was considered then because it
was known to be importantthat the bill should
be put upon its passage or be brought before
the House for its consideration at as early a
moment as practicable.
After the bill had passed the Senate it was, /
upon my motion, I believe, directed by the
House to be printed, and it has been upon the
files of members ever since. Since that time
it has been under examination in the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and I believe there is no pro-
vision in it about which I am not prepared to give
information to the gentleman from Ohio or any
other member upon the floor of the House who
may desire it. It is a bill of some length, and
unquestionably of a great, deal of importance.
It, has been found very difficult on our frontier
during the last two years to prevent the system
of smuggling which has been going on and in- '
creasing day by day. The custom-houses are
defrauded and the Government is cheated.
The officers of the Government, wide awake ,
as they may have been, have found themselves
wholly unable to check the smuggling which
has been continued there, so that, it has been
found imperatively necessary to have an exam-
ination of the laws on the statute-book con-
cerning smuggling, and to embody in the law
provisions which, as it is believed, will success-
fully enable the officers uf the Government to
administer the laws and collect the revenue.
Now, sir, if this bill should go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, it is perfectly well under-
stood that it would go to its grave. Tho gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lu Bi.ovd] probably
does not intend any such fate for it as that.
If there is any provision in the bill that does
not, inert his approval, I am prepared either
to defend it, or to abandon it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I can say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] that I
by no means wish to defeat this measure. But
I know it is a very difficult matter to regulate
these things upon tho frontier in the West.
Some things may be treated as smuggling and
punished criminally by this law that should not
bo so treated and punished. 1 know it is a very
easy matter to regulate these things with for-
eign Governments. But when it comes to our
frontier there are a great many things there
that might be treated criminally under this
bill which I think should not be so treated,
and which, if so treated, would ciipple the inter-
chance of commerce between the Canadas and
the Uniied States. And it is only with refer-
ence to that matter that I particularly desire the
further consideration of this bill.
I cannot call the attention of the gentleman
from Massachusetts to any particular feature
in the bill now that to my mind would be ob-
jectionable, from the fact that, I have not yet
given it that consideration that the subject
really demands. I think but few members
have done so, or have found themselves able
to do so, in the present, condition ol the busi-
ness before the House. But if the bill was
allowed to he considered in Committee of the
Whole, or in the House as in Committee of
the Whole, and the bill was read section by
section, the attention of members who repre-
sent different localities would bo called to the
different provisions of the bill, and there might
be some important and proper amendments
made. That is my only object in asking fur-
ther time for the consideration of this bill.
TAX BILL.
Mr. WENTWOIiTH. I ask unanimous eon-
sent of the House that the Senate amendments
to the internal revenue bill be taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
