1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
cussion of the bill he has raised an issue aside
from the question. He has undertaken to an-
tagonize the policy of the Secretary of the
Treasury with the business interests of the
country, and has told us that we are putting
in the hands of the Secretary a power which
may be used against the industry and honest
labor of the eounti-y.
We propose, sir, to put power into his hands
to be used against the gamblers of the country
who would break down the public credit, and
thus injure the most important interests of the
country. I would be the last man to cast a vote
that could oppress the manufacturer or any
other producer of wealth, and I believe that the
honorable Secretary fisks for power, not to op-
press, but to encourage industry. But I ask
gentlemen whether they have considered where
he will be left in case we do not give him the
power he now asks. Why does he ask it? The
President of theUnited States declared a finan-
cial policy which hasbeen more fully elaborated
by the Secretary, and we are now asked to give
him power to carry out that policy, but gentle-
men hesitate because it may bring a temporary
pressure upon the business of the country.
The gentleman has .stated the amount of cur-
rency that might be withdrawn under the pro-
visions of this bill, and says if the whole were
withdrawn it would cause a disastrous col-
lapse. He has forgotten that there are nearly
$300,000,000 of gold and silver in this country
which will flow into the circulation as the green-
back currency is retired.
He has also forgotten that wo arc now pro-
ducing over 8100,000,000 in gold and silver
every year from our mines. He has omitted
these very considerable sums, which change en-
tirely the conditions of the problem before us.
Mr. STEVENS. From what data does
the gentleman undertake to say that there is
$300,000,000 in gold nowin this country ready
for circulation ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I base my estimate on
the opinion of those who have given the subject
caieful attention, and also from the condition
of our foreign exchanges. The gentleman is
aware that exchange for gold with all nations
is now in our favor, and that cannot be unless
we have a very considerable quantity of gold
in the country.
Mr. STEVENS. I have seen no record of
over S70,000,000.
Mr. GARFIELD. There are §55,000.000
in the Treasury now, besides what is deposited
in banks and in private coffers. Beside this, it
must bo remembered that gold is now the cur-
rency of the Pacific States. But the fact that
foreign exchange is in our favor is an indu-
bitable proof that we have a largo supply of
specie.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit
a single brief question? Is not the inflowing
volume of gold a return for bonds rather than
for produce of any kind, raw or manufactured ?
Mr. GARFIELD. That does not alter the
fact. By whatever means it comes, we have
the gold, and the supply is increasing and will
increase so long as we pursue the policy of
resumption.
And now, once for all, I desire to say before
leaving this subject, that neither the Secretary
of the Treasury, nor the Committee of Ways and
Means intend or desire that there shall be a
rapid contraction of the currency; there is no
purpose of that kind. Already in anticipation
of the measure now under discussion, gold is
falling even more rapidly than is desirable. I
am sorry to see it move downward so fast as it
does. And the Secretary of the Treasury, if
he could, would make its decline more gradual.
Mr. Speaker, the question is, will you give
the Secretary of the Treasury the power to in-
itiate the policy of contraction of the currency,
as the House indicated so decisively on the 18th
of December last? What other policy has been
suggested? A policy has been suggested by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Km,ley]
in a bill he introduced this morning. That bill
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to take
tip short bonds as they mature and issue green-
backs in payment. If it should be adopted,
$1,000,000,000 of greenbacks would be'issued
in the next eighteen months.
I have upon my desk a pamphlet written by
a citizen of Pennsylvania signing himself '' Pa-
triot," who recommends the immediate issue
of $1,000,000,OOOofgreenbacks, and believes it
would put the country in a healthy condition for
business! This enthusiastic pamphleteer rises
to the sublime, if not to the blasphemous, and
declares as the sum of his financial wisdom that
next to the immortal God, paper money is the
greatest and most beneficent power on this
earth. This "Patriot" will be delighted with
the bill of his distinguished Representative 
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot be interrupted
at present. This very morning the gentleman's
proposition was introduced to show us a better
way to meet our difficulties, by flooding the
country with a new deluge of paper money, and
thus plunge business and industry deeper and
deeper into uncertainty and dishonesty.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GARFIELD. I decline to yield. Mr.
Speaker, there is no leading financier, no lead-
ing statesman now living, or one who has lived
within the last half century, in whose opinion
the gentleman can find any support. They
all declare, as the Secretary of the Treasury
declares, that the only honest basis of value is a
currency redeemable in specie at the will of
the holder. I am an advocate of paper money,
but that paper money must represent what it
professes on its face. I do not wish to hold in
my hands the printed lies of the Government:
I want its promise to pay, signed by the high
officers of the Government, sacredly kept in the
exact meaning of the words of the promise.
Let us not continue this conjurer's art by
which sixty cents shall discharge a debt of one
hundred cents. I do not want industry every-
where to be thus crippled and wounded and
its wounds plastered over with legally author-
ized lies.
A bill was introduced into the House express-
ing the wishes of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Committee of Ways and Means reduced
its proportions, struck out several provisions
that they believed could safely be spared. They
struck out the foreign loan clause and restricted
the power conferred by it till the Secretary de-
clares that with any less power ho will be una-
ble to fund our indebtedness and manage our
finances.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understand the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to say
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
taken out of the bill the foreign loan clause.
I do not so understand it; I think that clause
is still in the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, by an ex-
press vote of the House, on motion of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That was only a
proviso in relation to the time, mode, and place
of payment.
Mr. GARFIELD. The power to negotiate
a loan to bo paid abroad and paid in foreign
coin or foreign currency was stricken out; and
the bill now stands just as all our bills on this
subject have stood for the last two years.
I propose, sir, to let the House take the re-
sponsibility of adopting or rejecting this meas-
ure. On the one side it is proposed to return
to solid and honest values; on the other, to
float in the boundless and shoreless sea of paper
money, with all its dishonesty and broken
pledges. We leave it to the House to decide
which alternative it will choose. Choose the
one, and you float away into an unknown sea
of paper money that shall know no decrease
until you take just such a measure as is now
proposed to bring us back again to solid values.
Delay the measure, and it will cost the country
dear. Adopt it now, and with a little depres-
sion in business and a little stringency-in'the
money market, the worst will be ov.er, and we
shall have reached the solid earth. Sooner or
later such a measure must bo adopted. Go on
as you are now going on, and a financial crisis
worse than that of 1837 will bring us to the
bottom. I for one am unwilling that my name
shall be linked to the fate of a paper currency.
I believe that any party which commits itself to
paper money will go down amid the general
disaster, covered with the curses of a ruined
people.
Mr. Speaker, I remember that on the monu-
ijient of Queen Elizabeth, where her glories
were recited and her honors summed up, among
the last and the highest, recorded as the climax
of her honors, was this—that she had had re-
stored the money of her kingdom to its just
value. And when this House shall have done
its work, when it shall have brought back values
to their proper standard, it will deserve a mon-
ument.
Mr. Speaker, I call the previous question.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to ask my
colleague on the committee a question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield for a question only*
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask of my col-
league, who has charge now at least of the mo-
tion to reconsider, whether, if that prevails, he
will allow a motion to be made to recommit this
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, or
whether he will demand the previous question
and insist upon a vote on the bill as it now
stands.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee of Ways
and Means have taken action on this bill, have
reported it, have expressed their opinions upon
it, and I do not see that that committee can do
anything that would so advance the interests of
the country as to pass this bill. I therefore de-
sire that the sense of the House shall be taken,
that the bill shall meet its fate, and I decline
to entertain the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. If the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill be reconsidered and the demand
for the previous question be not sustained, will
a motion to recommit be in order ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider
should prevail, the question will recur on the
passage of the bill. If then the previous ques-
tion should be demanded and sustained, the
House will have to vote on the passage of the
bill. If the previous question should not be
sustained, amotion to recommit could be made.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if the previous
question should not be sustained, I will, if able
to get the floor, move that the bill be recom-
mitted.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire toaskthe gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] one question.
If the vote on the passage of the bill be rccon
sidered, will the gentleman allow a motion to
be made to recommit the bill with instructions
to the committee to adopt the bill introduced
this morning by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] so as to test the sense
of the House upon that bill?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have examined that
bill, and it conlains one clause whichIbelieve
(and I think that most of the members of the
committee concur with me in the opinion) will
render it almost valueless, because it ties the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury. I
cannot allow the motion to be made.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether I understood him correctly when
I understood him to say that I had introduced
a bill for redeeming the bonds of the country
in greenbacks.
Mr. GARFIELD. As I understood the bill
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
that was the purport of it. I went to his seat
to get a copy of it and failed. 1 was told by
several gentlemen that such was the character
of the bill.
Mr. KELLEY. I have only to say 1 have
never introduced such a bill.
The SPEAKER stated that the previous
question would exhaust itself on the motion to
reconsider.
