1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2459
frade of vice admiral in the United States
Javy.
The bill was read in part, when
Mr, ROSS demanded the regular order of
business.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I hope the
gentleman will allow this to pass.
Mr. BOSS. We have had flummery enough
of that kind.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. The short time allowed by
our resolution will suffice to introduce this
debate. If unexpectedly there should be any
objection to the proposed amendment to the
Constitution I may ask the indulgence of the
House to reply.
The committee are not ignorant of the fact
that there has been sonieimpatience at the delay
in making this report; that it existed to some
extent in the country as well as among a few
members of the House. It originated in the
suggestions of faction, no doubt, but naturally
spread until it infected some good men. This
is not to be wondered at or complained of.
Yery few could be informed of the necessity
for such delay. Beside, we are not all endowed
with patience ; some men are naturally restive,
especially if they have active minds and deep
convictions.
But I beg gentlemen to consider the magni-
tude of the task which was imposed upon the
committee. They were expected to suggest
a plan for rebuilding a shattered nation—a
nation which though not dissevered was yet
shaken and riven by the gigantic and persist-
ent efforts of six million able and ardent men;
of bitter rebels striving through four years of
bloody war. It cannot be denied that this
terrible struggle sprang from the vicious prin-
ciples incorporated into the institutions of our
country. Our fathers had been compelled to
postpone the principles of their great Declara-
tion, and wait for their full establishment till
a more propitious time. That time ought to
be present now. But the public mind has been
educated in error for a century. How difficult
in a day to unlearn it. In rebuilding, it is
necessary to clear away the rotten and defect-
ive portions of the old foundations, and to sink
deep and found the repaired edifice upon the
firm foundation of eternal justice. If, per-
chance, the accumulated quicksands render it
impossible to reach in every part so firm a
basis, then it becomes our duty to drive deep
and solid the substituted piles on which to
build. It would not be wise to prevent the
raising of the structure because some corner
of it might be founded upon materials subject
to the inevitable laws of mortal decay. It
wei'e better to shelter the household and trust
to the advancing progress of a higher morality
and a purer and more intelligent principle to
underpin the defective corner.
I would not for a moment inculcate the idea
of surrendering a principle vital to justice. But
if full justice could not be obtained at once I
would not refuse to do what is possible. The
commander of an army who should find his
enemy intrenched on impregnable heights would
act unwisely if he insisted on marchinghis troops
full in the face of a destructive fire merely to
show bis courage. Would it not be better to
flank the works and march round and round
and besiege, and thus secure the surrender of
the enemy, though it might cost time? The
former course would show valor and folly; the
latter moral and physical courage, as well as
prudence and wisdom.
This proposition is not all that the commit-
tee desired. It falls far short of my wishes,
but it fulfills my hopes. I believe it is all that
can be obtained in the present state of public
opinion. Not only Congress but the several
States are to be consulted. Upon a careful
survey of the whole ground, we did not believe
that nineteen of the loyal States could be in-
duced to ratify any proposition more stringent
than this. I say nineteen, for I utterly repudi-
ate and scorn the idea that any State notacting
in the Union is to be counted on the question
of ratification. It is absurd to suppose that
any more than three fourths of the States that
propose the amendment are required to make
it valid; that States not here &re to be counted
as present. Believing, then, that this is the
best proposition that can be made effectual. I
accept it. I shall not be driven by clamor or
denunciation to throw away a great good be-
cause it is not perfect. I will take all I can get
in the cause of humanity and leave it to be per-
fected by better men in better times. It may
be that that time will not come while I am here
to enjoy the glorious triumph ; but that it will
come is as certain as that there is a just God.
The House should remember the great labor
which the committee had to perform. They
were charged to inquire into the condition of
eleven States of great extent of territory. They
sought, often in vain, to procure their organic .
laws and statutes. Tliey took the evidence of
every class and condition of witness, from the
rebel vice president and the commander-in-
chief of their armies down to the humblest freed-
man. The sub-committees who were charged
withthatduty—of whom Iwasnotone, andean
therefore speak freely—exhibited a degree of
patience and diligence which was never ex-
celled. Considering their other duties, the mass
of evidence taken may well be considered ex-
traordinary. It mustberemembered, also, that
three months since, and more, the committee
reported and the House adopted a proposed
amendment fixing the basis of representation
in such way as would surely have secured the
enfranchisement of every citizen at no distant
period. That, together with the amendment
repudiating the rebel debt, which we also
passed, would have gone far to curb the rebel-
lious spirit of secession, and to have given to
the oppressed race their rights. It went to
the other end of the Capitol, and was there
mortally wounded in the house of its friends.
After having received the careful examina-
tion and approbation of the committee, and
having received the united Republican vote of
one hundred and twenty Representatives of the
people, it was denounced as "utterly repre-
hensible," and "unpardonable;" "to be en-
countered as a public enemy;" "positively
endangering the peace of the country, and
covering its name with dishonor." "A wick-
edness on a larger scale than the crime against
Kansas or the fugitive slave law ; gross, foul,
outrageous; an incredible injustice against the
whole African race with every other vulgar
epithet which polished cultivation cotild com-
mand. It was slaughtered by a puerile and
pedantic criticism, by a perversion of philo-
logical definition which, if when I taught
school a lad who had studied Lindley Murray
had assumed, I would have expelled him from
the institution as unfit to waste education upon.
But it is dead, and unless this (less efficient, I
admit) shall pass, its death has postponed the
protection of the colored race perhaps for ages.
I confess my mortification at its defeat. I
grieved especially because it almost closed the
door of hope for the amelioration of the condi-
tion of the freedmen. But men in pursuit of
justice must never despair. Let us again try
and see whether we cannot devise some way to
overcome the united forces of self-righteous
Republicans and unrighteous copperheads. It
will not do for those who for thirtj' years have
fought the beasts at Ephesus to be frightened
by the fangs of modern catamounts.
Let us now refer to the provisions of the
proposed amendment.
The first section prohibits the States from
abridging the privileges and immunities of cit-
izens of the United States, or unlawfully de-
priving them of life, liberty, or propertyor of
denying to any person within their jurisdiction
the "equal" protection of the laws.
I can hardly believe that any person can be
found who will not admit that every one of
these provisions is just. _ They are all asserted,
in some form or other, in our Declaration or
organic law. But the Constitution limits only
the action of Congress, and is not a limitation
on the States. This amendment supplies that-
defect, and allows Congress to correct the mi-
just legislation of the States,-so far that the law
which operates upon one man shall operate
equally upon all. Whatever law; punishes a
white man for a crime shall punish the black
man precisely in the same way and to the same
degree. Whatever law protects the white m&a
shall afford 1' equal'' protection to the black
man. Whatever means of redress is afforded
to one shall be afforded to all. Whatever law
allows the white man to testify in court shall
allow the man of color to do the same. These
are great advantages over their present codes.
Now different degrees of punishment are in-
flicted, not on account of the magnitude of the
crime, but according to the color of the skin.
Now color disqualifies a man from testifying in
courts, or being tried in the same way as white
men. I need not enumerate these partial and
oppressive laws. Unless the Constitution should
restrain them those States will all, 1 fear, keep
up this discrimination, and crush to death the
hated freedmen. Some answer, "Your civil
rights bill secures the same things." That is
partly true, but a lawisrepealable by a majority.
And I need hardly say that the first time that
the South with their copperhead allies obtain
the command of Congress it will be repealed.
The veto of the President and their votes on
the bill are conclusive evidence of that. And
yet I am amazed and alarmed at the impatience
of certain well-meaning Republicans at the
exclusion of the rebel States until the Consti-
tution shall be so amended as to restrain their
despotic desires. This amendment once adopted
cannot be annulled without two thirds of Con-
gress. That they will hardly get. And yet
certain of our distinguished friends propose to
admit State after State before this becomes a
part of the Constitution. What madness! Is
their judgment misled by their kindness; or
are they unconsciously drifting into the haven
of power at the other end of the avenue? I do
not suspect it, but others will.
The second section I consider the most im-
portant in the article. It fixes the basis of rep-
resentation in Congress. If any State shall
exclude any of her adult male citizens from the
elective franchise, or a'bridge that right, she
shall forfeit her right to representation in the
same proportion. The effect of this provision
will be either to compel the States to grant
universal suffrage or so to shear them of their
power as to keep them forever in a hopeless
minority in the national Government, both
legislative and executive. If they do not en-
franchise the freedmen, it would give to the
rebel States but thirty-seven Representatives.
Thus shorn of their power, they would soon
become restive. Southern pride would not
long brook a hopeless minority. True it will
take two, three, possibly five years before they
conquer their prejudices sufficiently to allow
their late slaves to become their equals at the
polls. That short delay would not be injurious.
In the mean time the freedmen would become
more enlightened, and more fit to discharge
the high duties of their new condition. In that
time, too, the loyal Congress could mature
their laws and so amend the Constitution as to
secure the rights of every human being, and
render disunion impossible. Heaven forbid
that the southern States, or any one of them,
should be represented on this floor until such
muniments of freedom are built high and firm.
Against our will they have been absent for four
bloody years; against our will they must not
come back until wo are ready to receive them-.
Do not tell me that there are loyal representa-
tives waiting for admission—until their States
are loyal they can have no standing here. They
would merely misrepresent their constituents.
I admit that this article is not as good as the
one we sent to death in the Senate. In my
judgment, we shall not approach the measure
of justice until we have given every adult freed-
man a homestead on the land where he was
born and toiled and suffered. Forty acres of
land and a hut would be more valuable to him
than the immediate right to vote. Unless we
give tliem this to shall receive the censure of
