3420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
TEhe SPEAKER. Under the rale, the morn-
ing hour cannot be interrupted by any other
•business.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Cannot unanimous
consent be given merely for the reference?
The SPEAKER. It is an interruption of
the morning hour to ask unanimous consent
for anything.
PREVENTION Olf SMUGGLING AGAIN.
Mr. ELIOT. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I desire to offer a couple
of amendments to this bill before the previous
question is called.
Mr. ELIOT. It was understood in commit-
tee that my friend and colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Humphrey] should have an op-
portunity to offer two amendments to this bill,
though I would say that the committee cannot
recommend the adoption of those amendments.
But, in pursuance of the arrangement made in
the committee, I will yield to allow the gentle-
man to propose his amendments.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to amend sec-
tion two of this hill, in line seven, by inserting
after the word '' district "the words '' where he
or they shall suspect there are goods, wares, or
merchandise thereon, subject to duty, or which
shall have been introduced into the United
States in any manner contrary to law."
I also move to amend section four by striking
out the words "and the burden of proof shall
be upon the claimant where probable cause is
shown for such prosecution, to be judged of by
the court before which the prosecution is held.''
Mr. ELIOT. I would ask the gentleman if
those are all the amendments he desires to
offer.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I desire to make some
explanation of those amendments.
Mr. ELIOT. Very well, I will withdraw the
call for the previous question for the present.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I desire the attention
of this House for a very few moments, and par-
ticularly of such members as are lawyers, to
the fourth section of this bill. One of the
amendments which I have offered proposes to
strike out the words " and the burden of proof
shall lie upon the claimant where probable
cause is shown for such prosecution, to be
judged of by the court before which the pros-
ecution is had." This bill, as it now stands,
proposes to incorporate into the criminal law,
as it shall be administered under this bill, a
principle entirely new, a principle which has
never boon adopted in the administration of
criminal law for the punishment of crimes in
this country in respect to any offense whatever.
This question was discussed in the Senate at
considerable length, and I think it is worthy
the consideration and discussion of the House
or of any other body where members are called
upon to settle a question of criminal law as
remarkable as this.
This section rfakes provision for the punish-
ment of crime, and having declared that tho
doing of certain acts shall be regarded as a
crime, it provides that " the burden of proof
shall lie upon the defendant where probable
cause is shown for such prosecution," This
language is taken from the law as it has ex-
isted and still exists in relation to civil pro-
ceedings for the purpose of obtaining property
which has been seized under the law and
which the Government seeks to forfeit. In
such a case, the claimant comes into court
and says, "This property is mine ;" heresorts
to legal proceedings to determine the question
of ownership. The law, as now settled, sim-
ply requires in a ease of that kind that the
Government shall give proof that there was
probable cause for the seizure, and it then
becomes incumbent upon the claimant to show
the facts which go to establish his right. In
the criminal law no such rule has ever pre-
vailed. It is the pride and boast of this na-
tion, as it has been for ages one of the glories
of the country from which we derive the great
principles of the common law, that, in the ad-
ministration of criminal justice, the presump-
tion in favor of the innocence of the defendant
commences when he is put on trial and contin-
ues down to the time when a verdict of guilty
is rendered. In all criminal trials the prose-
cution must establish beyond all reasonable
doubt the guilt of the accused; otherwise a
verdict of "not guilty" must be returned.
This just and beneficent principle of the com-
mon law it is proposed in this bill to abandon.
This Congress is asked to enact that, with ref-
erence to the cases covered by this bill, the
showing of probable cause by the prosecution
shall throw upon the defendant the burden of
proof.
Now, I desire to ask the attention of the
House to the definition of what constitutes
"probable cause," so that members may see
what is necessary to be proved for the purpose
of putting a prisoner in such a position that
he must be declared guilty by the court unless
he be able to produce affirmative proof of his
innocence. I read from Conkling's Treatise
on the Practice of the United States Courts:
" It may be added that the term 'probable cause,'
according to its usual acceptation, means less than
evidence which would justify condemnation, and in
all cases of eeizurehas a fixed and well-known mean-
in?. It imports seizure made under circumstances
which warrant suspicion. In this, its legal sense,
the court must understand the term to have been
used by Congress."
Now, the conviction of a man under some
of the provisions of this bill will send him to
prison for a term not less than one year, and
m the discretion of the court may be ten
years. Yet all that is necessary for his con-
viction is simply that the prosecution shall
prove "circumstances which warrant suspi-
cion" against the defendant, when, unless he
produces on his part satisfactory affirmative
proof of innocence, the court directs the jury
to render a verdict of " guilty."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit that among a
civilized and enlightened people, in a country
where tho criminal law is administered accord-
ing to those just and righteous principles which
should always control its administration, no
interest of commerce, no interest of the reve-
nue can warrant the adoption of so odious a
rule as that proposed to be enacted by this bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired; and the bill goes over until to-morrow
morning.
ABOLITION OF USURY LAWS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the Philadelphia Board
of Trade to tho Congress of the United States,
praying for the abolition of legal restrictions
upon the commerce in money; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Sl'HAKUll'S table.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
A. M. JESS.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (II. R. No.
145) entitled "An act granting land to A. M.
Jess, of Josephine county, Oregon."
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
First amendment:
On page 2, in lines two and three, strike out the
words "three hundred and twenty" and insert in
lieu thereof the words "one hundred and sixty."
Mr. THAYER. I move that the House
concur.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
^ On page 2, in line ten, strike out the words " revert
in" and insert the words "revert to."
Mr. THAYER. I move that the House
concur.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to the bill (II. R. N o.
179) entitled "An act amendatory of the
organic act of Washington Territory."
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the act of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Wash-
ington, approved January 14,1865, entitled " An act
in relation to -the county of Skamania, be, and tho
same is hereby, disapproved."
The amendment was concurred in.
TAX BILL.
The next business on the Speaker's tabic was
Seriate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 513)
to reduce internal taxation and to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay inter-
est on the public debt, and forother purposes,"
approved June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory
thereof.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I wouldmake
a motion to non-concur in all the amenditients
of the Senate, if I supposed that such a motion
would meet the approbation of the House. '
But not anticipating that that motion would
receive the approval of a majority of members
I move .that the amendments be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PIKE. I hope that the gentleman will
move to non-concur, and let the bill go at once
to a committee of conference.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that will not be
done. This is a very important bill.
Mr. PIKE. I know that it is an important
bill ; but that is a good way to dispose of the
question.
Mr. STEVENS. There are a good many
of these amendments that ought to be disposed
of in the House. They involve some very im-
portant questions.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe I will persist in
the motion I have made.
The motion was agreed to ; and the amend-
ments were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD, EASTERN DIVISION.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 317, to amend an act en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes,' approved July 1, 1862,"
approved July 2, 1864.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill provides, in the first section, that
the Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern
division, shall be authorized to designate the
general route of their road, and to file a map
thereof, as now required by law, at any tima
before the 1st day of December, 1866; and
upon the filing of the map, showing the gen-
eral route of the road, the lands along the
entire line thereof, so far as the same may be
designated, shall be reserved from sale by
order of the Secretary of the Interior. The
company, however, are to be entitled to only
the same amount of the bonds of the United
States to aid in the construction of their line
of railroad and telegraph as they would have
been entitled to if they had connected their
lino with the Union Pacific railroad on the one
hundredth degree of longitude, as now required
by law. ' It is provided also that the company
shall connect their line of railroad and tel-
egraph with the Union Pacific railroad, but
not at a point more than fifty miles westwardly
from the meridian of Denver, in Colorado.
The second section provides that the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, with the consent
and approval of the Secretary of tho Interior,
shall be authorized, to locate, construct, and
continue their road from Omaha, in Nebraska
