^6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
Senate & Ho. oe Eeps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
39th Cong. ... 1st SeSs.
were therefore directed to send North such pur-
chased vessels as needed extensive repairs, and
also any naval stores that ivere not required.
A careful scrutiny of requisitions was enjoined
before approval, and commanders of squadrons
were informed that they would be expected to
use every possible exertion and care to diminish
the expenses of their respective commands.
About the 1st of May orders were issued to
farther reduce the squadrons in our domestic
waters one half. Near the close of that month
a further diminution was directed, so that the
entire force retained in commission should not
exceed one hundred vessels. In the early part
of July another and still further reduction was
made, leaving but thirty steamers, which, with
receiving store-ships, composed the entire block-
ading squadrons on the Atlantic and the Gulf.
On the 31st of July the Potomac flotilla,
which, under Commander P. A. Parker, had
rendered active service, was disbanded.
The Mississippi squadron, comprising at one
time about one hundred steamers, was gradually
reduced, and on the 14th of August wholly dis-
continued. Acting Rear Admiral Lee was re-
lieved, and Commodore Livingston, who had
acquitted himself with energy at the Norfolk
station, and subsequently at Cairo, was intrusted
with the duty of disposing of the vessels and
closing up the affairs of that squadron.
The reduction of the blockading force in-
volved also a curtailment of the number of
squadrons. In June, therefore, the North and
South Atlantic squadrons were consolidated
into one, known thereafter as the Atlantic
squadron, commanded by acting Rear Admiral
Radford, who, on the 28th of April, had suc-
ceeded Rear Admiral Porter in command of
the North Atlantic squadron. Rear Admiral
Dahlgren was detached from the command of
the South Atlantic squadron, and hauled down
his flag at "Washington on the 12th day of July.
Acting Rear Admiral Radford, having been
appointed commandant of the W ashington navy-
yard, was succeeded by Commodore Joseph
Lanmanin the command of the Atlantic squad-
ron on the 10th of October.
The consolidation of the East Gulf squadron,
commanded by Acting Rear Admiral Stribling,
and the West G ulf squadron, under- Acting
Rear Admiral Thatcher, was also consummated,
and thereafter this force was known as the Gulf
squadron. Acting Rear Admiral Thatcher re-
mained in command, and Acting Rear Admiral
Stribling returned to Boston in July.
Besides the vessels composing the several
squadrons, others are in commission in various
capacities. The James Adger is stationed at
Aspinwall; the Michigan is assigned to the
northern lakes; the Sabine is employed as an
apprentice ship; the De Soto is in the West
Indies; the Massachusetts and South Carolina
are still continued as supply ships for the squad-
rons on the coast; the Constitution, Macedo-
nian, and several others are connected with the
Naval Academy; and twenty vessels are used
at the navy-yards as receiving ships and tend-
ers ; so that there are actually in commission
at this time, at home and abroad, one hundred
and seventeen vessels of all descriptions, which
number, should the exigencies of the service
permit, will be still further reduced.
In J anuary, while Rear Admiral Porter was
engaged before "Wilmington, affairs on James
river assumed such an attitude, involving the
welfare and security of the Army by a demon-
stration on the part of the rebels with their
armored rams from Richmond, that it was
deemed important to send thither immediately
an officer of ability and experience. Vice
Admiral Farragut, then in Washington, was
selected for this special duty, and on the 24th of
that month proceeded to James river for that
purpose. The threatening demonstration below
Richmond was not long maintained, and the
occasion having passed, vice Admiral Farragut
was relieved from this special service on the
2d of February.
A special squadron of vessels, consisting of
the Vanderbilt, Tusearora, Powhatan, and the
turreted iron-elad Monadnock, left Hampton
Roads on the2d of November, under the com-
mand of Commodore John Rodgers, destined
to reen force the squadron in the Pacific.
In withdrawing a large naval force from act-
ive service, in disposing of the vessels, in
discharging or detailing to other duties their
officers and crews, in making provision for a
large surplus of ordnance ammunition and
stores, great labor has of course devolved'upon
the Departm^at and its bureaus. Some idea
may be formed of the extent of that labor, from
the fact that there were in the several block-
ading squadrons in January last, exclusive of
other duty, 471 vessels and 2,455 guns. There
are now but 29 vessels remaining on the coast,
carrying 210 guns, inclusive of howitzers. Dis-
position has been made of all the others. Some
of the vessels are laid up in ordinary, some,
with their crews, are on foreign service, but
many have been sold, and, with most of the
men that were actively engaged in hostile op-
erations, are now employed in peaceful occu-
pation.
As soon as our domestic troubles were over-
come, the duty of attending to our interests
abroad prompted the reestablishing of the
foreign squadrons which had been suspended.
The European, the Brazil, and the East India
squadrons lia're been organized anew upon as
economical a scale as is consistent with their
efficiency, the interests of commerce, and a
proper regard for our position as a nation.
These squadrons, with another which is soon
to be put in operation in the West Indies, and
the Pacific squadron, which has never been
discontinued, are considered sufficient for the
encouragement and protection of our country-
men engaged in legitimate commercial pursuits,
and for upholding our flag abroad.
Some modifications of the limit of the respect-
ive squadrons, and the substitution of steam-
ers for sailing vessels, will infuse more vigor
into the service, and it is designed that there
shall hereafter be greater activity and vigilance
in their operations. The number of vessels
and crows on foreign service will not be greatly
increased over those of former years, while the
number ofguns will be less ; yet the superiority
of steam over sails for naval war vessels, and the
improvement and new patterns of ordnance, will
hereafter give our force abroad greatly aug-
mented efficicncy and power.
The European squadron is commanded by
Rear Admiral L. M. Goldsborough, and con-
sists of the following vessels: the Colorado,
Kearsarge,Ticonderoga,EYolie, Tno, and Guard,
to which the Canandaigua will shortly be added.
The field of operation of this squadron, besides
the coast of Europe and the Mediterranean, will
comprise Madeira, the Canaries, and the Afri-
can coast as far as St. Paul de Loando.
The Brazil squadron is commanded by Acting
Rear Admiral S. W. Godon, who has ten ves-
sels on that station, namely: the Susquehanna,
Brooklyn, Juniata, Shamokin, Nipsic, Shaw-
mut, Kansas, Wasp, Supply, and Onward.
Besides the eastern coast of South America,
this squadron will cruise on the coast of Africa
from (Jape Town to St. Paul de Loando.
The East India squadron consists at present
of four vessels : the Hartford, Wyoming, Wa-
chusett, and Relief. The Shenandoah will be
shortly added to this number. This squadron
is commanded by Acting Rear Admiral II. H.
Bell, who sailed from New York in his flag-ship,
the Hartford, in August, and has probably
already reached his station.
The Pacific squadron remains in command
of Acting Rear Admiral George F. Pearson,
and conipriscs eleven vessels, namely: the Lan-
caster, Powhatan, Saranac, Suwanee,Mohongo,
Wateree, Saginaw, St. Mary's, Cyane, Nyack,
and Tusearora, and two store-ships, the Fre-
donia and Farallones. Some vessels sent to
the Pacific (including two of the iron-eladsj
will be laid up in the harbor of San Francisco,
ready for any emergency that may arise.
The extensive limits of this squadron, em-
bracing 1 he whole western coast of N orth and
South America, with the islands of the Pacific;
the rapidly-increasing population of the States;
and the growing and expanding commerce, and
vast interests involved, render it advisable that
the naval force of the Union should be largely
reenforced in that quarter. Considerable addi-
tion to the number of vessels will therefore be
made, and it is proposed at an early day to
make'a division of the squadron.
But few vessels, and they on merely tem-
porary duty, have as yet been employed in the
West Indies. The Connecticut, the Kansas,
the De Soto, and nearly all the vessels which
have been sent to the coast of Brazil, have vis-
ited some of the more important points, partic-
ularly in the island of St. Domingo, and given
attention to American interests there. It is
proposed to revive the West India squadron to
cruise in those waters, where we have so large
a trade, and where, owing to the proximity of
the islands to our shores, it is essential that we
should cultivate friendly relations. Commo-
dore James S. Palmer has been designated to
command the squadron, having for his flag-ship
the Rhode Island. In addition to the De Soto,
now on that station, it is proposed to send
the Swatara, Monongahela, Florida, Augusta,
Shamrock, Ashuelot, and Monocaey, making
a squadron of nine vessels.
THE NAVAL FORCE.
When hostilities against the Government
were commenced in the spring of 1861, and
the ports on our southern coast were ordered
to be closed under the form of international
blockade, instead of the municipal form of an
embargo, the labor, embarrassments, and re-
sponsibilities suddenly and unexpectedly im-
posed upon this Department were immensely
increased.
To create and organize a navy such as the
order for the blockade required, would have
been at any time an immense undertaking, but
the task was vastly more onerous when the
country, after a long interval of peace, was
beginning to be rent by civil convulsions.
In this condition of affairs, with the Navy
reduced during fifty years of peace to a low
standard of efficiency, without experience or
precedent to guide the application of mod-
ern inventions to war purposes, with restricted,
and wholly insufficient navy-yards Cor the con-
struction and repair of vessels, and without
any adequate establishment for the stupendous
work before it, the Department was compelled
to feel its way and press on its work at the very
time when a duty was imposed upon it which
a nation fully prepared and furnished with
abundant ships and men and material would
have found difficulty in performing. But the
resources of the country were equal to the
emergency. With only limited means at the
command of the Department to begin with, the
Navy became suddenly an immense power.
An unr-elaxiug blockade was maintained for
four years from the capes of the Chesapeake
to the Rio Grande, while a flotilla of gunboats,
protecting and aiding the Army in its move-
ments, penetrated and patrolled our rivers,
through an internal navigation almost conti-
nental, from the Potomac to the Mississippi.
After the capture of Forts Ilatteras and Clark,
in August, 1SC1, port after- port was wrested
from the insurgents, until the flag of the Union
was again restored in every harbor and along
our entire coast, and the rebellion eventually
wholly suppressed.
Coincident with these operations afloat, the
Department had its attention also actively en-
gaged in developing the ingenuity, skill, and
resources of the country, in the construction of
new classes of vessels, in the introduction of
new descriptions of ordnance, torpedoes, and
p«ojectiles, in experiments in steam, and in the
improvement of steam machinery. Although
compelled to encounter opposition in all its
forms, the Department has been unremitting
