1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
39th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of the Navij.
Sex ate & Ho. of Reps.
in its efforts, and in almost every instance has
met with ,a generous response from Congress
and the country.'
Three hundred and twenty-two officers trai-
torously abandoned the service to which they
had dedicated their lives, proved false to the
flag which they had sworn to support, and to
the Government which had confided in their
honor and relied on their fidelity to sustain it
in conflict and peril. The embarrassment
caused by these desertions in the moment of
trial was temporary. Better men from the
merchant marine, educated, and vastly more
efficient, promptly volunteered their services,
in many instances at great pecuniary sacrifice,
to fight the battles of the Union. About seven
thousand five hundred of these gallant and
generous spirits have, after examination, re-
ceived appointments and been employed in the
Navy. Schools were established to instruct and
perfect them in the rudiments of gunnery and
nautical routine, and it is due to them to say
that they have acquitted themselves with credit
and served with zeal and fidelity. The inter-
course between these volunteer officers and the
officers of the regular Navy has been produc-
tive of mutual good-will and respect. It will,
I trust, lead to lasting personal friendships and
insure enduring intimacy between the com-
mercial and naval service. Most of the vol-
unteer officers have received an honorable dis-
charge and returned to their peaceful profes-
sional pursuits. I take this occasion to renew
my annual suggestion, that some of the most
distinguished of these heroic and loyal men, of
admitted capability and merit, who have served
the country so faithfully and so well, be added
to the Navy after an examination by a board of
officers appointed for that purpose. Such an
addition to the Navy, of brave and intelligent
representatives from the commercial marine,
will be a fitting and honorable recognition of
the services of a body of men who came gal-
lantly forward in a period of national peril to
sustain the cause of their country.
From 7,000 men in service at the com-
mencement of the rebellion, the number was
increased to 51,500 at its close. In addition to
these the aggregate of artisans and laborers
employed in the navy-yards was 16,880, instead
of 0,844 previously in the pay of the Govern-
ment. This is exclusive of those employed in
the private ship-yards and establishments, un-
der contracts, constituting an almost equal ag-
gregate number. Two hundred and eight ves-
sels have been commenced and most of them
fitted for service during this period. A few of
the larger ones will require still further time
for completion. Only steamers, the propellers
also having sailing power, have been built by
the Government during my administration of
the Department.
Since the 4th of March, 1801, 418 vessels
have been purchased, of which 313 were steam-
ers, at a cost of $18,366,081 83, and of these
there have been sold 340 vessels, for which the
Government has received $5,021,800 27.
THE CONDUCT OF THE BLOCKADE.
Tn order to guard the coast and enforce the
blockade, the Department was under the ne-
cessity of breaking up and ordering home our
foreign squadrons. This recall, rendered im-
perative by the necessities of the case, left our
extensive commerce on distant seas unpro-
tected. The great maritime Powers of Europe,
as soon as they were aware of our domestic dif-
ficulty, hastened to recognize the rebels as bel-
ligerents, and proclaimed themselves neutral
between the contending parties. The opera-
tions of this assumed neutrality were to deprive
our national ships of the privileges which they
had by national courtesy enjoyed, and while
thus restricting and inflicting injury on our Gov-
ernment, the professed and proclaimed neutral-
ity gave encouragement and strength to the
rebels who were in insurrection and waging war
upon the ITnion. Each of these European neu-
trals had treaties of amity, and was in friendly
official and commercial intercourse, with the
Government of the United States, while with the
rebels, who were without a recognized flag or
nationality, they had neither treaties nor official
relations." The United States had a navy which
commanded respect, and a commerce that cov-
ered every sea, while the rebels had neither
navy nor commerce to be affected by neutral
exclusions and restrictions. Consequently this
action of the neutral league operated, on the one
hand, to injure and embarrass a friendly Gov-
ernment that was cultivating and practicing
peaceful and friendly relations with every na-
tion ; and, on the other hand, to give counte-
nance and encouragement to rebels engaged in
a causeless insurrection to subvert the most
beneficent Government on earth.
Virtually excluded from the ports of the great
maritime Powers by this assumed neutrality, the
difficulty of maintaining even a limited naval
force abroad was greatly increased. The with-
drawal of our squadrons left our unprotected
commcrce exposed to the depredations of semi-
piratical cruisers, which were built, armed,
manned, and sent out to plunder and destroy
our merchantmen from the shores of neutral
Europe. To these aggravated wrongs we were
compelled, in the great emergency which ex-
isted, to submit, for under no circumstances
would the Department relax the blockade, or
permit its efficiency lo be impaired.
The suppression of the rebellion enables us
to reestablish squadrons abroad, and to display
again the flag of the Union in foreign ports.
Our men-of-war, released from the blockade,
will soon be found in every sea, prepared to
assert American rights and protect American
interests.
European neutrality, now that, the insurrec-
tion is suppressed, no longer denies to our na-
tional vessels those supplies and courtesies
which were refused in the days of our misfor-
tune. No rebel rover, built in neutral joorts,
remains to take alarm or feel apprehension on
the appearance of the armed vessels of the
Republic; and now that we have suppressed
the insurrection, we maybe permitted to receive
hospitality and international'comity from those
neutral nations which during four years excluded
ourpublic ships, while they persistently insisted
on elevating the rebels to be a distinct belliger-
ent Power.
We had, in 1860, five squadrons on foreign
stations, numbering thirty-one vessels, carrying
445 guns. At the present time wc have on
the several stations abroad thirty-six vessels,
mounting 347 guns, and carrying !>5 howitzers.
In time of peace ournaval force should bo act-
ively employed in visiting every commercial port
where American capital is employed, and there
are few available points on the globe which Amer-
ican enterprise has not penetrated and reached.
But commerce needs protection, and our squad-
rons and public vessels in commission must not
be inactive. One or more ol our naval vessels
ought annually to display the flag of theUnionin
every port where our ships may trade. The
commerce and the navy of a people have a com-
mon identity and are inseparable companions.
Each is necessary for the other, and both are
essential to national prosperity and strength.
Wherever our merchant ships may be employed,
there should be within convenient proximity a
naval force to protect them and make known
our national power. Such are the energy and
enterprise of our countrymen, that they will,
now that the war has closed, compete for the
trade and commerce of the world, provided the
Government performs its duty in fostering and
protecting their interests. Besides guarding the
channels hitherto occupied and explored, it
would be well that examinations be made for
new avenues of trade. In connection with this
subject, I would suggest the importance of a
more thorough survey and exploration of the
principal islands in the Pacific ocean, and that
the Department have authority to carry this
suggestion into effect.
Following the tracks of commerce, and vis-
iting every navigable portion of the globe, the
intelligent officers of the Navy are capable,
from their position and opportunities, of ac-
quiring and communicating a vast amount of
useful information, thereby benefiting com-
merce, and, by continual additions to the stores
of knowledge, promoting the welfare of the
country and of mankind.
There are circumstances which render it
necessary that a commercial and naval people
should have coaling stations and ports for sup-
plies at one or more important points on those
seas and oceans where there are important
interests to be protected, or naval power is to
be maintained. Steamers cannot 'carry the
same amount of supplies as the sailing vessels
of former days, and the coal, which is indis-
pensable to their efficiency, must, particularly
in'time of war, be furnished or obtainable at
brief intervals, and in the immediate vicinity
of their cruising grounds. A prudent regard
for our future interests and welfare would seem
to dictate the expediency of securing some eli-
gible locations for the purpose indicated.
REBEL CRUISERS.
Information reached the Department in May
that the iron-clad ram Stonewall, a formidable
vessel built, in France, had arrived in Havana.
This vessel had been conditionally sold to Den-
mark, but not proving satisfactory to that Gov-
ernment, she'was purchased by the rebels.
Some difficulty in procuring armament and a
crew caused a temporary slight embarrassment
in her movements, but she was soon met by the
English steamer City of Richmond off the eoast
of France, and her armament, which was made
in England, with supplies for a cruise and an
English crew, wore transferred to the Stone-
wall. She remained for a short time at Fer-
rol, where she was watched by the Niagara and
Sacramento, and leaving that place, she did not
reach Havana until after the downfall of the
rebel organization. Like other rebel cruisers
which liad'plundercd our commerce, the Stone-
wall was without a port.
Acting Rear Admiral Godon, who had re-
ceived orders to command on the Brazil station,
and was on the point of sailing, was directed to
proceed immediately, with a forcc hastily col-
lected and placed under his command, in search
of the Stonewall, which, it was understood, de-
signed to appear on our coast. He sailed from
Hampton Roads on the lGth of May, and ar-
rived off Havana on the 281 h, having in his
command the Susquehanna, Chippewa, Monti-
cello, Fahkee, and two turreted vessels, the
Monadnock and Canonieus. Shortly after his
arrival, the Stonewall was delivered over to the
Spanish authorities by her commander, and our
Government was advised that Spain would place
her at the disposal of the United States. _ It
being unnecessary for Acting Rfeir Admiral
Godon to remain longer on this special duty,
he left Havana June 0, returned to Hampton
Roads on the 12th. and on the 21 st proceeded,
in pursuance to previous orders, to Brazil.
The English screw-steamer Sea King, built
in Glasgow in 18G3, early attracted the atten-
tion of our officials in England as one of the
class of rovers which, like the Alabama, Florida,
and Georgia, as destined to prey on American
commerce. But the English authorities pro-
fessed to be incapable of detecting anything
wrong in this vessel, and she finally sailed from
London on the 8th of October. 1S64, with clear-
ance for Bombay. On the following day the
steamer Laurel sailedfrom Liverpool, with om-
eers, men, and guns, and went to Madeira.
The Sea King soon appeared off Madeira ana
signaled to the Laurel, when the two vessels
went to a barren island in the vicinity, and on
the 17th of October a transfer of officers, men,
and guns took place; the name of the pirate
was changed, and thenceforward became known
as the Shenanfloah. J-1- Waddell, a renegade
American officer, assumed the command, and
proceeded at once on a piratical cruise.
An official communication on the 18th of
