1 $66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
isd
and tlio Committee of Ways and Means will, I
am sure, willingly profit by the debate and the
expression ol' the House.
No matter how well considered the meas-
ure may lie, I do not, without an effort to im-
prove it, want it to pass against the sentiment
of a majority of our friends. It is not fit that
the committee or the country should accept the
necessity of carrying on the business of this
Congress by an alliance between a minority of"
this side of the House and the whole body
of the Opposition. It is not fit that an acci-
dental and subordinate difference of opinion
about the minor provisions of a bill should be
made to look as if any considerable portion of
the Union party withheld its support either
from a sound financial policy or from an ad-
ministration measure. The country is not yet
reduced to the necessity of depending upon its
enemies for support against its friends.
It is not necessary to seek aid from those
- who, when the vessel was drifting on the rock,
• stood idle, if not hostile spectators on the_
shore. Until a spirit and disposition is discov-'
erable which has not appeared yet, it is safe
to assume that the people expectlhose who act
together as a majority here to stand together
and to originate and pass proper measures,
and if these measures command the assent of
political opponents so much the better. It
will, I think, be found that that majority is
quite competent to the task, and can afford to
wait the final verdict to be pronounced upon us.
At any rate we will try—we will try to do our
duty, and to be united too.
That great difference of opinion should pre-
vail as to the necessity and propriety of some
of the provisions of the bill as it stands, is quite
natural. 'These differences grow very largely
out of existing acts. I shall not at this time
stop to review them, but when reviewed it will
be found that great powers sleep in them,
powers which whenever brought into requisi-
tion will subject the currency to the control of
the Treasury Department to an extent which
for the present would satisfy the most enthu-
siastic advocate of immediate contraction.
In my view of the existing law, the bill before
us gives but one new power, and it takes away
one which now exists. Wo will see hereafter
how this is, and if we can all understand it
alike, 1 think we can go together for a sound
policy looking to early resumption. Should
this come to pass, it will be well for all save
those who now, as heretofore, arc "taking the
chances," and operating upon the necessities,
political and otherwise, of their country.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will tlie
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Willingly.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
ask the gentleman who he voted with—with
which side of the House—when he voted against
making paper money legal tender.
Mr. CONKLING. Which hide of the House?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Ifthe gentleman had been
here, he would know that there was no "'which
side of the House" about it, politically speak-
ing.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. On the
contrary I understand that the gentleman voted
with the Democrats then in the House.
Mr. CONKLING. The geutleman under-
stands what was not the fact, if he supposes
that it was a party question. It was not. One
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
was absent, and the committee was left com-
posed of eight members only; four of the com-
mittee were for the legal-tenderpoliey and four
against it. The House also divided much after
the same fashion; most of the Democrats no
doubt opposed the bill, and it passed against
the will of exactly half the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if this is now a party question. _ Why
is it more a party question now than it was
then?
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman docs not
■want to make that inquiry seriously. He knows
better than he thinks we do, or the country
does, the parade that is making by his party
of its willingness to patronize the Administra-
tion. It will not amount to much, because
everybody understands it. •
Mr. BROOKS. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS. I am puzzled how to vote
on the motion of my colleague, and I wish an
opinion from him upon the subject. If some
thirty gentlemen over here vote now for his
motion to recommit, will the other side of the
House vote against it? [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. If I knew how to help
my colleague I would. _ His question being to
divert attention from things not funny to things
that are, perhaps I shall most assist him by no
answer at all.
Mr. BROOKS. I have tried to support the
Administration on this measure. I have gone
with him. The President recommended the
coarse of policy we have been pursuing.
The Secretary of the Treasury recommends
the course of policy that we have been pursu-
ing. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend the eoursc of policy that we have
been pursuing. And the majority of this House
have voted that way. Now, are they going to
turn back on themselves because some thirty
men upon this side of the House have helped
them? I wish an answer to my question, that
I may know how to vote on his motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I will endeavor to an-
swer my colleague, and the vote of the House
will show him presently that the fate of the
motion will not be affected by the action of
himself or his friends.
The gentleman may assume that everybody
understands pretty well how he " tries to sup-
port the Administration," and why we hear
such unctuous indorsements of the President
ol'late from those who have blocked the wheels
of the Administration for the last four years.
"The gentleman and his friends vote where the
chances of party advantage lead them. If a
bill comes in to give suffrage to the negroes in
the District of Columbia, they will vote with
the extreme men and labor to advance the
extreme view. They will go solid against every
proposition for restricted or qualified negro
suffrage, and insist upon the most unguarded
and indiscriminate enactment, and yet they try
to support the Administration,which means that
the object and mission of the gentlemen and
his friends is to improve little party opportu-
nities—thatis all.
So now, as a mero political maneuver, they
vote for this measure. [Laughter.] The gen-
tleman understands that. It is not necessary
to explain it. It explains itself as it goes along.
I was going, when the interruptions began,
to remind the House that recommittals work
well usually after a debate has failed to concen-
trate sentiment. During this session wo have
saved time and improved measures in this way.
When the constitutional amendment came
up, the House riot.cd in discussion and amend-
ments ; everybody was against it, or so much
for something else that he could not go with
anybody else or get his neighbor to go with
him. The subject was recommitted, and being
reported back to the House was ratified with
the effort of the committee, although no sub-
stantial change was made, and the amendment
passed by the entire Union vote, with but three
or four exceptions.
Mr. ROGERS. I suppose the gentleman
does not mean the constitutional amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I think I do.
Mr. ROGERS. The constitutional amend-
ment was not recommitted, I believe.
Mr. CONKLING. I have a vague, misty
recollection that the constitutional amendment
was recommitted.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order.
The question of negro suffrage or any other
constitutional amendment has nothing to do
with the subject, under consideration, which is
a money question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Conkling]
is stating what has been the effect of recom-
mitment in other cases, in support of his motion
to re.eommit this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I will withdraw my
point of order.
Mr. CONKLING. We did recommit the
constitutional amendment in regard to the ba-
sis of representation. It came back the next
day, and was passed, nobody dissenting "on
this side of the House except three or four
members.
The same thing happened in the case of the
civil rights bill. There was some objection
to it; I had some objections to it myself; it
was recommitted to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary ; the committee revised it, made some
alterations satisfactory to the House, and it
passed, I believe, by all the Union votes of
the House save those which were not given
either way. In the present instance, perhaps,
the revision of the committee will be equally
beneficial; let ns try.
Mr. ROSS. Then I suppose if we over here
vote for the proposition of the gentleman others
over there will be induced to vote against it.
Mr. CONKLING. That was not a very lu-
minous suggestion the first time it was made
by my colleague, [Mr. Bkooks.] [Laughter.]
We get the full force of it over here noV it is
made again, and we will admit the entire effcct
of it now, just the same as if some gentleman
should again repeat it. [Laughter.]
We shall not vote for or against any proposi-
tion because it is supported or opposed on the
other side. Nor will we be wheedled into any
position which will deprive the majority of the
House of a fair, deliberate opportunity of doing
what it means always to do, and that is to strive
earnestly to find out what is best and then stand
by it.
I now move that the bill be recommitted
without instructions to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and upon that motion I demand
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman with-
draw his demand for the previous question for
a moment?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the gentleman
will do so, and allow me to say a few words, as
I am on the same committee with him.
• Mr. CONKLING. 1 am reluctant to with-
draw. Several gentlemen are appealing to me
for the floor beside the two who address the
Chair, and I cannot oblige one and refuse an-
other ; if all are heard we shall be at sea again.
I think, therefore, we better sustain the pre-
vious question, and then if we are to have de-
bate it will be within narrow bounds. I insist
upon the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire of the
Chair whether if the demand for the previous
question is voted down, the bill will then be
open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. If the demand for the pre-
vious question is not sustained, the motion to
recommit will be open to amendment, _ But the
bill will not be open to amendment without re-
considering the third reading.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Conklixo,] as he is on
the same committee with myself, whether he
will allow me, upon the pledge to renew the
call for the previous question, to take the floor,
and agree to allow our opponents some of my
time?
Mr. CONKLING. For what purpose does
the gentleman seek the floor ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will limit myself to
any number of minutes for the purpose of de-
bating what should be debated. I want to show
to the House that there is another party hero
who go with the gentleman, although differing
as widely from the gentleman as do those over
the way.
Mr. CONKLING. Ipropose to compromise
by admitting what the gentleman says, and then
to have the previous question. [Laughter.]
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that the motion to
