1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3421
Territory, westward, according to the best and
most practicable route, and without reference
to the initial point on the one hundredth me-
ridian of west longitude, as now provided by
law, in a continuous completed line, until they
shall meet and connect with the Central Pacitic
Railroad Company, of California; and the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, of- California,
with the consent and approval of the Secretary
of the Interior, are authorized to locate, con-
struct, and continue their road eastward, in a
continuous completed line, until they shall
meet and connect with the Union Pacific rail-
road. It is further provided that each of the
companies shall have the right, when the na-
ture of the work to bo done, by reason of deep
cuts and tunnels, shall, for the expeditious
construction of the Pacific railroad require it,
to work for an extent of not to exceed throe
hundred miles in advance of their continuous
completed lines.
Mr. STEVENS. This is a very short bill;
and I gave notice yesterday that I would call it
up to-day and ask a vote upon it. It in fact
does not propose the enactment of a new law;
it is simply designed to correct a mistake in an
act already passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment. I wisli to
make a suggestion.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I differ with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. StuvexsJ
in reference to the construction of this bill,
although if the construction which he adopts
be correct I have no serious objection to the
measure. I desire that the gentleman shall
agree either that the bill be referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, with leave
to report at any time, or that it he made a
special order for some early day, or that lie
will consent to an amendment which 1 hold in
my hand. I propose to add to the first section
of the bill this additional proviso:
And ivoviileilfvrtlwr. That lie mineral lands sllall
be included in the grant hereby made, but the same
shall be leserved to the United States; that nothing
in this act contained shall be so conshned as to nfloct
the right of the Union Pacific. Railroad Company to
receive the bonds provided tor 111 the act of July],
18G2. and of July 2, 1B(H, to aid in tho construction
of the Union Pacitic road on its entire line from
Omaha to tho point of its connection with the road
of the Central Pacific l ail road, of (Jail forma, and that
bondsshallnotboissued lo tin; Union Paeilie Railway
Company, eastern division, on a- greater number of
miles than are embraced in the lino of said road be-
tween the Missouri river and the one hundredth
meridian, as indicated in the map heretofoic tiled by
said company in tile Interior Department.
I will state what 1 regard to be the effect of
this amendment. The grant provided in the
first section of this bill is a new grant of lands,
and it is to reserve from tin- operation of that
grant any mineral lands wtiieli may lie within
the limits of the grant. K will be observed,
by the language of the first section of this hill,
that it is provided the Union Pacific liailway
Company, eastern division, is authorized to
designate the general route of their road, and
to file a map thereof, as now required by law,
at anj' time before the 1st day of December,
1806: and upon the filing of the said map,
showing the general route of said road, the
lands along the entire line thereof, so far as
the same may be designated, shall be reserved
from sale by order of the Secretary of the
Interior.
My construction of that is that it makes a
new grant of land on the new line. It grants
the entire; body of land without designating by
odd or even sections. It includes all the min-
eral lands lying within the grant. I do not
think that is what my friend designed, but I
think that would be the effect of the language
used, I am told by those friendly to this bill
they do not intend to deprive the Union Pacific
Railroad Company of the aids provided in 1SG2
and 180 1. in the construction of tho Union
Pacific Railroad from the one hundredth me-
ridian of west longitude to connect with the
California road. If that lie the ease then they
intend to do just what [ seek by this amendment
whieh is this: that the Union Pacific Railroad
Company shall, notwithstanding tho passage of
this bill, have the aids provided in those sec-
tions for the completion of this road.
I have no objection to tho change made in
the California road. If that company want to
build the road faster than the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, I say let them build it, for
the country wants this road completed at as
early a day as possible. So if the California
company can build their road to Salt Lake
City before the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany can get their road there, 1 say let them
build it. Its completion at the earliest possi-
ble day is what we want. But I do not want
them deprived of the aids provided in 18G2
and 1864.
I am told by the friends of this bill that its
object is as is stated in my amendment. If that
be so, I am not asking more than they con-
ccdc is already provided for in this bill. But
I differ with them in the construction that will
be given to tho language used, and therefore
I ask that my amendnont be adopted.
There is one other thing, i am told by the
friends of the bill that they do not intend to
provide for issuing more bonds to the Kansas
company than is already provided for in the
legislation of 1802 and 18(54. I am willing that
legislation should rest where we placed it at
those periods. I am willing that company
shall have tho bonds we have already provided.
I say, therefore, they shall receive bonds to
the entire amount for the construction of tho
road from the Missouri river to the initial point
on the one hundredth meridian of west longi-
tude. If they wijjh to push it further south,
let them do it. I think it would advance the
interests of the count r\. They bay, too, they
do not ask any more bonds.
There is one view in connection with the
existing law I wish to present, to the llouse,
because it. is on that, point, difference of con-
struction springs up between m\self and those
who advocate the bill in its present form, and
that is this: under the law as it now stands
the company which reaches the one hundredth
degree first is authorized to construct the Union
Pacific railroad. Now, if the, Kansas company
reach the one hundredth degree first, of course,
under this provision of law, it will be authorized
to construct the Union Pacific railroad. What
effect follows that? Simply this, that, by being
authorized to construct, the Union Pacific rail-
road all tho subsidies provided in present legis-
lation for the construction of a Pacific railroad
from the lino commencing at the Republican
fork and running westward to connect, with the
California road will pass down to the Kansas
road, and the line on the Platte valley route
is deprived of all subsidies westward of the one
hundredth degree. Now, I am told that it is
not the design of the friends of' this bill to
accomplish that result, and I give them credit
for stating precisely what they desire to effect,
'fhe only difference between us is ns to the
construction to be given to tiiis bill in connec-
tion with the law as it, now exists. Now, sir,
1 hope that inasmuch as this company whieh
is building the road west from Omaha by the
Platte valley route have completed already over
one hundred and twenty miles of that road, and
are laying their track at the rate of a mile and
a half a day, they will not be stopped in tho
construction of that work.
if this bill means what it is contended it
docs mean, it cannot affect the Platte valley
route or the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
But if it means what I insist it docs mean,
and what 1 claim would be the construction
put upon if if the question should be thrown
into the courts of law, then it would destroy
this enterprise entirely. I hope, therefore,
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
accept one of the three propositions which 1
have made: either that the bill should be re-
ferred lo tho Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, with leave to report at any time ; or that
it should be set down as the, special order for
consideration at an early day, so that we may
have a discussion of the important questions
involved in it: or that he will allow me to
offer my amendment now. I do not want to
interfere with the object which these gentlemen
say they have in view; I have no such inten-
tion. I only desire to protect rights whieh now
exist. I am willing that gentlemen shall have
such changes in our legislation as they desire,
provided they do not affect existing rights. 1
hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] will give his assent to
oue of the propositions I have made.
Mr. STEVENS. Either of those proposi-
tions is death to this bill. I do not suppose he
so intends, but that would be the effect. Sup-
pose you send it to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad; from what'I saw of the votes
of that committee yesterday the bill would
never got back.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will change my suggestion, and
move that it be referred to that committee with
instructions to report it back within a certain
number of days.
Mr. STEVENS. I will make a proposition,
and 1 hope the gentleman will agree to it. I
remember to have read of the Trojan horse,
and I do not care to be caught by any such
contrivance at this time. I propose that the
gentleman shall draw up an explanatory act in
the very language that lie has suggested here,
and that when we have passed this bill he shall
forthwith introduce that act explaining what
this bill means, and I for one will vote for it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would like to ask
the gentleman, then, why he objects to permit-
ting this amendment to go upon the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. For a reason as plain as
daylight, that if you put it on this bill it will
have to go back to the Senate, and that would
be its death.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I should like to
know how the gentleman knows that.
Mr. STEVENS. That is my information,
and I shall act upon that information. 'I'll ere
is not a proposition contained in this bill that
differs from the original bill; not one.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania explain why the setting down of
this hill for discussion on a given day would
kill it? _
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see how setting
it down for discussion on a particular day
would do any good.
Mr. DAWES. I understood the gentleman
to say that it would be the death of the bill.
Upon what ground? flow could it injure the
bill to have it fairly discussed, so that it could
be understood on all sides?
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose that every man
who desires to understand it knows what it is
now. I am sure that my intelligent friend from
Massachusetts understands it.
Mr. DAWES. I will say frankly that I am not
in favor of the bill, but I feel that if it were sot
down for fair discussion on some day, perhaps
some of us could so explain it to tho House
that, the House would understand its merits.
But the gentleman says that that would kill it.
Mr. STEVENS. No, it would not kill it,
if the House.understood it. But my friend is
so good at mystifying that he might possibly so
eneloud it that some gentleman would vote
against, it, without knowing what it was. But
let me go 011 and state that this bill Is nothing
more than a correction of an error in the origi-
nal law to which it is a supplement.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do.sire to ask the
gentleman if under the present bill tho Kansas
Company or the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, eastern division, should reach the one
hundredth meridian first, and then should con-
tinue the construction of the Union Pacific
railroad, what amount of lands it would be
entitled to, and whether there is anything ill
this bill which would deprive that company of
the right of doing that thing after it reached
the one hundredth meridian further south than
was contemplated in the original bill: whether,
if it continued to construct the Pacific railroad
westward from the one hundredth meridian,
it would not be entitled to the yl6,000 in
bonds per mile.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state exactly what
