22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
39th Cong. ... 1 st Sess.
October informed the Department that the crew
of the Sea King, as well as that of the Laurel,
were all British subjects, that many of them
belonged to the Royal Naval Reserve, and that
some forty or fifty of the Alabama's men were
among them.
Throughout the whole period of the rebellion
these exhibitions of the manner in which the
English authorities exercised neutrality were
witnessed. On one occasion two persons se-
creted themselves on the United States steamer
Tuscarora, at Queenstown, with a view, it was
suspected, of entering our service, and the Brit-
ish Government was on that occasion greatly
exercised lest some violation of neutrality or
breach of the foreign enlistment act had taken
place which would work harm to the rebels. A
less anxious solicitude appears to have been
entertained of breach of neutrality when whole
crews were enlisted for the Shenandoah and
other rebel piratical cruisers which sallied forth
to plunder American commerce. Before leav-
ing the Atlantic the Shenandoah succeeded in
destroying several vessels, and was next heard
of in Melbourne, Australia, where she was re-
ceived and entertained with great hospitality
and furnished with ample supplies and repairs
for the long cruise upon which she was about
to enter. On the 8th of February she is re-
ported to have left Melbourne, and was next
heard of in the North Pacific ocean and the sea
of Okhotsk, where she attacked and captured
twenty-nine unarmed whale ships, of which
twenty-live were destroyed ana four were
bonded. Although notified by some of his
victims that the rebel armies had surrendered
and that the rebellion was suppressed, \\raddell
gave no heed to the intelligence, but continued
his work of destruction until four months after
the fall of Richmond, when he was advised by
an English vessel that Lee was on parole and
Davis a prisoner.
The English Government, in the exercise of
all that neutral tenderness and • care which it
had manifested for the rebels from the begin-
ning of the insurrection, when finally compelled
to admit the extinguishment of the rebellion,
made special reservation to protect the rebel
piratical cruisers, and particularly the Shenan-
doah, which was an outlaw, without country or
home other than England, after the prostration
of the rebel organization. Warned by neutral
England, whoso subjects constituted almost her
entire crew, that the organized insurrection was
annihilated, the Shenandoah had no alternative
but to seek again the shelter and protection of
that neutral Power where she was built, and
from which she was armed and manned. Under
the name of Sea King she had cleared and sailed
as an English vessel, with an English flag and
an English crew, and as late as February she
stood on the books at the Register's office of
British shipping in her original name, and in
the name of her original owners. Such may
have been the case when the pirate was warned
that he had not the pretext of a rebel organiza-
tion to soften his crime, and that he was an
outlaw. Of all her captures not one was over
sent in for adjudication, and I am not aware that
she ever entered the port of any counuy but
England. It was fitting, therefore, that she
should return for refuge to the country of her
origin.
The Sea King, alias the Shenandoah, entered
the Mersey on the Cth of November, and her
pirate captain, in a formal letter to the English
minister, surrendered the vessel to the English
Government.
ENLARGEMENT OF THE NAVY-YARDS.
Our navy-yards are, all of them, of limited
area, and wholly insufficient for our present
Navy. Not one of them presents the full re-
quisite conveniences and facilities for promptly
fitting out m a rapid and efficient manner more
than a single vessel at a time. Vessels which
ought to be repaired in three months are often
detained for a year, and officers ordered to their
ships, which should be ready for sea, have been
kept waiting for months, at great expense to
themselves and to the country, and to the injury
of the service. There is not a public yard where
an iron vessel can be constructed, aujron plate
made, or where shafting can be forged, or steam
machinery manufactured, except on a moderate
scale; nor, with the exception of Mare Island,
in California, and Norfolk, have we a navy-yard
with sufficient room to erect the necessary works
for even present wants. England, besides her
great public navy-yards, with which ours can
bearno comparison, possesses even several pri-
vate establishments, in each of which there are
more mechanical appliances than are possessed
by our whole countiy. Attention is invited to
the interesting and instructive report of Chief
Engineer J. W. King upon the dock-yards of
England and France, communicated to Con-
gress at its last session.
Any future wars in which we may be involved
must be of a maritime character; and unless
we make in due season adequate preparations,
requiring no inconsiderable expenditure and
time for their completion, the country will not
escape mortification and reverses and serious
disasters.
The most formidable iron-clads are those of
the class of the Passaconaway. The turrets of
these vessels, which are fifteen inches in thick-
ness, and the machinery, which is of a power to
drive them eleven knots an hour, is plain and of
moderate size, and yet they cannot be con-
structed and sent to sea in three years. So it
is of all work out of that ordinary routine for
which our establishments, public and private,
are exclusively designed. The immediate, in-
dispensable, and truly economical remedy for
all this disadvantage is to enlarge the navy-
yards at Boston and Now York, to complete the
yard at Mare Island, on the Pacific, rebuild
those of Norfolk and Pensacola, and sell the
present restricted grounds at Philadelphia after
establishing a yard of sufficient capacity at
League Island, or some other proper location
on the Delaware. With these extensions and
improvements, and a proper establishment at
some point upon the western waters, our naval
position will be so strengthened as to constitute
an additional safeguard against expense, and
perhaps war.
I have omitted any recommendation in regard
to the yard at Kittery, because there are serious
objections to it as a naval station, on account of
its proximity to the ocean, which renders public
property there insecure. Should, it however,
bo decided to improve the station as a public
ship yard, the acquisition of Seavy's Island, as
recommended by the chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, should be carried into effect.
But the value of the island has been recently
greatly enhanced and its acquisition rendered
difficult in consequence of a road which passes
through the yard, and a bridge connecting the
island with the yard, which has been, in my
opinion without due consideration, authorized
by Congress. If the yard itself is not to be
abandoned, the road and bridge should, in jus-
tice to the public interest, be discontinued, and
Seavy's Island secured.
CONSTRUCTION 0*' NAVAL VESSELS.
At the beginning of the rebellion the Depart-
ment was without appropriate vessels for chase
or blockade. Steamers of the Colorado class
could enter no harbor south of Hampton Roads
but Port Royal, and even those of the Hartford
class could enter but few of the bloekadedports.
All the vessels constructed before the war
possessed only moderate steam power, but had
nearly full sailing qualities. Had the Depart-
ment expended its energies at the commence-
ment in efforts to construct vessels of magni-
tude for war purposes, with machinery capable
of making fifteen knots per hour, as has been
earnestly urged, we could scarcely have com-
pleted one such vessel before the date of the
fall of Wilmington. The Department, without
attempting impossibilities, directed its energies
to accomplish what was practicable.
After procuring a supply of vessels for the
blockade, by purchase and construction, the
next pressing want was an iron-elad or armored
ship, capable of operating in our waters and
going in all weathers from port to port. On a
public appeal to the mechanical ingenuity of
our countrymen, this want was supplied by the
Monitor, a turreted vessel, which, as soon as
completed, vindicated its capability, and the
model thus projected has been adopted and ex-
tensively copied abroad. This class of vessels
stands as the undoubted and acknowledged
best defense of our shores against any naval
armament at present in existence. Different
types of turreted vessels, all of them improve-
ments in some respects on the original model,
have been constructed. Several of the light-
draft vessels of this class, drawing but eight
feet of water, completed since the adjournment
of Congress, have gone from Boston and other
points to Philadelphia and Hampton Roads ;
and one has made a voyage to Charleston,
South Carolina, where she is stationed, and
performs with entire satisfaction all the duties
required of her.
The double-enders, vessels originating in the
peculiar necessities of this war—designed to run
head or stern first—were intended for opera-
tions in the rivers, bayous, and inner waters
that pervade our southern coast, where it was
important to avoid the difficulty, delay, and risk
of turning round in narrow channels or under
fire.
When these arrangements had been made,
and the vessels immediately required were well
under way, so as not to be. interfered with or de-
layed by additional work, the Department com-
menced the construction of a superior class of
steamers of size and power sufficient to insure
high speed. The most forward of these vessels
could not be at sea until 1800. 'The delays and
embarrassments which have, been experienced
demonstrate the impoitance, if not absolute
necessity, of enlarging our principal yards, and
the need of a suitable establishment for the con-
struction of engines and heavy iron-work, such
as the Department for three years has steadily
urged upon the consideration of Congress.
FACILITIES FOB REPAIRING NAVAL VESSELS.
The naval expenditures, which have been
moderate for the work performed, are larger
than they would otherwise have been, in con-
sequence of the insufficient means and limited
area of the several navy-yards. Without fur-
ther provision in these respects the Government
must always depend, in a great degree, on pri-
vate establishments for much of its work. This
is not objectionable, perhaps, in the construc-
tion of new hulls and engines. The experience
of the last four years has taught us the value
and importance of efficient and reliable private
establishments to aid the Government in a great
emergency. The promptness and energy ex-
hibited at some of these establishments have
been wonderful and of invaluable service. Until
summoned to assist the Government in the
great struggle that was upon us, the abilitj1",
power, and resources of these pii\ ate establish-
ments were not known or appreciated. They
generally responded with zeal and vigor to the
calls of the Department, and their ability will,
in all future wars, give reliable strength to the
countiy.
In constructing new vessels and machinery,
the Government can always have the benefit of
wholesome competition at private establish-
ments. In making its contracts for new vessels
and supervising their execution, the Depart-
ment will be able to protect itself, but that
cannot be the case as regards the constant, and
often extensive repairs required on vessels
which have been in service. These cannot be
made by contract, and opportunities for fraud
and imposition in making repairs are so great
that too many yield to them. Work is often
slighted and imperfectly executed; disastrous
delays intervene; sometimes the job will be
skillfully nursed by more extended and elabo-
