1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
39th Cons....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
rate repairs than are necessary. The charge
for materials and labor must of course bo, to a
considerable extent, at the discretion of those
who make the repairs, and it is not surprising,
perhaps, that they have frequently been exor-
bitant, notwithstanding all the vigilance and
efforts that were exercised to protect the Gov-
ernment.
True economy would be promoted were the
Government to have the necessary workshops
and machinery to execute its own repairs in
all cases. Almost all of the machinery and
engines for the Navy have been constructed at
private establishments, and they must continue
to be so constructed until the Government shall
conclude to change its policy. In the manu-
facture of heavy shafting and machinery for
our naval vessels, which are to cruise for
months, and often for years, abroad, it is im-
portant that we should have the most substan-
tial workmanship and the best materials, so
that the Government can safely rely on the
strength and durability of its naval represent-
atives, however remote from the country, and
the officers and crews should be enabled to feel
a sense of security, so far as human skill can
impart it, in the floating homes which the Gov-
ernment may provide.
A failure in the motive power of a steamer,
when on a cruise or far removed from estab-
lishments where the necessary repairs can be
made, is a calamity against which every pre-
caution should be taken.
LAYING TIP OF THE IBOX-CLADS.
The iron-clad vessels, so formidable in war,
but unsuited for active service in peace, have
been laid up, ready to be brought forward at
any time for active duty should circumstances
require. No provision having been made by
Congress for a suitable dock-yard or station in
fresh water, where alone iron vessels can remain
and be preserved, and there being neither room
nor accommodations for them at any of our pres-
ent contracted yards, the Department was undei
the necessity, until Congress shall make provis
ion, of selecting a suitable place for the purpose.
Fresh water being an indispensable requisite for
the preservation of this class of vessels, and an
interior location from the sea-board being almost
equally indispensable for the purpose of safety.
I had no hesitation in selecting League Island as
possessing these advantages in an eminent de-
gree. The board of naval and scientific gentle-
men appointed in 1802, in pursuance of an act
of Congress passed on the suggestion of the
Department, to select a site for a navy-yard for
iron purposes, while entertaining different opin-
ions as to the most eligible location for a navy-
yard for general objects, were united in favor of
League Island "so far as iron vessels are con-
cerned. '' There is probably no site to be found
in the country presenting so many circumstances
iu its favor for laying up our iron-clad fleet.
Removed from the coast, and with l'resli water,
League Island combines the advantages of both
security and preservation—indispensableiequi-
sites for vessels of this description.
Had Congress, three years since, authorized
the removal of the navy-yard from its present
contracted and wholly insufficient limits in Phil-
adelphia to League Island, as recommended by
the Department, other important economic ad-
vantages would have been attained. 1 cannot
omit the opportunity of again advising the sub-
stitution of that site for the present circum-
scribed yard at Philadelphia, and securing this
location, provided it can be obtained, for the
Government. Itmust.be borne in mind that,
should Congress neglect to obtain it, the Gov-
ernment will be liable, at any moment, to be
dispossessed, and compelled to remove its iron-
clad fleet.
On the Mississippi river, where there is as yet
no public navy-yard, the station at Mound City
is retained, and*the iron-clads belonging to the
Mississippi squadron have there their head-
quarters. Several vessels of this class which
were built at St. Louis and attached to the West
Gulf squadron, where they rendered good ser-
vice, particulaidy in the bay of Mobile, have been
laid up at Algiers, opposite New Orleans.
In this connection, I would respectfully in-
vite attention to the report of a commission ap-
pointed under the joint resolution of Congress
in June, 1864, to "select the most suitable site
for a navy-yard or naval station on the Missis-
sippi river, or upon one of its tributaries."
Without intending to indicate any preference
as to location, it is not to be doubted that in
future wars the vessels, particularly those of
iron, and the machinery and armature of our
steamers, will, to some extent, bo constructed
in the valley of the Mississippi, where the ma-
terial is so abundant. The experience of the
past few years has demonstrated the capabili-
ties of that section in producing naval vessels
and machinery with rapidity.
The true policy of the Government with re-
gard to our naval force in time of peace will bo
to keep our iron-clads laid up in fresh water, in
perfect fighting order. Our largest steamships
should remain in ordinary, distributed among
the principal commercial cities, while there
should be a force afloat sufficient to visit annu-
ally, if necessary, every navigable port on the
globe where our trade exists.
UEAXTIIINESS OF IROX-CLADS.
Some interesting and extraordinary facts and
statistics concerning the comparative healthi-
ness of iron-elads and wooden vessels are given
in the report of the chief of the Bureau of Medi-
cine and Surgery. The monitor class of ves-
sels, it is well known, have but a few inches
of their hulls above the water-line, and in a
heavy sea are entirely submerged. It has long
been doubted whether, under such circum-
stances, it would be possible longto preserve the
health of the men on board, and consequently
to maintain the fighting material in a condition
for effective service. It is gratifying, therefore,
to know that an examination of the sick-reports,
covering a period of o\er thirty months, shows
that so far from being unhealthy, there was less
sickness on board the monitor vessels than on
the same number of w ooden ships with an equal
unrulier of men, and in similarly exposed posi-
tions. The exemption from sickness upon the
iron-clads in some instances is remarkable.
There were on board the Saugus, from Novem-
ber 25, 1864. to April 1, lBGo, a period of over
four months,'but four cases of sickness, (exclud-
ing accidental injuries,) and of these, two were
diseases with which the patients had suffered
for years. On the Montauk, for a period ot onc_
hundred and si^ty-five days prior to the "2Hth ol
May, lMj5, there was but one case of disease
on'board. Other vessels exhibit equally re-
markable results, and the conclusion is reached
that no wooden vessels in any squadron through-
out the world can show an equal immunity from
disease. The facts and tables presented are
worthy of careful study.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
The number of midshipmen at the Naval
Academy is 451. The present method of select-
ing candidates is, in many respects, objection-
able. Of the enlisted boys, those who from
choice betake themselves to the seas, and are
nurtured in the Navy, only three arej>ermitted
annually to go to the Academy. Few of the
multitude of boys who have inclination and
aptitude for the" naval service can obtain tlm
important advantage of a public education. Of
those who annually present, themselves under
the present svstem, one fifth fail to pass a sat-
isfactory physical or mental examination. The
same defects are more strikingiy developed
after admission. Nearly thirty-three per cent,
fail the first year, and finallv only about twenty-
five per cent, ot those who enter the Academy
graduate. In consequence ot this itate ol things,
the great wants of the service in the junior
grades of ofiiceis have been poorly supplieo,
for the Academy lias only graduated a class
averaging vearly a boat twenty-five members.
A large portion of the money appropriated for
a naval education is thus wasted chiefly in con-
sequence of the defective system of selecting
the candidates.
The Board of Visitors, in 1804, instituted
some searching inquiries to ascertain whether
tile requirements for entering the Academy
were of too rigid a character, and became fully
convinced that the failures were not attribu-
table to that cause, but that many of the boys
had neither the mental nor physical qualities
to fit them for the naval service.
Competitive examination in each of the con-
gressional districts, which shall be open to all
boys, under proper regulations, has been sug-
gested as a remedy. Such examination would
probably establish the mental proficiency of
the candidate, which, however, might bo the
result of premature development. The less
accomplished scholar, whose powers may not
be fully developed, mi^lit, nevertheless, pos-
sess a mental and physical organization bettor
adapted to the service, which would make him
a more eligible pupil and a better naval officer.
The Government should have in training lor
its naval officers boys of good mental capacity
and the best physical development. These are
not obtained under the present system. I have
elsewhere suggested the expediency of appoint-
ing one half of the midshipmen from the en-
listed apprentices, and the remainder from
congressional districts, the selection to be made
from those who possess both the physical and
mental qualities that lit them for the position.
In dispensing with vessels propelled wholly
by sails from the list of regular men-of-war, it
has become necessary to instruct the future
naval officer in the principles and practice of
steam-enginery. A separate department., hav-
ing this object in view, has been established at
the Naval Academy, under the management and
direction of Chief Engineer William W. W.
Wood, assisted by eight others, who are charged
with the duty of teaching the midshipmen, not.
only the theory of the steam-engine, hat, as in-
dicated in my last report, its actual manipula-
tion, Sufficient, experiments and progress have
already been made in running the engines of the
vessels attached to the Academy by the mid-
shipmen to warrant the Department to persevere
in its purpose of perfect ing the education of the
future line office! s, by making them competent,
in addition to their other requirements, to man-
age and work the engine.
The management, of a man-of-war in a gale,
on a lee shore, iu a narrow harbor, or the
splendid maneuvers of battle by sailing ves-
sels, have hitherto been the highest and proud-
est duties of a thorough naval officer. The
skillful disposition of the sails, which was the
result, of the best training of the old school, is
no longer necessary, except, as auxiliary to the
new motive power which modern invention and
science have introduced. The naval vessel is
no longer dependent on the winds, nor is she
at the mercy of currents; but the motive power
which propels and controls her movements is
subject to the mind and will of her commander,
provided he is master of bis profession in the
future, as he lias been in the past. To retain
the prominence which skill and education gave
him when seamanship was the most important
accomplishment, the line officer must be quali-
fied to guide and direct, this new element or
power. Unless he has these qualities, he "will
be dependent on the knowledge and skill of
him who manipulates and directs the engine.
To confine himself to seamanship, without the
ability to manage the steam-engine, will result
in his taking a secondary position, as compared
with that which the accomplished naval officer
formerly occupied.
For the full development and accomplish-
ment of an object winch can no longer be con-
'sidercd a doubtful experiment, the acuve co-
operation of naval officers is required. hen
this change is effected, engineers will becotne the
designers and constructors of engines and other
marine works, and the superintendents of the
mechanical employment which a navy propelled
