1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
The, PRI'jSIDENT^jro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the unfinished business of
Yesterday.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that thai measure
be postponed, and that the Senator from Wis-
consin be allowed to conclude his remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the unfinished business of yesterday, and
all prior orders, be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object to that
motion prevailing. I am willing, as the Senator
■from Wisconsin is in the midst of his remarks,
(.hat the order for this hour shall be laid aside
until he can conclude them; but I cannot con-
sent that the bill which is now regularly in order
shall lose its place. I have no objection to its
being laid a -id e informally until the Senator
concludes his remarks.
ilr. JOHNSON. That course is satisfactory
to me, and J make that motion instead of the
other.
The P RESIDENT jt>roto>!/we. The motion
now is, that the special order be laid aside until
the conclusion of the remarks of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under such an order,
will that bill come up when he is through?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the bill
be laid aside informally by unanimous consent,
it can be called up at the conclusion of the re-
marks of the Senator from Wisconsin; and if
there be no objection that will be regarded as
the order of the Senate. The Chair hears no
objection to that course.
Mr. IIOWE. Mr. President, the resolution
which I submitted to the Senate simply declares
for certain reasons recited in the preamble that
Congress ought to establish provisional govern-
ments for those districts which were lately in
rebellion against the authority of the United
States. The Senator from Maryland concludes
that the reasons assigned in the preamble were
unsound. One of those reasons was that the
functions of States in those districts had been
suspended; another reason was that the time
for restoring them had not yet come; and the
third reason was that military governments, the
substitute for States which has hitherto prevailed
there, were unfit, for the government of any
people,.
The Senator from Maryland concludes that
the functions of those States have not been sus-
pended. Why? The first reason he assigns is
that the war could not have suspended them.
He tells us that the United States cannot de-
clare war against a State. I never asserted that
it could. 'The proposition was very ably, and I
think conclusively, maintained by the Senator:
but after all it does not seem to me to have elu-
cidated this discussion. He tells us that two of
the most distinguished members of that Con-
vention which framed our Constitution declared
that the United States ought not to make war
upon a State. lie declares that the Supreme
Court of the United States has asserted, since
the Constitution was adopted, that Congress
cannot declare war against a State. He cites
these two authorities to the, American Senate
as if they sustained one and the same principle.
If he bad told us the reason why Mr. Madison
and Mr. Hamilton thought the United States
ought not to make war upon a State, I think he
would have done a great deal to enlighten the
Senate in reference to our relations to these
very communities.
Sir. what was the reason why Mr. Madisonand
Mr. Hamilton thought the United States ought
not to make war upon a State ? Thev were in
convention to frame a Constitution for the pur-
pose of securing a more perfect Union. What,
was the imperfection in that Union? It was that
'the laws of the Federal Congress wereaddressed
not to the people but to the States, and the States
were sovereign ; that they had the right to pass
upon the validity of those laws and to obey or dis-
obey them as they pleased. Whenever, thei e-
fore. Congress enacted a law which any State did
not approve it refused to obey; and when one
State disobeyed one law, it was made the pretext
ibranother State disobeying another law which
was unsatisfactory to it. To amend these diffi-
culties w:< s the purpose of that Convention. A
great many propositions were submitted to it,
one of wliich—and if i remember aright it ema-
nated from Now J ersey. being offered by Mr. Pat-
terson—proposed to let the States still remain
sovereign, but to empower the Federal Govern-
ment to enforce any laws it might passbvwar;
whenever a State refused to obey a iaw of Con-
gress, that war be declared against that State: let
it refuse obedience at the peril of war. Against
that proposition Mr. Madison and Mr. Hamilton
exclaimed. They said we cannot maintain a
union where war is a recognized means, an ordi-
nary means of executing the laws; the sover-
eignty of these several States must, therefore, be
abandoned; you must not have a union of sover-
eign States ; but you must have a union of all the
people within all the States, and you must ha\ e a
G overnmen t for theguidanccand control ofthose
people ; limit its powers as you please, but what-
ever power you give to that Government must
be exerted against every individual alike ; its
commands, its precepts, must be addressed, not
to the States, but to the people. That is what
was called the national plan, and that is the
plan which was adopted. Consequently you
have States not sovereign as they existed before
the Constitution was adopted, but subordinate
as they stand to-day.
True, the Supreme Court has said that war
cannot be declared against a State ; and if Sen-
ators will jast cast their eye upon any State in
the Union now they will see the reason why war
cannot be declared. Look at the State of Ohio;
see what makes the State of Ohio. There is
a people existing within certain boundaries,
clothed by the Constitution of the United States
with certain powers, among which is the power
to choose, by certain districts to be prescribed
by herself, Representatives and Senators to a
State Legislature, to enact laws for the govern-
ment of the people in reference to such mat-
ters as are left under the control of the State;
authorized by this same Constitution to choose
a Governor to execute those laws ; authorized
by this same Constitution to appoint the judges
of courts, to interpret laws, and to apply them
to the right-! of individuals. There is the State
of Ohio. While she stands within that orbit,
she is only exerting powers which somebody
must exert, which, if the people of Ohio do not
exert for themselves must be exerted by some-
body else l'or them, and they are powers which,
by the Constitution, are excluded from the au-
thority of Congress. There is a mere aggrega-
tion of people larger than a county, and with
powers more ext ensive than those of a county,
but still limited, circumscribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States. There is nothing
but people with these prerogatives; there is no
power : there is no force; there is no authority;
there is neither an army nor a navy, nor the
right to create nil army or a na\y.
Now. tell me why should Congress declare
war against-a State like that of Ohio ? What is
there to fight ? You might as well marshal troops
against a vapor: there is no force, there is noth-
ing there to resist you. The Almighty himself
might as well lead the columns of His planets
upon the earth while it is pursuing its course in
itsown orbit, as for the United States to declare
war against the State of Ohio, or against any other
State, so long as it confines itself to the sphere
prescribed to it by the supreme law of the land.
But, sir, when the earth steps out of its orbit
there is apt to be a collision, and when a State
steps out of its orbit and ceases to be the or-
ganization which the Constitution prescribes,
there may be a collision, as there has been be-
tween the United States and the people of the
eleven districts which constituted what we call
the seceded States. I f the Supreme Court mean
to say, or if the Senator from Maryland means
to affirm, that the United States cannot make
war upon any State, I must insist, that tliey arc
very much mistaken, or else we have been very
much mistaken during the last four years. \\ e
can make war upon every State on the face .of
the, earth except a State which is pursuing its
course, which is discharging its duty, which is
meeting its obligations as prescribed to it by the
Constitution of the United States. While it is
within that orbit it is safe, it is protected ; all
the laws of the land are thrown around it; it is
as safe against the war powers of t.ho United
States as 1 am when T am going from the Capi-
tol to my boarding-house, or returning from my
boarding-house to the Capitol: the people ag-
gregated inioa State are as safe as any individ-
ual in any of the States is against the war powers
of the United States; there is no more occasion
for making war, and no more right to make war,
upon them than there is upon an individual.
And so. sir, 1 do not say, and I never contended,
j and I never thought for a moment, that the peo-
ple of these districts lost the prerogatives of
[ States through the war which has been made
| upon them, or which was made by them upon
, us. They lost it before the war commenced, so
! to speak ; they went to work themselves, before
j war was inaugurated, and took down the State
j which the Constitution permitted to them, and
; established another as unlike that which the
! Constitution permits as is a German State to an
1 American State, or as is a Mexican State to an
American State.
But the Senator from Maryland next insists
that those State governments did not destroy
themselves, because they did nothing but enact
ordinances of secession, and those ordinances
were illegal. I conceded the other day that if
that had been all they did, that would not have
authorized Congress to provide provisional gov-
ernments for them. I pointed out what more
it was that they did do; that in addition to enact-
ing their ordinances of secession they placed
every local organ and tribunal under an oath
not to support the Constitution of the United
States, but to resist the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and then they made flagrant war upon
the United States. The issue light lieie between
the Senator fiom Maryland and myself is as
broad and as clearly defined as it could well be.
The Senator from Maryland affirms that when
the government which represented the people
of South Carolina had enacted her ordinance
of secession, had placed the whole local author-
ity in the bands of local agents or tiibnnals
which were sworn to resist and overthrow the
Constitution of the United States; which had
destroyed and crushed out every Federal or-
ganism existing within that community; which
had raised armies in defiance of the Constitu-
tion of the United States; which had made war
upon oitr Hag; which had bombarded our forts;
which had taken possession of our property in
defiance of us, that that still remained an Amer-
ican State, entitled to the prerogatives which
the Constitution confers upon an American
State, and must be respected as such. I say,
on the other hand, that when that thing was
done there was not the \estige of an American
State theie; there w as not a feature which be-
longs to an American State as defined by the
Constitution; and there was scarcely a man in
that wdiole community who was not a criminal
before the law, and who was not only not to be
respected as a Governor, or a judge, or n legis-
lator of a State is to be respected, but was to
be respected as the law respects him, as a felon
and a traitor.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
ilr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
what disposition lie proposes to_ make of the
organizations which have been formed during
the last six months in these States under the
invitation of the President of the U nited States.
What is to become of them?
Mr. HOWE. If my friend will propose that
question to mo a little later in the course of my
remarks, I shall have great pleasure in telling
him what I propose to do with them.
Mr. STEWART. Any time will do.
Mr. HOWE. Just now it is not in the order
of my remarks, and I may forget it when I
come to the point where I would like to give the
information. I think it is not difficult, how-
ever, to apprehend what disposition I would
make of them.
