1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The same remark
will apply to the fall and summer. Therefore
there must be very little duty to perform. The
most of thai money must be applied to the oflice
of surveyor in Montana.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I was about to remark
when I was interrupted by the gentleman from
Iowa that there are about ten million acres of -
public lands unsurveyed in Dakota. It lias
been remarked that it is bad land. I know that
some of it is, but not a greater proportionate
amount than we find in most of the western
States and Territories.
But I want to state this fact: that while the
public lands of all the western States have
passed into the hands of speculators, and are
held at prices so high that men of moderate
means, who have only a few hundred dollars to
locate lands with and provide for their families,
are unable to purchase them, the public lands of
Dakota are the only good lands that are within
reach of these poor men emigrating westward.
I want that distinctly understood. And we ask
that these lands may be surveyed and kept open
for homesteads for the poor people of the coun-
try who are Hocking westward by tens of thou-
sands in pursuit of homes for themselves and
their families.
It is a great mistake to suppose that Dakota
has no good land. There is no richer territory
on the face of the earth. There are portions
of it troubled with drought, but it is so with
Minnesota, Kansas, and Nebraska, and almost
all our nor) hwestern States and Territories. Da-
kota is capable of sustaining an agricultural pop-
ulation ol'a million, and they will go in there,
and no legislation of the Territory or of any
State in the West can prevent emigration to that
Territory. It has started and it will go. The
people of the country who are pushing westward
for homes and habitations will certainlygo and
settle there, and before you are aware of it,
that Territory, poor as it now is, will be knock-
ing for admission here.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to state that
I have been informed by those who have visited
that Territory that the drought has been so great
in the last four years that there has been almost
a total failure of crops for three of those years,
and that these droughts are very common in the
Territory. Now it may be true that the coun-
try will support a million inhabitants, as the
gentleman from Dakota [Mr. Bcrleigh] says,
but from all the information that I have had
thus far, the declaration will hardly be borne
out.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think it makes
much difference whether the soil of Dakota is
rich or poor, except to the holders of it. I
believe there is a quantity of very rich land
there, and it is pretty much owned by the very
clever people who went there first. Now, if
the rest is rough and poor, it will cost so much
more to survey it. Hence 1 see no reason for
reducing the estimate.
But 1 never yet knew a Department make an
estimate too low. The great difficulty is keep-
ing them down. Now, sir, we have here given
everything the Department calls for ; precisely
what the office called upon the Department for.
I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Chairman, the
policy in regard to the public lands on the west-
ern coast will have to be changed. I am under
the impression that we are very much in the
daik in legaid to the necessities of the Terri-
tories on the Pacific side of the Rocky mount-
ains, and we shall be compelled to change our
policy. That country is filling up very rapidly,
and unless the public lands are surveyed and
titles given there will be very great inconven-
ience and suffering. I have no doubt there
should be a surveyor general's office established
there, and that the Government, instead of
losing by an appropriation to sustain such an
office, would make money by it. For the titles
of land would be the more readily determined,
and settlers would begin to pay taxes on the
land, while those locating on uncertain land,
the title not being conveyed to them,_ cannot
pay taxes, and a great deal of contention will
arise, which will lead to extreme perplexity and
great loss to the General Government.
I have no doubt that the Commissioner of
the General Land Office thinks that he is act-
ing liberally in this matter; but if he had the
acquaintance with thafrsection of country which
some of us have, he would at once see the pro-
priety of being more liberal in regard to sur-
veys.
A few days ago I introduced a bill here for
the purpose of authorizing the surveyor gen-
eral to change the mode of surveying so that
the small valleys and other sections of the
country may be surveyed separately and apart
from the general surveys.
That bill will come up, and let me say here
that I hope it will pass. The necessities of
that country and the interests of the General
Government require that that shall be done in
order that the lands may be surveyed at as early
a period as possible, and settlers may get their
right to their lands and begin to pay some-
thing into the Treasury as tax-payers. Hence
I sustain the amendment of the gentleman
asking a larger appropriation, on the ground
that the necessities of that country are rapidly
undergoing a change. If wo pursue the same
policy that has been pursued heretofore, when
there was little or no emigration to that coun-
try, it is a policy that cannot subserve the pub-
lic interests nor the welfare of the inhabitants.
There is one point which I would wish to
impress upon the minds of the committee, and
that is, that the policy in regard to these lands
will have to be changed soon, or there will be
a loss to the Government.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I renew the
amendment for the purpose of making a single
remark.' 1 presume that the office of surveyor
general of Dakota cannot be sustained with-
out the amount provided for in this bill. I sup-
pose that, six thousand and odd dollars is needed
for the purpose of keeping up that single office.
I am in favor of creating a surveyor general's
district in Montana, but even if that is done,
provision can be made in that bill for the pur-
pose of maintaining the office in that depart-
ment, and I can see no necessity for either
diminishing or increasing this appropriation.
1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It was for that
reason that I withdrew my amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
bill by striking outin line five hundred and nine-
teen the word "ten" and inserting "fifteen"
in lieu thereof; so that the clause will read :
Forrentof surveyor general's office in Oregon, fuel,
boolis, stationery, and other incidental expenses,
including pay of messenger, $1,500.
I have only a word or two to say in regard
to that amendment. I am well acquainted with
this office, and I know that heretofore the ap-
propriation has been so scanty and meager that
the office has had to be kept in a house of most
unsuitable character. The sum of $l,f>00
would be Very properly and righteously ex-
pended in securing a good house and proper
furniture for that office. We all know that
$1,000 would be barely sufficient to employ a
messenger, much less to provide for house
rent, fuel, stationery, and all those item's.
It is very likely that the Commissioner thinks
this sum enough, but if you could see the scanty
and mean accommodations at this office, you
would not think for one moment that that sum
would suffice for office rent, fuel, stationery,
the pay of a messenger, and all these things.
I should have asked for $2,000 if the gen-
tleman had not said that this is the recommen-
dation of the Commissioner. In view of that
fact, I will only ask that the amount be in-
creased to SI ,500.
Mr. STEVENS. I should be very glad to
give to Oregon all that we can. But last year
we only appropriated $700 for this purpose.
This year the Department asks for an increase
of $300 and we have allowed that. I hope our
friend from Oregon will not press the good
nature of the House too far.
Mr. HENDERSON. X have said that the
amountof the appropriation heretofore haabeett
very meager, and the accommodations at this
office very miserable. I am well satisfied that
if you could look at this office and see the. pov-
erty and inconvenience of the accommodations
there you would not for one moment think of
cuttingthe appropriation down to $1,000. Here-
tofore the people, in their patriotism, have sub-
mitted to be screwed down, and have not wished
to worry the Government; they have done as
well as they could. But let me add that the
increase of business in that office has been very
great. That country is settling up very rapid-
ly ; a gr^it deal more surveying will have to
be done, and a great deal more labor is neces-
sary. I hope the committee will grant the small
advance on this appropriation which I ask.
Mr. STEVENS. We have not cut down this
appropriation at all; we have rather raised it.
But the poverty of the gentleman's constit-
uency has been presented by him with so much
force that I am almost persuaded to vote for
his amendment myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. Let us vote it in.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; we will be all
the better-natured for it for the rest of the ses-
sion. [Laughter.]
Mr. BID WELL.* I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Several Members. Agreed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
of the committee to go back to a paragraph in
which there should be an amendment. The
paragraph is as follows:
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme Court
and district courts of the United States, inciudingthe
District of Columbia, and also for jurors and wit-
nesses, m aid of funds arising from fines; penalties,
and forfeitures in the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867. and previous years, and likewise for defraying
the expenses of suits in which the United States are
concerned, and of prosecutions for offenses committed
against the United States, and for the safe-lcoeping
of prisoners, in addition to the unexpended balances
of appropriations to the credit of the judiciary fund
on J unc 30,1866, required to meet the expenses of tho
courts being reestablished in the southern States, so
much of the act of March 2, 18(55, Laws, page 452,
carrying said unexpended balances of appropriations
into the Treasury being, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
1 move to amend by adding "$300,000."
The appropriation is not carried out in the
paragraph as printed in the bill. My amend-
ment is for that purpose only.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON, There is a similar error in
one of the clauses of the paragraph relating to
tho Court of Claims. I had made a note of it
in the bill I have, but it was read when I was
absent from my seat. The clause is as follows :
For payment of judgments which may bo rendered
by the court m favor of claimants, $300,000.
I move to amend by inserting after the word
"claimants" the words "in addition to the
unexpended balance of the appropriation for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. There is also a mistake
in one of the paragraphs on page 15 of the
bill, relating to the contingent expenses of the
Treasury Department. 1 did not. happen to
be in my seat when that paragraph was read.
The paragraph is as follows :
For compensation of temporary clerks in the Treas-
ury Department, and for additional compensation to
clerksm same Department, $160,000; Provided, lhat
the temporary cleiks herein provided for may be
classified according to the character of their services:
And provided further, That so much of the appropri-
ation of $250,000 granted by the act of March L
for compensation to temporary clcrks m the treas-
ury Department, and for additional compensation to
clerks in same Department, as remains unexpended
shall be divided as follows, to wit: $100 shall be paid
fo each of the employes m said Department whoso
pav amounts to less than $1,000 per annum, and tho
residue thereof shall be divided per capita to and
among all the clerks in said Department of the farst
and second classes.
The words ' 'one thousand'' shouklbe stricken
out, and the words "twelve hundred-' inserted
in their place. We had^ agreed upon that in
the committee, but by mistake it was not in-
