THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
eertodin the bill. The lowest class clerks re-
ceive $1,200 a year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following paragraph:
For purchase of cereal, vegetable, and flower seeds,
and for labor in putting up seeds, seed bags, and mis-
cellaneous items, $>0,000.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out " $G0,000," and inserting
"$80,000." I do this mainly for the purpose
of obtaining some information from the Agricul-
tural Committee as to the necessity of this very
large appropriation for the purposes named.' I
am aware that we get quite a quantity«of seeds;
but a large proportion of those which I obtain
from the Agricultural Bureau are of very in-
ferior quality, and I am pretty confident that a
large sum of money is unnecessarily expended
in the purchase of seeds; that the benefits to the
country derived from that appropriation are not
what they should be. I hope that the Commit-
tee on Agriculture will be able to give us some
information on that subject; or if they cannot,
I trust we shall obtain it from the Committee
on Appropriations.
SIGHT SESSIONS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of.Illinois. I do* not
rise to discuss the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Hcbbard,] but to make a
suggestion to my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] By an order of the House,
if we go on till half past four o'clock, without
some special action on the subject, wo must
have a night session. I would suggest to him
to consent that the committee now rise, sus-
pend that order for to-day, and then, by sit-
ting here till five or half past five o'clock, we
can get through this bill in Committee of the
Whole, and that will be much better than
coming back here again to-night. If that sug-
gestion meets with the concurrence of my friend
from Pennsylvania, 1 will move that the com-
mittee now rise for the purpose of suspending
the order for night sessions for to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. If the committee will
agree to it I have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that (he committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Coxkling re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the spe-
cial order, being Itousc bill No. 213, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 80th of June, 18G7, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that the order directing a recess to be taken by
the House from half past four to half Dast seven
p. m. be suspended for to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. RAYMOND asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for his colleague, Mr.
Darlixg.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T now move
that the rules bo suspended, and the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the special order.
Mr. ROSS moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 24, noes 08.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Wasiiburxe, of Illinois,
was then agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Coxkxixg in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 21?, making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
of Jane. 1867.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing amendment of Mr. Hubbard, of Iowa:
Strike out In line seven hundred and seventy-five
the word " sixty" and insert in lieu thereof " thirty,"
so that the paragraph will read:
For purchase of cereal, vegetable, and flowerseeds,
and for labor in putting up seeds, seed bags, and mis-
cellaneous items, $30,000.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. We reserve the right to have
a vote on that in the House; otherwise we
would insist on a count now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
as follows:
Strike out in line seven hundred and seventy-three
the words "and flower," and insert after the word
"cereal" the word "and;" so that the clause will
read:
For purchase of cereal and vegetable seeds, and for
labor in putting up seeds, seed bags, and miscella-
neous items, $60,000.
Mr. Chairman, I think the country will not
suffer at all if these words be stricken out, so
that the Commissioner of Agriculture shall be
allowed no discretion to purchase flower seeds.
I am sure my constituents will not suffer, and
I do not think those of any other gentleman
will.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I de-
sire to state to my friend from Illinois and to
the House that I propose to offer, under the
instruction of the Committee on Agriculture,
an amendment to this section, which I desire
the Clerk to read now, that gentlemen may
understand the object.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will
be read for information.
The Clerk read, as follows:
At the end of line seven hundred and seventy-five
add the following proviso:
Provided, That the Commissioner of Agriculture
shall only purchase and distribute, with the hind
herein appropriated for that purpose, such seeds as
are rare and uncommon to the country, or such as
can bo made more profitable by frequent changes
from one part of our o\Vn country to another.
_Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think that
will help the matter much, for it still leaves it
in the discretion of the Commissioner to deter-
mine whether seeds will be more profitable by
transmitting them from one part of the country
to another.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Well,
he knows.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He may determine
that seeds raised in the vicinity of Philadel-
phia will be of great advantage to the people
of Illinois, and may purchase them at ten or
twenty dollars per bushel to distribute, when
we have seeds equally good at home.
I insist on my amendment to strike out the
flower seeds. The country will not suffer much
if wo put an end to the distribution of sun-
flowers, mignonettes, hollyhocks, sweet-wil-
liams, etc. ; and certainly members of Congress
will be relieved from a great deal of trouble
which they now experience in putting these
seeds into envelopes and sending them to their
homes. For my part 1 think that I never sent
to the State of Illinois a flower seed that grew,
either on account of the quality of the soil or
the quality of the seed; and as the soil is gen-
erally regarded as good by the people who live
there, I think the difficulty must be with the
seed.
The bill appropriates about $150,000 for the
support of this Agricultural Bureau ; and in my
opinion it is, with one or two exceptions, the
greatest stealing bureau in this Government.
I believe that, as it is at present conducted,
the country receives less benefit from it in pro-
portion to the amount of money expended than
it does from any other bureau under the Gov-
ernment. It seems to me a waste of money for
us to appropriate year after year these vast
sums to maintain this Bureau of Agriculture
which is so utterly useless and unprofitable to
the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. If this bureau is utterly
useless, why not bring in a bill to abolish it?
Why not test in that way before the House and
the country the question whether or not an
Agricultural Bureau should exist in this great
nation ? Every year we hear this attack made
upon the Bureau of Agriculture. Sometimes
members do not like one man who is in that
Department and sometimes they do not like
another. _ Sometimes the Commissioner will
not appoint my friend ; sometimes he will not
appoint another member's friend. I do not like
it, because he has not appointed anybody that
I wanted there. [Laughter. ]
But if you abolish this bureau, you abolish
what the people care more for than for all the
other bureaus in this Government. My con-
stituents eare more about the Agricultural Bu-
reau than they do for all the other bureaus put
together; and all the publications emanating
from that bureau they read with more pleasure
than anything else except the Bible. But, sir, the
demand for the Agricultural Reports in my dis-
trict is immense. I cannot get half enough of
them, even with what I can borrow from my
friends who, like the gentleman from Illinois,
do not read them. [Laughter.]
As to this particular item of flowers, I know
up in his country nature has given them so
many flowers they do not ask or care for any
from us.' They have them the brightest in the
world, and they do not care for any from any
other quarter. It is not the same with most
of us. It is not the same, I know, with my
friend from Maine.
Mr. BLA.TNE. I will say, of all the seeds
distributed the flower seeds alone are accepta-
ble to me.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman under-
stands what the sexes want—not merely the
rougher sex. [Laughter.] There is a rough
country wlfere the people eare for nothing but
rough things; but flower seeds are more to be
relied upon by those who desire to come back
here. It is the best thing they can send for
that purpose. I think we had better do as we
always have done, stand by the Agricultural
Bureau and vote the appropriation, or abolish
the whole thing.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has no doubt
made the calculation, and I should like him
to tell us how much it costs for each one of us
for the seeds that we get?
Mr. STEVENS. I think it costs about four
cents. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. According to my arithmetic,
the seeds each one of us gets cost, according
to the appropriations, about four hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman include
wheat in that?
Mr. DAWES. All seeds.
Mr. STEVENS. I admit where no wheat
grows theydo not get their full share. [Laugh-
ter.] In our country wo secure the full benefit
of that sent to us.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What kind of wheat
has been introduced that we did not have
before ?
Mr. STEVENS. Every year a new kind of
wheat is sent into my district, and there is noth-
ing the farmers of Lancaster connty so much
value as these seeds. It enables them to change
their seed. You know that breeding in and in
makes fools. [Laughter.] ^
Mr. BID WELL. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
state that the Committee on Agriculture have
given this subject such attention as it was in
their power to do to ascertain whether the
amount of money asked to be appropriated for
the distribution of seeds was too great, and the
result of thieir investigation was, if the appro-
priation was not for the purchase and distribu-
tion of such seeds as we have now in all the
seed stores of the country, the amount would
not be too much. We took into consideration
the fact that there were many loyal people in
the southern States who wanted seed, and that
it would be promoting the agricultural interest
of the country to distribute it to them. There-
fore, this additional appropriation asked for,
amounting to $9,000, in view of all these cir-
cumstances, wo believed would not bo too much.
In regard to abolishing the Agricultural De-
partment, I beg leave to enter my protest.
Agriculture is the foundation of this Govern-
