440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEL
January 26,
But tie Senator from Maryland next proceeds
to argue that these States cannot be destroyed,
and tliattheir prerogatives cannot be destroyed,
-because a great deal of our legislation still rec-
ognizes them as States, and he goes on to cite
statute after statute which he^insists recognizes
those communities as existing States. I am
bound to say that upon this point he made a
very strong case ; but I do not think he made
go strong a case as he might have made. If he
had prosecuted his inquiries still further he
would have found, not only the statutes which
he has cited here, but he would have found
other statutes upon our law-books which ex-
pressly and explicitly declare that the most of
those communities are States; that Arkansas is
a State; that Texas is a State; that Louisiana,
Mississippi, and Alabama are States. If ho had
gone further in the investigation he would have
ascertained that two years ago, I think, or three
years ago, I myself voted to admit representa-
tives from Arkansas upon this floor, upon the
ground that our statutes still declared Arkansas
to be a State, and I thought the Senate of the
United Slates could not ignore that statute.
But, sir, I propose legislation ; that i3 what
this resolution calls for; and you cannot bar
the exercise of the legislative powers of Con-
gress simply by an act of legislation. If your
statute-books up to this year contained nothing
but statutes proclaiming Arkansas to be a State,
that of iiself would not prevent this Congress
from enacting a law declaring that Arkansas was
not a State and creating a provisional govern-
ment for it. There might be rights vested un-
der those acts which we ought not, and perhaps
could not, takeaway: but all the rights which
those acts have conferred upon those commu-
nities, I say, they have themselves abjured, and
there is nothing left but. our bare declaration
which recognizes them as Slates. 1 thought that
the Senate, in passing upon the question of the
admission of Senators from these States, ought
not have ignored those statutes; but 1 said then
that Congress could repeal them, and Congress
ought to repeal them, in my judgment; I think
so still; and upon that ground I voted to admit
those representatives from Arkansas upon this
floor. 1 believe the Senator from Maryland
voted to exclude them. If helield Arkansas to
bo a State, 1 would be curious to know upon
what ground he could justify his vote to exclude
them from this Senate. If the Constitution
gives to a State any right whatever, il is a right
to be represented in this body by {wo repre-
sentatives. It is a right given to every State.
Wherever you findanAmeriean Stale, it has the
right to send two representatives to this Senate.
The Senate is composed of two members from
each Stale, chosen by the Legislatures of the
different States.
If the Senator said then, or says now, that
Arkansas was I hen a State, I cannot conceive
upon what ground he can juslifv his vote ex-
cluding her representatives. What reason was
there? Perhaps all the people of Arkansas did
not parlicipale in the eleel ion of (he Legislature
which chose those Senators. Why did they not
participate in it? Because they would not;
because they were in rebellion. The Senalors
chosen represented, nobody doubled, the. loyal
people of the State of Arkansas. What reason
was there, therefore, for excluding those Sen-
ators from their seats here, except that they did
not represent the men who were lighting against
the flag of the United States? 1 thought that
that small portion of Arkansas ought, not to be
treated as the State of Arkansas, and I thought
the Legislature ought to relieve the Senate, to
relieve the House of Representatives, to relieve
the President, to relieve every branch and a gon-
cy of the Government from the necessity of re-
specting that small portion of the people as the
State of Arkansas; but until we were relieved T
did not think I was authorized to ignore these
statutes; so I voted for their admission.
And so upon the same ground precisely I
voted to count the_ electoral vote given by Ar-
kansas and Louisiana and Tennessee in the
choice of President and Vice President. 1
thought if they were States they had the right
to vote for President of the United States. If
a State has not the right to vote for President
what right has she? If that right be not une-
quivocally conferred by the Constitution, there
is no right given to a State. And yet, 1 think,
the Senator from Maryland voted to deny each
of those communities the right to vote for Pres-
ident and Yice President.
I do not concede that all the statutes cited
by the Senator from Maryland recognize those
communities as States by any manner of means.
Some of them I think do, especially some of
those cited from the legislation of 1851 and 1802.
But the Senator parades one argument before
the Senate that seemed to me not quite sincere.
However, I ought not to say that he did not
mean it to be. sinccre. He parades a procla-
mation issued by the President of the United
States in 1801, in which, under the instruction
of an act of Congress, the people were invited
to pray for the reestablishmeut of law, order,
and peace throughout the whole extent of our
country, and because the people were invited,
in 1801, by the President of the United Slates
to pray for the reestablishment of law, order,
and peace throughout the whole extent of our
country, he thinks the Congress of the United
States is precluded from insisting that those
men who wore destroying the peace and order
of the country had forfeited the prerogatives
which, under the Constitution, are given only
to loyal States. 1 believe that prayer was offered
up sincerely, and I believe it has been answered.
The Almighty has aided us in bringing the
country so far toward peace ; in bringing the
country to peace if we have it. The war is
ended, was ended months since; order has not
yet come, but order is within our reach. If we
are only as brave and as honest as the Army
lias been ; if we whose business it is to seek
order, to invoke order, are only as firm as were
those men whose business it was to command
peace, the work will be completed. I think
those prayers were answered. I think if the
Almighly ever aided any country He has aided
this. He did not, to be sure, raise up children
out of the stones unto the liepublic. but Ho
did enable us to raise almost two hundred
thousand children out of things for the Republic,
and they served the Kopublic in bringing about
this peace. Having answered our prayers in
that most, signal manner, I do not think we
ought to fling the victory back in llis face, or
trample down the children lie raised up for our
use into the dusl again.
Bui. sir. there is another difficulty in the way
of this resolution suggested by the, Senator from
Maryland. There is a statute on your books
which authorizes the judges of the Supreme
Court to partition the country into judicial cir-
cuits and to allot the judges ot the court to those
several circuits, and they have done it, and hav-
ing apportioned these lately rebellious districts
i into circuits in accordance with the prousions
I of those laws, the Senator thinks we must
j regard them ns States because only States are
included in such eiie.uils. Why, sir, they have
j been in such ciicuits ever since the war com-
menced; they have been included under these
allotments in such circuits. No courts have
j been held there. It is not absolutely essential,
! I take it, to the existence of tho Government
that courts should be held there. They are
| held in no Territories; they are held nowhere
i except where there are existing States which
| allow them to he held; and vet no law is vio-
; hited by us, no law is disregarded by us ; it is
their fault that the judges have not. been al-
lowed to go there. The tenure of the judges
is not affected by the, fact that they cannot hold
circuits. They still contiuue to be judges of
the Suprem c Court, whether they ever take their
seat on the bench of a circuit court, or try a case
at nisi prius in their lives or not; and il'is only
the Supreme Court which is created by the Con-
slit ntion. The other courts are the creatures
of law.
The Senator says that district judges have
been appointed for some of these districts, and
he accuses me of having voted for their confir-
mation. I really cannot say that I never did
vote for the confirmation of one of those judges.
I should be very sorry, however, to have it
proved upon me. A great many confirmations
have been made, I suppose, while I was silting
in my seat here, and which 1 must be consid-
ered as having voted for, and yet to which I
never did give any intelligent assent; and I
never did give any intelligent assent to the con-
firmation of a judge of a district court within
any one of those districts. 1 never meant that
a judge should bo confirmed to any one of those
districts without raising a question upon them.
But the fact that such appointments have been
made and have been confirmed is no embar-
rassmeutto the Legislature. These courtsthem-
selves are the creatures of the Legislature. The
Senator says that their terms exist during life
or good behavior. I think they will not outlast
the courts in which they are commissioned, and
Congress can abolish to-day or to-morrow, if it
sees fit to do so, every one of those districts,
and the terms of every one of those judges would
expire upon the approval of the act by the
President.
The Senator next takes exception to a prop-
osition of mine, which I stated almost as much
as a physiological truth as a constitutional one,
that the suspension of the functions of a man
or of a State was death. Ho controverts the
truth of that proposition. It is so unimportant
to the argument of this question that I should
let the controversy drop as it stands but for his
having cited an authority against il. lie finds
in the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States what he considers and what he
lays before the Senate as an authority contra-
dicting this proposition; and what is that?
During a war between this country and Great
Britain our enemies took possession of the east-
ern part of the State of Maine and held posses-
sion of it. The Supreme Court said that during
the time they held possession of it the authority
of the G-overnment of the United States was
suspended in that portion of the State ; and yet
he finds as a fact that after the power of tho
enemy was withdrawn, after they evacuated Gas-
tine and all the country to tho east of Castine,
there was no legislation required to reannex the
eastern portion of Maine to the United States.
The case does not seem to me lo be precisely in
point. I never supposed ihat the paralysis of a
limb, tho imposition of external force upon any
one of the faculties or organs of a man, or of a
political community, would necessarily result
in death. The proposition which I'made was a
proposition which I drew from the message of
the President of the United Stat es, I hat, th e func-
tions of these States were suspended—not one
of them, but all of them. And that was true ;
they were. There was not a single function of a
State in action; there was not volition there;
there was not even the desire to lie a State.
Everything which goes to make up the identity
of a State was gone, except that there, were peo-
ple and land there; but every power that they
excited, every authority they claimed, was ill
direct defiance of the Constitution o f the United
States.
Mr. President, it seems to me that among
lawyers this question of power ought, not to be
a controverted point. It seems to me that by
one little simple consideration it ought lo be
placed beyond dispute. Let us test it. We all
admit.—everybody says—that, every department
of this Government of the United States, tho
Congress; the President, the courts, and every
department of the government of the States, is
j limited and circumscribed by a supreme law.
| What do we mean by that ? We mean that
j whenever any one of these agencies, any one
! of these tribunals exerts a power which is out-
1 side the limits prescribed to it by the Constitu-
tion, that act is null and void. Whoever does
it gets no protection in doing it. There M some
other department of Government which can
administer the proper correction. A State, the
Constitution says, cannot, make anything but
gold and silver a tender in the payment of debts;
but suppose the Legislature of a State declares
bank bills to be a legal tender ; that, act is null
and void, and the judicial power of the United
