24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
lleport of the Secretary of the Navy.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
by steam has developed and may require. They
will constitute, ill reality, a highly educated and
scientific corps, and the line officers will have
added to their duties the practical manage-
ment of the engines.
LOCATION OF THE NAVAL ACADEMY.
The Naval Academy, which at the begin-
ning of the rebellion was removed to Newport,
Rhode Island, was. in conformity with the act
of Congress, retransferred to Annapolis in Sep-
tember last. Commodore Blake, who was
Superintendent in 1861, continued in charge of
the School so long as it remained at Newport.
On the return of the School to Annapolis,
Rear Admiral Porter was appointed Superin-
tendent, and, under his immediate supervision,
tlie academic buildings and grounds, wliichhad
been seriously impaired while occupied for mili-
tary purposes, were prepared and made ready
for the reception of the midshipmen and aca-
demic staff.
Many inconveniences attended the temporary
sojourn at Newport; yet when the uncertain
and unsettled state of affairs is taken into con-
sideration. the selection of that place for the
purpose required was perhaps fortunate.
'I he academic grounds belonging to the Gov-
ernment at Annapolis include only twenty-one
acres, and are wholly insufficient for the School.
Their situation in the heart of a city also sub-
jects the youths to temptations, from which, at
that period of life, it is desirable they should
be removed. When the School was originally
established at Fort Severn, the inconveniences
and objections thatnow present themselves may
not have been experienced; but, in the present
and prospective condition of our naval power,
the idea of permanently establishing a national
institution of this character on these restricted
grounds, where large expenditures must be
made in public edifices and buildings and va-
rious improvements, cannot be seriously enter-
tained by any who shall give the subject candid
and deliberate consideration. There are over
thirteen hundred acres connected with the Mil-
itary Academy at West, Point, and there should
not bo a less area for the Naval School.
In order that there may be suitable and
appropriate accommodations at the Academy,
much is to be done and a large expenditure of
money is_to be made. The School was origi-
nally designed for one hundred and eighty mid-
shipmen, with the necessary officers, profess-
ors, and instructors; but the number has been
increased, until there are now authorized by law
five hundred and sixty-six midshipmen, with a
corresponding increase of the academic staff.
There are but ninety-six rooms in the present
quarters of the midshipmen, and each room is
intended for two occupants. The buildings are
defective in many respects, and were originally
hastily and imperfectly constructed.
Commodore Blake, the lateinjtelligentSuper-
intendent, in a carefully prepared statement,
estimates the cost of the buildings and im-
provements which will be required at Annap-
olis, in order to make the institution accept-
able and worthy of the country, at $800,000.
I do not question that this amount, and even a
much larger sum, must be ultimately appropri-
ated for the Academy; but it cannot be con-
sidered wise or expedient to make this invest-
ment within the narrow and confined area which
the Government possesses at Annapolis. No
amount of money which Congress may expend
in buildings and improvements at that location
will be satisfactory, and at no distant day a dif-
ferent and better site will be procured. This
should not be delayed. True economy and the
best interests of the Government prompt an im-
mediate selection of the best position that can
be obtained before any greater expense shall
have been incurred in large and costly edifices
and other substantial improvements.
The importance of procuring at the begin-
ning, and before making further outlay, the best
.attainable location for the Academy, is worthy
the serious attention of Congress.
There are several places on the shores of
Chesapeake bay where ample grounds can be
procured at moderate rates—places which com-
bine all the required advantages, and which are
relieved from the serious and insurmountable
difficulties which attach to the present location.
The Government can there possess itself of am-
ple area, not only for permanent structures,
but for such other arrangements as a national
Naval A cademy may require, which willbe alike
creditable and useful to the country, an honor
to the Government, and as endurable as the
U nion itself. Instead of expending more money
in attempts to improve the limited grounds now
occupied, I would recommend a new site, one
that shall embrace, if possible, an area of at
least two thousand acres; which shall not be in
the immediate neighborhood of any city, with
its temptations; which shall have the requisites
of healthfulness, accessibility, ample water
front, and space for managing vessels and fleets
of boats; good anchorage, with sufficient depth
of water, and such proximity to the ocean as
circumstances permit, yet inside the lines of
permanent defense.
_ The views of Congress and of the country in-
dicate, wisely in my opinion, a preference for
this latitude, where a winter climate will allow
out-door exercise on board school-ships aloft,
boat-sailing, maneuvering vessels, and other
nautical instruction, as a proper location for a
Naval^ Academy. Some necessary preliminary
inquiries have already been instituted with a
view of ascertaining the most eligible locations
on the Chesapeake, the result of which is that
there are several sites which are in all essential
respects preferable to that of Annapolis, and
where ample grounds can be procured. I would
therefore recommend that the Department be
authorized to secure as soon as possible the
refusal, at a reasonable price, of one or more
eligible sites for a Naval Academy, embracing
an area of not less than two thousand acres.
PAT IN STAVY-YARDS.
In order to regulate the pay of workmen in
the public service, always a difficult matter of
adjustment, the laws of December 21, 1801, and
of July 10, 1862, were enacted, directing that
"the hours of laborand the rate of wages of the
employes in the navy-yards shall conform, as
nearly as is consistent with the public interest,
with_ those of private establishments in the im-
mediate vicinity of the respective yards, to be
determined by the commandants of the navy-
yards, subject to the approval and revision of
the Secretary of the Navy."
The operation of the rule thus sought to be
established has been satisfactory neither to the
men employed nor to the Government, but, on
the contrary, an unceasing source of disturbance
and discontent. Committees have been ap-
pointed bimonthly at each of the yards to as-
certain the rates of wages paid to similar classes
of workmen in private establishments, butithas
been found difficult to obtain reliable data on
this subject. Some parties decline to furnish
the information sought, while others give imper-
fect statements. When, after inquiry and in-
vestigation, a scale is adoj") ted, having in view the
interests and rights of both the Governmentand
the laborers, there is dissatisfaction, especially
if in the fluctuation of the currency, or of supply
and demand, there has been a reduction, and
the workmen, by visiting the different private
establishments, are enabled to procure from
some of them certificates that higher wages are
paid in some instances than the rates adopted
at the yard. These certificates do not state the
numberorproportion of men employed at these
high rates, or whether these prices are paid to
all of that class in Such establishment. If, on
inquiry, it is ascertained that only one or two
men of unusual capability receive these high
prices, and that those authorized by the Govern-
ment are fair average rates, the explanation fails
to give satisfaction, for the evidence is produced
that higher wages than those on the Government
scale are paid in private establishments in the
vicinity. The impression that there is some un-
fairness is engendered, complaints and strikes
follow or are threatened, vigilant officers who
are faithful to the Government become obnox-
ious, and discontent prevails. I would, there-
fore, recommend that the acts referred to be
repealed.
NAVY-YARD ABUSES, ETC.
The lessons of experience will have been
lost as regards,the labor employed in the con-
struction of our public ships, and the teachings
of this war in a great .measure thrown away,
should we fail to make thorough and essential
changes in the organization and management
of our navy-yards. There has been undoubt-
edly a defective administration of the yards,
and a want of proper responsibility pervades
the whole system. Much that is wrong has its
origin, without doubt, in the partisan charac-
ter which has been fostered for years in those
establishments, where thousands of workmen
are employed. Men are often pressed for posi-
tions in the navy-yards, not so much for their
mechanical skill, industry, and fidelity to the
public service, as for supposed or anticipated
partisan services in behalf of some active pol-
itician or party. Having obtained positions
through such influences, the appointees them-
selves, in the selection of wornraen, are gov-
erned by similar considerations. The navy-
yards, by these means, became crowded with
political partisans, many of whom, I appre-
hend, were not skillful mechanics, to the detri-
ment of the public interests. When elections
approach, a system of assessments appear to
have been applied, by which the workmen were
taxed by irresponsible committee-men for al-
leged party purposes. Thus the supervising
officers took upon themselves, or had imposed
upon them, the duty of tax-gatherers for elec-
tioneering objects. I understand that the
amounts thus collected in navy-yards and else-
where from Government officers and work-
men have been large. How the money thus
collected was applied or disposed of is un-
certain,^ for it was without accountability.
This evil has been confined to no party. I
have, on its being brought in an authentic form
to my notice, issued, under your direction, or-
ders to prevent these party assessments and
collections in the navy-yards. I have also
introduced other regulations intended to check
existing abuses. Whether legal prohibitions
ought not to be instituted to prevent an evil so
demoralizing and baneful is submitted for con-
sideration.
A very considerable reduction in the number
of master-workmen has been made, and changes
have been introduced in regard to others which
will, I am confident, have a salutary influence.
Hereafter the several candidates for the posi-
tion of master will be examined, and the ap-
pointments made without regard to locality.
Some improvements in the system of ac-
counts have also been introduced, and will be
still further extended.
JfAVY AGEXTS.
The system of supplying the navy-yards un-
der what is called_ "open purchase" by Navy
agents has been discontinued, and paymasters
have been ordered hereafter to make these pur-
chases. The office of Navy agent was super-
fluous, and had become worse than useless.
The system of purchasing on a percentage,
limited in the amount which the agent should
rcceive, led to corruption and abuse, which
enriched those who chose to participate in such
practices, demoralized those who held the office
of Navy agent, tended to corrupt the subordi-
nates in the navy-yards and those who furnished
articles under these purchases, discouraged and
drove away honest dealers, and finally led to
attempts to cover the tracks of guilt by techni-
calities of law, which may perhaps arrest the
arm of justice, but cannot suppress the righteous
judgment of an honest public opinion.
_ To open to the light abuses sanctioned by
time, and concealed and protected by those who
