1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8425
had to travel through soft, shifting soil, and to cross
running-streams; wo have hadthemsunk up to their
tenders in soft places, but have never had them yet
stuck fast, nor in any difficulty out of which they
could not extricate thomselves without aid and with-
out breakage."
Experiments with engines of this sort have
been made in this country. I have hero the
testimony of seicntific men who witnessed such
an experiment in Brooklyn. They declare their
entire confidence in the practicability of the
traction engines as a means of transportation.
From among the numerous letters before me,
I will detain the House by reading only the
following:
Health Officers' Department,
Quarantine. States Island, February 10,1564.
My Dear Sir : It affords mo great pleasure to state
that on the 4th of December, 1803, I attended an ex-
hibition of your "steam, horse" on Do lvalb avenue,
in tUo city of Brooklyn, and was exceedingly grati-
fied with its performance. I must confess that I was
very skeptical as to the practicability of your inven-
tion until I witnessed this exhibition.
All doubts, however, have vanished, and I feel
assured that you have attained what, if piosecutcd
to completion, is calculated to bo of immense value
to the world, and of untold wealth to yourself and
friends who have aided you in carrying out your
enterprise. I have entire confidence in your ulti-
mate success, and I assure you that if I had the
means at my command very little time would be lo&t
in completing your machine and setting; it to work,
either in plowing or in traveling over our western
plnins.
As it may be of some assistance to you in inducing:
others, who have the means, to assist you in perfect-
ing your machine, and carrying out your contem-
plated enterprise, I will state what I saw the ma-
chine do.
i saw it travel over an ordinary road in the sub-
urbs of the city of Brooklyn, with portions of the run-
ning gear in an incomplete condition, with a very
interior quality of fuel, and with an imperfect boiler
and blower, at the rateol certainly ten miles an hour.
I then saw you travel over a soft meadow, when the
fr< t was ju*t leaving the ground, at the same rate
of speed, and witnessed with peifect surpiise the
entire case with which > ou controlled the movements
of the machine among the eiowd, about as readilvas
a driver would an ordinary team of horses. I then
saw m>u hiteh on two blocks of granite, weighing not
le>s than eight or ten tuns, and travel oft with entire
oa^c ovei the soft ground, m which the wheels hank
about six or eight inches at about the speed of eight
or nine miles per hour, and at the same time direct-
ing your eour-e with a precision which perfectly as-
tonished all who witrn's^ed its performance, and not
a doubt was entertained of your entire success in your
enterprise by the many scientific gcntlomen who were
on the spot at the time.
ALEXANDER N. GUNN, M. D..
Health Ojjiccr, New York.
Jesse Frye, Esq.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that if there is
any reason to suppose that the vast desert
region to which I have referred can be trav-
ersed by steam, we shall do well to make this
grant of land and allow the experiment to be
made. If the company should fail they will
obtain no part of the land, and if they should
succeed they will receive no greater grant than
those which have horelolbre been made to aid
in the construction of ordinary wa^on roads in
various parts of the country.
Mr. TIIAYEH. I desire to ask the gentle-
man what reason there is why this bill .should
nut take the ordinary course. Why should it
not be referred for investigation to the appro-
priate standing committee of this House?
Mr. T HOW BRIDGE. 1 did not suppose
there would be any opposition after I stated
the object of the bill. As it is late in the ses-
sion I requested the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom it would naturally go, to ex-
amine it, and 1 understand they make no oppo-
sition to it. But the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands will state how this is.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to state to the House
that I have not waived any objection or any
right to object to the passage of this bill with-
out reference to the committee in the ordinary
way. This traction engine is something very
novel, and it seems to me it would be exceed-
ingly shipshod legislation to pass the bill with-
out-sending it to the committee, without that
consideration in the Committee on Public Lands
provided for by the rules of the House. If the
previous question be not seconded I shall move
the reference of the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the gentleman from
39th Con(J. 1st Sess.—No. 215.
Michigan will not under the circumstances press
the passage of the bill at this time.
Mr. JULIAN. I will state that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands will be called on Thurs-
day next.
Sir. TROWBRIDGE. The chairman of the
committee certainly said if some members of
the committee would examine this thoroughly
lie would make no objection to it. I am afraid
the reference of the bill to the committee at
this late period of the session will send it to
" the tomb of the Capulets."
Mr. THAYER. I hope the House will refuse
to transact business in this manner; that it will
refuse to second the call for the previous ques-
tion, and then refer the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I did agree, if the members
of the committee examined the bill and made
no objection to it, 1 myself would not make
any; but since then two or three members of
the committee have come to me and asked that
it should bo referred.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I demand the pre-
vious question in order to test the sense of the
House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I shall
be forced, if the gentleman will not allow a
reference to the appropriate committee, to
move that the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. TRO WBR1DGE. As it seems to be the
wish of the House, 1 will agree to the reference
of the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
I withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. T with-
draw my motion to lay on the table, and move
that the bill be reterred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
litis. ABliV CIIIEEV.
The SPEAKER next laid before the House
Senate joint resolution No. 112, for the relief
of Mrs. Abby Green; which was read a first
and second-time and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
POST-ltOAD BILL.
The next bill on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. .'!(>!!, to establish certain post
roads; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
STATU DEPARTMENT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 110, to authorize
the hiring of a building or buildings for the
temporary accommodation of the Department
of State; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask that the joint
resolution be put upon its passage. It au-
thorizes the Secretary of State to hire a suit-
able building or buildings for the temporary
accommodation of the Department.of State,
and that such sum of money, not exceeding
$50,000, as may be necessary toward defray-
ing the expense of such hiring, the transfer of
the public archives, and the fitting up of the
building or buildings, be appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated. It is necessary that it should pass
at once, as the Treasury Department, is .about
to be extended over the ground where the State
Department now stands.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I insist
that the joint resolution should first be consid-
ered by a committee.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. It has been consid-
ered by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and they recommend its passage. I
have the letter of the Secretary of State, to-
gether with his estimates for this temporary
occupation. I trust it will go through at once,
so that the work on the Treasury Department
may not longer be suspended.
Mr. RADFORD. Is there not room in the
new Tieasury building for the State Depart-
ment? I remember to have heard something
of this when 1 was a member of the committee
at the last session. Prom the information I
then received I was led to believe there was
room in the Treasury Department or in Win-
der's Building.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will state for the
benefit of my friends on the other side of the
House that the committee investigated this
subject at this session and came to the conclu-
sion this appropriation was necessary, as no
room could be provided for the State Depart-
ment in any of the public buildings. I will
state that the two Committees of the House
and Senate on Public Buildings and Grounds
have examined this question thoroughly, have
visited the Treasury Department and the State
Department, and have come to the conclusion
unanimously that there is no other way but to
provide a temporary building for the occupance
of the Department of State.
Mr. RADFORD. I would ask the gentle-
man if there arc not rooms already fitted up
in the Patent Oiliec building sufficient to ac-
commodate the Secretary of State?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I think not.
Mr. RADFORD. I think there were last
year, and I do not know that the building has
grown any smaller since then. I move to
amend the joint resolution by striking out
$50,000, and inserting in lieu thereof $25,000.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask tliat a letter
from the Secretary of State on this subject be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Dri' \.TCT\rrc>:T op State,
wasiunotov, June 14,18gs.
Sin: In reply to the inquiry contained in your no to
ot > esterday, I have the. honor to state that it will
ho (lifik-ult to estimate, with any exactness, what
amount will be neeessary to defray the expenses of
the contemplated removal of tins Department to
tempoiaiy building. Taking into consideration the
rent, tit [ ins? up ffenernlly, removing of arelnves, A'e.,
1 should think the sum of $30,000 would not lie an
overestimate for the first, year.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, United States Senate.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I did not yield for
the amendment of my friend from New York,
and I now demand the previous question.
Mr. RADFORD. Then 1 must move that
the joint resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will at least give us an opportunity to
vote on the amendment. I do not see why
the House should not have that opportunity.
Mr. RADFORD. All I ask is a vote on my
amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. All I can say is, that
this is the estimate of the Secretary of State,
and that the adoption of the amendment would
defeat the entire measure. If my friend from
Pennsylvania will go to the State Department
and see the vast accumulation of papers there,
including all our treaties with foreign nations,
he will see that they ought to be removed to
ft fire-proof building, or one that can be made
fire-proof. In my judgment the estimate of
the Secretary is within bounds, and if that
amount is not required it will not bo used.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has moved to lay the joint resolution on
the table, and that motion is not debatable.
Mr. RADFORD. I withdraw my motion
temporarily, and I hope the gentleman from
Maine will allow this subject to be debated
fully.
Mr. THAYER. We all know that if we
appropriate $50,000 that money will be spent;
whereas it will be the easiest thing in the
world, if the $25,000 should fall short, to put
the balance m the deficiency bill of next ses-
sion. I do not believe that it will require
$50,000 to provide temporary accommoda-
tions for one year. But if our views shall
turn out to be erroneous, it will be easy to
make up the deficiency hereafter. 1 am op-
posed to voting such large sums of money
without any better foundation than the loose
estimate which has been read to the House.
I hopo the House will insist on economy in
this matter.
