1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK
States can declare it so and can correct the
operation of the act. The President of the
United States is given the pardoniug power,
the power to pardon criminals. Suppose Con-
gress undertakes to pardon a man who is con-
victed of murder, or of treason, or of counter-
feiting, after he is sentenced by the courts, or
before he is sentenced; would the act of Con-
gress granting that pardon be a good plea in
bar; or if enacted after the man had been con-
victed, would it prevent the President of the
United States from executing that sentence
upon the criminal ? Clearly not. The Presi-
dent of the United States" has certain powers
given to him. Suppose he exercises powers
which are given to some other department of
the Government; suppose he undertakes to en-
act a law of any kind, is any other department
of the Government bound to respect that as a
law ? Clearly not; because he has no legisla-
tive powers.
The authority conferred upon a State by the
Constitution is limited 7 is circumscribed. When-
ever they act within those limits their acts are
to be respected; they are just as much the law
of the land, to be respected by all the United
States, as any law passed by the Congress of
the United States, within the purview of the
Constitution of the United States; but when
they step outside of it, whatever they do is void.
Suppose this Congress does organize a provis-
ional government for South Carolina. If it is
not a government then the Legislature that we
set up have no right to enact any laws; the
Governor whom we appoint has no right to
execute those laws; the judges can do nothing;
they are trespassers; everything that is done
under their authority is null and void ; it is a
mere trespass; and the citizen who is interfered
with by their authority may have his action be-
fore the courts for redress. Anybody who under-
takes to act by the authority of an illegal tri-
bunal is without protection. Suppose we set
up this provisional government, and they enact
a law which is claimed to interfere with the
rights of some citizen there; suppose he brings
an action in the courts averring that the act
was done without authority ; what will be the
judgment of the courts in such a case? Will
they undertake to say that that government,
which we authorized to be set up there as a
provisional government is not a government?
That was precisely the case that was raised in
Khode Island. There was an act done, a house
broken into and entered by the command of
those who claimed to be the government of
the State of Rhode Island. The defendant
claimed that another organization constituted
the government of Khode Island. He brought
his action which was to try the legality of that
government under which the act was done.
It came here to the Supreme Court of the
United States. They said, "That is a politi-
cal question; we cannot try it; the Congress
of the United States are and must be the judges
of what is the government of a State; they are
charged with the duty of sustaining and main-
taining those governments, and they must have
the right to decide what is and what is hot the
government.'' If, therefore, the provisional gov-
ernment which you organize forSouth_Carolina
or for Georgia is illegal and unconstitutional,
you see there is no possible redress for it; the
courts say it is for Congressto determine finally
and* conclusively what shall be the government,
for these people in the South, as much as it is
for the courts to determine what is the law in
a particular case as between citizen and citizen.
But, Mr. President, I wish to detain the Sen-
ate for a few moments while I make a brief ref-
erence to the remarks submitted by my col-
league. He also concludes that the authority %
the exercise of which I invoke, on the part ot
Congress to organize provisional governments
for these communities does not exist. His first
reason is that it is not in harmony with that plan
of reconstruction which he calls the Lincoln-
Johnson plan ; and the second teason is that it
is in barmonv with that plan ot reconstruction
which he ealis the Sumner plan. I regret that
my colleague is not in his scat at the present
time. There were some observations contained
in his speech to which I thought I ought to re-
ply, considering them as of a personal char-
acter. I thought it a little remarkable—and I
will say it although he is not in his seat—that
when he was speaking upon a resolution which
I had the honor to submit to the Senate my-
self, and apparently in reply to a speech I made
myself, and while he occupied, lthink, between
three and four hours in the discussion of that
resolution, he did not but once in that whole
time allude to it without coupling me with the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Whenever he referred to anything touching the
resolution, or the position presented byiihe res-
olution, it was " the position of the Senator from
Massachusetts and my colleague," to use the
language which was employed in that speech. It
did not seem to me that that was entirely in
good taste, and as he has now resumed his seat,
I beg leave to say that I thought I could have
demanded rather different treatment from his
courtesy. I did not see any sort of necessity,
I did not see any sort of propriety in the effort
to couple me constantly throughout that speech
with the Senator from Massachusetts. He knows
very well that in the State of Wisconsin, which
I have the honor in part to represent, I sus-
tain a very good character, and I really do not
think he ought to have attempted to break it
down by fastening upon me any such associa-
tions, [laughter;] but however, I think if the
Senator from Massachusetts can stand it, I can.
Sir, if I could not demand this immunity from
his courtesy, I think I could from his sense of
justice. It has happened to him to know very
well indeed in the course of the last ten years
that I am not in the habit of advocating views
because other gentlemen maintain them, but
only because I believe in them myself. If it
was my business, if it was my habit to defend
opinions because others avouched them, and
not because I believed them, I should not un-
dertake to peddle the opinions of the Senator
from Massachusetts; 1 should enter into the
employ of the President at once, because it pays
better. Such is not my habit. I introduced that
resolution—and I do not think my colleague
will find it copied from anybody else—because
T believed it stated the political truth which is
to solve the difficulties now surrounding the
country; and T advocated it as well as I could
in a speech, which I do not think my colleague
will find to have been copied from the Congres-
sional Globe or any other publication, because
it was the argument that occurred to me, and I
believed it.
But, sir, as to the matter of fact whether this
resolution is the Lincoln and Johnson theory
or the Sumner theory, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has not yet, I regret to say, indorsed
that resolution, nor anything that I said in sup-
port of it; and I suppose the Senator from
Massachusetts will claim the right, which under
the Constitution, as I understand it, belongs to
every Senator on this floor, to speak for himself.
If it should hereafter happen to receive his in-
dorsement. it will be very gratifying to me. If
I should lind that I had given utterance on this
floor to one sentiment which is approved by the
Senator from Massachusetts, it will be only a
small compensation for the great number of
living sentiments to which I have listened from
the Senator from Massachusetts, and which are
bound to live long after my colleague and my-
self shall have passed from this stage ol exist-
ence.
While, therefore, Mr. President, I sec no war-
rant in fact for the assertion of my colleague
that this is the theory of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, I deny that he is authorized to say
that it is opposed to what he calls the Lincoln
and Johnson policy. There are in that pream-
ble and resolution just four simple propositions.
Three of them are stated in the preamble by
way of postulates. One of them is, that the
functionsof these States are suspended. I took
that literally and rcrhatim from the message of
the President, or the United States. The second
is, that the time for restoring them has not yet
arrived, I did not take that literally from the
President of the United States. He has not
said it, but he has not affirmed to the contrary,
nor has my colleague; and I venture to say
that neither the President of the United States*,
nor my colleague, nor any man who calls hiiii-
self the supporter of the President of the United
States, will venture to stand here before the
American people and say that the time has come
for at once restoring to the people of those
districts the prerogatives and the functions of
States. I wait yet to hear the first man assert
that proposition. My colleague himself only
says that he thinks we should call them States
and begin to see whether we will let them act
as States; that we should call them States novr
and then see how far it will do to trust them to
exercise the prerogatives of States; take up the
cases of their Representatives and act upon
them, one by one, with as much deliberation
as we please. Sir, I want to say for myself that
if the Congress of the United States shall deter-
mine that these are States, I shall revert to the
Constitution of the United States as to what
they have a right to do. When you have de-
clared their character as States, when that is
their established condition, I shall say, for one,
they have a right to send Senators hero and
Representatives to the other House, and to
participate in the election of your President
and Vice President, because the Constitution
says so.
The third proposition contained in this
preamble is, that military governments, under
which the people in those States so-called have
been ever since their armies surrendered, are
unfit for the government of American society.
That proposition I drew directly from the mes-
sage of the President of the United States. I
supported it by an argument quoted at length,
verbatim, from his message.
The fourth proposition stands in the resolu-
tion itself, and it is but the natural, and, as it
seemed to me, the inevitable deduction from
the others. If the functions of those States arc
suspended, if the time has not yet come for
restoring them, and if military governments
are unsuited for their control, I see no alter-
native for us but, to organize provisional gov-
ernments for them. I thinly therefore, if I
were disposed to look about for some man to
stand godfather for this little resolution of mine,
I might honestly and fairly claim that the Pres-
ident of the United States _ should act in that
capacity. But I am not in search of a god-
father; the resolution is before the Senate; it
is for them to act upon; and when they have
acted upon it, is to be sent to the Ilonse for their
action. Unless the Congress of the United
States will stand godfather for it, let it drop,
as it ought. I want it sanctioned by nobody-
else. jSJo other tribunal known to our Consti-
tution and laws can give it any .sanction.
Mr. President, the speech submitted by my col-
league contains a great number of points upon
which I should like to comment, but it would
not answer to occupy tlic time of the Senate
for that purpose. Some of them, however, I
must mention. Considering that he is the rep-
resentative of the Union party, I thought it very
unfortunate that he should have taunted the
Senate and the Congress of the United States
with the passage of a resolution which he quotes
from the legislation of He says that im-
mediately after our humiliating reverse at Bull
Run:
" In that hour of defeat, when hnmblert before the
nations, and before the supreme ltulcr of the world,
Congress, almost unanimously 111 both Houses, de-
dared— . ^ ,
"'That this war is not prosecuted upon our part m
unv spirit ol* oppression, nor for anv purpose of con-
quest or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrown.!* or
interfering with the rights or established institutions
of those States, but to defend and maintain the su-
premacy of the Constitution and all laws made; in pur-
suance thereof, and to preserve the Union with all tho
dignity, equality, and rishts>of the several States un-
impaired; that a3F00n as these objects aio accom-
plished the war ought to eea^e.'"
He Bays that resolution was adopted in tho
from- of defeat and in the hour of national hu-
miliation, ay if Oougrews had they deliberated
a little longer till they survived rhe humiliation
of that Bull Run disaster; would have refused
