I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2465
you make a new apportionment? I am not
going to dwell upon that proposition. I be-
lieve it to be a proposition which the people
of this country will understand, without much
discussion. You have only to enunciate that
proposition in plain terms in order to secure
for it the unqualified rebuke of every mail who
sustained the Government during the war for
the Union.
With regard to the second section of the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution, it simply
brings into the Constitution what is found in
the bill of rights of every State of the Union.
As I understand it, it is but incorporating in
the Constitution of the United States the prin-
ciple of the civil rights bill which lias lately
become a law, and that, not as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Fi>ck] suggested, because in
the estimation of this House that law cannot
be sustained as constitutional, but in order, as
was justly said by the gentleman from Ohio
wholastaddresscdthellou.se, [Mr. Gaufield,]
that that provision so necessaiy for the equal
administration of the law, so just in its opera-
tion, so necessary for the protection of the
fundamental rights of citizenship, shall be for-
ever incorporated in the Constitution of the
United States. But, sir, that subject has
already been fully discussed, I have upon
another occasion expressed my views upon it,
and I do not propose to detain the House with
any further remarks of my own upon it.
I pass now to the third section of the pro-
posed amendment, and here, sir, I am con-
strained to say that 1 do not believe it to be
either proper or expedient to retain this sec-
tion of the proposed amendment. I do not
believe it for the reason which is contained in
the preamble of one of the bills reported by
the committee, the "bill to' provide for the
restoration to the States lately in insurrection
of their full political rights." The preamble
of that bill, as reported by the committee, reads
as follows:
Whereas it is expedient that the States lately in
insurrection should, at the earliest day consistent
with the future pcaee and safety of the Union, bo
restored to full participation in all political rights.
I am opposed to the third section of the pro-
posed amendment because I am in favor of the
preamble of (ho bill. 1 am opposed to it be-
cause it looks to me like offering to the people
of Ihe States lately in rebellion peace and res-
toration with one hand, while you snatch it
from them with the other. I am opposed to it
because I think it will keep this country, which
we seek to pacify and to bring back to its old
state of allegiance, in a state of constant tur-
moil and disaffection if it does not rekindle
afresh the fires of civil war.
Sir, I suppose the object of the present pro-
gramme to be to indicate a plan which has for
its object the immediate, not the prospective,
restoration of the people of these Stales to the
privileges they have lost. Immediate, if the
safety of the country will permit. If the safety
of the country will not, upon any conditions,
admit of it, then, sir, we had better dismiss the
whole subject. If the safety of the country
will admit of it, then let us name those condi-
tions.
That, sir, is what the committee, in my
understanding, have attempted to do; but
among the conditions which they have named
is this one, which, in my judgment, is not
necessary or expedient, and which appears to
me to be impolitic and fraught with dangerous
consequences. Sir, with what propriety, let
me ask this House, can wo present an offer to
the people of the South to return to their alle-
giance, and to unite with us once moro in the
maintenance in good faith of the Constitution,
if, while we propose as a condition the ratifi-
cation of an amendment to the Constitution,
and as another condition the ineligibility of the
leaders of the rebellion to Federal office, we
say to them at the same time that, although
you comply with these conditions, although
you agree to adopt this amendment, although
you agree that representation shall be based
upon the numbers which constitute a part of
39th (Jons. 1st Sess.—No. 155.
the body-politic, although you agree that some
example shall be made of this great iniquity
by excluding from Federal office those who
were ringleaders in it, yet you shall not bo
restored to the right of representation or to
any participation in public affairs until the
year 1870?
Now, sir, I am opposed to that; I think that
it imperils the whole measure under consider-
ation ; and when I say that, I do not speak so
much of the fate of that measure in this House
as I sp'eak of its fate in the country at large.
I do not believe that the people of the loyal
States will subscribe to either the necessity
or the expediency of the third section of the
proposed amendment to the Constitution. I
believe, sir, that the masses of the loyal people
of this country, those who made the greatest
sacrifices to save it, are in favor of the resto-
ration of these political rights to the southern
people just as soon as they can be restored with
safety; and I think that they regard as the only
security and only safety which you can exact
or obtain, the reform of the principle of repre-
sentation, or rather the proper adjustment of
the Constitution as regards representation to
the new state of things. That is the point to
which the loyal millions of this country turn
their eve.; for future peace and security. They
know that if, instead of reducing the represen-
tation of the southern States in this House to
a standard of just equality with ourselves, you
leave the Constitution as it is to operate upon
an unforeseen state of affairs, and give thirteen
new Representatives to the lately disloyal States
in this House npon a basis which they repu-
diate at home, there, will bo no peace and no
security in the future for this Government. The
inequality of representation worked by the
result of the war in the emancipation of the
slaves must be remedied. Representation must
be based upon a population which is counted
as a part of the body-politic and which forms
an element of government. This must be done
by an amendment of the Constitution, the ori-
ginal provisions of which are inapplicable to the
altered condition of public affairs.
The loyal people who have preserved the
Government demand this amendment to the
Constitution. In my judgment, they will never,
if they can prevent it, sutler this Government
to be long without this amendment to the Con-
stitution, because it would be a most unjust and
cruel return for all the sacrifices which they
have made, to deny them this measure of jus-
tice. But, sir, they do not, in my judgment,
demand as a further price of security that the
rehabilitation of the southern people, with all
the rights of freemen, shall be postponed until
1870. I agree that it is just and expedient and
proper that you should fasten a badge of shame
upon this great crime of rebellion by rendering
ineligible to office under the United States
those who have been leaders in the insurrection
against the Government. But, sir, this third
section goes much farther than this. It declares
that the masses of the people in the lately insur-
rectionary States—because it is idle to talk of
the people in connection with the infinitesimal
number of Union men in those States—shall
be disfranchised. We know that the masses
of the people there, with exceptions too small
to be counted, did support the rebellion, and
supported it with their whole heart. They sup-
ported it in the field ; they supported it by the
payment of taxes; they supported it by speech
and by votes ; they supported it in every village
and by every fireside. Everybody knows that.
We cannot deny it. There is no use in attempt-
ing to conceal the fact. And in dealing with
a great subject like this it is better to look facts
in the face and treat them as facts. The third
section of the proposed amendment disfran-
chises until 1870 this whole people, while the
measure itself is presented to us as a measure
of universal pacification as well as a measure
for future security.
I do not believe, sir, that this feature of the
measure which is proposed will meet the ap-
proval of our constituents. I believe that what
the constituencies of the States now repre-
sented in Congress demand is, not prospect-
ive reconstruction, but immediate reconstruc-
tion with conditions that will secure the public
safety. As I have already said, the great con-
dition of public safety anil security is the re-
adjustment of the Constitution upon the subject
of representation, that article of the Constitu-
tion which relates to the subject of representa-
tion having been pushed by the war from the
original sphere of its operation, and which will,
without amendment, operate in a manner never
contemplated by the framcrs of the Constitu-
tion and with a degree of injustice to which the
loyal States cannot consent to submit, and to
which they will not submit if it can be pre-
vented.
What will continue to be the condition of
the country if you adopt this feature of the
proposed plan ? Continual distraction, con-
tinued agitation, continued bickerings, contin-
ued opposition to the law, and it will be well
for the country if a new insurrection shall not
spring from its bosom.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. XJBIjACK. I give notice that I will
offer the following amendment if I shall have
the opportunity:
Add to the fifth section as follows :
I'rovuk't, That nothing contained in this article
shall bo so construed as to authorize Congress to reg-
ulate or control the cieofivo franchise within any
State, or to abridge or restrict the power of any State
to ruKulato or control the same within its own juris-
diction, except as in tho third section hereof pre-
scribed.
Mr. BOYKH. Many great questions of pub-
lic policy depend upon tho decision of this
Congress, but tho greatest of them all is that
which involves the restoration of the States to
thci r practical relations with the Fcderal Union.
Until that great end shall have been accom-
plished the triumph of the Government, over the
rebellion will bo still incomplete; and the re-
bellion itself may claim at least a partial victory
in so far as it has succeeded in removing (he
ancient landmarks of the Constitution, and in
marring the symmetry of that constitutional
Union of States which, as it came from tho hands
of our fathers, was the masterpiece of human
government and tho admiration of the world.
After tho outbreak of civil war, the first
essential work of tho nation was the forcible
suppression of the rebellion. That work, after
a four years' struggle, the most sanguinary and
costly in the history of revolutions, has been
fully accomplished. Thanks to the unparalleled
gallantry and endurance of our soldiers, and
the unparalleled patriotism, energy, and gen-
erosity of tho people, armed rebellion against
the laws has been everywhere subdued, and
from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast, and from
the Aroostook to the Rio Grande, there is peace.
Exhausted by an unequal strife, conquered
by overwhelming numbers, the late rebellious
States lie prostrate at the feet of tho Federal
power, their population decimated and im-
poverished, their resources crippled and for
the time well-nigh destroyed, and the causefor
which they fought so madly and suffered so
much hopelessly and forever lost. How shall
the relations of national unity and harmony
be restored between tho States lately so dis-
cordant and belligerent? How shall the cruel
wounds inflicted by tho sections upon each other
be healed ? And above all, how shall the re-
union be completed without the sacrifice of any
of those principles and guarantees of civil lib-
erty which we inherited, and without destroying
the proportions of that political system of State
and Federal jurisdiction which constituted the
chief excellence of our Republic and has been
the chief cause of its wonderful success? These
are the important questions which devolve upon
the present Congress of the United States. But
however vast in its importance and comprehen-
sive in its scope is the work which thus devolved
upon Congress, it did not at first seem propor-
tionately difficult. When Congress assembled in
last December the lately rebellious States were
already subdued and submissive, and all eager
