2466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
to renew their allegiance to the Constitution
and the laws. Their Senators and Represent-
atives were here to take the constitutional oath
•of office, and in the name of their respective
States to pledge their fealty to the Federal
authority. In other ways they had manifested
their good faith. They rescinded their ordi-
nances of secession. They adopted the con-
stitutional amendment abolishing slavery. To
an ordinary observer not versed in the intrica-
cies of party politics it must have appeared as
if all the sacrifices of the war were about to
be atoned by the blessings of a redeemed and
reunited country. The temper of the southern
people was most propitious. In answer to a res-
olution of the Senate, on the 18th of December,
President Johnson said:
"la* that portion of the Union lately in rebellion'
the aspect of affairs is more promising than, in view
of all the circumstances, could well have been ex-
pected. The people throughout the entire South
evince a laudable desire to renew their allcgianee
to the Government, and to repair the devastations
of war by a prompt and cheerful return to peaceful
pursuits. An abiding faith is entertained that their
actions will conform to their professions, and that, in
acknowledging the supremacy of the Constitution and
the law? of the United States, theirloyalty will be un-
reservedly given to the Government, whose leniency
they cannot fail to appreciate, and whose fostering
care will soon restore them to a condition of pros-
perity."
On the same day, and in response to the
same resolution of the Senate, General Grant
said:
"My observations lead mo to tho conclusion that
the citizens of tho southern States are anxious to
return to self-government within the Union as soon
as possible; that while reconstructing they want and
require protection from tho Government; that they
are in earnest in wishing to do what they think is
l-eauired by tho Government, nothmniliatingtothom
as citizens, and that if such a course were pointed out
they would pursue it in good faith."
And he added these other significant words,
as if to administer a rebuke to the proscrip-
tive body of men to whom his language was
addressed:
"It is to be regretted thatthcreeannotbe a greater
comminuting at this tune between the citizens of
tho two sections, and particularly of thoso intrusted
with the law-making power."
Such was the condition of affairs at tho com-
mencement of the present Congress. All obsta-
cles to immediate reunion seemed to have been
happily removed. At the South no man op-
posed. But lo, in this hour of the nation's hope
and expectation, the leaders of the great so-
called Union party stood at the doors of the
Capitol and barred the way. They demanded
of the repentant and returning rebels new guar-
antees as tho price of representation in Con-
gress. "You represent dead States," saidone;
'Treason is a crime and must be punished,"
said another; " Give tho ballot to the negroes,"
said all of them; "Disfranchise nine tenths
of your white voters," said another; "You
are too many," said the chief among the lead-
ers, "you will vole with tho Democrats, and
they and you together, being a majority of the
geople, will at the very first election turn the
.epublicans out of office."
It. shall now be my purpose, as briefly as I
can, to analyze and expose the nature of the
guarantees in the absence of which this Con-
gress proposes to perpetuate disunion. I main-
tain that they are no guarantees for the safety
of the Republic which are wanted, but guaran-
tees for the safety of the Republican party. For
this it is that the hopes of the nation have been
falsified, and great national responsibilities and
interests sacrificed and betrayed. For this it
was, and pot for the restoration of the Union,
that the joint committee of fifteen on recon-
struction was invented. Its author and mover
has been fitly enough placed at its head. From
that moment disappointment ceased, for hope
had fled. No sane or intelligent man in the
country from that hour ever looked to the com-
mittee of fifteen for anything else than an ingen-
ious scheme to keep out the southern States,
and to prevent the restoration of the Union until
after the next presidential election. I do not
mean to attribute to the chairman of the com-
mittee of fifteen the sole responsibility of the
acts or omissions of either the committee itself
or of the Congress which created it. On the
contrary, I concede that he truly represents the
principles and policy of the majority in this
Congress, and that the leadership is his, not
only by parliamentary usage, but by the natu-
ral right which pertains to experience, ability,
and courage. Nothing is further froxn my
intentions than.to indulge in unbecoming per-
sonalities ; but I must be allowed to say that the
selection of such a leader is a fact which affords
me a legitimate argument in" favor of the posi-
tion I take. For months before Congress met
my colleague from the Lancaster district had
been abroad through the land, breathing pro-
scription, and confiscation, and forfeiture of
State rights, and advocating suffrage for mil-
lions of negroes and disfranchisement for mil-
lions of white men. All this was well known
to every member of this House; for my col-
league is no obscure person, and he is not in
the habit of hiding his light under a bushel.
When, therefore, I find this statesman the
"head center" of the Republican majority,
his acknowledged leadership is conclusive evi-
dence that his policy is tho policy of his party.
In the first speech made by him in the begin-
ning of this Congress he candidly stated that
the new guarantees demanded of the southern
States were intended for party purposes. In
advocating the change in the basis of repre-
sentation as it is now substantially embodied
in the proposed constitutional amendment, he
said:
" "With the basis unchanged, tho eighty-three south-
ern members, with tho Democrats that will in the best
of times be elected from the North, will always give
them a majorityin Congress and in the Electoral Col-
lege. They will at the very first election take posses-
sion of the White House and the Halls of Congress."
And again:
" If they should grant the right of suffrage to per-
sons of color, I think there would always be Union
white men enough in the South, aided by the blacks,
to divide tho representation, and thus continue the
Republican ascendency."
In none of the speeches which have been
made upon this floor by other prominent
leaders of the majority will be found any dec-
laration of motive so outspoken as that of the
chairman of the committee on reconstruction.
But in all of them will be found a course of
argument in harmony with the policy declared
by him, and adverse to the immediate restora-
tion of the Union. The Congressional Globe
groans beneath the weight of innumerable col-
umns of labored argument to prove that eleven
States are States no more, but subjugated prov-
inces outside of the Union, and subject to the
absolute will of the conqueror. To prove
this disunion theory the various authors upon
international law have been ransacked, and
Grotius and Vattel have been misapplied and
perverted with an amount of zeal and industry
which might be entitled to commendation if
employed to unite instead of to divide the
country.
I do not propose to follow these learned doc-
tors through the labyrinths which lead to the
theoretical death and amputation of eleven
members of the body-politic. For after all
the refinements of logic and the subtleties of
foreign lore have been exhausted they fail to
answer the simple practical question. If, as
admitted by all, secession was a failure and
the war a success, how did the rebellious States
get out of the Union? If they are States in
the Union shall we appeal to Grotius and Vat-
tel to define their rights, and the status of their
people, and the extent of the Federal power
over them ? Or shall we rather go to th e fount-
ain head of our own political system, the Con-
stitution of the United States, and to the writ-
ings of those who made it? What, indeed,
if the States were dead, or as some with more
refinement than others express it, in a state
of suspended animation, what might we then
expect from a body of patriotic statesmen
assembled for the reconstruction of the Gov-
ernment? Which would be the purer and the
nobler statesmanship, to trample upon the in-
animate carcasses of the prostrate States with
the iron heels of political proscription and sec-
tional hate, or to breathe into their passive
forms anew the breath of life, and start them
again in the career of honor, prosperity, and
equality ?
In elaboration and earnest zeal the argu-
ments of the majority for the exclusion of
States from the Union are only equaled by
the efforts of the same reasoners in favor of
the disfranchisement of their people after they
get in. This is proposed by the joint commit-
tee on reconstruction as a condition-precedent
to their admission at all. The purpose of this
wholesale disfranchisement of the white people
of the South who have been engaged in the
rebellion becomes more clearly evident when
wo consider the coordinate branch of the same
scheme for acquiring control of the ballot-box
by the enfranchisement of the blacks. Upon
what a comprehensive basis of philanthropy
these political artificers profess to build the
theory of "no distinction of race or color!"
To what a sublime pitch of eloquent declama-
tion they swell this lofty theme of universal
brotherhood. But everything has its limit;
and so it seems has the humanity of the Re-
publican majority of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress and its legitimate representative, the
reconstruction committee. As a set-off to
these glowing dissertations in favor of the
political rights of about four million American
negroes, we have from the same source argu-
ments equally elaborate and expressions of
emotion equally as intense in favor of'the right
and justice of excluding from all political priv-
ileges about twice that many millions of white
Americans.
Both those objects are sought to be accom-
plished by the proposed amendment to the
Constitution reported by the committee, and
now before the House for discussion. That
amendment, together with the bills reported
in connection with the same, is submitted to
the House and the country as the best con-
sidered plan of reconstruction which t.hc com-
mittee, after five months' incubation, have
been able to produce for the consolation of
a distracted nation. The plan is, at least in
my opinion, most admirably adapted to its
design, which was nothing more nor less than
the solution of the problem of " how not to do
it." In this T think it maybe fairly said, in
justice to the committee, that they have fully
met the public expectation.
The terms laid down by the committee as
the conditions-precedent to the admission of
representatives in Congress from the States
lately in insurrection are of such a nature as
to preclude any reasonable hope of their.accept-
ance. The third section of the proposed con-
stitutional amendment, which I propose first
to consider, is itself sufficient to convince any
reflecting man that the amendment is not in-
tended for adoption, but only to operate by
means of its expected non-adoption as an
excuse for the exclusion of southern represent-
atives for an indefinite period. It reads as
follows:
Sec. 3. Until the 4th day of July, in the year 1870,
all persons who voluntarily adherod to the late in-
surrection, giving it aid and comfort, shall be ex-
eluded from the right to vote for representatives in
Congress and for electors lor President and Vice
President of the United States.
The effect of this amendment, if adopted,
would be to disfranchise for a period of over four
years nine tenths of the voting population of
eleven States. Does any sane man believe such
terms would bo accepted? When in the history
of nations did a free people voluntarily consent
to such a degradation? It is a condition which
could not be accepted with honor, and it is a
condition, therefore, which is not fit to be pro-
posed to any American community by an Amer-
ican Congress.
But it is said that we have the rightful power
to impose sucli a condition. If we had, its
exercise would still be most unwise. It needs
no argument to demonstrate that in statesman-
ship magnanimity is a nobler quality, and withal
a sounder policy, thfin tyranny ; and that it is
better for a Government to call forth blessings
by its clemency than to provoke the curses of
a people by its oppression.
