1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Several Members. Go on. .
Mr. WHALE V, I desire to say a word in re-
ply to the gentleman from Iowa [>Ir. Hubbard]
about the person who lie says has received so
much money. [Laughter.] lie seemed to con-
vey the idea that that person had got his place
there through my recommendation. [Great
laughter.] Now, I will say one thing here,
which I wish to, be distinctly understood: the
only persons I have recommended have been
the wives and daughters of our brave soldiers.
Time and time again I have gone to the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Agri-
culture, and asked liim to sign the recommen-
dations to the Oomfnissioner of Agriculture. I
think if there is any class of persons that we
should take care of, that should be taken care
of by the different Departments of the Govern-
ment, and by anybody else, they are the wives
and daughters of our brave soldiers. Outside
of them I have written no recommendation, so
have made none.
Mr. GRINNELL. Then we are to under-
stand that the gentleman from "West Virginia
[Mr. Whaley] did not get this Mr. Et al. his
place in the Agricultural Bureau.
Mr. WHALEY. I deny the charge that I
recommended any onebut the wives and daugh-
ters of our brave soldiers. [Laughter. ]
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph in
relation to' the Mint at Philadelphia:
For salaries of the Director, treasurer, assayer,
melter atul refiner, chief eoiner, and engraver, assist-
ant assayer, ami seven clerk,-, $26,400. And from
and after the close of the piesent fiscal year the
annual salary of the Director of the Mint shall be
84,000: arid the annual salaries of the treasurer, as-
sayer, melter and refiner, chief eoiner, .and engraver,
shall be $2,300 e,ich ; the annual salary of the assist-
ant assayer shall be $2,250; and the annual salaries
of the clerks now receiving £1,800 shall be $2,250, a,nd
the annual salaries of theclerksnow receiving $1,500
shall be 31,800 each.
Mr. WAS HBU ENE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out all of this paragraph after " $20,400."
If members -will examine this paragraph they
will find that it simply proposes to raise the
salaries in certain specified cases. I hope we
will not undertake to raise salaries anywhere ;
particularly in cases of this kind.
The question was taken; and there were,
upon a division—ayes thirty-two.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will
consent that a vote may be taken upon this
amendment in the House I will not gall for a
vote on the other side, as I do not want to
break up the committee by showing the want
of a quorum.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I have no objection to
that.
So the amendment was declared to be re-
jected.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out "$26,400" and insert-
ing " $32,700." That is necessary to perfect
the paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For salaries of clerks and messengers in the office
of Assistant Treasurer at lioston, $8,100.
For salaries of additional clerks in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer at F>oston, $19,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out all after the word
" Boston " in the first paragraph to the close of
the second paragraph, and inserting in lieu
therefor the following:
$25,200: Provided, That in lieu of theelerks hereto-
fore authorized, theAssistantTreasurcrof theUnited
States at Boston isherebyauthorized to appoint, with
the approbation oi the Secretary of the Treasury,
one chief clerk at a salary of $8,000 per annum; one
clerk at a salary of £2,500 per annum; one clerk at a
salary ot $2,000: two clerks at a salary of $1,500 per
annum each ; two clerks at a salary of $1,500 per an-
num each: six clerks at a salary of $1,200 per annum
each : one clerk at a salary of $1,000 per annum: two
clerks at a salar\ of $800 oer annum each; one por-
ter at a salary of $700 per annum, and one watchman
at a salary of $G0O per annum.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. Are there
any other persons in Boston not provided for
by the gentleman's amendment? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My amend-
ment does not add anything to the appropri-
ation ; it merely gives the present organization
of the office. The amount proposed to be ap-
propriated by the bill as it now stands in this
respect is $27,100; my amendmentinvolvesthe
appropriation of only $25,200, or $1,900 less.
My amendment is intended merely to make the
law conform to the present organization.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Are there
any additional officers created or salaries raised
by the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoopek?]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Not at
all. It merely proposes to establish by law the
present organization of the office, at a less ex-
pense by nearly two thousand dollars than the
bill proposes as it now stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the appropriations for the Territory
of Utah, lines nine hundred and eleven and
nine hundred and twelve, reading as follows:
For salaries rvf Governor, chief justice, two associ-
ate judges, and secretary, &12.000.
I simply wish that appropriations for this
Territory shall be deferred until some action
shall be taken by Congress in reference to the
subject of polygamy. A billon that subject is,
I understand, about to be reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. No money shall, with
my consent, be appropriated to those people
at present.
Mr. STEVENS. This is not giving it to
"those people." It is giving it to the Gen-
tiles, whom the Government sends there to hold
the offices.
Mr. GRINNELL. As I understand, they
are some others than Gentiles.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out lines nine hundred and fifteen, nine hun-
dred and sixteen, and nine hundred and seven-
teen, as follows:
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contin-
gent expenses of the Assembly, SIB,000.
It is not denied that the members of this
Assembly are Mormons, living in flagrant vio-
lation of the cardinal principles of morality and
decency. They are transgressing all the laws
of civilization. I will not vote anything for
them.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "additional" inline nine
hundred and eighty-five, the word "temporary,"
so that the paragraph will road:
For two additional temporary clerks of class one,
82,-100.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Mc RUER. I move to amend by striking
out in line nine hundred and ninety-five, the
word "ten," and inserting in lieu thereof the
word " fiveso that the paragraph will read:
Forlegal assistance andothernecessaryspecial and
extraordinary expenditures in the disposal of private
land claims in California, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line ten hundred and thirty-five the
word " four" and inserting in lieu thereof the
word " five," so that the paragraph will read :
For compensation to the laborer in charge of the
water closets in the Capitol, $538.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by striking out lines ten hundred and
ninety-two and ten hundred and ninety-three,
as follows:
For the construction of a police telegraph, $15,000.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee do not
know much about that.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to say that the com-
mittee, in passing upon this subject, had before
them, as the chairman of the committee may
remember, a communication from the depart-
ment of the Metropolitan Police, in which, after
a statement of the estimates for the pay of op-
erators, superintendents, &c., of the police tel-
egraph, it is stated:
"In addition to the above, $15,000 is necessary to
pay for the policc telegraph, which has been crceted
and in use for over twelve months."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, let
the cities of Washington and Georgetown pay
for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committe rose; and the Speakerliav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Conklixg reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union having had under consideration
the bill (H. R. No. 213) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 18G7, had directed him to report
the same with sundry amendments, and a rec-
ommendation that the bill pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not desire that this
bill shall -be acted on finally this evening. If
the House should adjourn now, the bill will
come up in the morning as the unfinished busi-
ness.
CATTLE DISEASE.
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Speaker, I hold in
my hand a communication addressed to me by
the Secretary of State, relating to the cattle
disease in Europe. An eminent agriculturist
there, having successfully treated this disease,
sends his experience to the Secretary of State,
who has transmitted the communication to me
as chairman of the Committee on Agriculture.
I ask unanimous consent to present this com-
munication to the House, that it maj' be re-
ferred to the Committee on Agx-icul*ure, and
ordered to be printed.
There was no objection ; and the communi-
cation of the Secretary of State was read, as
follows:
Department of State,
Washington. March 17,18G6.
Sir:.I have the honor to inclose herewith for your
information a copy of the communication which was
addressed to the Department on the 21st ultimo, by
Mr. Etrienne R. Veron, of Brussels, upon thesubject
of the cattle plague.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWABD,
Secretary of liu.de.
Hon. John Bidwell,
Chairman of the Committee on Agriculture.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
this communication will be referred to the
Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to be
printed.
There was no objection.
EMIGRATION'.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to encourage emigration,"
approved July 4, 1864, and an act entitled "An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels,'' approved March
3, 1865, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
MAJOR GENERAL POPE'S REPORT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Remhed, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House the report of Major Gen-
eral Pope in regard to the condition and necessities
of emigrants west of Missouri.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency appropri-
ation bill were"taken from the Speaker's table,
and referred to the Committee ou Appropria-
tions.
THEODORE G. EISWASD.
On motion of Mr. JENCKES, Senate bill
No. 150, for the relief of Theodore G. Eiswald,
was taken from the Speaker'stable, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
