1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3427
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment to settle the accounts of the late Wyatt
H. Hamrick, lieutenant and quartermaster
of the thirty-ninth Ohio volunteers, _ upon
equitable terras, and upon the best evidence
available.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will simply state that this
officer had property put in his hands, and within
a few hours afterward was killed in battle.
This is a resolution to settle his accounts. The
Government owes him money, instead of ho
owing it to the Government.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WOODWARD AND OJIOEPSXNING.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up for consid-
eration House joint resolution No. 123, which
was reported yesterday by the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 123) for the relief oi
Elizabeth Woodward and George Chorpen-
ning, of Pennsylvania, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The resolution pro-
vides for the payment of $02,325, in equal
moieties, to Elizabeth Woodward, widow of
Absalom Woodward, and George Choi-penning,
for destruction of property by Indians between
Salt Lake and California prior to the 1st of
July, 1852; the moiety paid to Elizabeth Wood-
ward to be for the use of herself and her foiu-
children. It also provides for the payment, of
$30,(570 to George Chorpenning for property
destroyed by Indians between Salt Lake and
California prior to the 1st of April, 1850; and
the amount thus paid is to be deducted from
any annuities now due or that may hereafter
become due to the Indians inhabiting that
territory.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with two amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line three, to strike
out " SM,323" and to insert, "$28,175."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line two, to strike out " $30,070" and to insert
"$20,370."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquiic whether this
joint resolution is accompanied by a report.
If so, I ask that it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is no written report
accompanying the joint resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to learn
whether anybody knows anything about what
the facts are. It seems to inc a resolution of
this kind ought to be accompanied by a report.
There ought to be something to go upon the
record explaining it.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a House report.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I ask that the House
report be read.
Mr. CONNESS. It is very long.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that there is no report from the
House on the files of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator having the resolution in charge
whether it has been customary for the Govern-
' ment to pay for losses of property caused by
depredations of the Indians except in cases
where the Government is indemnified by the
Indian annuities going to the Indians that did
the wrong.
Mr. MORRILL. This resolution provides
for that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am told that this
resolution provides for that deduction. I did
not know that.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, it does. This res-
olution comes from the House of Representa-
tives. After mature deliberation on the evi-
dence that was before them, the House com-
mittee reported in favor of the payment of
$03,000. I do not pretend to be fully informed
upon it, and only brought it up by the consent
of the gentleman having it in charge——-
Mr. CLARK. Who had it in charge?
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Buckalew,] who wished that I
would move to take it up. It was before the
committee, I believe, yesterday, and after full
deliberation they made their report upon it,
and amended the House bill by decreasing the
amount very much. Some of the gentlemen
of that committee are present, and I suppose
they can answer any questions in regard to it.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wili,iams] can
explain it much better than I can. I know that
the committee have deliberated upon the evi-
dence in the ease very fully ; and the only ques-
tion, as 1 understand, that was pending before
that committee was the question as to the
amount of damages that should be allowed for
pertain property thai was destroyed by the In-
dians at the time mentioned in the resolution.
The right to such damages, I believe, was eon-
ceded by all, both in the House and in the
Senate; but our committee cut down the dam-
ages considerably, some eight or nine thousand
dollars, from the amount allowed by the House.
Of course it turned on a mere estimate of the
damages, derived from various witnesses, as to
the value of the property destroyed. I believe
that is the only question there is pending, and
I suppose it is a question about which men
would form different judgments. Different
men would form different estimates as to the
value of the property destroyed. The commit-
tee I know to be an exceedingly \igilant one,
and one that would be very apt to take care of
the interests of the Government in a question
of this kind. The amount is pretty large, and
the matter received the deliberate judgment of
the committee, as I know they bad it under
consideration for some time. I have read the
testimony in regard to the damages, and I think
that there is in it room for any tribunal to vary
somewhat. If L was to judge myself, however,
I should suppose that in estimating the damages
the House had made nearer an average of the
testimony than the Senate committee, who cut
it down; but that is not tor me to say. it was
before the committee for examination, and
their judgment, of course, is infinitely better
than mine on such a subject. I think there is
no reason to object to the resolution unless
gentlemen want to oveiliaul all the evidence.
Mr. GRIMES. There i  no question but that
there has been, as the Senator liom Ohio says,
very mature deliberation in this case. Congress
has been deliberating on it, to my knowledge,
seven years, and I believe it had been here some
years before, for it was an old claim when 1
took my sent in the Senate seven or eight years
ago. It maybe full of merit; I do not pre-
tend to say how that is; but the Senator does
not state to us the facts in regard to it upon
which we are called on to base our amendment.
What, I want is a legit imate, proper report from
a committee, so that we can read it and tee
what we are doing.
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me to say that there
is a House report accompanying tins joint res-
olution. I had it and read it, but cannot put
my hand on it now. It states with considera-
ble preciseness the merits of the whole ease,
and it would lie well, perhaps, before the Sen-
ate acts on it to get that repoii.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The House report is
among the papers. It was before the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. There is a whole bundle
of papers, and tho member of the committee
who has the bill in charge knows all about
them.
Several Senators. lie is not, here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should not think it
advisable to call up the bill in his absence.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, who had this matter in charge, deputed
it to one of their members for examination and
examined it very thoroughly themselves; but
that member, the Senator from Pennsylvania,
is not in the House at the present time. I think
it had better go over and not bo called up in
his absence, but be called up when he is here,
so that lie can explain it.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to its lying
over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be post-
poned with a view of taking up Senate bill No.
357, the telegtaph bill.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 394) to establish certain ocean post routes
between the United States and Europe, and to
regulate the transportation of themails thereon,
and to reduce the expenses thereof; which was
read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to say that I in-
troduce the bill by request, without committing
myself at all to the measure.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent- obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
390) for promoting the growth of forest trees
on the public lands ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 397) for the relief in certain cases therein
named of settlers in Kansas and on the line of
the Union Pacific railroad, eastern division,
and for other purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on th<j
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PO.MEltOY. I think that bill ought to
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
I think there is only a question of public lands
in it.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that
reference.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it is altogether
probable that there will be some wish to insert
a provision in it connected with the Pacific
railroad legislation, and growing out of the
late bill passed. With that \ie\v, I think it
had better go to the Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee.
Mi. POMERdY. If it has anything to do
with the road, let it take that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has been referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
TKI.EGKAPH LINES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
357) to aid in the construction of telegraph
lines, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses.
Mr. GRTME3. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in section one, linejlireo, the
words "the national" and inserting "any;"
and in the same lino by striking out "a cor-
poration organi/.ed under the laws of tho State
of New York April 10, 18(',l'.," and inserting
"authorized to lie organized under the laws
of any State in this Union;" so as to make the
scction read:
That niiy tp.lejrr.iph company authorized to be or-
ganized under tlio laws of any State in this union
shall have tlio right to construct, maintain, iimt ope-
rate lino of telegraph through and over any portion
of the public domain of the United Stated, over and
along any of tho military or post roadriol the umtea
States, &c.
'The purpose of the amendment is to make a
general law on the subject of telegraphs, which
will allow any company that may be organized
under the authority of any State in the Union
to establish telegraph lines, instead of confining
it to one particular company—to put them all
on a par.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment of the
Senator from Iowa, I believe, rather meets my
idea; but the select committee who leported
this bill at tho time they were considering this
matter thought it better to take up this com-
pany, which showed at least an inclination to
enter into competition with the great and pow-
