1'865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of ilia Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho.ofReps.
pitals, and unless someother means are devised,
an appropriation by Congress will be required
to meet the necessary expenses. A new labor-
atory building, at a cost of $80,000, is recom-
mended.
1 The colonel commandantof the Marine corps
reports the order and discipline of the corps as
alike creditable to officers and men. During
the year the strength of the corps has not ma-
terially changed. Though now to a consider-
able extent employed in guard duty on shore,
the greater part" of the corps have during the
year been actively engaged in the operations of
the several squadrons bearing their part in the
naval operations of the war.
CONCLUSION.
In .former reports, rendering an account of
the administration of this Department since I
entered upon its duties, it has given me pleas-
ure to make known my obligations to the gen-
tlemen who have been associated with me in
the conduct of its business. Continued expe-
rience has deepened my sense of grateful obli-
gation for their ability, faithfulness, and indus-
try under circumstanccs which were often not
only responsible but embarrassing, and I gladly
avail myself of this opportunity to again ex-
press my acknowledgment for their support
and assistance. In our arduous and vastly ex-
tended naval organization and action during
the past four eventful years, and especially in
the new forms of power which modern inven-
tions have produced, and the new scenes of
effort which this unparalleled war has called
forth, in which they have been so severely tried
and so triumphantly illustrated, an extraor-
dinary opportunity has opened and an unex-
ampled necessity has existed for an adminis-
tration of the Navy Department at once judi-
cious and efficient.
Under the pressure of such an exigency, I
certainly do not claim, and cannot hope, to
have always avoided mistakes; but I do sin-
cerely trust that the brilliant and glorious naval
record which shines along the line of moment-
ous events during the whole of this period may
be accepted as proof that the Department has
been faithfully devoted to its duties, and that
through its counsels and care the force of our
Navy has, in the selection of officers to wield
and work it, been and generally to a very for-
tunate extent confided to the best and fittest
hands. In the conduct of our naval operations
to put the right man in the right place has been
the constant effort of the Department, and the
recent history of the Navy bears witness, I
think, that the effort has not been unsuccessful
nor fruitless. It is my pleasing duty to add
that the number of highly meritorious officers,
eminent in all the requirements and accom-
plishments of their profession, which our Navy
list presents, has not unfrequently embarrassed
the Department in its difficult task of selec-
tion.
As peace is being restored among us, the
country now puts off the formidable naval ar-*
mor which it had assumed to vindicate upon a
mighty scale that supremacy of the national
law which is the very life of our Union. In the
details of the policy and the measures by which
our naval power is now brought down to the
dimensions and distributed to the important op-
era! ions of a peace establishment, the country
will see with relief and gratitude a large and
signal reduction of national expenditure. I
need hardly say that, this great object is kept
constantly and carefully in view by this De-
partment.
Such alleviation of the public burdens is the
plain dictate of a wise policy. Yet true wis-
dom directs that this policy of retrenchment
in the naval branch of the public service must
not be carried too far. It is still wise—the
wisest—economy to cherish the Navy, to hus-
band its resources, to invite new supplies of
youthful courage and skill to its service, to be
amply supplied with all needful facilities and
preparations for efficiency, and thus to hold
within prompt and easy reach its vast and sal- !
utary power for the national defense and self-
vindication.
Let the Government still extend injudicious
and moderate measure this fostering care to its
Navy, and whenever the crisis shall arrive that
our national rights or interests are imperiled,
we may be assured that the Navy will again
vindicate the claim which it has already so sig-
nally established to the admiration and grati-
tude of the country.
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
The President.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Department op the Interior,
December 4, 1865.
Sir : I have the honor to submit the follow-
ing summary of the operations of the Depart-
ment of the Interior during the past year, and
of the present condition of the diversified and
important public interests under its direction.
lands.
It appears from the report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office that during
the fiscal year ending J une 30,1865, public lands
were disposed of as follows:
A«res sold for cash  557,212.53
Acres located with military warrants  318,660.00
Acics located with agricultural scrip  460,130.27
Acrcs selected under agricultural college
grant  808,358.11
Acres approved to the States as swamp
lands  571,-129.21
Acres approved to the States for railroads.. 607,415.39
Acres taken under tho homestead law 1,160,532.92
4,513,738.46
During the quarter ending September 30,
1865, tho aggregate quantity taken for the
same purposes was  S80,591.13
Making, during five quarters, the total
number of acres  5,394,329,59
The cash receipts from sales, homestead, and
location fees, for the same five quarters, ending
September 30, 1865, were $1,088,400 78.
The cash sales for the year ending June 30,
1865, amounted to $748,427 25, an cxcess of
$70,420 04 overthe sum received from the same
source the previous year.
During the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865,
4,101,778 acres of public lands were surveyed.
The aggregate quantity of surveyed public
lands undisposed of September 30, 1805, was
132,285.035 acres.
Owing to the failure of the appropriation for
that purpose at the last session of Congress, no
contracts have been made for surveys during
the current fiscal year, except where there were
unexpended balances from previous j cars, or
where the expense of sun cj was defrayed by pri-
vate parties.
The act of September 4, 1841, and the sup-
plemental act of March 3, 1843, confer upon
actual settlers, upon certain specified condi-
tions, the right to acquire by preemption sur-
veyed public lands. Since that time the right
has been, by various acts, extended to unsur-
veyed lands, but the period within which the
claim must lae preferred after settlement differs
in the several States and Territories, although
proof and payment must be made in all be-
fore the day prescribed by proclamation of
the President, for the sale of the body of lands
within which the preemption claimant has set-
tled. In some the claim of settlement must be
filed within three months after the return of the
approved plat or survey to the local land offices :
in others within six months thereafter; in otheis
within three months after the survey has been
madein thefield ; and in some of tho ncwerTer-
ritorics there is no specific provision on this
subject, but all laws of tho United States, which
are not locally inapplicable, are declared to be
in force. The act of June (S, 1862, "establish-
ing a laud oliicc in Colorado, and for other pur-
poses,'' provides that when unsurveyed lands
are claimed by preemption, notice of the speei1
fied tract claimed shall be filed within six
months after the survey lias been made in the
field, and that on failure to file such notice, or
to pay for tho tract claimed within twelve
months from the filing of such notice, the par-
ties claiming such land shall forfeit all their
right therein. This act has been interpreted
Department has not, upon appeal involving any
contested right of preemption, decided whether
the terms of. the act are not sufficiently broad
to make it applicable to all unsurveyed lands to
which the preemption settler claims a right.
Further legislation is, however, recommended
to remove ambiguity and secure harmony in the
enforcement of this beneficent policy in all the
land States and Territories. No reason is per-
ceived for various and somewhat conflicting
laws on this subject in different localities. A
few general provisions in regard to unsurveyed
lands would suffice. The acts of 1841 and 1843
need no amendment. They regulate the right
of preemption to such public lands as have been
.surveyed prior to the date of settlement.
The homestead law has been in operation
since the 1st day of January, 1863. Large
bodies of lands have been entered under its pro-
visions. Five years' continued residence is
necessary to tho perfection of the title of a home-
stead settler, unless he prefers to purchase the
lands at the minimum price, and obtain a pat-
ent. It is estimated that from forty to fifty per
cent, of persons who have so claimed the priv-
ilege of tho homestead law will prefer to make
payment, and thus secure title before the expi-
ration of the period when it would otherwise
vest. The nominal sum paid by the homestead
settler, and the fee which he pays to the local
officers, are sufficient to cover the expense in-
cident to the survey and the disposal of the
land.
In the enactment of this law Congress was
doubtless influenced by the conviction that the
settlement and cultivation of tho public lands
were objects of greater importance to the nation
than the increased revenue that, might be de-
rived from their sale; and future experience
will, it is not doubted, attest the wisdom as
well as the beneficence of this legislation.
I approve of tho suggestion.of' the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, that the law
should prescribe a timn within which an appeal
should be taken from the decision of the local
officers to the General Land Office, and from
the latter to tho Department.
It is a matter of the utmost importance to the
settlers in Arizona and New Mexico that early
provision should be made by law for the adjust-
ment of Spanish and Mexican titles arising un-
der existing treaties with the republic of Mex-
ico. As the determination of disputed titles
involves questions essentially judicial in their
character, it seems to be proper that tho tribu-
nals of the United States should bo charged
with the performance of this duty , in conformity
with legislative precedents in regard to claims in
Louisiana and other States. A period should be
prescribed for prosecuting a claim of title, and
the decree of the court, should determine not only
tho validity of the title, but also all incidental
questions relating to the limits of the land
claimed, which could not be properly deter-
mined by the Commissioner of the General Land
Offico in its survey and location on tho earth's
surface. In regard to cases heretofore con-
firmed, the confirmee should be required to have
surveys made at bis own expense, under the
surveyor general, subject to the supervision of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and the ultimate control of this Department; and
whore such claims aic of loose and undefined
extent, some limitation as to quantity should
be imposed by lav/.
The Commissioner of tho General Land Office
has held that the United State*, as the successor
of Mexico, has the exclusive and paramount
right to all such sites as may be indispensable
