1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2467
But I deny altogether the right of the Fed-
eral Government to disfranchise the majority
of the .citizens of any State on account of their
past participation in the rebellion. They who
have committed treason are amenable to the
laws, even after they have returned to their
allegiance. But you cannot make new laws
and a new Constitution to meet their case.
Treason is undoubtedly a crime and may be
punished, but by no bill of attainder or ex post
facto law such as is provided in the amend-
ment before the House.
The ninth section of the first article of the
Constitution declares—
" No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall bo
passed."
That single prohibition is in itself a complete
answer to all that has been said in support of
the doctrine of the reconstruction committee.
If any further answer were needed, it would be
found in the ninth and tenth articles of the
same instrument:
"Akt. 9. The enumeration in the Constitution of
certain rights shall not bo construed to deny or dis-
parage others retained by the people.
"Art. 10. The powers not delegated to the United
States are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the people."
It will not do to say that the civil war has
abrogated the constitutional rights of rebel-
lious citizens, and that vengeance beyond the
boundaries of what is written is to be justified
to the Federal Government by right of con-
quest. Not only is such a doctrine opposed
by the express prohibitions of the Constitu-
tion, but Congress and the whole nation stand
pledged before the world against any such in-
terpretation. After the civil war had com-
menced, and after a great battle had been
fought, Congress passed through both Houses,
by an almost unanimous vote, the following
resolution:
"That this wor is not prosecuted upon our part in
any spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of con-
quest or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing
or interfering with the lights or established institu-
tions of those States, but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution and all laws made in
pursuance theieof, and to prcscrvctlie Union with all
the dignity, equality, and rights of tho several States
unimpaired; that us soon as these objcots are accom-
plished tho war ought to ceasc."
Everywhere throughout the loyal sections of
the country this was the accepted doctrine, and
under it and for it the nation's treasure was
poured out'and the nation's blood was shed.
It was our lower of strength, and clothed us
in the indestructible panoply of right. Shall
we now, when the war is over, be told that this
was only a sham, a blind to delude the people
and recruit the armies?
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabatl-
ger,] in his speech delivered upon this subject
on the 21st of April, based his argument for the
right to disfranchise the population of tho late
rebellious States upon the doctrine of self-
preservation as the universal right and duty of
nations. He argued this right upon an assumed
state of facts with great force and learning;
but the proof of the main premises of his prop-
osition he altogether omitted. He assumed
without proof that such disfranchisement is in
this case necessary for the preservation of the
nation; and that essential link being wanting,
hisentire elaborate argument falls to the ground.
If there does exist any necessity for the dis-
franchisement of the people of eleven States
of this Union it must be because if suffered to
vote for representatives and for President they
would be numerically strong enough through
the legitimate channels of legislation to con-
trol the Government of the country. But it is
plain that of themselves they constitute a very
perceptible minority ofthe entire nation. How,
then, could they get control of the Govern-
ment? It is plain that they never could acquire
the sway in Congress or elect a President ex-
cept with the help of a sufficient number of
loyal voters in other sections of the country to
constitute with themselves a majority of the
whole people. In what attitude does this leave
the party who upon this ground are striving to
exclude southern representatives ? Why, in the
attitude of a conscious minority engaged in a
conspiracy to keep the control of the Govern-
ment against the will of a majority of the peo-
ple of the whole country.
Will it be pretended that, counting in the
population of all sections, those who seek to
destroy the country are more numerous than
those who desire to save it? If this be so, the
country is already doomed, and there is no
salvation for it. If, on the other hand, a ma-
jority of tho whole people will stand by the
country, it is not in the power of any scctional
minority to destroy it, and the loyal majority
can better and more safely govern the oppos-
ing minority, if there be such, inside of the
Union than out of it. I know there are men
on this floor who seek every opportunity to
insult the common sense of the country by
harangues attributing to the Democratic party
at the North complicity with the rebellion. If
this atrocious slander had in it any truth; if the
great Democratic party of the North, instead
of sending its hundreds of thousands of volun-
teers into the ranks of the Federal armies, had
gone over to tho enemy or had remained only
passive spectators of the scene, the victorious
rebels would long ago have taken possession of
the capital and the country. No one party can
rightfully boast of having saved the country, and
those who are the most bloody-minded and pro-
seriptivein the uses of victory, as a general rule,
have shed the least blood in its achievement.
I have considered the third section of the
amendment reported by the committee, first,
because it is the most objectionable of all the
parts. I am opposed, however, to any further
constitutional amendments as conditions to
representation in Congress of any State in the
Union. But my limited time will not allow
me to dwell at much length upon the remain-
ing sections.
The first section embodies the principles of
the civil rights bill, and is intended to secure
ultimately, and to some extent indirectly, the
political equality ofthe negro race. It is objec-
tionable also in its phraseology, being open to
ambiguity and admitting of conflicting con-
structions.
The second section of the amendment is
ostensibly intended to remedy a supposed in-
equality in the basis of representation. The
real object is to reduce the number of southern
representatives in Congress and in the Electo-
ral College; and also to operate as a standing
inducement to negro suffrage. It may indeed
be said that there is some well-founded objec-
tion to the present basis of representation.
But while eleven States remain without any
representation in cither House of Congress we
may well postpone all minor reforms until the
Constitution as it now is shall be first applied in
good faith by those self-same Constitution mend-
ers. Justice and equality migh talso be promoted
by carrying the reform into some other quar-
ters. There can, for example, be no good reason
founded in justice and equality why the six New
England States, with a population of little
over three millions, should have twelve votes
in the Senate of the United States, and the
State of New York, with a population of about
four millions, only two. Would it riot promote
justice and equality to reconstruct in this
respect New England's lucky six as well as
Dixie's unlucky eleven?
'The fourth section of the amendment pro-
hibits the assumption of the rebel debt by the
United States or any of them. But I imagine
there is no hot haste required to prohibit by a
constitutional enactment the payment of this
debt by the bankrupt States of the South ; and
I do not suppose that any man outside of a
lunatic asylum ever dreamed it would be paid
by any one else. Besides, a constitutional
amendment has already been passed this ses-
sion by Congress to the same effect.
Tho fifth and last section of tho amendment
empowers Congress to enforce by appropriate
legislation the provisions ofthe article.
Upon this latter it will not be necessary to
remark.
The amendment is accompanied by a bill,
the first section of which proposes to prescribe
the conditions of the future admission of the
States in these words:
* Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-"
bled. That whenever tho above recited amendment
shall have become part of the Constitution of "the
United States, and any State lately in insurrection
shall haye ratified tho same, and shall have modified ,
its constitution and laws in conformity therewith,
the Senators and Representatives from such State,
it found duly elected and qualified, may, after having
taken the required oaths of office, be admitted into
Congress as such.
It will be observed that even after any State
lately in insurrection shall have complied with,
the condition, "and shall have ratified the
amendment and modified its constitution in
conformity therewith, the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from such State, if duly elected and
qualified, may," not shall, but "may," "after
having taken the required oaths of office, be
admitted into Congress as such."
The precious boon thus graciously tendered
by the reconstruction committee as the reward
of absolute submission to all its behests is after
all but a chance of represtntation dependent
upon the pleasure of that of some similar com-
mittee, and to be regulated, doubtless, by the
political exigencies of the times. Perpetual
exclusion, of course, is not contemplated by the
committee, and representation is doubtless in-
tended to be allowed at as early a day as is con-
sistent with the safety of the Bepublican party;
and the four years' disfranchisement provided
by the third section is only intended to make
the next presidential election entirely sure, and
to secure a safe working majority in Congress
to support the incoming Administration.
The imaginations of some gentlemen become
strangely excited in the argument of this ques-
tion of southern representation. There are those
who declaim upon it as if it were proposed to
bring into this House unrepentant rebels still
breathing treason against the Government and
plotting its overthrow while claiming to have a
voice in its councils. There is no such propo-
sition. If there were such a proposition I am
sure it would have no advocates upon this floor.
If such representatives were sent from the
South, the majority have the power to exclude
tliem, or to expel them after they had obtained
an entrance.
Itis argued that those who have once rebelled
against the Government deserve to be disfran-
chised ; but you cannot disfranchise a major-
ity of the voters of a State without the estab-
lishment of an oligarchy ; and the Constitution
as our fathers made it guaranties a republican
form of government to every State.
Besides, it is not for them alone that the
Union is to be restored, but for ourselves also,
and our children. Every hour during which
we govern the eleven States with their twelve
million people as conquered provinces carries
us further away from the original landmarks
of the Constitution and brings us nearer to
centralization and military despotism.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I know not
that I am called specially to give utterance to
my thoughts on this measure. The report of
the committee does not meet my expectation,
and one of its propositions is in conflict with
some of my well-considered convictions. If,
however, those with whom 1 am sent to coop-
erate in this House deem this measure wise and
expedient, I will vote for it. I am nrompted
to speak because it will enable mo to gratify
gentlemen on the other side of the House, by
allowing them to hear voices from one of the
disfranchised States. They will, I know, be
giatified to learn that they are not entirely
voiceless or powerless on this floor.
One thing attracted my attention and doubt-
less that of others while listening to the speech
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. FinckJ and
that, of my eloquent colleague, [Mr. Boteb,]
and that was that ■ either of them embodied in
the text of his speech ':he text of the amend-
ment they were discussing. I do not think
this omission was accidental. _ I apprehend
they would rather their constituents should
read their denunciatory remarks than the lan-
guage ofthe propositions under consideration.
