1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Illinois, (at five o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.,j the House adjtmrned.
PETITIONS, 1STC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to theappropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLEY: The petition of I). 13. Alien for
compensation for carrying the mails to Calilornia.
By Mr. BALDWIN : A petition oi the trustees of
the Woreefer County Free Institute of Industrial
Science, Massachusetts, for a change of the law tax-
ing: land transferred by deed of gift, or for such legis-
lation as wiljl enable them to accept a deed of certain
lands without paying as a tax six per cent, of its
value.
Also, a petition of the assistant assessors of inter-
nal revenue in the eighth Massachusetts district, for
an increase of their pay.
By Mr. BOY 1511: The petition of James B. Win-
penny, and 52 others, proprietors, mechanics, and
laborers, from JamesB. Winpenny's mill, Manayunk,
Pennsylvania, prayingfortheamendinent of th'o tariff
'so as to protect labor to the extent of the difference
of the cost of capital and labor here and abroad with
the addition of the taxes paid by American industrial
products from which the foreign are free.
Bv Mr. BROM WELL: The petition of 23 discharged
soldiers of the late war, praying for equalization of
bounties.
By Mr. CIIANLER: The memorial of William B.
Miles. 59 Chrystic street; Thomas T. Bead. 202 Two-
hundred-and-thirtcenlh street. New York city, to
adjust the duty on barley, that it may not exceed the
sum of five cents per bushel.
By Mr. COBB - The petition of A. R. Tyler, and
others, of Muscoda, Wisconsin, in relation to the law
oiinsurance in the several States.
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of Michael Mc-
Quade, Charles llutton, and others, asking that no
impost exceeding five cents a bushel be laid on bar-
ley coming from the British Provinces.
Also, the petition of J. M. Alvord, and others, ask-
ing the prompt passage of such a tariff as will more
effectually protect American industry.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizens of Will
county, Illinois, praying for the enactment of laws
for the regulation of inter-State insurances of all
kinds.
Also, the petition of of Stewart & Marsh, of Kendall
county, Illinois, praying that the internal revenue
law be amended so as to allow manufacturers of agri-
cultural implements in making returns of their man-
ufactures to deduct the value of any parts of such
machinery which have already paid a tax.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: Two petitions of citizens of
Ripon, in the State of Wisconsin, for the enactment
of law regulating inter-State insurance, Are.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Wareham Savings
Bank, Massachusetts, praying for relief from certain
taxation.
By Mr. FARNSWORTII: Tho petition of George
H. l)aniels, and 05 others, citizens of Elgin. Illinois,
for tho establishing of a Bureau of Insurance.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of David Ilira-
rod, and 100 others, citizens of Y'oungstown, Mahon-
ing county, Ohio, praying for an increase of the tariff
on imports so as to afford protection to American
labor.
Also, the petition of A. B. Cornell, and 16 others,
citizens of Youngstown, Mahoning county, Ohio, for
such a modification of the excise laws as will afford
relief to the American laborer.
By Mr. GLOdrfBRENNER: The petition of Lewi?
Bean, Joseph Lawton, James Wright, and 105 otheis.
citizens of Manayunk, Philadelphia, praying an in-
crease of the tax upon imports.
By Mr. HART. The petition of citizens of Roches-
ter, asking for the establishment of a national Bu-
reau of Insurance.
Also, the petition of citizens of Monroe county,
New York, asking that pensions bo granted to the
surviving soldieis of the war of 1812.
By Mr. IlOLMES: The petition of Stuart Alex-
ander, for American icgislei to schooner Linnie
Powell.
AKo, the petition of W. Ncwkirk, and 31 others,
citizens of Oswego, New York, for establishment of
Bureau of Naimnal Insurance.
By Mr. IKTLBURD: The petition of sundry citi-
zens of Ro-'sie, iSi". Lawrence county, New York, ask-
ing an incrcasf of tariff, Are.
Bv Mr. .TONES: Tho petition nf th^ asp^tnnt assess-
ors of the fourth district, State of New York, asking
for an increase of compensation.
By Mr. KASSON: The memorial of Nancy J. Kelly,
widow of Dr. Alfred Kelly, for a pension.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Livinsston
Scobcl.of Capo Vincent. Jeflei&on county, New"iork,
in fa vol of fh" importation ot free barley fiom Canada.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of 124 citizens of
Fulton county. New York, asking an increased duty
on foreign w<_>o3.
Bv Mr. MOORIIEAD: Two petitions from citizens
of Pittsbunr, Pennsylvania, praying lor the passage
of an a< t icsrnl.ii ins mtoi-State insurance companies.
By Mr. MORRIS' The petition of Denton Bost-
wick. E^o„ and 120 others, of Yates county, New York,
asking for an inc-reaseof duty on imported wool.
Bv Mr. MYERS: The petition of mechanics and
laborers iu manufacturing establishments at Phila-
delphia, for>ucli amendment to the tariff as will pro-
tect their labor. „ . ..
AK'\ ihc petition of citizens oi Philadelphia, en-
paged m manufactures, commciee, and the mechanic
arK t*>r irKT^-i-^d duties and l'nposl*.
Bv Mr. PiiHLPS- The petition oi M *. M.uiraret
R. Colonev, widow of the late Major Josiah B. Colo-
ncy, of th c first Maryland Veteran volunteer infantry,
praying for an increase of pension.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of Linn
and Buchanan countics, Iowa-, asking for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Marion, Linn county,
to Winthrop in Buchanan counts'.
By Mr. RAYMOND : The petition of Henry Cole-
man, late seaman on board of United States transport
McClellan, for an invalid pension.
Also, the petition of John Buttin, and others, manu-
facturers of agricultural implements, in the State of
New York, praying for an amendment and equaliza-
tion of the tax laws in relation to their business.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of N. B. Sher-
win, Madison KcIIey, and others, assistant assessors
in the eighteenth district of Ohio, asking for an in-
crease of compensation.
By Mr.VAN AERNAM : Thepctitionofl23eitizens,
prominent businessmen of Chautauqua county, New
York, praying Congress to enact just and equal laws
regulating inter-State insurance.
Also, the resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of New York relative to the construction of a ship-
canal across Keweenaw Point, Lake Superior.
Also, the resolutions adopted at a meeting of the
soldiers, seamen, andmarinesheld in the city of Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania, on the 10th day of February,
1866, calling upon Congress for the passage of an act
equalizing bounties.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of William Bel-
nap, R. P. Redick, and 1,117 others, citizens of Wayne
county, Ohio, asking protection to wool-growers
against foreign cotnpcliiion. and that a duty of not
less than ten cents per pound specific duty, and ten
per cent, ad valorem be levied for that purpose upon
all foreign wools competing with home production.
By Mr. WILSON, of Iowa: The petition of the
assistant assessors of the first district of Iowa, pray-
ing for an increase of compensation.
IN REBATE.
Tuesday, March 20, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AXD MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
George JIaek, and twenty-four others, enlisted
men of company (r, eighth regiment of United
States Veteran volunteers, praying for the pay-
ment of bounty belonging to them which was
lost through the carelessness or lrand of a re-
cruiting officer; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of such a
change of the law assessing a tax upon cigars
as shall levy the tax ad valorem; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KIKKWOOD presented the petition of
John H. Crowell, captain and assistant quar-
termaster of volunteers, praying that the ac-
counting oflicers of the Treasury may be author-
ized to allow him a credit in the settlement of
his accounts for money paid to enlisted men
of the fourteenth Maine volunteers employed
as cooks and nurses at the regimental hospital
at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in the months of
April, May, and June, 1862; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of the
mayor, recorder, aldermen, and common
council of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
praying that the aqueduct may be allowed to
remain as a bridge, and that a suitable draw
may be constructed in it so as to admit the pas-
sage of vessels; which was referred to the Com-
raitlee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented tho petition of
Mrs. Margaret Kaetzel. praying for an appro-
priation for the support of herself and family,
her husband having been killed on the Gth of
April, 186-3, by the premature discharge of a
cannon which was being used in firing a salute,
by order of the Secretary ot War, in honor of
the capture of Richmond: which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial of citi-
zen5, of the United Stales, remonstrating against
the restoration of any State lately in rebellion
until adequate security has been obtained against
a renewed attempt to secede, against any rep-
resentation in Congress beyond a just propor-
tion of voting population, and against any dis-
tinction on account of color or descent, and
praying for the adoption of such amendments
to the Constitution as will enforce the forego-
ing provisions; wh'ch was referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr, FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 37) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy forthagfear ending the
80th of June, 1807, reportedit with amendments.
Mr. BROWN submitted informally an amend-
ment which he proposes to offer as a substitute
for the bill (S. No. 38) to authorize the cOnr
struction ofabridge across the Mississippi river,
at tho city of St. Louis, State of Missouri, and
at the city of East St. Louis, State of Illinois;
which was ordered to be printed.
BELIEF OF DESTITUTE COLORED PEOPLE.
Mr. MORRILL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to report a
joint resolution (S. li. No. 49) for the tempo-
rary relief of destitute colored people in the
District of Columbia, and I ask for its present
consideration.
The joint resolution was read a first time by
its title, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution, to make an appropri-
ation for the destitute while people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
yet in a condition to be amended. The Senator
from Maine asks for tho present consideration
of the resolution. The first question is, Is there
any objection to the consideration of tho reso-
lution?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senator will
allow us to consider it, and then he can offer
his amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand tho objection
is withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the joint resolution will now
be read a second time.
The joint resolution was read thesecond time
by its title, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It appropriates $25,000 for the
relief of the destitute colored population in the
District of Columbia, to be expended under
the direction of the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. MORRILL. I ought in justice to the
Senate, I suppose, to state the condition of the
people for whoso relief this resolution is intro-
duced. It is the result of an inquiry made by
the Committee on the District of Columbia
into the condition of these colored people.
There are some ten or fifteen thousand of these
people that have been thrown into this city from
the adjoining States,and they are existing here in
astateofalmostutter destitution, inconceivable
suffering, and want. The committee have made
their condition the subject of personal inspec-
tion, and have come to the conclusion that as
an act of humanity to these people, as well as
a matter of security to the public health, it is
absolutely indispensable that some immediate
relief should be bad for these people. _ They
are now gathered in colonies on the skirts of
the city, in some instances close upon the
thickly settled parts of the city, and they are
literally breeding disease and death. As a mat-
ter of security, as well as a matter of humanity,
I am satisfied that this temporary relief ought
to be granted. I will send to the Clerk the
report of the superintendent of the Metropol-
itan Police, whoso attention was brought to
this subject, and who was requested to make
an inspection of the condition of these people,
and I ask that it may be road.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The paper
will be read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department of Metropolitan Police,
Office of Supeiuntekde.yt,
No. 483 Texth Stkef.t West,
WASiimiTON, March 6, 18G0.
Gentlemen: I liavo tho honor at tliia time to sub-
mit a report, based mainly upon personal insyoction,
of the sanitary condition of certain localities in the
city if Washington inhabited by coloied people,
mn-tly known a* "contrabands," together wiih cer-
tain other iacts connected with the condition of these
people.
The first locality visited is known as4 Murclei Bay,"
and is situated between Thirteenth and Fifteenth
streets west, below Oiiio avenue, and bordering on
