2468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
They have not discussed any provision of the
proposed amendment. I will not say they dare
not discuss them clause by clause and denounce
* them as they have, but it would evince a high
.degree of political courage.
Let us look at these provisions so fearfully
denounced by the gentlemen. Does my col-
league think he could go safely through his
district in Pennsylvania denouncing the prop-
osition to embody in the Constitution of the
United States a provision that—
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens ot the
United States; nor shall any State deprive any per-
son of life, liberty, or property without duo process
ot law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws?
There is not a man in Montgomery or Lehigh
county that will not say those provisions ought
to be in the Constitution if they are not already
there.
Again, sir, dare he read to' his constituents
the language of the second section and reiterate
his denunciations of it ? It is as follows:
Seo.2. Representatives shall beappoi tioned among
the several States which may be included within this
Union according to their respective numbers,count-
ing tlie whole number of persons in each State, ex-
eluding Indians not taxed. But whenever in any
State the elective franchise shall bo denied to any
portion of its male citizens not less than twenty-one
years of age, or in any way abiidged, except forpar-
tieipation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of
representation in such State shall be reduced, in
the proportion which the number ol such male citi-
zens shall bear to the whole number of male citizens
not less than twenty-one years of ago.
Shall the pardoned rebels of the South
include in the basis of representation four
million people to whom they deny political
rights, and to no one of whom is allowed a
vote in the selection of a Representative?
Can he tell the men of the boroughs of Nor-
ristown and Allentown that one red-handed
rebel in South Carolina is of right and ought
to be the equal of three of the best and most
patriotic of them on the floor of Congress or
in the college, for the election of President
ami Vice President';' He dare not do it. They
would spurn him and the insulting proposi-
tion. The men who fought the rebels and
crashed their confederacy would say, give us
at least equal consideration and power with
the traitors against whom we fought, and who
caused the death of three hundred thousand
of our patriotic brethren.
I come, sir, to the third section. To strike
that out would, in my judgment, be to emas-
culate the amendment. It is as follows:
Brio. 3. Until the 4'th day of July, 1870, all per-
sons who voluntarily adhered to the late insurrec-
tion, giving it aid and comfort, shall bo excluded
from the right to voto/or Representatives in Congres?
and for electors/or president and Vice President of the
United States,
Who ought to govern this country? The
men who for more than four years sustained
bloody war for its overthrow, or they whom
my colleague designates as ''that prescriptive
body of men known as the great Union party"
who maintained the Government against the
most gigantic rebellion since that which Satan
led? I quote rny colleague's language, and I
ask him whether he dare go before our fellow-
citizens and argue that magnanimity requires
us to hand the Government over immediately
to the vanquished but unconverted rebels of
the South.
J3e says, and so does the gentleman from
Ohio, that those States are in the Union, and
that their people cannot be disfranchised.
Mr. BO YER. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir, very briefly.
Mr. BOYER. I did not propose by any-
thing I said to hand this Government over to
the control of rebels. As X understand it the
people of the South, once rebels, are rebels no
longer ,■ and I say that when they are ready
to submit to the laws, as I believe they are,
and send loyal men to represent them in this
Hall, they have a right to be here and a right
to be heard in the affairs of the Government.
Mr. KELLEY. I will not reply to the gen-
tleman in my own language, but from the pen
of one who was as faithful to the rebellion and
the confederacy as he, but made greater sacri-
fices for them. For he was in North Carolina
and stood by the confederacy until its last army
was surrendered. I read from his letter of
3d instant.
Mr. BOYER. Do I understand my col-
league to say that I was faithful to the rebel-
lion?
Mr. KELLEY. I say this: that the Demo-
cratic party of the North fought for the rebel-
lion where there was no personal danger as
zealously as the Democratic party of the South
did on the field of mortal danger.
Mr. BOYER. And I say that my colleague
fights for disunion as zealously as ever armed
traitors at the South fought for it during the
rebellion.
Mr. KELLEY. Opinions differ—that is all.
Nothing further need be said on that subject.
In this letter of May 3, my clear-headed and
statesmanlike correspondent says:
" I have always held that it was absurd in us, after
being reduced to submission by the Federal Govern-
ment, to set up any claim of right to regulate the
term- of settlement.
"To me it is simply ridiculous to assert that the
States had both the right to secede, and, upon a fail-
ure to establish it, tlie right to return at pleasure.
No conclusion is more logical to my mind than this,
namely, that if the rieht of secession existed and was
exercised, the States are now conquered territory; or
that.ifitdidnotexist, the people, afterattemptingand
failing in a revolution, forfeited their most valuable
political rights. And in either case the consequences
nro practically not very different. Whatever I may
think of the wisdom of your plan of reconstruction,
the right of theGovernmontto malce one, nobody but
an insane man can deny. Like the vanquished every-
where, I think the people of the South will reap true
glory now in fortitude alone."'
That comes from as stout a champion of
secession, rebellion, and war as there was on
the floor of Congress during tlie war—one who
gave four years and most of his property to
sustain the cause.
I turn to another distinguished son of the
same State.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the gentleman to give
the name of the author of that letter.
Mr. KELLEY. Sir, so bloody-minded are
some of the baser sort of the reconstructed
that I am not disposed to offer a victim or two
upon the altar of the curiosity of the distin-
guished leader of the Democracy from New
Jersey. [Laughter.]
This letter is a little older than the other.
It is dated April 24:
"The course of events has not surprised me much,
though it grieves me exceedingly. I saw, or thought
I saw, that the best thing for the whole country, espe-
cially for the South, was entire harmony between the
President and the party which elected him. That
harmony has been broken, I fear, without hope of
restoration. I cannot but think that the President
has committed a great blunder, if not a great crime.
I know verily that for two or three months after the
surrender—until indeed his restoration policy was
fully developed and considered here a fixed fact
nolens volens—the southern mind was more like a
blank sheet of paper than I have ever knew it, more
free from prejudice, more disposed to broad national
views, and more susceptible to impressions favorable
to the North and northern men and northern ideas.
Upon that blank sheet of paper might have been
written enduring characters of peace, union, and
harmony between every section of the Republic.
But the timo was lost; when it will return, God only
knows. I give it as my deliberate conviction that
the prospect isdarkening everyday. Sectional pride,
sectional hate, sectional ideas are as rampant here
as they were before the war. Is it so at the North?
I cannot believe it is so. But I am told that the
determination is fixed to let no part of the fruits of
(ho war pass away till all be fulfilled. This is right.
Nor do I believe that our people will come to their
senses until they realize this fact beyond eavil or
dispute. The notion is sedulously inculcated here
that the.Northwest is thoroughly with the President
and against Congress."
Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that such
false notions are sedulously inculcated, and
produce much evil.
And the absurd notions inculcated here by
gentlemen who claim to be the peculiar friends
of the South are misleading the poor, impul-
sive. passion-rnled people of that section, and
prompting them to such deeds as were perpe-
trated last week at Memphis, encouraging
them to resist all efforts at conciliation and
social reconstruction, impelling them to drive
northern men and ca'pital from their respective
neighborhoods, and by threats, and deeds of
violence to retard the material development
of their own section and the interlinking of
ours with theirs by the ties of friendship, of
commerce. Yes, it is by promulgating such
groundless delusions and catering to their
wounded pride that the hour of safe and per-
fect reconstruction is delayed. No considera-
tion is more important than the animus of the
masses of the southern people; and he is not
their friend who blinds their judgment or fires
their hatred against the overwhelming majority
of the people of the North.
Yet what does the third section of the pro-
posed amendment, which my colleague says
the people of the South cannot accept without
dishonor, provide? Why, that at the end of
four little years all those who by the crime of
treason or the act of secession have disfranchised
themselves shall vote and the past shall be
politically forgiven, if not forgotten. Will my
colleague dare go to his people on the ground
that this offer is inhuman ? Will he ask them
as he did us how, if secession was a failure and
the war a success, the States got out of the
Union or the people lost their political rights.
My Carolina letter answers that. If secession
was a right it was exercised, and they are con-
quered territory; and if it was not a right, the
people embarked in rebellion and have lost
all civil and political rights, and the conse-
quences are practically the same.
Mr. BOYER. Where does my colleague •
find his authority for saying that they have iost
all their civil and political rights ?
Mr. KELLEY. I referred to the letter from
the gentleman's coworker in the southern wing
of the Democratic party during the last four
years, my correspondent from North Carolina.
Mr. BOYER. I ask better authority than
that of a rebel, although he may pass current
with my colleague.
Mr. KELLEY. The time was when such
would have been a good deal better than Re-
publican authority with the gentleman.
Mr. BOYER. It is just as good to-day as
the authority of the gentleman.
Mr. KELLEY. No advantage will accrue
from involving great national questions in per-
sonal wrangles. I quoted the authority, and
will ram it down the gentleman's throat in the
sixth district in the coming congressional cam-
paign.
Mr. BOYER. You had better take care of
your own congressional district, and I will take
care of mine. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
so, too.
Mr. KELLEY. I am in the habit of taking
care of my district, and mean to do it.
Mr. Speaker, this section which is denounced
as so degrading to the people of the rebellious
States simply proposes, as I have shown, to
restore to them at the end of four years those
rights which the sensible people of the South
know they have lost, and which they despise
Andrew Johnson for attempting to restore by
unconstitutional means. He has committed,
said one of them, in the letter from which I
read an extract, a great blunder, if not a great
crime; and that is the sentiment of the brave
men who fought us in the South.
The next section which the gentleman op-
poses is this:
Sbc. 4. Neither the United States nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation already
incurred, or which may hereafter bo incurred, in aid
of insurrection or of war against the United States,
or any claim forcompensation for loss of involuntary
service or labor.
There is not a voter in Pennsylvania that
does not approve that proposition. The men
of our State do not mean that the people of
the United States or future emigrants to the
southern States shall be taxed to pay the rebel
debts or for slaves set free by war : and I mean
that they shall see what the provisions are that
the gentlemen assail with broad generalities and
laudations of our modern "Moses." By the
way, I may as well remark that gentlemen are
mistaken when they suppose that Governor
Johnson, in his speech to the colored people
of Nashville, referred to the Moses of sacred
