;444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
' told is the farthest advanced in the way of re-
pentance and reconstruction.
Mr. President, I cannot we&ry the Senate
■with reading more from these provisions. The
■whole ten chapters are crowded -with instruc-
tion and crowded with admonition. Here are
ten chapters proposed for the government of
this freed population in the district of Florida,
bristling with penalties for all manner of con-
duct, from burglary and robbery down to abreach
of politeness and of etiquette! The most of
the penalties, as I have before remarked, are
limited to a fine of $1,000. Every such pen-
alty involves a sale-of the delinquent for his
whole life, for it could not be worked out short
of his whole life. Now, sir, what kind of men
are these for whose government and guidance
.-and control these most formidable provisions
• are made ? Are they really savages, barbarians,
-' men plunging into all sorts of excesses, men
whose hands are raised against the well-being
of society and against every interest of society?
Are these the men ? I will tell you what kind
of men they are, and I read it from the report
of the same commission which has framed these
bills. They say:
" "Where, in all the records of thopast, does history
present such an instance of steadfast devotion, un-
wavering attachment and constancy, as was exhib-
ited by the slaves of the South throughout the fear-
ful contest that has just ended? The country invaded,
homes desolated, the master absent in the army, or
forced to seek safety in flight, and to leave the mis-
tress and her helpless infantsunprotected, witll every
incitement to insubordination and instigation to ra-
pino and murder; no instance of insurrection, and
scarcely one of voluntary desertion, has been re-
corded. This constancy and faithfulness on the pait
of tile lato slaves, ivhilo it has astonished Europe and
Stamped with falsehood the ravinfts of the heartless
abolitionists, will forever commend them to the kind-
ness and forbcaranoc of their former masters."
This is the way they are commended to the
kindness and forbearance of their former mas-
ters. Laws enacted which punish criminally a
man who does not take his hat otf at the right
time j laws providing to punish a freeman who
is guilty of whatever a county criminal court
shall call an act of disrespect!
" Thoy [the masters! will do all in their powor to
promote his welfare, and to encourage and securoliis
moral and mental improvement."
Such as shutting up the houses of worship
againstliim, and forbidding liirn to enter on pain
of being arraigned and tried before the county
criminal court'.
""While ftiey confine him to his appropriate sphere
of social and political inferiority, they will ondcaior
to stimulate him to all legitimate etlorts at advance-
ment, and by the exorcise of kindness and justicc
toward him, teach liim to value and appreciate the
new condition in which he is placed."
I do not like the school at which they pro-
pose to place him!
" If, after all, their honest efforts shall prove una-
vailing, and this four millions ol' the human family,
butrceeiitty dialed up trom baibarii-m, and through
the influenceol southern masters elevated totho*t/(f?w
of Christian men and women, shall be doomed by the
inscrutable holiest of a mysterious Providence to fol-
low in the footsteps of the fast-fading aboiirines of
this continent; and when (lie last man of the race
shall be standing upon tin- eriimblin;,'brink of a, peo-
ple's itravc, i! will be some eoinpon.Nit inn to the de-
scendants of the southern master to cafeli the srateful
and benignant recognition of this representative man,
as jic pomt-i his withered linijcr to the author of his
rum and exclaims, 'Thoudidst it.'"
These provisions, from which I have read to
you some extracts, ate provided not, for the
guidance and control of savages and barbarians;
thoy are provided for the control of men whom
this very commission boast have been elevated
to the status of Christian men and women : they
are the ones who are to be excluded from the
houses of worship; they are the ones who are
to be punished criminally if they do not, ex-
hibit every mark of respect to their employer,
or to his authorized agent, which the county
criminal court thinks is duo from a eolored man
to a man who is not eolored!
• ^r' j^ssideut, I am occupying too much
time. I he naked truth, the palpable truth, is
we must not shut our eyes to it—these men
have not surrendered tlieir cause. This com-
mittee memorializing the committee on recon-
struction tell the truth when they say the sen-
timents and opinions and purposes of that
people are unchanged. We must therefore fur-
nish protection for this class of population and
for that other class of their population to which
I alluded the other day, the class which is not
black but which is almost equally as unfortu-
nate by reason of having been loyal. Sir, it
was but a few days since that a lady whom
I know to be a daughter of a man formerly
a resident, of Charleston, South Carolina, and
whoso name is known and honored throughout
the whole Union where loyalty is honored, told
me that soon after the bombardment of Fort
Sumter she had to leave Charleston because of
her known devotion to the flag of the nation.
During her absence her whole estate, which
was in the hands of trustees, was sold for a sum
utterly inadequate to its purchase, and the price
paid in the money of that confederate govern-
ment which was not recognized as a valid gov-
ernment either by the United States of America
or by any G o verument in the known world; and
we propose to leave all such cases of confisca-
tion in fact—for that is a" case of confiscation—
unredressed, to recognize the existence of these
political organizations which are in the hands
of the very class of men enacting and enforcing
such laws as I have just instanced. Nay, Mr.
President, it is an act of criminal disregard to
both the men we have made free and to the
men we commanded to be loyal, which this
Government eatmot venture upon with safety
to itself.
However much we may declaim about the
sanctity of the States and about the greatness
of the Government resulting from the States, I
must conclude by assorting what 1 said before,
that 1 estimate the greatness of this country not
by the number of organized States within it, but
by the number of people obedient to its com-
mand. When, therefore, gentlemen meet me
with the assertion that there tire thirty-six or
forty-six States in the Union, I answer them by
saying that I stand on the proposition that there
arc thirty million people in the Union. It is for
us and not for them to say whether tliey shall bo
organized into thirty-six or fifty-six or seventy-
six States.
The Senator from Maryland insisted the other
day that we must not recognize the possibility
of the people of a State destroying their own
government, because one State after another
might do it until there was but one State left, and
that, ho assumes, would be an unconstitutional
condition of things. Sir, I deny it. It is entirely
within the limits of possibility that thirty-live
out of thirty-six States might enact ordinances
of secession, might put f heir local authority into
the hands of tribunals sworn, as were the agents
of South Carolina and of Mississippi, not to up-
hold the Constitution of the United States, but
to resist it, and sliil there be a vast majority of
the people of the United States loyal to the flag
and obedient, to the Union. There would be but
one community, m my judgment, which could
elect Senators and Representatives to Congress
in that contingency: but I stand here and say
that, if there was but one State, if the State of
Rhode Island alone was the oaf) political
organization which had a Legislature sworn to
support the Constitution of the United States,
R bode Island could send two Senators here and
two Representatives to the other House, and sho
would rightfully command the allegiance, and
her laws would demand the obedience, of every
citizen within the United States ; and it does by
no manner of means follow that she would not
be able to enforce the authority of the United
States. II, does by no manner of means follow
that there would not be a number of loyal peo-
ple, in spite of the action oftheir local "govern-
ment, in each of the States which would rally
around the flag and enforce obedience to its
laws.
Mr. President, I have stated as well as I could
the reasons which induce me to believe most
firmly that if we recommit the powers of the
States to those people to-day, the rights and the
dearestinterestsofthesetwoclassesof men, one
of which we have made free and the other of
which we have found loyal, will be utterly dis-
regarded and trampled upon. I conclude by
saying that the Congress of the United States,
if it means to secure loyalty hereafter, or if it
means to secure respect for its supremacy or
for its laws hereafter, must not and cannot,
restore the functions of States to those people
until they have secured ample and complete
guarantees that the rights, the political rights, of
both these classes of people shall be respected.
I submit this resolution with these remarks and
hope it will go to the committee on reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator has not an-
swered my question yet.
Mr. HOWE. Excuse me. The question was,
what shall we do with the governments that
already exist in those districts?
Mr. STEWART. The organizationsthathave
been formed under the sanction of the Presi-
dent since the fall of the rebel armies.
_ Mr. HOWE. If weconcludetoorganizepro-
visional governments for those people, it seems
to me to result necessarily that the organiza-
tions lately created by the people of those dis-
tricts will have to follow in the footsteps of those
organizations which existed there at the time
the rebellion surrendered its arms. They rep-
resent precisely the same people, precisely the
same constituency; substantially the Legisla-
tures.and Governors were elected by the same
people. The President of the United States
said to the G overnors and the Legislatures which
existed there in April last, "You must retire;
pass aside, you are disloyal.'' For some reason
or other he said to them "Step aside." The
same people who elccted those Governors and
those Legislatures have, for some reason, and
under the permission of somebody, elected Gov-
ernors and Legislatures again. If we say after
all that these people have not been restored and
cannot bo restored now to the right to choose
Legislatures and Governors, these Governors
and these Legislatures, these political organiza-
tions, must pass away with the former ones, and
for precisely the same reason.
They are no more loyal themselves in tho
main. Individuals may lie more loyal, but as
a body they are no more loyal and represent no
more loyal constituency than those which ex-
isted there in April. But on the contrary, if we
say they are States, give them all the rights of
States. T do not object particularly to the indi-
viduals who it is said are, to be sent here as
Senators and Representatives, or who it is said
are elected Governors and members of their
Legislatures. I have no doubt they are a great
deal better than many you will see from there
for a good many years after you recognize these
organizations; but on the other hand, I do not
care to say that they are any worse than a great
many whom we hold eligible to ollice in the
northern States; that is, they would be eligible
if they could get the people to vote for them.
I do not hold that the men who made this war
and fought in it against the Government of the
United States aie an} worse than the men who
in our own communities at home have kept out
of both our armies and theirs, but who have
given all their prayers and all their encourage-
ment and all their sympathies to the men who
have been lighting against us. Their purpose
was tho same. One was just as disloyal to the
Government of the nation as the other. One
was a little bolder than the other; that is tho
only difference.
Sir, 1 put it to you, which of all those mis-
creants who went out to capture Jesus do you
think was really the most criminal? Were
they who went out with swords and staves in
their hands, avowing their purpose and clamor-
ing for the life of the Saviour, or was it that
sneaking fellow -who went out in the garb of a
friend and undertook to betray the Saviour of
the world with a kiss? 1 say it was not the ser-
vants of the high priest, but it was Judas him-
self. And among all those men who hare sought
to betray the authority of the nation I say those
are tho guiltiest who have not avowed their pur-
pose, but have gone as directly and as persist-
