1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I would have no objection, but it must be ob-
vious to the Senator from Delaware that the
principal portion of the destitute of this city
consists in the black population, and therefore
there i_s an obvious necessity for selecting the
agent indicated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Delaware?
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. T should like to have the
amendment reported again.
The Secretary read the amendment, to add
at the end of the resolution the following:
And that a like sum is hereby appropriated for tho
temporary relief of destitute white people in said
District, to be expended under the direction of the
mayor of the city of Washington.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Davis, Riddle, and Saulsbury—3.
KAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalow, Chandler,
Conness, Cowan, Cragin, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull. Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Wilson, and Yates—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Creswell, Divon,
Foot, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood, Mc-
Dougall, Hamsey, Sprague, Stockton, Williams, and
W right—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLEY. I now propose to amend
the resolution by striking out the word "col-
ored" before (he word ''population."
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection lo that
amendment, and will accept it and modify the
resolution accordingly, if I have the power to
do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Where a
bill or joint resolution is reported from a com-
mittee, unless the committee recommend an
amendment, the Chair is of the opinion that
the chairman of the committee cannot, technic-
ally, accept an amendment..
Mr. MORRILL. r Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from West Virginia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment, to in-
sert as an additional section the following :
And be it further rfiohr-d, That the corporate au-
thorities of this Dishiet be, and Ihey aie hejeby,
autiimized to lincl proper service and employment
for all able-bodied black or colored people in this
DMi'ict, either in or out of the District: and that
$5,000 be, and is hereby, appropriated to pay the
attending expanses.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no necessity for
that, and I hope the amendment will not be
agreed to.
Mr. IvlRlvWOOD. I move fco amend the
amendment by striking out the words ''black
or colored." I do not see why a white man
should not work as well as a black man.
Mr. DAVIS. On that I ask the }eas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I should like to
have the amendment, as amended, read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And be it further resolved, That tile corporate au-
thorities of this District be, and they arc hereby, au-
thoiized to find proper service and employment for
all able-bodied people in this District, either in or out
of tlio Distiict; and that §5,000 be, and is hereby,
appropriated to pay tho attending expenses.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
On the amendment as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. Imovetoamendtheamend-
ment by inserting after the word "authorized"
thewords "andrequired." ["Oh,no!"] There
appears to be a-general request to withdraw the
am endment to the amendment and I withdraw it.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after thewords " able-bodied
people" the words "excluding members of
Congress." [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 83 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Guthrie, Kirk-
wood, and Riddle—5.
NAYS — Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Conness,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Moriill.Nesmith, Nye,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey. Sa.ulshury, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—33.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Clark, Dixon, Foot,
Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, MeDougall, Norton,
Stockton, Williams, and Wright—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to strike out
the words "Commissioner of tho Freedmcri's
Bureau" and to insert " mayor of the city of
Washington," so as to leave the expenditure
of this money under the direction of the mayor
of the city of Washington instead of the Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY'. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas S3, nays 5 ; as follows :
Y ijAS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness,
Cowan, Ciagin, Cieswell, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fos-
ter, Grimes. Harris, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith,
Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, ltamsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Guthrie, Riddle,
and Saulsbury—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clarlc, Dixon, Foot,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, McDou-
gall, Williams, Wright, and Yates—12.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. MORRILL. The title should be amended
to correspond with the resolution by striking
out the word " colored."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so amended to correspond with the character
of tho resolution.
OUDEE 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the leave of the
Senate, 1 desire now to take up and linish I he na-
val appropriation bill, which was nearly finished
on Friday last. I presume it i\ill take but a
very short lime to dispose of it. All the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on Finance
and by outside committees were acted upon,
anil the further consideration of the bill was
deferred for the purpose of giving the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Axthuxy] an oppor-
tunity to offer an amendment. I should like to
dispose of that bill to-day.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Maine
will allow me to pass a little bill which will take
but a moment and lead to no debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I were to give way
to the Senator from N evada, I should lose my
chance. If the naval appropriation bill is taken
up, I shall not object to its being laid aside in-
formally to enable the Senator to lake up his
bill, if it will lead to no debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Maine
has not more than ten seconds of a chance.
There is a special order for one o'clock, which
will put his chance aside.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that?
Mr. CHANDLER. This day has been as-
signed to the Committee on Commerce for the
consideration of the bills reported by that com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is not very impor-
tant that the Committee on Commerce should
go on with their business immediately, I should
like to finish the naval appropriation bill in
order that it may be sent back to the House.
I think it will take but a short time.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it will not occupy
much time I will not object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know of any
amendment to be proposed to it exceptone-by
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Anthony,] and my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] informs me that he has an amend-,
ment to which probably there will be no objec-
tion. _ I-cannot tell how long it will take, but
we finished the bill substantially the other dav.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will move to
take up the special order for to-day; and when
it has been taken up, it may be laid aside in-
formally. I move to take up House bill No.
184.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine withdraw the motion made
by him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not interfere with
the honorable Senator from Michigan without
his consent if to-day_ was assigned for the con-
sideration of his business. I do not propose to
meddle with the order of business unless he
agrees to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I only want my business
taken up and then let it be laid aside informally
for the purpose of taking up the appropriation
bill referred to by the Senator from Maine. I
move to take up bill H. 11. No. 184, to authorize
the sale of marine hospitals and revenue cutters.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHA NDLER. Now, let it be laid aside
informally to accommodate the Senator from
Maine.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
be done by the unanimous consent of tho Sen-
ate. The Cliaii hears no objection.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take np the
Navy appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 122) making appropriations for the naval
service for tho year ending 30th June, 18C7.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section :
And be ii further enacted, That the Secretary of tho
Navy shall appoint a board of five naval officers, of
which Admiral Porter, tile present Superintendent,
and Commodore Blake, past Superintendent, of the
Naval Academy, shall be members, to examine and
report upon the mo-t, suitable place for the perma-
nent location of the Naval Academy, and that none
of the moneys appropriated in this act, for the en-
largement and improvement of the present location
be expended until tho report shall have been made.
I will read two or three sentences from the
annual report of the Secretary of the Navy,
which will explain the reason why I offer this
amendment:
The Secretary says:
" The academic grounds belonging to the Govern-
ment at Annapolis include only twenty-one acres,
and are wholly insufficient for the School. Their sit-
uation, in the heartoi a city, also subjects the youths
to temptations, iiom which at that period of life it is
desirable th ey should be removed. When the School
was oiiginally established at Fort Severn the incon-
veniences and objections that now present them-
selves may not have been experienced; but in the
present and prospectivecondition of our navalpower
the idea of permanently establishing a national in-
stitution of this character on these restricted grounds,
where large expenditures must be made in public
edifices and buildings and various improvements,
cannot be seriouslyehtertained by anyone who shall
give the subj eet candid and deliberate consideration."
The Secretary goes on to state that the School
was originally designed for one hundred and
eighty midshipmen, with the necessary officers,
professors, and instructors. The number now
authorized by law is five hundred and sixty-six,
with a corresponding increase of the academic
staff.
" There arc but ninety-six rooms in the present
quarters of the midshipmen, and each room is in-
tended for two occupants. The buildings are uefect-
ive in many respects, and were originally hastily
and imperfectly constructed. .
" Commodore Blake, the late intelligent Superin-
tendent, in a carefully prepared statement, estimates
tho cost of the buildings and improvements which
will be required at Annapolis, in order to make the
institution acceptable and worths' of the country, at
$800,000. I do not question that this amount, and
even a much larger sum. must he ultimately appro-
priated lor tho Academy: but it cannot be consid-
ered wise or expedient to make this investment within
the narrow and confined area which the Government
