446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
and as completely as we should have if we re-
duced them to a territorial condition and passed
elaborate laws for them ? Can we not keep
order there now? Is it not our duty to do it
Is it not the duty of the President of the United
States, through the military, to see that the laws
of the United States are executed and enforced?
Can we not then accomplish all that is neces-
sary for the peace and security of that portion
of the country without destroying that which
has been done ?
If we can build up without tearing down let
us do it, and then we shall have no difference
of opinion, then we can all agree. I think we
should allow these organizations to stand; and
when a man comes here who has been tried in
the fire of war in the South and is truly loyal to
the Union, ready to take your test oath, ready
to work with us for the restoration of the coun-
tiy; the State from which he comes being pro-
tected by the strong arm of the Government;
the freedman-being protected in all his rights
by the laws you pass under a Constitution which
is ordained for his freedom, will it hurt us, will
it lower the dignity of this body to admit on this
floor a truly loyal man from the South ?
I think that the voice of one or two loyal men
from the South, if we could get them here, would
not only aid us but would be an advantage to
the southern people; it would bo a warning to
them as to what they must do; it would be a
guide by which they might be conducted; it
would be arallyingpointaroundwhichaUnion
sentiment might be created in the South, lint
if we treat them all with contempt, if we do not
seek to build up the solid foundations of Slates,
but spend this session in tearing down what has
been done, we shall adjourn without having ac-
complished any good result. We must recon-
struct at Home time. To hold those States
permanently in the condition of Territories is
out of the question. You cannot do if. That
course would be contrary to the genius of our
institutions. The people of the North are op-
posed to it; the people of the South are opposed
to it. When you admit that you cannot have a
Union, when you admit that you have exhausted
all your powers and that there is 110 hope of a
Union of States, the North will rebel against
using mililary power to hold conquered prov-
inces, and you cannot get armies for that pur-
pose. Sir, we should never give up the idea
that we can have a Union. Whether we like
the southern people or not, we have got to try
the experiment of fellowship with them, and Ihat
before a great while. I •would rather have fel-
lowship with those who have been loyal than
with the mass of the disloyal; but under the
system of territorial organizations, 1 do not sec
that we can have any kind of fellowship either
with the loyal or disloyal. In this view of the
question. I am in favor of continuing in the
course we have common red, passing these lulls,
going on. as I consider, in this work of practical
reconstruction.
Mr. TItUM BULL, f wish to inquire what
has become of the bill that was the order of the
day at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
was laid aside by common consent to enable the
Senator from W isconsin t o go on with his speech:
and a subsequent discussion has arisen in con-
sequence of inquiries made by the Senator from
Maryland and the Senator from Nevada explan-
atory, as the Chair understood, of something
that the Senator from Wisconsin had said. No
objection having been interposed, the Chair did
not arrest the discussion. The bill properly
before the Senate is the bill which was the un-
finished business yesterday, and which was then
takenup on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. STEWART. I understood that that bill
was before the Senate when I spoke.
Mi\ TRUMBULL. That is Senate bill No.
01. 1 hat beingbeforethe Senate, Ipropose 
Mr. HOWE. I ask my friend to allow this
resolution of mine to be referred.
Mr. TliUMBULL. I have no objection, if
it can be done without debate.
Mr. POMEROV. I think we had irtter refer
this resolution. I have never known a discus-
sion prolonged before on a mere question of
reference. This resolution has been discussed
day after day on a mere question of reference;
let it be now referred to the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; let us get rid of it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The objection to its
going to a committee is one which 1 think ought
to be understood on both sides of the House.
It is not a proper subject of reference to a joint
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If my friend from Cali-
fornia will give way, I will move an executive
session, and that will dispose of the matter this
evening. There is executive business that re-
quires attention.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I give way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Senate bill No. 61 being
up, and being left as the unfinished business, 1
move an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some
time devoted to the consideration of executive
business, tho doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January '26, ]WH5.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. BoyxtOx.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PENNSYLVANIA COXT):gTK)> ELECTION.
Mr. UPSON, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report on the contested eleclion
in the sixteenth district of Pennsylvania, con-
cluding with the following resolutions :
lit.solved, Th.it Alexander H. Coffioth, upon the
certificate ;md pupeis relating to fho oleetion in tho
sixteenth eon^ressiomjl district ot'ttie State of Penn-
sylvania, has a prima Jnne light to tho vacant seat
trom that district, :uul is entitled to take the oath of
office and occupy a seat in this House as a Represent-
ative in Congress from said district without prejudice
to tile right of William IX. IvoonU, < taiming to have
been duly eleeted thereto, to contest, his ricclit to said
seat upon the merits.
Kcwloed, That WlUium TI. Koonty,, desiring to eon-
test the right of Hon. Alexander 1 J. Ootfrotli to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the six-
teenth district ot the Htate of Pennsylvania, be, and
he is hereby, required to serve upon said Coif' oth
iviiliin liiteeu days after the passage of this i esolution
a. particular statement of the grounds of said contest,
and tiiat saidCoiit'uiJi be, and iie is hereby, required
to seive upon said Koontz his answer thereto within
tifteen days thereafter, and that both parties be al-
lowed sixiy days next at tor the sen iceot said answer
to take testimony in suppoit of their several alle-
gations and deinnis. notice of intention to examine
witnesses to be given to tho opposite party at. least
five days before their examination, but neither party
to give notice of taking testimony within less than
five days between the close of taking it at. one place
and ils commencement at another, but m all other
lespects in the maimer prescribed in the act of Feb-
ruary It), 18f>l.
The report was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. PAINE. 1 rise to a question of privi-
lege, and present, a written statement of the
views of the minority of the Committee of
Elections on the same case. I ask that the
first resolution reported by the minority be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Rrxolwd, Thst William it. Koontz has the prima
facw. right to a seat m this I louse as a Representative
from tho sixteenth congressional district ot the State
of Pennsylvania.
The. SPEAKER. Tho report, with the ac-
i companying resolutions, will be laid upon the
! table, and be printed.
j COMMUNICATION WITH MONTANA ANI) IDAHO.
| Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the development of the gold-producing re-
gions of tho country is of the utmost importance to
the linancial success of the nation: and whereas com-
munication between tho northern tier of States and
the gold iields of Idaho and Montana is now possible
only by a long detour to tho southward as tar as St.
Louis: Therefore.
Rtsolrrd, That the Committee on Military Affairs
he directed to inquire into the expediency of directing
the Secretary of War, by bill or otherwise, to establish
a line of military posts from flic western boundary of
Minnesota to tile Teilitoiics of Montana and Idaho
by the most direct and advantageous rorte, and to
facilitate communication along said route by the con-
struction of a military road with proper bridges ovcr
tlie water-courses.
LEAVE OF AUSJSXUE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked and
obtained leave of absence for Mr. IIexdersox
for one week.
DRAWBACKS UPON EXPOItTS.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted tlie following resolution 5 which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
"Whereas a practice has recently grown up along
our northern and northwestern frontier of export-
ing merchandise to the British Province?, obtaining
a drawback of duties paid on the same, and creating
deposits of such goods at convenient places along the
line, whence they are smuggled back into the United
States, to the great detriment oi our revenue:
Jltsolvrd, That the Committee of "W.iyh and Means
ho directed to inquire into the expediency of reviving
the law of 1799, which provided that no drawback
should be allowed upon articles exported to any for-
eign t^tiite immediately adjoining the United States.
MESSENGERS if Oil JIOtSE POST 01TICE.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Po-t master of the House of Rep-
resentati\e^ be allowed two additional mos>engers
for the term of two months, to be paid out of tho con-
tingent fund of the House, at the rate of sevonty-livo
dollars each per month.
Mr. ^YASHBUIINE, of Illinois. If that
will give us our mails a little earlier in the
morning, I will agree to it.
Mr. STEVENS. The Postmaster of the
House says tliut the pressure of business is so
great that unless additional assistance be given
him he will not be able to accommodate mem-
bers with their mails as early even as he now
does.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of HMnois. If tho adop-
tion of this resolution be necessary for thai pur-
pose, I certainly shall nut object, because T
think we ought to receive our mails at leatt an
hour earlier every morning.
Mr. ROLLINS. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution is not before the House.
LIGHT-HOUSES OX NEW JERSEY COAST.
Mr. NE^YELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution 5 which was
lead, considered, and agreed to :
lle^olvcd, That the Cmiuaiitee on Commerce be re-
quested to inquire into the nece^ity of repairing and
relighting the light-house 011 Tucker's Beach, 011 the
coasl oi .New .1 ei>ey, and al-<> of erecting alight-house
at Mattawan Point, on the Raritaii bay; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
WILLTAM H. (lODDARP.
Mi. "DRfGGS, by unanimous const, ut. pre-
sented the petition of "William II. Goddard. for
compensation for services rendered the Gov-
ernment for the payment of which there is no
provision: which was referred to the Commit-
tee 01 Claims.
USE OF THE HALT..
Mr. HILL. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the lollowing resolution:
7?cso bifid, That the Oommittecon Rules be instructed
to report a rule prohibiting the use of the Hall of the
ffouse of Representatives for any other purpose than
the legitimate business of Congress.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that for a moment.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I will do so.
CLOSE OF TIIE DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. T understand thai the gen-
tleman from Kentucky has callcd for the regu-
lar order of business. If there be no objec-
tion I will now make an announcement in regard
to the joint resolution in reference to the basis
of representation.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say to the House, if there be no good reason
for postponing it longer, that I will call for a
vote on the pending special order on Monday
next, after the morning hour. The debate wilt
then have run for a week. It seems to me that
