80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
Senate & Ho. of Beps.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
39tii Cong .... 1st Sess.
compiled for a portion of the third volume. A
preliminary report, purporting to present "a
synopsis of the results'' established by the cen-
sus, .had also been transmitted to Congress on
the 21st day of May, 1802.
The entire appropriation of $1,042,000 was
exhausted, and liabilities, amounting to a con-
siderable sum, had not been discharged. The
liberal appropriation justified the general ex-
pectation that an authent-ie and faithful rec-
ord of our population, condition, and re-
sources, at the commencement of the decade,
would be published at an early period after the
completion of the census returns. The value
of statistical matter derived from such records
is materially impaired for practical uses by pro-
crastinating its publication. This is especially
true in a country rapidly increasing in the ele-
ments of material wealth, where all industrial
pursuits are prosecuted with unexampled vigor
and success.
The work on the census of 1860 had been
unreasonably delayed, and the Department
deemed the immediate and energetic prosecu-
tion of it of vital importance; but there was
no fund specifically applicable to the purpose.
The diminished business of the General .band
Office, resulting from the condition of affairs
in the southern States, had not required the
appointment of the full number of clerks au-
thorized by law; and some of those engaged
upon the census were, with your approbation,
transferred to that bureau. This placed them
under the supervision of its efficient head, and
rendered the services of the former superin-
tending clerk of the census no longer necessary.
I expressed to the Commissioner an anxious
desire that the remaining volumes should bo
prepared for the press witli all the promptitude
consistent with a scrupulous regard to accuracy,
and i am happy to say that it has been fully re-
alized. The returns have been arranged and
classified in the most careful and thorough man-
ner, and the work has been advanced with a dis-
patch in striking contrast with its former tardy
progress. The third volume, entitled "Manu-
factures," has been completed and printed.
The fourth and last volume, embracing mortu-
ary, educational, and miscellaneous statistics,
has been prepared for the public printer, and
will be ready for distribution at an early day.
The clerks were transferred to positions inferior
in grade and remuneration to those they had
previously held, as there were no other vacan-
cies. 1 submit to Congress the propriety of
making their pay equivalent to that which they
formerly received, and of providing additional
compensation for the Commissioner and the
chief clerk of the General Laud Office, in con-
sideration of the increased duties and responsi-
bilities which devolved upon them.
The expediency of providing means to enable
this Department to lay before Congress annually
a report on population, and the manufacturing
and other material interests of the I' nited States,
is, in my opinion, worthy of the consideration
of Congress.
UNION' FACIFIC RAILROAD.
The act approved July 1, 1802, to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the Missouri
river to the navigable waters of the Pacific, and
subsequent legislation on this subject, with its
hearty approval by the people, furnish a strik-
ing prool of the unconquerable determination
of the nation and an unfaltering faith in its
ability to preserve its territorial integrity, llad
it been deemed possible that our country could
fall a prey to rebellion, and its dissevered parts
become subjected to the control of separate and
alien governments, the construction of such a
work would never have been undertaken, and
its execution would have been impracticable.
Although, at the date of the enactment of these
several laws, the resources of the nation were
severely taxed, measures were adopted deemed
adequate to induce capitalists to engage in the
construction of this great thoroughfare, in the
conviction that it would forever remain the
property of a united people. The energy dis-
played iu its prosecution for two or three years
diu not, however, equal public expectation and
thawishes of the Government. But during the
past year, as will be seen from the report of
Lieutenant Colauel Simpson, of the Engineer
corps of the Army, detailed by your order to
serve, under the instructions of the Secretary
of the Interior, in supervising this and other
kindred works, it has been progressing in a sat-
isfactory manner, from Omaha, Kansas City,
and Atchison, westward, and from Sacramento,
California, eastward.
The amount of private capital already in-
vested, the high personal character of the gen-
tlemen connected with its'prosecution, and the
munificent subsidy of the Government, combine
to give assurance that the whole will be com-
pleted within the period fixed by law, thus fur-
nishing a continuous line of railway from the
Atlantic to the Pacific.
Its effects, in promoting immigration, opening
vast and rich regions of the continent to settle-
ment, developing our inexhaustible national
resources, and perpetuating the unity of the
American people, will be more and more ap-
preciated as it approaches completion.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company, incor-
porated under the congressional act above cited,
reports by its president, under date of the 5th
ultimo, that on the lath of October last sixteen
miles of track had been laid west from Omaha,
and that arrangements had been made to pros-
ecute the work at the rate of one half mile per
day. The company has five locomotives and
seventy cars on the road. Machine shops and
.station buildings of the most permanent char-
acter are in progress of construction, and will
be finished in the course of the present month.
The grading of the first hundred miles was, at
that date, nearly ready for the superstructure,
and that of the second hundred miles had been
commenced. The first sixty miles of the track
will bo ready by the end of next month, and no
doubt is entertained that the first hundred miles
will lie in operation by the 1st day of July
next, in compliance with the requirements of
law. The directors express the belief that an
additional hundred miles will be in operation
by the 1st day of July, 1807, and they are not
without hope that they will, at that date, have
constructed two hundred and fifty miles of road,
and reached the one hundredth meridian, where
the line of the eastern division, commonly called
the Kansas branch, is to unite with it.
Several parties of engineers have been act-
ively engaged ; one in surveying the Spanish
fork and the country west from Salt Lake to the
valley of the Humboldt; another up the Cache
de la Poudro to the Laramie river; and a third
from the one hundredth meridian west. A
fourth has been occupied in locating the sec-
ond hundred miles of the road. Strenuous ef-
forts have been made by the directors to press
on the work with a dispatch commensurate
with its acknowledged importance. The ex-
penditures already amount to $3,500,000,
wholly derived from private contributions.
In this connection it may not be amiss to
state that on the J 2th of May last the company
made application to substitute a new line for
that adopted between Omaha and the crossing
of the Elkhorn. It was deemed advisable, be-
fore determining which line offered the most
"direct and practicable route,'' to order a
thorough personal examination of botii by a
competent engineer, who was instructed to re-
port on their relative advantages. The officer
detailed by the Secretary of War at my'request,
as above mentioned, discharged this duty with
fidelity and success. His report embraces the
instructions of the Department, as well as the
result of his careful examination, and the cor-
respondence to which it gave rise.
The contemplated new location received your
approval. Some time was in this way unavoid-
ably consumed, and the company deemed it
expedient to suspend active operations on that
part of the road until the result of your final
action upon the application was officially com-
municated.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company, east-
ern division, has completed forty miles of the
railway and telegraph line, extending from the
mouth of the Kansas river to a point near Law-
rence ; and it had in October last four locomo-
tives on the road, and was then expecting the
arrival of another at Wyandotte. There were
on the track three first-class passenger, forty-
four freight, twenty-one box, one baggage,
twelve hand cars, and two iron truck cars.
The company has also contracted for four ad-
ditional first-class passenger, two express and
mail, and ten box freight cars, all to be deliv-
ered within a short period. The company re-
ported on the 11th ultimo that an additional
section of twenty miles had been completed,
which is now in process of examination by
commissioners, in the mode required by law.
Surveys have been extended to the one hun-
dredth meridian, a distance of about three hun-
dred and eighty-one miles. There is also a
party in the field making surveys of the Smoky
Hill route, who are to extend their surveys to
Denver City, about five hundred and eighty-one
miles from the eastern terminus of the road.
The president of the Atchison branch of the
Union Pacific railroad submitted a report bear-
ing date the 15th ultimo. It represents that
the bridges and masonry on the first section of
twenty miles of the road are all completed,
cross-ties prepared, the track being laid, and
that this portion of the road is under contract,
and will be finished by the 1st day of January
next. It further represents that the bridges
are constructed of the best materials, and that
the buildings now in process of erection are of
stone, roofed with corrugated iron ; that the
second section of twenty miles is also under
contract, and will be completed on the 1st
day of May next.
The commissioners appointed by your prede-
cessor, under date September 8, 1864, reported
upon thirty-one miles of the railway and tele-
graph line constructed by the Centjal Pacific
Kailroad Company of California. This part
of the road, extending eastward from Sacra-
mento city to a point near Newcastle, in Placer
county, California, is completed and in daily
use. Under date of the 17th July last, twelve
additional miles of the road were reported to
be in running order. On the lGth day of Sep-
tember last, the president of the company filed
in the office of the surveyor general of Cali-
fornia his affidavit, setting forth that the com-
pany had completed the grading and all the
work required to prepare the railroad for the
superstructure on the section of twenty miles
lying next eastward of the town of Newcastle,
at an expense of ยง1,098,000. Five thousand
laborers, it is alleged, are employed, and the
company manifest the greatest vigor and activity
in carrying on their operations.
On the 21tli day of December last, the Sioux
City and Pacific Kailroad Company, a corpo-
ration organized under the laws of Iowa, was
designated by the President of the United States
for the purpose of constructing and operating a
line of railroad and telegraph from Sioux City
to such point on, and so as to connect with,
the Iowa branch of the Union Pacific railroad,
from Omaha, or the Union Pacific railroad, as
the company might select. The president of
the company, on the loth of June last, submit-
ted a map designating the general route of said
road, but the Department is not advised that its
construction has been commenced.
I cordially concur in the views expressed by
my predecessor, in his last annual report, as to
the propriety of securing, if practicable, the ap-
pointment of Government directors in each of
the companies engaged in the construction of a
branch or any part of the main line of this road.
Such directors are now appointed for the com-
pany organized under the act of Congress, and
with evident advantage to the public interests.
The concurrent action of the States from which
the companies derive their corporate power,
