3480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
go over again. Now this, I believe, is the third
time this has been before the Senate, and I
hope we shall take a vote upon it and conclude
it. I feel no great interest in the measure,
because I think the bill is so drawn that it is
useless for any good purpose for the company
when they get it. They get no exclusive privi-
leges ; they get no particular rights; and I do
not believe capitalists will invest in it aff;er the
bill is passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am indifferent whether
this bill be disposed of finally to-day or at some
future time. I hope the Senate will reject a
bill like this; but if it is to be adopted, and
this policy entered upon by the General Gov-
ernment, we may as well do it to-day as to-
morrow or some future time. I was not aware
that the Congress of the United States had
ever extended to other telegraph companies the
privileges that it is proposed to grant by this
bill. I know that in the State of Indiana the
telegraph companies construct their lines and
conduct their business under State law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Indiana will allow me to interrupt him
and to suggest that, on my motion, it is prefer-
able to take the sense of the Senate on the
point whether the bill is to be postponed or
whether the discussion is to go on to-da_v. Let
us settle that point before wo go into discus-
sion.
Mr. GRIMES, [to_ Mr. Doolittle.] What
do you propose to bring up? Anything?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There are other mat-
ters that ought to come up to-day; and be-
sides, I gave notice yesterday that I should
move early to-day for an executive session,
because one of the treaties yesterday was not
disposed of. I could not keep the Senate hero
long enough yesterday to dispose of it. I hope
this bill will be allowed to go over until to-
morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will only stand in the
„ way of other business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
the postponement. Of course a bill of this
sort is not to pass without investigation and
discussion. If the Senate wishes to take up
something else, I shall not be in the way of
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be very>glad
to call up the House bill to fix the number of
judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States and to change the judicial circuits. I
have been trying to get the floor to move to
take it up for severaf days ; but there are so
many of these telegraph lines and railroad
companies and land-grant railroad companies
that it has been impossible to do any other
business for, I should think, several weeks. I
hope this bill will be postponed or voted upon
and got out of the way in some shape so that
wc may do some other business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take a vote on it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is very clever in the
Senator from Ohio to propose to just take a
vote on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the postponement I
mean.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
wanted the vote on the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall come to
a vote on the bill pretty soon. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
# taken, resulted—-yeas 19, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bucknlew. Chandler, Creswell,
Davis, Doolittle. Edmund4!, Foster, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Poland, Rid-
dle, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Conness,
Harris, Kirkwood, Nesmitb, Norton,Poraeroy, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Stewart.Wade, and Williams—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Cragin, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Henderson, Howe. Johnson, Lane of
Indiana. Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Sumner, Wright, and Yates—16.
51ESSAGE FROM THE IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
without amendment a bill (S. No. 817) to amend
an act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
'An act to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes,' approved July 1,
1862," approved July 2, 1864.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bijls and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 18) for the relief of the
members of the thirty-seventh regiment of Iowa
volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 725) to provide for the
payment of the sixth, eighth, and eleventh regi-
ments of Ohio volunteer militia, of Cincinnati,
Bard's company of cavalry, and Paulsen's bat-
tery, during the time they were in the service
of the United States in 1862;
A bill (H. R. No. 728) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue certificates of
registry or enrollment and license to certain
vessels *
A bill (H. R. No. 729) to change the port
of entry in Puget sound ;
A bill (II. R. No. 730) relating to pilots and
pilot regulations; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 178) in refer-
ence to the Dismal Swamp Canal Company.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 110) to authorize the
hiring of a building or buildings for the tem-
porary accommodation of the Department of
State, with an amendment, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) for the
relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan
Cornish, for carrying the United States mail
from Boise City to Idaho City, in the Terri-
tory of Idaho, and of Daniel Wellington and
J. C. Dorsey, for extra services in carrying
the mail; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
COURTS IN GEORGIA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill (S. No. 882)
to change the placc of holding court in the
northern district of Georgia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that the district
court for the northern district of Georgia shall
hereafter be held at Atlanta, instead of Mari-
etta.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, reed the third time, and passed.
WOODWARD AND CHORPENNING.
Mr. WADE. I move now again to take up
the joint resolution which was under consid-
eration this morning, but which was laid aside
until the Senator from Pennsylvania should
come in.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the "Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
123) for the relief of Elizabeth Woodward and
George Chorpenning, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCICALEW. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have reduced the appropriations
contained in the House joint resolution, by
the sum of $8,450, by putting a reduced val-
uation on the animals proved to have been
lost in the mail service. That is the only
change made in the resolution. Otherwise it
stands precisely as it came from the House of
Representatives.
A bill or provision for the relief of the
claimants formerly passed the House of Rep-
resentatives at three different sessions. On
two of the former occasions the subject was
not acted upon in the Senate for the want of
time. On the third occasion, after the pas-
sage of the measure in the House which in-
cludc-d this proposition,, a part of it was struck !
out by the Senate Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, at the instance of the late
Judge Collamer, for the reason, and only for
the reason, that it was a subject not pertinent
to the consideration of that committee but ap-
propriate to the consideration of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. It was also his opinion
that it was properly a legitimate subject for
examination and assessment by the Indian
department, and he suggested that the case
should be laid before that department. For
thatreasou the first section of that bill contain-
ing four sections in relation to the carrying of
this mail was stricken out. Subsequently the
claim was examined by the Indian department
and rejected upon certain technical grounds,
not affecting its merits, and leaving open, in
my opinion, the whole question of the legal
obligation of the Government, under the exist-
ing law, for the consideration of Congress.
Now, sir, the House of Representatives have
again passed a measure for the relief of the
claimants, differing only from the first measure
to which I have alluded in the fact that it cov-
ers an additional period of time. That covered
a period extending through 1851 up to July,
1852. The present resolution and the last bill
which passed the House of Representatives and
remained unactcd on in the Senate included a
period of time extending up to March, 1856.
This subject has been reported upon by fhe
House Committee on Indian Affairs. I hold
that report in my hand, and if the Senate de-
sire to pause for a full examination of this
claim upon its merits, it will, I suppose, con-
sult the convenience of members and save
time to have that report of the House commit-
tee read.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the reading of that
report if it is not too long. It seems to be a
very old claim, and I should like to know how
it differs from a great many other cases whero
parties lost property on the plains, so as to
entitle these persons to precedence.
The Secretary read the following report
made in the House of Representatives by Mr.
A. W. Hubbard on the 27th of April:
Tho Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition of George Chorpenning, submit
tho following report:
'The committee have carefully reviewed tho facts
as set forth by the proofs in tho case, fully concurring
in tho views expressed by the respective Committees
on Indian Affairs oftheTirirty-Fitth, Thirty-Seventh,
and Thirty-Eighth Congresses, and rcpoitthatit is
fully established that George Chorpenning and Ab-
salom Woodward^ were contractors for carrying the
United States mails from California to Salt Lake, in
Utah Territory; that they were the first personsever
engaged in transporting themails throughthatcoun-
try, commencing as early as Slay 1,1851, and connect-
ing at Salt Lake with the line east, formed tho first
"overland mail line" ever established across the con-
tinent; that in the performance of these duties they
were compelled to pass regularly through the Indian
haunts of the country; thatthemail parties or trains
were repeatedly attacked, men killed and wounded,
mules, horses, and other property stolen and de-
stroyed by them; that in November, 1851, Absalom
Woodward with his escort of four men were attacked
and murdered by those Indians, and all the property
in their charge destroyed. The petitioner, Chorpen-
ning, continued to carry the mail for Woodward and
Chorpenning down to tho 30th of June, 1852, and on
his own account since.
The proof i3 sufficient to.establish that from the
commencement of the service down to the 30th of
June, 1852, eighty-three mules and horses and other
property^ valued at ->',275, were killed and destroyed
by the Indians, together with a largo amount of
money on the person of Woodward when he was
killed. The proofs also establish that from Juno
30,1852, to April 1,1856, eighty-six mules and horses
were killed or stolen, and property of tho ralue of
8570 destroyed by the Indians. For this property
George Chorpenning and Absalom Woodward are
entitled to indemnityfrom the Government.
It has been the policy of the Government to regard
the Indians within its limits, and not subjected to
the legislation of any of the States, as distinct but
imperfectly organized political communities, under
the control and protection of the Government of the
United States.
The intercourse of the whites with the Indians is
regulated bylaw, and all persons going among them
in tho service or by the special license of tho Uni-
ted States are under its protection. If such persons
are injured by tho Indians they have no redress by
resort to judicial tribunals, for none such exist, among
the Indians; and such persons are strictly prohibited
from obtaining redress by reprisals, but the Govern-
ment promises to pay their losses.
It is unnecessary to review the series of laws passed
to effect these objects. The act of 30th of June, 1834,
(5 Statutes-at.-Large,) is thelast of tho general series.
