1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
possesses at Annapolis. No amount of money which
Congress may expend in buildinssand improvements
to that location will be satisfactory, and at no distant
day a different anil better site will be procured. This
should not be delayed. True economy and the best
interests of the Government prompt an immediate
selection of the best position that carrtie obtained,
before any greater expense shall have been incurred
in large and costly edifices, and other substantial im-
provements."
The Secretary goes on to recommend that
the Department be authorized to select a site.
I understand that the bill before us by an
amendment heretofore adopted authorizes the
purchase of four and a half acres to be added
to these grounds, making them twenty-five and
a half acres in all. The Secretary-says that
the grounds of the Naval Academy should be
as large as those of the Military Academy which
are more than a thousand acres, and the bill
proposes to expend permanently I think about
two hundred thousand dollars, or something
more, for the improvement and extension of the
Academy. TheSecrctary of the Navy says that
$800,000 is an under-estimate of the sum that
will be necessary to make the Academy at all
worthy of the country. He strongly advises
that we shall not locate it permanently at that
placo. I am not prepared to say that Annap-
olis is or is not the best place for the Naval
Academy. The Secretary of the Navy thinks it
is not, and thinks that whole city would hardly
furnish accommodations enough for the institu-
tion ; but, 1 desire to have the best possible in-
formation on the subject so that before this
Academy is permanently located, before we
expend a million and a half of money upon it,
we shall be sure it is in the best place, and
therefore 1 have offered this amendment, that
a board of live naval officers, one of whom shall
be the present Superintendent of the Academy,
Admiral Porter, and another the late Superin-
tendentwho has served in that capacity a double
term, one term at Annapolis and one term at
Newport, shall report upon the best location for
it. 1 hope the Senate will not appropriate this
very large sum of money and the immensely
large sum that will be necessary to render the
present appropriations available, before it is
rendered cei tain that we have obtained the best
place for the Academy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely rise to suggest
to the Senator whether be had not better add
a clause providing that the money shall not bo
expended at Annapolis unless the report be
favorable to that location. It provides that
the money shall not be expended until the re-
port shall have been made; lot him add, and
shall not be expended at Annapolis unless the
report should he in favor of that place,1' or
words to that, effect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I supposed that would
follow as a matter of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know about that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will alter the amend-
ment at the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio, by adding the words "nor until the
board shall recommend the present location."
Mr. GRIMES. I will not say that I am
surprised at the amendment that is offered by
the Senator from Rhode Island, because I
was informed by him in advance that he would
offer such a proposition ; but it would strike
nio as rather strange that any Senator, unless
it be a Senator from Rhode Island where the
Academy for awhile was temporarily located,
should offer a proposition of this kind. It is
very true that the Secretary of the Navy has
proposed to change the location of the Acad-
emy. It is also true that he is anxious to take
it down on to the waters of James river, into
the vicinity of Newport News, to which I have
told him that I was unalterably opposed. I
have told him also that I was satisfied that a
large majority, almost the unanimous voice of
the Senate, was against it. He, of course, in
his effort to carry out his views, to get the
Academy transferred to Newport News, where
he proposed to buy from a thousand to fifteen
hundred acres of land, has assigned various
reasons why it ought not to be continued at
the present place. I believe that nearly every
one of those reasons is fallacious.
In the first place, I am convinced that there
is nearly as much land at Annapolis, or will
be when wo make the additions which we have
made the appropriations to purchase, as there
is at Vest Point; I moan land that is available.
I know that the Government owns large tracts
of land at West Point of an almost mountain-
ous character, that even a goat or a chamois can
hardly travel over; but I am speaking of that
portion of the ground that is susceptible of use
by the cadets. In the second place, we do not
need half the ground at the Naval Academy
that is needed at the Military Academy. We
do not have any cavalry exercises; we do not
teach our boys horsemanship, or anything of
that kind.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, they do.
Mr. GRIMES. Horsemanship I No ; I beg
the Senator's pardon, we do not. We try to
teach them to be sea-horses themselves.
[Laughter.] Their business is to learn to
navigate ships, and not to manage horses. I
know, Mr. President, very well, that there are
some objections in the minds of some people
to having the Academy so near a town. I do
not think that it is so very objectionable. These
young men cannot pass from the Academy
grounds into the town without passing by a
sentinel. It is competent for the Superintend-
ent of the Academy to establish his own regu-
lations as to the terms and the times when they
shall be permitted to go outside of the Acad-
emy ; and he establishes those rules. I„do not
think that the Secretary has exhibited his usual
good judgment in proposing to take the Acad-
emy away from Annapolis and carry it down
into a country where there is nobody, remote
from all civilization, where there is not a vil-
lage within thirty miles, I believe; to isolate
them entirely from all civilization; and I have
had no hesitation in saying so; and although 1
am in the habit, as a general thing, of concur-
ring with him, for I think that his judgment on
most things is correct, yet upon this subject I
have no hesitation in saying that I am con-
vinced that he is most decidcdly in error.
Now, what is it that is proposed by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island? That we shall let
things remain exactly as they are at Annapolis
until after a commission shall be appointed, two
of whom he selects, one of whom, I presume, ho
supposes to be in favor of taking the Academy
to Newport or some of the islands of Narragan-
sct bay—I infer that, at least, and I think it is
a legitimate inference. Perhaps he judges that
both of them are in favor of it 
Mr. ANTHONY. I think they are very
sensible men, and therefore would bo likely
to be.
Mr. GRIMES. He proposes that everything
shall remain in statu quo at Annapolis; that the
young boys now sickly because they are eon-
lined on board vessels where they live almost
the whole time, except on Sundays or when they
go out to take a little military exercise, shall
remain there for an indefinite period until this
board shall have had an opportunity to go up
and down the whole coast and shall have agreed
upon a place to which the Academy shall be re-
moved, and that action of the board shall have
been ratified by the Secretary of the Navy and
buildings of a proper description shall have been
erected to which they can be transferred. I do
not think the Senate is prepared to adopt any
such proposition.
Mr. President, Ihave no sort of partiality for
Annapolis; I have no great regard for Mary-
land; I think I am capable of looking at this
question of the location of the Naval Acad-
emy with great disinterestedness. I believe that
it is now located where it ought to b„e. The
grounds are not quite as capacious as they ought
to be, but we have made provision in the bill
now under consideration, by an amendment
which was adopted with great unanimity by the
Senate, to'enlarge them to an extent to which
I believe it is necessary they should be en-
larged. I think the climate, the location, every-
thing connected with the present site, with the
exception of the spaciousness of the grounds,
speaks in favor of Annapolis, and I have no
question that with the $50,000 we have appro-
priated to enlarge the grounds we shall acquire
all the territory that we desire.
I trust this amendment will not receive the
concurrence of the Senate, and I have no idea
that it will.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have very great respect
for the opinion of the Senator from Iowa upon
naval affairs, and I have very great respect for
the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy upon
naval affairs. They are diametrically opposite
upon this point. As I do not wish to decide
and do not wish the Senate to injure the feel-
ings of either of them by deciding against him,
I propose that we refer this matter to men who
know more about it than either of them can
know. I propose that we refer it to a board of
naval officers in whose ability and impartiality
the country will have the highest confidence.
I ask the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance if he wishes to have an appropriation of
$200,000 now, which, in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Navy, must be increased to a
great deal more than $800,000, to be expended
upon a place where, in the judgment of the
Secretary of the Navy, the Academy ought not
to be.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me
to say just at this point that I have letters in
my desk from the Secretary of the Navy asking
for every one of the appropriations the Senator
objects to. He may set off one against the
other.
Mr. ANTHONY. One is not a set-off against
the other, for undoubtedly if the Academy is to
bo kept at Annapolis these appropriations are
proper, and I should vote for them if it is to
be kept there. Wherever the Academy is, it is
necessary to expend a great deal more than
$800,000; so says the Secretary. I have made
no estimate myself and I am not capable of
making estimates on such a subject; that is the
information he sends to us, and he undoubtedly
lias arrived at that judgment from consultation
with naval officers.
Two years ago when, on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa, we inserted an amendment
in the naval appropriation bill directing the'
Academy to be removed from Newport to An-
napolis, I said that the expense of erecting
suitable accommodations for the Academy
would be so great, either at Annapolis or New-
port, or anywhere else, that the buildings al-
ready erected at Annapolis could not be taken
into the account except as to the expense of
tearing them down; and then the Senator from
Iowa told me the whole expense would be but
$20,000, and yet now he brings in amendments
on this bill for an expenditure of $200,000.
This shows that he, as well as the Secretary of
the Navy, may be mistaken upon naval matters.
Is it not fair and proper that in selecting the
location of tl!e institution which is to become
the nursery for the naval officers of the coun-
try for all time, we should bo sure that we
have the best place ? What is the harm of this
commission ? If the commission decides that
Annapolis is the best place I shall submit to
it; if it decides that Annapolis is not the best
place every Senator here, including the Sen-
ator from Iowa himself, would yield to such
an authority, and would be in favor of putting
it elsewhere. I hope that so large a sum of
money will not be expended upon any doubtful
location.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the Senator from.
Rhode Island has appealed to me, I will say that
I do not follow every great idea that the Secre-
tary may have in his mind. If I have been
rightly informed, the first idea of the Secretary
of the Navy, when he proposed to remove the
Academy, was to take it down to Newport News.
Mr. ANTHONY. He does not state so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He does not say so in
the report before the Senator; he may have
abandoned that idea. I am satisfied myself that
Annapolis is a very fit and proper place for it.
It has been there heretofore, and with the pur-
chases that are proposed by the amendments
made to this bill, the present location will be
sufficient. I think it of consequence to have
