2470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
proposition which it contains, to what may
seem to be the common sense of this House
and of Congress, so that we may together arrive
at what may seem to be nearest right, and yet
capable of being agreed upon by all of us, or
by a proper majority. _ I shall therefore raise
now no question of criticism, nor insist upon
the language which I would have used, or the
form which I wouldhave preferredm present-
ing a similar or equivalent proposition.
The objection which has been made by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] to that
particular feature of this amendment, is, as I
understand him, this, that it seems to conflict
with previous legislation of Congress which
authorized the President to grant pardon or
amnesty to those who had been engaged in the
insurrection, and that now, after pardon or
amnesty, proclaimed either to individuals or
classes, it seems an act of bad faith to punish
further and again by denying the rigl^t of the
elective franchise to any of these men who have
been aiding and abetting the rebellion. I state
the objection, I think, in the broadest and full-
est extent to which it seems to go, and with all
the force with which it seems to have struck the
mind of my friend from Maine, [Mr. Blaixe.]
At first it does seem to be a startling proposi-
tion. On the surface it would appear as if there
was some bad faith in granting amnesty, in
pardoning, and yet, as it were, still pursuing
these insurgents and depriving them of certain
privileges as additional punishment. If I un-
derstood this to be punishment, if I understood
it to be a penalty imposed on them, depriving
them of rights which they now enjoy, I would
agree to the proposition made by the gentle-
man from Maine, and say that there is an in-
consistency between the former action of Con-
gress and the executive clemency exercised in
carrying out the authority given by Congress,
and that which is now proposed in the shape of
amendment to your Constitution.
But, sir, 1 do not regard it in that light, and
it is for the purpose of showing wherein it
struck me differently that I propose for a few
minutes to occupy the attention of the House.
Sir, the people of this country and those
controlling the interests of the country now in
official capacity are struggling between two
ideas, more or less clearly denned on either
side, and influencing the action of those who
espouse them. There is, on one hand, what is
called the President's theory for reconstruc-
tion of the States, and on the other what may
be termed the congressional theory. As I un-
derstand the idea of the President of the United
States, although his "policy" and his practice
I must say on this very subject have been by no
moans consistent—it is this, that the States
which have been in rebellion are now as much
as any States of this Union, in full, complete,
and equal relation to all the other States; that
their rights are in all respects the same; that
among these rights is included the privilege of
unquestioned representation here in the coun-
cils of the nation, and that to shut them out
from the enjoyment of this is to do them, there-
fore, absolute wrong.
Now, sir, I will not stop to inquire when that
right attached. I will not stop to inquire
whether the argument which would prove that
proposition would not equally well prove that
all through the rebellion, inasmuch as seces-
sion was a void act, these States and their
people were fully and completely possessed of
all rights in the Union, and therefore entitled
to representation as now. I do not see where
the argument is to stop. If the proposition be
true, then at any time during the progress of
the rebellion Virginia might have elected Rob-
ert E. Lee a Senator to represent that State
and her sovereignty at the other end of the
Capitol,or any of those men who were serving
under him as chiefs of division and brigade to
represent districts here upon this floor; and
to have excluded them would have been to
take away the_right of Virginia and'of the
people of Virginia to be represented in either
branch of Congress. And Robert E. Lee and
other' such arch-traitors could have appeared
here on the floor of Congress and spent their
winter in obstructing legislation intended for
the purpose of aiding the executive and war-
making power in putting down the rebellion,
and whenever the spring opened and they were
ready for another campaign, might have taken
the field in order by force of arms to attempt
the destruction of the Government for which
they legislated 1 Monstrous 'absurdity !
I will not stop, however, to ask when the
time came, at what date the States were en-
tirely and thoroughly and completely restored
to that equal relation, because I do not believe
they had any such equal, complete, normal
relation as they once enjoyed while they were
States in full communion with the rest of the
Union. If I believed it, if I admitted that
theory as to the present condition of the States,
then it would follow with me necessarily that
I should regard these people as having the
right to vote for electors of President and Vice
President and for members of Congress, and
if they possessed this right, then to take away
from them, either by statute law or organic
law, the due exercise of it,would be imposing
on them a penalty and punishment in addition
to anything else they may have before been
deprived of.
Rejecting this presidential theory, as it may
be termed, I come then to the congressional
theory on this subject. I will not stop to go
into the inquiry whether these States have ever
been out of the Union or not.
I do notbelieve they ever have. I do not
subscribe to the doctrine of their having been
reduced to the condition of Territories in the
sense in which many understand it. I believe
we had the right to subdue theft, and subject
them to obedience precisely upon the same prin-
ciple on which a father punishes his own child
when he has misbehaved. He .thrashes his
wicked and graceless son because he is his
son, and not the child of a stranger. I be-
lieve we have a like right to inflict punishment
on these rebellious States. Iri the domestic
circle we shut the erring child up in a dark
closet, or put him pouting in a corner, and
keep him in disgrace away from the table, sur-
rounded by the rest of the inmates of the fam-
ily, until he has completely, and to our satis-
faction, shown by penitence and a manifesta-
tion of a proper disposition that he means to
deport himself better "ii* the future ; and no
such sinning child has a right to complain of
the discipline which keeps him in a place where
he has by bad conduct put himself until he
returns to good behavior.
But to the congressional theory. I under-
stand it to be this: that these rebellious States
have of themselves, as far as they have the
power to do so, broken away from their nor-
mal and proper relations to the rest of the
States ; that wh?n theythusbrokeaway, though
they did not release themselves from their ob-
ligations, they forfeited certain rights, and
among others, after refusing to be represented
here, disclaiming their allegiance and denying
their connection through representation with
the rest of the States, they forfeited that right
of representation and cannot regain it until it
is properly and by law restored.
And I understand, further, the theory to be
that they can be properly restored only by law,
and that until a law is enacted by which any
State that has thus flung itself out of its proper
relations to the Union is permitted to come
back and stand upon a footing with other States
and enjoy its representation here, such right
of representation cannot be regained by that
State.
Now, if this be the true theory, as I think it
is, then I have no difficulty on account of the
objection made by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaixe,] because if those States have
flung away their right of representation, if they
have forfeited by their misbehavior their right
to claim their old, normal, formerly existing
relation to the rest of the States, it is to be a
work of subsequent enactment when and upon
what conditions such rights and relations shall
be restored to them.
Fully believing this, I aver that there is noth-
ing that should be regarded as penalty or pun-
ishment in this third section of the proposed
amendment. It takes nothing away from the
people of those States. It does not disfran-
chise, but refuses to enfranchise. If you say
that the people of these States, because of their
having been engaged in the rebellion, shall not
vote for Federal officers, there is nothing taken
from them, because they have already divested
themselves of that privilege, voluntarily aban-
doned, given it up, flung it away by breaking
loose from the rest of the Union, as far as by
their act, disposition, and power they could
do so.
These States, then, are not in the condition
in which Ohio and Pennsylvania are. If we
should pass a statute, or undertake to amend
our Constitution so as to make a discrimination
between the States of Ohio and Pennsylvania
and the other States of the Union, saying that
certain persons in those loyal States shall not
enjoy and exercise the elective franchise, either
through entire time hereafter or through a pro-
bationary term, a limited period, we do a wrong
to those States; because Ohio and Pennsylva-
nia and the citizens of those States have not
already disfranchised themselves and wickedly
and madly thrust their privileges and rights
away.
But the rebel States are in an entirely differ-
ent condition. They have divested themselves,
by breaking up the normal relations existing
between them and the other States, of the priv-
ilege, and their people at this time have no
right to vote for President or members of Con-
gress ; and if they can only be restored as States,
as reorganized communities, as a people, by
our action, to the enjoyment of those rights,
then the very fact that we have the power by
statute-law or amendment to the Constitution
thus to restore them, involves the furtherprop-
osition that their restoration must be upon such
conditions and such terms as we shall prescribe.
I might liken this to the institution of prop-
erty. I cannot, by statute-law or by any alter-
ation of the organic law of the land, divest a
man of property which he actually owns with-
out doing him a wrong. If he has violated lew
and subjected himself to punishment, what he
has may be reached by fine or confiscation.
But suppose him to have no property, and
the case is very different. When we are mak-
ing laws, giving the original authority upon
which property is to be obtained and held,
surely it may be stipulated that such and such
terms are to be complied with or such and such
duties performed as the conditions on which
the privilege of acquiring that property shall
exist.
I would not take away from any one the
elective franchise which he now enjoys. If I
did, then would I be acting in bad faith, as the
gentleman from Maine apprehends. I simply
say to rebels, your pardon or amnesty only
related to the crime you had committed, and
so far as that crime tainted your character of
affected your future you are purged of it by
that pardon or amnesty. But as to anything
which you have already divested yourself of,
which you do not now own or enjoy, and which
you wish hereafter to acquire ; or, having had
it once and lost it, desire to have restored to
you, I will impose such conditions by statute
or organic law as will determine on what prin-
ci^Jes, in what way, and at what time you shall
get it back.
But, sir, somewhat to my surprise, because,
as I-suppose, it does not appear to him as it
does to me, but a consistent part of the course
of legislation in which we are endeavoring here
to engage, my honored colleague [Mr. Gab-
field] proposes to get rid of this entire sec-
tion, and to instructthe committee, in case the
amendment be recommitted, to erase it alto-
gether. And he assigns one or two other ob-
jections to it, upon which I will for a moment
comment.
He says that he would be willing to have a
proposition of this nature embodied in the
constitutional amendment if, instead of dis-
