1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL : GLOBE.
31
39th Cong....1st Sess:
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. on Rbps.
and the conscnt of the latter, may be necessary
to accomplish the object; but Congress raight
with propriety initiate the requisite legislation
on the part of the General Government.
The patents for land and the bonds provided
for in the fourth and fifth sections of the ori-
ginal act are not to be issued on the completion
of a section of the road, until the fact of its
construction and equipment as a first-class rail-
road shall have been ascertained and declared
in the mode prescribed. The words
class railroad" are, perhaps, as precise and
definite as any other; but some difficulty may
arise in the practical enforcement of the pro-
vision in which they occur. With a view to
obviate the difficulty, and secure uniformity, i
have invited the directors on the part of the
G-overnment, and the several boards of commis-
sioners, to meet in this city on the 10th prox-
imo, for the purpose of establishing a standard
of excellence, to which the compauies, in the
construction and equipment of their respective
roads, shall be required to conform.
Tlie Northern Pacific Railroad Company, on
the 11th of December, 1864, filed their accept-
ance of the provisions of the act of Congress
entitled " An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from Lake Superior to Puget sound, on the
Pacific coast, by the northern route;" and
under date of the 6th March last submitted
their map designating the general direction of
their road from a point on Lake Superior, in
the State of Wisconsin, to a point on Puget
sound, in Washington Territory. The records
of the Department do not, however, show any
further action by the company in the premises.
WAGON ROADS.
By an act approved March 3, 18G5, Congress
made appropriations for the construction of cer-
tain wagon roads in Montana, Dakota, Idaho,
and Nebraska. I refer you to the report
of Colonel Simpson for information as to the
manner in which the appropriations have been
expended, and the progress made in the con-
struction of these highways.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Congress, at its last session, made no pro-
vision for the Washington aqueduct. As the
appropriation for the last fiscal year was nearly
exhausted, I dispensed with the services of such
of tiie employes as wore not indispensable, and
reserved the small balance for such repairs as
might be required for the preservation of the
work uni il the meeting of Congress. The engi-
neer in charge is of opinion that the dam of
solid stone masonry already commenced across
the Maryland channel of the Potomac river,
at the head of the conduit, is absolutely neces-
sary to secure "an abundant and needful sup-
ply of good and wholesome water'' during cer-
tain seasons of the year, and that it should be
completed with the least possible delay. The
temporary dams erected from time to time
have repeatedly been carried away. Nothing,
in his opinion, will effectually serve the pur-
pose but a dam of the character indicated, and
he urges its construction upon the grounds of
economy as well as of necessity. He reports
in favor of the completion of the connecting
conduit at the receiving reservoir, the further
excavation and deepening of the distributing
reservoir; and also the construction of a sloped
rubble wall, to prevent the washing of its inte-
rior slopes or water feces.
His suggestions are respectfully submitted
for the consideration of Congress.
Lieutenant Colonel Simpson has been per-
manently assigned to duty in this Department.
His services have been advantageously em-
ployed on the work connected with tlie con-
struction of the Union Pacific railroad and
branches, the Northern Pacific railroad, land-
grant railroads, wagon roads, the aqueduct, and
Capitol extension; all of which require the
supervision of a competent and practical engi-
neer. His report embraces a connected his-
tory of the inception and progress of the Union
Pacific railroad, compiled from public records
and other authentic sources, and other valua-
ble matter, with practical suggestions proper
for the consideration of Congress.
Provision should be made for the clerical
force rendered necessary by the increasing
correspondence and duties relating to these
important works, and other incidental expenses
that must unavoidably be incurred, for which
an estimate has been submitted.
CAPITOL AND LIBRARY EXTENSION, AND GOVERN-
MENT HUNTING OFFICE.
The report of the architect of the Capitol
extension furnishes full information concerning
the condition and progress of the work. Since
the report of his predecessor, the eastern portico
of the south wing, including the steps and car-
riage ways to the same, has been completed,
with the exception of the caps of the cheek
blocks, delayed for the want of marble of the
requisite dimensions. One of these has been
finished, and eleven pieces of marble for the
others are now on the grounds.
The greater part of the marble work for the
north portico has been prepared during the pres-
ent season, and this portion of the work is now
completed. Seventy-three blocks for cornice,
architraves, &c., and nine monolithic columns
have been prepared for the unfinished porticos.
Some years since the Government acceded to
an interpretation of the contract, insisted on by
the contractors, which allowed them to furnish
marble of such dimensions as to require two
pieces in the construction of each column. There
is on hand material for eight columns of that
description. The architect recommends that
they be placed alternately with monolithic col-
umns in the western porticos.
Congress, at its last session, made no appro-
priation for this work, and the architect esti-
mates that§175,000willberequired to continue
it during the present fiscal year, and $200,000
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867.
Attention is invited to that part of the report
which relates to the necessity of extending the
central building and portico to the line ot the
porticos of the wings, and of enlarging the
Capitol grounds. The architect recommends
that the plans prepared for these purposes by
his predecessor be adopted and carried into
effect.
Tlie arrangements for lighting the new dome,
by Gardner's electro-magnetic apparatus, are
in progress. A further appropriation is necessary
for the completion of tlie dome, which is now
nearly finished, and to discharge existing lia-
bilities for work already done upon it.
An act of last session authorized "an en-
largement of the Library of Congress, so as to
| mciude m two wings, built tire-proof, the space
I at either end of the present Library.'' The then
, architect of the Capitol extension prepared the
| requisite plans and specifications for the work.
[ Competition was united by newspaper publi-
i cation in several of the large cities of the 'union,
and a contract for the labor and materials
: awarded to a responsible party for the sum ot
§110,000, being £14,000 less than that appro-
priated by Congress. The work, although de-
layed by unforeseen causes, has been faithfully
! and successfully prosecuted, and its completion
; will not belong deferred. Additional e\-pendi-_
' ture must be incurred for the introduction of
! water into the Library, the cutting oft' awl re-
: placing the gas mains which supplied thebuild-
| mg and passed through the wings which will be
i occupied by the Library, and other incidental
1 alterations which were not anticipated and speci-
i fied by the architect, but which, as the work
| progresses, are found to be necessary.
1 After a suspension of nearly four years, the
j work on the north portico of the interior De-
partment has been resumed under a contract
]! made in the year 1 Ho7. The price of labor and
; materials during the intervening period had so
largely increased as, m tiie opinion of the ar-
il cJntect, to render the contract entirely unre-
jj muneralive. i therefore gave tae contractors
the option of abandoning the contract, or prose-
cuting the work at the rate it- prescribes. An
estimate has been submitted of" the amount
requisite to finish the portico, iron fence, and
pavement.
The saloon of the north front of the Depart-
ment has been appropriated for the use of the
Patent Office, and fitted up with cases. They
are designed for the exhibition and safe-keep-
ing of models, and are of tlie most approved
materials and workmanship. An appropria-
tion is necessary to meet outstanding accounts
and to complete the saloon.
The Government Printing Office has been
enlarged and extended agreeably to an act of
the last Congress making provision for that pur-
pose, and for capacity and convenience is be-
lieved to be now unsurpassed by any similar
establishment in the country.
DISTRICT AFFAIRS.
The power conferred on Congress of exclu-
sive legislation for the District of Columbia,
imposes the corresponding duty of making just
and adequate provision for its welfare, its local
interests, so liable to be overlooked in the midst
of subjects of more general and engrossing
concern, fall to some extent within the prov-
ince of this Department, and require a special
allusion.
The annual report of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings gives a detailed account of the
expenditures authorized by Congress within this
District. I have also received a communication
from the mayor of the city of Washington, wh ieli
I have directed to be printed. These papers pre-
sent important facts and considerations which
merit the attention of the legislative department.
The controlling object in the original design
of this city was the accommodation of the public
interests which it was anticipated would cluster
about the capital of agreat nation. Accordingly,
only three thousand and sixteen of the seven
thousand one hundred and thirty-four acres com-
posing its entire area were surveyed into lots for
sale to individuals. Tlie remainder embraces
streets, avenues of inordinate width, squares,
circles, and public reservations. By the adop-
tion of this design, it is manifest that, it was not
intended that the sparse population thus pro-
vided for should bear the burden of the entire
cost of the local improvements, required more
for the national convenience than for that of the
permanent residents. At the last assessment the
national Government owned real estate within
the city limits to the value of $28,121,031 45 ;
a sum nearly equal to the estimated worth of all
individual property in the city. At the usual
rate of taxation this property would yield a
revenue of $210,912 2.3. The mayor suggests
that such a tax, in connection with the present
resources, would yield a revenue amply suffi-
cient to support the municipal government, im-
prove the streets and avenues, make proper
provision for the indigent, and maintain a com-
plete system of public schools.
in the year 1820 Congress provided that from
the ]>roceeds of the sale of public lots reimburse-
ment should be made to the city of Washington
of an equitable proportion of the expenses there-
after incurred in laying open, paving, and other-
wise improving the streets and avenues adja-
cent to the public squares and reservations. I
atn informed that, since the passage of this act,
3,725 lots of this class have been sold, and the
proceeds paid into the Treasury of the United
States, while no reimbursement has been made
to the city for the sum of £37,410 G1 paid for
improvements properly chargeable to this fund.
An appropriation should be made for refunding
this amount and the interest which has accrued
j thereon. During the past summer and fall the
,, improvement of streets adjacent to public prop-
ji erfy has rendered the Government liable to a
11 considerable amount, and aa additional sum
|i will be needed to meet similar expenses which
jj will probably be incuircd during the next fiscal
11 y ear. 11 is hoped that Congress will at an early
il date make provision to meet these liabilities.
