1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3431
and if? now in forco. By the seventeenth section of
this act it is, among other things, cnactccl that if any
Indian or Indians shall, within th<? Indian countiy,
toko or destroy tho property of any person lawfully
within such country,such person may make applica-
tion to the superintendent, agent, or sub-agent, who
on being famished with the necessary proot shall,
under the direction of the President, moke applica-
tion to the nation or tribe to which such Indian or
Indians belong for satislaetion ; and if &uch nation or
tribe shall rcfuso satislaetion in a reasonable time,
not exceeding twelve months, such superintendent
shall mako return of his doing to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, that proper steps may bo taken to
obtain satislaetion for the injury; and in the mean
time the United States guaranty to tho party so in-
jured an eventual indemnification : Provided, first,
if the party seeks personal satisfaction or revenge he
forfeits his claim for indemnification; second, if the
claim is not presented in three years it is barred. If
the Indians rcccivo an annuity, the claim is to bo
paid from the annuity; it the Indians do not rcccivo
an annuity it is to be paid from the Treasury. Tho
seventh section of the Indian appropriation bill,
passed the 27th of February, 1851, is as follows,
namely:
" Be it cnacted, That all the laws now in force reg-
ulating trade and intercourse with tho Indian tribes,
or such provisions of them as may bo applicable,
shall be, and the same are hereby, extended over the
Indian tubes in the Territories of Acw Mexico and
Utah."
Woodward and Chorpenning were lawfully in the
Indian Territory. Tlie> were there byauthority, and
in execution of the laws of the United States, and in
the actual service of the Government. A>s such they
were entitled to rely on its promises of indemnity.
They did not sock private satisfaction or revenge
for injuries sustained by the Indians, but cultivated,
as far as was in their power, a friendly feeling with
them. They made known their losses to the superin-
tendent and agent. JJrigham Young, tho superin-
tendent, rcpoitcd the death of Woodward; J. II.
Holeman, the agent, in his affidavit gives an account
of tho murder of Woodward; says the Indians ad-
mitted their attacks on Hanson's and other mail
trains, because they had first been attacked by the
whites, but did not pretend that the persons in charge
of tho mail trains had attempted to injure them;
says ho could not attempt to state the number of
mules killed or the amount of property taken from
the mail trains, but the Indians thcmselvesadmitted
they had killed many. In tho letter 'oi l:Jtli Fcbiu-
ary, 1858, written by the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs to an attorney of the paitics, tho Commissioner
says," that Mes^is. Chorpenning and Woodward were
lawfully in the Indian country where and when their
property was fo^t is admitted. But then (he tiibes
to which the oilending Indians belonged cannot be
said to have been in amity with the United States,
tho petition itself styles them as hostile Indians.
When tho intcrcoiusc act was passed, it was with
reference to the Atlantic tiibes, but lew of whom
were west of the Missouri; and treaty stipulations
were necessary to place them technically upon a foot-
ing of amity; and in addition tothat.it was required
that they must be on terms of actual fuemUhip. This
law, inapplicable as it is in many respects, has been
extended, without amendment, o^ er the tribes of the
Pacific coast by tho act of I^ebruary -7, IhM, and in
regard to them the same construction mus-t ba given
as in the case of those for the government oi which
it was originally intended.
"There is nothing to show that tho requirement of
tholavv, that the proofs ol the losses should b<?Milmiit-
tcd to an agent to be laid before the Indians, was ever
complied with. Jt is true that reports to this otfico
from the Governor and <*.•>; officio superintendent of
Indian affairs for Utah and from Agent llolenian show
that they were cognizant to i-oine extent of the looses
complained of, and it is admitted that it would, un-
der tho circumstances, have been perhaps impossible
to identify tho tubes to which theoilendcrs belonged,
and impracticable as well as useless had they known,
to have adopted the regular and exact courses pre-
scribed, or to have submittcdthe matter to them, but
the law is impciative that it should be done."
Your committee are of opinion that only so much
of tho law of lftU as was applicable to the Territory
of Utah was extended over it by the seventh section
of the act of February, At that date the Ter-
ritory #of Utah was unexplored. What Indian tubes
inhabited or made it a place of resort was then, and
for a long time afterward, unknown to the Govern-
ment, and no treaties of peace and amity had yet been
made. So much of tho law as looked to a regular
course of transactions with them as known to savage
communities under the regular trcatios ot peace was
wholly inapplicable.
The preparation of documents stating the losses
and the tribes to which the assailing Indians belonged
was not, in the opinion of the committee, applicable
to these Indians, and was impracticable. All the
sufferers could do was to repoit the injuries to the
superintendent and agent, and claim the protection
of the Government. This the committee are satis-
fied has been done.
But the committee are further of opinion that so
much of (lie law of 18o4 as prohibited the injured
party from seeking private satisfaction or redress tor
his wrongs did apply to the Territory of Utah, and
also so much as promised payment by the Govern-
ment did apply. Tho party was restrained from seek-
ing private redress to preserve the country irom an
Indian war, and this restraint was the consideration
of the promise of indemnity. /The Government, by
this law, took the matter m its own hands. It re-
strained the mjutod party from seeking redress, and
promised to make good bis losses.
Your committee are of opinion that George Chor-
penning and tho widow of Absalom Woodward, de-
ceased, are entitled to compensation for the losses
sustained, and, as no annuities aro payable to these
Indians, the parties aro entitled to payment from tho
Treasury.
The number of mules and horses lost, as stated
above, is eighty-three mules and horses of Wood-
ward and Chorpcnning, killed prior to July 1,1852,
and eighty-six mules and horses of George Chorpcn-
ning. killed from July 1,1852, to April 1, 1850.
By tho proofs in tho case, as well as tho corrob-
orating statements of the honorable Senators and
Representatives in the Thirty-Filth Congress from
the State of California, these animals aro proved to
have been worth from, two hundred dollars to five
hundred dollars each. Those prices, upon first im-
pression, may seem cxtravgant. But when your
committee take into consideration that this was in
the days of fabulously high prices for everything in
California, together with tho strong array of proofs
upon the subject, they cannot but regard it as fair
and reasonable. Besides, tho routo lay over the
mountains and through tho barren deserts between
Calilornia and Salt Lake, and none but the very best
stock could endure the severe hardships incident to
the service. For, in addition to tho length of tho
trip, there were changes of grass, water, and climate,
which would soon break down the constitution of any
hut superior animals; and when such were obtained,
they were doubtless worth to the contractors from
two hundred dollars to live hundred dollais each.
Your committee, thcrcfoic, think it rcasonableand
just to take tho sum of h'XoO. the dift'eicnce between
&AJO and £5Ud, as the averago value of each animal,
and thusascertain the eighty-three mules and hoiscs
lost by Messrs, Woodward and Chorpenning to he
worth ^2(J,050. To this must bo added ^3,275 for other
propei ty lost. This does not include the money lost
when Woodward and his party were killed.
On the eighty-six mules and horses lost by George
Chorpcnning individually from July 1,18oL\ to April
1, 1856, they place tho same averago value of $350,
making this loss $30,100, to which must bo added, for
the loss of other property, $570, making $30,670.
Your committee, therefore, recommend that the
sum of S32,:$25 be paid to George Chorpcnning and
Elizabeth Woodward, wilo of Absalom Woodward,
and that the further sum of $30,070 bo paid to Georgo
Chorpenning.
To the-e ends your committee report the accom-
panying joint resolution, and recommend its passage.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the
joint resolution to be read a tlurd time. It was
road the third time, and passed.
HOU^E BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representative were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below;
A bill (II. R. "No. 729) to change the port
of entry in Pugot sound—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (II. R. No. 730) relating to pilots and
pilot regulations—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (II. It. No. 728) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue certificates of
registry or enrollment and license to certain
vessels—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (II. It. No. COyj to constitute Omaha
and Nebraska City, in the Territory of Ne-
braska, and St, Paul, in Minnesota, ports of
delivery—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (II. R. No. Oil) to provide for mak-
ing the town of "Whitehall, New York, a port
of delivery—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (II. It. No. 7*20) to extend to certain
persons the privilege of admission, in certain
ea?es, to the United States Government, Asy-
j lum for the Insane—to the Committee on the
I District of Columbia.
! A bill (II. R. No. 727) declaratory of an act
! entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary of
j the Treasury to issue registers to vessels in
I certain cases," approved February 10, 18G6—
j to the Committee on Commerce.
| A joint resolution (IJ. R. No. 178) in refer-
ence to the DiMiial Swamp Canal Company—
to the Cornmitteee on Commerce.
BOUNTY OF IOWA TR00F3.
The bill (H. R. No. 18) for the relief of the
members of the thirty-seventh regiment of
Iowa volunteer infantry, was read twice by its
title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
will be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to put that
bill on its passage without a reference, if there
be no objection. We. passed it once and {he
House has just passed it now. It is to pay the
bounty due to a regiment of &>wa troops.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope it will be considered
now.
There being ho objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which provides for the payment
to the members of the thirty-seventh regiment
of Iowa volunteer infantry of the same bounty
provided4 by law or which may hereafter be
provided by law, to soldiers enlisted into the
volunteer forces of the United States during
the year 1862; and in case any of the members-
of the regiment are dead or may die before the
payment of the bounty it is to be paid to their
representatives in the same order^provided by
law for the payment of bounties in other cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
BOUNTY OF OIIIO TROOPS.
The bill (II. R. No. 725) to provide for the
payment of the sixth, eighth, and eleventh regi-
ments of Ohio volunteer militia of Cincinnati,
Bard's company of cavalry, and Paulsen's bat-
tery, during the time they were in the service
of the United States in 18G2, was read twice
by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
will be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill is precisely like
the other to pay for some troops that were called
out in the service of the United States in 1802.
We have already provided for one regiment of
them, and a bill passed the other day on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky provid-
ing for Kentucky troops. I hope the Senate
will allow this bill to pass at oncc.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I very reluctantly made
no objection to the passage of a bill a moment
ago ; and now we sec the consequences of that
precedent. Here is a bill that has never been
read in the Senate, a bill that has never been
considered by any committee of the Senate, •
and I submit to my friend from Ohio it is a
very dangerous specics of legislation.
Mr. SHERMAN'. If there was any objec-
tion 1 would not insist on its passage now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was fully considered
by a committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has it been considered
by any committee of this body?
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole subject of this
particular class of troops has been.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
out of order, unless by universal consent the
bill is before the Senate. Is there any objec-
tion to its present consideration?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its being
considered until it goes to some committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
ACCOMMODATION OF STATE DEPARTMENT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 110) to authorize
the hiring of a building or buildings for the
temporary accommodation of the Department
of State; which was in line six, to strike out
li fifty" and insert " twenty-five," so as to
make the sum appropriated for the hiring and
fitting up of a suitable building or buildings
for the Department of State $2-3,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the Ilouse of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 221) relating to lands granted to
Minnesota to aid in constructing railroads, and
they were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
TRANSPORTATION OF NITUO-OLYCEIUNE.
The Senate proceeded to consider tlie amend-
