1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
that should be regarded as i*easonable time for
doJinto; and I hope that the House will then
be jradv to come to a \ole.
Mr. COXK LIKG. I ask the gentleman to
permit me to make a suggestion.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. CON K! J NY I. Several members who
have arranged logo, to-night or in the morning,
from the city, to remain over Sunday, will not
be able to bo here on Monday after the morn-
ing hour. 1 mention that for the purpose of
Suggesting tothe gentleman to make it Tuesday
after the morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS. !n that view T will say that
debate shall be closed on Monday, and that the
vote shall be taken on Tuesday after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr- SC
that the joint resolution and amendments that
have been proposed, together with the instruc-
tions accompanying motions to recommit, be
ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
MESSBN'GUJtS FOli IIOUSH POST OFFICE—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Rollixs]
withdraws his objection tothe resolution for the
appointment of two additional messengers of the
House post, office, provided that it be referred
to the Committee of Accounts, to which I have
no objection.
The resolution was received and referred
accordingly.
BASTS OF REPKE3EXTATI0X.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of the follow-
ing joint resolution reported by the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction:
Resolved bv the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses coneurrmfr,) That, the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States: which, when ratified by three
fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, namely:
Article—. Representatives and dircct taxes shall
be apportioned anions the several Stat.es which may
be included within this Union according to their re-
spective numbers, counting the whole number of per-
sons in oath State, excluding Indians not taxed: Pro-
vided, That whenever the elective franchise shall be
denied or abridged in any State on account of race
or color, all perrons therein of sucli race or color shall
be excluded from the basis of representation.
, The pending question was on the motion of
'Mr. IjC Bi.oxd to refer the joint resolution and
! pending amendments to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, upon which
J Mr. Hardixu, of Kentucky, was entitled to the
: floor.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand there has been
no understanding in reference to the vote oil
this proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has stated he will ask for a vote on
Tuesday, after the morning hour, and that the
debate shall be closed on Monday.
Mr. ELIOT. There is already a special order
for Tuesday, after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The pending joint reso-
lution is the special order until disposed of.
Mr. ELIOT. What becomes of my special
order ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up in its reg-
ular order.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
the country as a general thing has been de-
ceived and misled in regard to the troublesome
and vexed question of the negro. Th  great
mass of the people labored under the delusive
impression that when slavery was removed or
destroyed all strife between the "Norih and. the
South would disappear. They were everywhere
told that slavery was the cause of the rebellion
andthe strife between ihe North and South : re-
move that and all strife would cease. Hence,
they were naturally inclined to believe that the
removal or destruction of slavery would put. an
end to all this strife. 1 have never believed so
for a single moment. Slavery was but one
phase, one development of the negro question.
Slavery is gone, but the negro question comes
back on us with redoubled force. •
The Republican party have manufactured a
large amount of capital or.t, of the negro ques-
tion. First they began with caution, now they
draw on it. as if they thought it as inexhaustible
as were the widow's barrel of meal and cruse
of oil. The fact that the negro question has
continued so long has been owing to the great
care with which the Republican party has man-
aged it. When the question of emancipation
of the slaves was before the country the Repub-
lican party began with extreme caution. When
slaves were emancipated in the District of Co-
lumbia, they disclaimed all power and right to
interfere with slavery in the States, alleging
that the charge against them was a slander, and
appealing to their Chicago convention platform.
That accomplished, however, is but one step.
What is the next? Then slavery is stricken
down in all the Territories, and the compro-
mises of the past revolutionized. "What next?
The President had said that he had no lawful
power to interfere with slavery in the States.
His Secretary, by his authority, had said that
a'ny effort on the part of the President in that
direction would be so manifestly unconstitu-
tional that it would be arrested by the courts,
even though Congress andthe people might as-
sent to it. What is to be done then? LTpon
consultation a fiction was devised. The Con-
stitution prohibited all interference; the war
power was resorted to, and upon that fiction
war was made upon slavery in the rebellious
States. Well, what next? What shall be done
with the stubborn, unyielding, perverse State of
Kentucky, and some of the other border States?
You cannot apply the war power to that insti-
tution in Kentucky, because she has not been
in rebellion. That State stood under the old
j flag and contended for her rights in the Union,
j Wliat was to be done then ? Why, we will strike
i down slavery in the Union; we will strike at
Kentucky, under the old flag and in the Union.
And lience, before the war was over an amend-
ment to the Constitution was passed, passed
right in the middle of this struggle.
Now, does any sober man in his senses be-
lieve that if the whole purpose of the Repub-
lican party had then been disclosed it would not
have revolutionized that party? It is said that
consistency is a jewel; but honesty, frankness,
and open, fair dealing is a far brighter an d more
precious one. But something at lea^t has been
gained. The Republican party now stands
openly committed before the whole country in
favor of unrestricted universal negro vot ins and
negro office-holding. However much that lias
been disguised and denied it can no longer be
concealed. Why, sir, during tlie elections that
took place last year, even in my own State and
district, I with many others foresaw what was
coming : yet you could not impress it upon the
people. And even those in Kentucky who had
gone off and joined themselves to the abolition
party denied that, there was any such purpose
on the part of any except a few fanatics in the
North. People could nowhere be made to be-
lieve that there was any purpose of universal
political negro equality. But now the question
is made here on negro suffrage, precisely as it
was on negio slavery in the District of Colum-
bia. You have voted universal negro suffrage
for the whole mass of that population in the
District, and you have opened the way to them
to become oiiice-holders.
In view of the various propositions now be-
fore the House the same purpose is manifested
and sought to be carried out universally Who
wrill deny any longer that il is the purpose of the
controlling majority of the Republican party to
carry out universally negro suffrage throughout
the whole country ? It was denied everywhere :
no Republican dared for a moment to take that
position a few years ago. But now you are be-
fore the country on that issue. It was denied
even in the late election for Governor in Ohio,
but now the party is compelled to come out and
assume the position.
Now, sir, in the hands of these skillful ma-
nipulators, I know not how many Protean
shapes this negro question can yet be made to
assume. I suppose when universal negro suf-
frage is carried, then negro homesteads and
intermarriage between negroes and whites will
be encouraged so far as law will encourage it.
That will lie the next step. But now we know
what the proposition is. This provision is
! sought to be fastened upon the whole country
by a constitutional amendment.
It is the first time in the history of this coun-
try that any party deliberately set about for the
purpose of ingrafting upon the organic law of
the land their own peculiar political dogmas.
What are we met with hero now ? No less than
seventy amendments to the Constitution. And
if there were an amendment for every time that
instrument lias been violated, perhaps twice
seventy would not meet the demand. But sev-
enty amendments! Where do they all come
from ? Every one comes from the Republican
party. What does that show in regard to the
loyalty of this party?
Now, I do not hold the Republican party
responsible as a party for the extreme utter-
ances of some brainless demagogues in the
North—those who desire, as they said, an anti-
slavery Constitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and
yet another term more profane than that; nor
do I hold tliem as a party responsible for that
other utterance, that our old Constitution was
'' a covennntwithdeatliandaleaguewithhell."
I do not hold the party responsible for that, but
I do hold them responsible for their own work
here in Congress. But, sir, what do these sev-
enty amendments show in regard to the loyalty
of the party? Whatisloyalt.y nnder our former
Government? Is it not to be true and faithful
to the Constitution ; to support and defend it?
Does it not mean that, no more and no less?
What was the crime of the South ? What
constituted them traitors at the commence-
: ment of our troubles ? Was it not that they
! rose up. rebelled, made war upon the Consti-
' tutionasitthenwas? 'Chat was disloyalty then.
To support the Constitution was loyalty, not
to support it disloyalty. Now, these seventy
amendments coming from that party even be-
fore the struggle is yet o\ er, one carried in the
middle of the war, might be considered by men
a little censorious as showing that the Repub-
lican party at the North is about as much
opposed to the Constitution as the southern
rebels were. Some men might say so; I do
not. say it. Now, the Democratic party and the
majority of the people of Kentucky have always
been loyal, according to the true definition of
the term, because in my State a majority of the
people from first to last struggled to sustain
the old form of government. When the ques-
tion of loyalty turned on sustaining the Con-
stitution, "then the voice of Kentucky was for
the old Constitution, and amid the storm and
tempest of war. high up above the storm, the
voice of Kentucky rung out at every period for
the Constitution as it was ; and yet her loyalty
is called in question.
Now, were you in the North, your leading
politicians, satisfied with the Constitution?
How happened it, then, that before the war was
over there was an attempt to change it? Why
i is it that you attempt to force back these States
; but will not let them come backto the Govern-
! ment they left? How does it happen that there
11 arc seventy amendments pending, all of them
JI coming from that party?
I! Suppose a religious teacher, however loud his
j; professions of piety might be, should undertake
j! to sustain by argument that there are seventy
|i well-founded objections to the Bible, some men
11 might think his orthodoxy a little questionable,
ti But suppose he goes on. professing all the time
to be a devoted Christian andtolove his Bible,
j! and manufactures objections until he has more
il than one for every page of that sacred old vol-
! ume, no charity would restrain us from pro-
| nouncing that man an infidel of the deepest
I dye. How it is here? There are twenty-three
| pages of the* Constitution, and we have seventy
! amendments already—more than an average of
j three amendments for everypage! Andyetthat
lis the'' loy al'' party par excellence.
