1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2471
franchising these insurgents until 1870, it dis-
franchises them perpetually.
Well, sir. I will not stop to inquire whether
that would be going beyond the expectations
of the people and beyond our duty or not. I
should not, probably, quarrel with my col-
league if he could add ten, fifteen, or twenty
years, or even a longer period to the term of
probation. But I deny the principle on which
lie sets out that there is anything inconsistent
. or wrong in making it an exclusion for a term
of years instead" of exclusion altogether.. If
there be anything in that argument, you ought
not to send a man to an insane asylum for one,
two, or three years, at the end of which period
you may reasonably expect his intellect to be
restored ; you ought either to let him roam at
large altogether or send him off as a lunatic for
life. Or, in the ease of crime, you must either
not sentence a man to the penitentiary at all,
or else incarcerate him for the term of his nat-
ural life. Or, to compare it to another thing,
which perhaps better illustrates the principle
involved, when a foreigner arrives upon our
shores we should not say to him, " At the end
of five years, when you have familiarized your-
self with our institutions, and become attached
to them, we will allow you to become a civ'zen,
and admit you to all the franchises we enjoy,"
but we should require that lie be naturalized
the moment he touches our soil, or else ex-
cluded from the rights of citizenship forever.
Sir, I do not see that there is any principle
involved in it. It is a mere question of expe-
diency.
It has also been objected that it is excep-
tionable to incorporate into the Constitution
any condition depending on lapse of time or a
term of years—a period within or beyond which
something is to be allowed or denied ; and this
is said to be, therefore, altogether a novel and
unprecedented proposition. Sir, I deny even
that. Any gentleman familiar with the Con-
stitution will recall the provision that the slave
trade, existing at the time of its adoption,
should be permitted to ran on for twenty years,
but might be forbidden at the end of that
time.
There is no principle violated, nothing which
should prevent us from making the exclusion
for two, three, four, ten, or twenty years, or dur-
ing the natural lives of these insurgents, who
seek to be admitted again to the exercise of the
elective franchise.
Mr. Speaker, my own decided conviction is,
that so far from going beyond the popular judg-
ment and demand there is no part of all this
amendment that will more commend itself to
the sense of justice and propriety of the peo-
ple of this country than this very third section.
Everywhere throughout the land, in all loyal
minds and hearts, the conviction has settled
and grown strong and taken deep and fast hold
that those who sought to destroy the Govern-
ment ought not to be called upon so shortly
afterward to undertake to rule and carry on
that Government.
I do not believe there is any other portion
of this whole proposed amendment to which
so general an assent will be given by the peo-
ple of this country, the loyal and true people
throughout the whole broad extent of our land.
They are full ready to declare that those who
have proved false traitors and have raised their
parricidal hands against the life of the country,
who have attempted to strike down our Gov-
ernment and destroy its institutions, should be
the very last to be trusted to take any share in
preserving, conducting, and carrying on that
Government and maintaining those institutions.
And believing this, I have been all the more
astonished that special attack should have been
made on this particular section.
A gentleman sitting near me suggested, a
moment ago, another objection to this section;
one, however, rather to the form and phrase-
ology than to the substance. Rebels are to be
" excluded from the right to vote for Represent-
atives in Congress and for electors for Presi;
dent and Vice President of the United States."
He says this latter condition, without some
more precise g,nd guarded expression, may be
evaded; that as the Constitution gives the
States the power "to appoint these electors
in such manner as their Legislatures may
direct," these States may, like South Carolina,
give that power to their Legislatures, or even
confer it upon their Governors. Now, all I
have to say in reply is this: I am not troubled
by the word "appoint." If the Legislatures
are called upon to appoint electors, they must
in appointing vote for them ; voting is involved
in the manner of selection. And no member
of any State Legislature can be permitted to
east his vote for presidential electors, if this
amendment be made to the Constitution, if he
himself has voluntarily adhered to the cause
of the rebellion. There is nothing to be appre-
hended from the possibility that disloyal voters
may choose loyal legislators. If they do, wo
must trust and accept such choice.
But they may give the power to their Gov-
ernors. Very well; if the Legislature shall by
law direct the Governor to be their agent in
the appointment of electors, then you reduce
the matter to the test of still easier proof,
that Governor cannot appoint, cannot choose,
cannot vote for—for those words "vote,''
"choose," and "appoint" are used indis-
criminately in many parts of the Constitution
—unless he comes within the provisions of
this section if it shall be adopted. 1 will not
say that this proposition might not be em-
bodied in some better form of words 
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. SMITH obtained the floor.
MISSISSIPPI AND OHIO IUVKII PILOTS.
Mr. WIIALEY. I ask unanimous consent
to present the remonstrance of pilots on the
Mississippi and Ohio rivers against the passage
of House bill No. 447.
Mr. WASI-IBUIINE, of Illinois. I object;
let it come in under the rule.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIONED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution to provide for the exemption of
crude petroleum from internal tax and duty,
and for other purposes; which was thereupon
signed by the Speaker.
heconstiiuction1—again.
Mr. SMITH. I have always felt that when
a crime has been committed, an absolute vio-
lation of law, upon a proper arraignment and
trial and conviction of the party, justice and
right and law compel the execution of the'
sentence. I entertain that opinion now and
shall continue to express it. I therefore dis-
agree with the gentleman who has just pre-
ceded me, [Mr. Sciienck,] and the committee
upon reconstruction who have reported this
joint resolution, that those who have been
what are usually denominated "red-handed
traitors," who have attempted to destroy this
Government and those who have defended it,
should be forgiven at this time or even in 1870.
I know there is a feeling prevalent in this House
and in the country that we must submit to this
proposition because there is a sentiment of rec-
onciliation in the words and manner in which
it is gotten up and proposed. But, for one, I
must dissent, and my name must go upon the
record in opposition to those men who hare
heretofore claimed a higher position for pun-
ishing those who have attempted to destroy
this Government. I am surprised, and I must
express my surprise, that men who have stood
by the Government, who have voted men and
money to sustain it, who have seen their conn-
try overrun, who have seen their armies de-
feated, who have seen their brothers slain, who
have seen large battle-fields rendered gory,
should at this time come forward and say that
in 1870 the doors should ho opened to these
rebels and that there should be a general am-
nesty. You are radical; I am not. You are for
general amnesty with universal suffrage; I am
not. I stand here as a Union man, and as a
conservative man, desirous to restore the Gov-
ernment, to secure the peace and happiness of
the people, the unity of the States, and the
supremacy of the Constitution. If you ask my
consent to the pardon of the leaders,of this-
rebellion, I say "No." But there are ro-en
upon this floor who say, " Confiscate their
property and let them go." I say "No." In
the Thirty-Eighth Congress I voted far the'
confiscation of the property of the leading
rebels, and I made a speoch in advocacy of that
position. 1 stand by that doctrine to-day.
But where are the men. who advocated the
doctrine then, and said, "Not only confiscate
their property,.but hang them all?" Those
men now say,Pardon them all, and restore
them in 1870 to all the rights and privileges of
citizenship." They do not even propose to
wait until 1870. They say, "Confiscate their
property and let them go." They would apply
this doctrine to men who are guilty of rebellion
against the Government, of treason against the
Constitution, and war upon all our institutions.
Tlicy say of such as Clement C. Clay, "Let
them depart in peace." They would say of
Jeff. Davis, "Confiscate his property and let
him return to his home." All this may_ suit
you; it does not suit me. You are radical;
I am conservative. You say "Hang every-
body," but you will not hang anybody. You
say " Prosecute everybody," but you will not
prosecute anybody. You say "Execute the
laws," but you do not do it. Not long since
the question was asked upon this iloor whether
you would exccute these men through the in-
strumentality of the President. The answer
was "No;" and the reason of that answer
was that it was feared that the President
would reccive a little too much credit for
his action in seeing that the laws were ex-
ecuted. I say let these men bo tried; if
guilty, let them bo convicted; and then see
whether the President will pardon them when
thus convicted. Sir, this will never be done
if we trust to those men who are all the time
urging their radical schemes, who have forgot-
ten the interests of the 'country, who seek not
the salvation of the Union, but the salvation
of party, and the interest of their particular ilk.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schekck]
said a few minutes ago that he would not admit
that these States were out of the Union ; that
they had been in the Union and were parts of
the body-politic. Well, if that is the fact, how
and under what circumstances are they to be
gotten out? IIow are they to bo destroyed?
The gentleman, in speaking of this subject,
adopted a simile, and said that when a child
has offended the father whips him, and thus by
correction brings him back to obedience to
the law. Now, I submit the question whether
there was ever on the face of the earth a father
who, though he chastised his child because of
disobedience, refused that child, even after the
chastisement, bread and clothing and a place
in his house. The father whips the child from
love, remembering all the time that he is " bone
of his bone, flesh of his flesh." He chastises
him because he loves him.
Now, sir, the honorablegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciiexck] has chastised these men. He
was a general in the Army, and he helped to
chastise them. He did it becausc he loved
them, because they were a part of the family.
But now, when he has whipped them into obe-
dience, and they ask to resume their place in
the family circle, under the shelter of the great
household of the nation, he says, "No, you
cannot come in." This is unnatural. It is in
violation of every principle that should govern
the action of the lather toward an erring or
rebellious child. It is in violation of those
great principles of affection which God has
implanted in the human breast, and the disre-
gard of which stamps a man as unworthy the
name of man.
Now, sir, these States are in the Union.
There is, so far as I know, only one man in
this House who says that they are not; and he
is the member from the Lancaster district of
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I designate
him simply by the appellation of "memfcter.."
