U8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Now, as to amending the Constitution, I do
uot know but that in time, when, all passion
subsides, and men are cool enough to rise above
the passions of the hour and look over the whole
■ country in all its sections, and look forward to
the wants and happiness of posterity, some
amendments may properly come up, such as
this: that Rhode Island, for example, with two
Representatives, shall not have the same power
in the Senate that Sew York hasr with thirty-
one Representatives ; and then, again, thatwhen
the election of President devolves on Congress,
asitprobablywjll, andperhapsvery frequently,
it may be thought that'it is not in accordance with
our, republican form of government for Rhode
Island, with two Representatives, to count as
much as New. York, with thirty-one Represen-
tatives, in the election ofPresiclentby Congress.
Some ot these changes may come up in time.
While it is not my business to admonish good,
loyal Rhode Island, yet it might be well for
Rhode Island and some other of those States
in the Bast to keep a little near shore, and not
gp out too far in this experiment of making
changes in the Constitution.
. Now, I appeal to every man who hears me if
the work of Constitution making and Constitu-
tion amending is not one of the very things that
require, not only the calmest deliberation, but
the highest order of patriotism. It needs men
who will rise up above the feverish political
issues of the day, trample 1hem under foot as
unworthy a moment's consideration, and look
with the eye of the patriot and statesman over
the whole country, embracing in their liberal
view every section and every interest of the
country for all time to come.
But. sir, among these seventy amendments,
every one that my attention lias been called to
is a miserable scrap of party stuff. The one
now under consideration has no higher object
in view than a mere sectional advantage to strike
down and weaken the representative power of
Kentucky and the other southern States ; or in-
stead of that, we are to have the negroes en-
franchised, so that they will hold the balance of
power and secure the control of the States to
the Republican party. It is a measure not to
affect the men of the North, but to come down
with considerable effect upon the bordor States.
It is wholly, entirely, intensely sectional ami
partisan, and every man knows it.
Now, I propose to call attention to the record
this Republican party has made on this very
question, it is time that a little; posting" was
done, so as to bring together and compare the
different pages of record this party has made.
At the time when the emancipation question
was up, and when everything else was kept be-
hind the curtain, and that development of the
negro question only presented, it was denied
everywhere that anything else was to come
afterward.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I dislike to
interrupt the gentleman ; but 1 wish to make a
correction of an error into which he appears to
have fallen.
Mr. 1IAROINO, of Kentucky. I will yield
tp the gentleman with great pleasure, if it is con-
sented that it is not to conic out of my little
time.
Mr. WASIIBIIRNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to take up the time of the gentleman, and
I hope that the lew moments I may occupy may
not be taken from hisfimo. The gentleman has
repeated a statement which I have seen several
times, that there are seventy propositions before
the two Douses of Congress to amend the Con-
stitution. That is an error. I understand that
there are only twenty in this House and eight
m the Senate, and those all relating to bat three
or four subjects.
, -M,r' HA-RD1Nd, of Kentucky. Well, sir, I
tmuk I have counted more than the gentleman
has mentioned, I made the statement on the
authority of a statement made the other day
111 Senate and not contradicted. But it is
very certain that the way they arcmultiplying
day by dixy tlioir name will be legion very
soon.
No\f, sir, I propose to look to the record of
this party a little, and I will be glad to have gen-
tlemen listen to me. When emancipation was
the question, and everything else was ignored,
the presses of the North teemed, and it rang
out licre in these Halls day by day and week
after week, that the slaves of the South were
degraded, degraded in body and mind, exceed-
ingly ignorant, but little above the level of the
beasts of the field ; and that degradation and
ignorance was declared to be in consequence
of slavery. Every man knows that that was
the voice that rang out here in this Hall for
weeks and mon ths; that t hat, representation was
universally made through all the anti-slavery
presses, who declared that, slavery was "the
sum of all villainies." And why? Because it
debased and degraded to the lowest depths of
ignorance the slave. Every man knows very
well that that was so. One phase only of the
negro question was then presented.
Now, when the negro suffrage bill for the
District of Columbia was to be passed, what did
we hear from this same party? Why, that the
slaves have ample capacity and were qualified
and intelligent enough not only to take care of
themselves, but to receive a part of the sovereign
power of this Government; capable of exercis-
ing judiciously the political franchise; capable
of taking their full share in the political power
and in the rule of this Government. That was
the spirit of the bill you passed. It says to the
wb ole country that you believe that these slaves,
contrabands and all, who have swarmed here,
are qualified now, though but yesterday released
from slavery, to exercise that most important
privilege^ under our form of Government, the
elective franchise. You imparl to them a part
of the sovereignty of this country; you give
them equal power in political control and rule;
you allow them to aid in directing and control-
ling this complex but beautiful'machinery of
government. Every man knows this.
Now the question i have to ask is simply this:
when you were striving k> emancipate the negro,
and represented everywhere that the slaves were
degraded almost to the level of the brutes of
the field, sunk into the lowest depths of igno-
rance, did you believe it? If you believed "that
then, you did not and do not believe what you
said in favor oi tin; passage, of the negro suf-
frage bill in the Dish-jet. of Columbia, because
you urged in favor of thai bill, as you do in
this proposed amendment of the Constitution,
but more especially when you passed that bill
giving universal suffrage in this District, that
the negroes can bo salely intrusted with an
equal participation in the Government, and are
intelligent, enough and sufficiently qualified to
take part iu the control of the Government.
Do you believe this? If you do. then you did
not and could not believe what you said on the
emancipation question. Or ifyou believed that,
then yon do not and cannot believe what you
said on the suffrage question, luolhei woids,
it that  hich j oil then said in regard to the
ignorance and debasement of the negro when
you proposed to emancipate him was true, then
it follows that what you have lately said in re-
gard to their qualification tor the exercise of
the elective franchi'-e was fiilse. Or. if what
you said lately iu regard to their qualifications
to exercise the elective franchise was true, then
what you said on the emancipation question
was false. That is, if this is true, that was
false: if that was true, this is false; and there
is no escape from it.
1 contend that this whole movement of Con-
stitution amending is Intensely partisan. 1 ask
my h eptibliean friends this question: if the slaves
are qualified to exercise the political sovereignty
ofthih country, where, in what school, were iliey
qualified? Do we not. all know that they were
brought here sis savages from that dark and be-
nighted land of savage cruelly where supersti-
tion, crime, and bloodshed reign? If they are
now tit to be your equals in controlling this
Government, where were they schooled ? Why,
sir, the schooling they got was under south-
ern masters. You now turn pro-slavery advo-
cates and utter a stronger doctrine in favor of
the system of slavery than ever wag uttered by
January 26,
any man in the South. Now, I inquire again,
whether you believe that the Africans of the
South were so degraded and ignorant as you
represented, and whether you now believe that,
they are intelligent and qualified to exercise the
elective franchise? Did you believe either?
Is it not a doubtful compliment to the acknowl-
edged intelligence of that party to suppose that
they believed either?
But, again, to come alittle nearer to the pres-
ent time, and to come to a matter that is fresh
within the recollection of every man. A few
days ago these Halls rang with declamation to
show that the negro is qualified to take part in
the Government equally with the white man,
and that no distinction ought to remain between
them. I know that there are here a few noble,
independent, honest Republicans who rose
above their party and refused to follow party
lead ou that occasion; but almost two thirds of
the members of this House declared by their
votes that the negroes, the whole mass of contra-
bands here in the District, are well qualified to
exercise the elective franchise, to take part in
the political power and government of this
country. Did you believe that?
What do we see next? When the bill for the
Precdmen's Bureau is presented, you represent
the negro as utterly helpless—a child, and not
fit to take care of himself; and upon the theory
of his helplessness and ignorance this Frced-
men's Bureau is professedly based; the negro
must have a guardian, and must be treated as
an infant in all respects; so far from his being
fit to take part in the Government, he cannot
govern himself; he cannot make a contract for
a week's work; everything in regard to him
must be controlled by the Preedmen's Bureau
or its agents. Now, does any man in his senses
believe both these propositions? One or the
other is necessarily false. It is impossible tor
the same set of men to believe both proposi-
tions; and this party did not and could not.
What next? Why, we all know that there arc
in various States a large number of intelligent
young while men between the ages of seventeen
and twenty-one years, many of whom have
fought your battles. Another portion of the
people is composed of tax-paying widows, and
strong-minded unmarried white ladies, and your
wives and daughters. These are all disfran-
chised; but. the negroes are all enfranchised.
Now, what is the logic of your action here? It
declares that these young men, these widows,
these unmarried ladies, these wives and daugh-
ters have less intelligence, less qualification'for
taking part in the Government than the negroes;
that il. will be more dangerous to intrust, them
with the elective franchise than to confide that
privilege to the contrabands of the South. That
is what you say by the logic of your action. But
do you believe it? 'Ihere is not one single man
here that believes it in his heart or believes a
woid of it.
Then, again, does any man believe that it is
necessary for the comfort and happiness of the
freedman that he shall be made a voter and an
ofliee-holdei'? Will it benefit him, make his
condition better? You say so. Do you believe
it? Then why deny this precious boon to your
widows, your young sons, and your wives and
daughters? Are they not "bone of your bone,
and flesh of your flesh?'' or has the fell spirit
of fanaticism intervened between you and your
own race and color, and divorced vou from the
"white man's Government" and the white
race, so that, like the gentleman from Ohio,
[Jlr. Ihxajt.v.M,] it shocks your sensibility even
to hear this called the "while man's Govern-
ment*'
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Not here;
presently, when I get through.
Why, sir, when a member talks here about
this being a "white man's Government" he is
gravely rebuked. Now, the way you are going
on, I admit you are changing and coloring this
Government right fast. [Laughter.] But I
say it was a "white man's Government" once,
I know; and as a "white man's Government"
