3432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
merits of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 313>to regulate the transportation
of nitro-glyeerine or glynoin oil.
The PRESlDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ments will be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have examined the
amendments proposed by the House to that
bill, and they are merely in the verbal phrase-
ology of it, and are perfectly satisfactory to me
and I have no doubt are to the rest of the com-
mittee. I move that the Senate concur in the
amendments.
The amendments were concurred in,
WILLIAM IIICKEY.
Mr. WILSON submitted the followingres-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate: .
Resolved, That there be paid to the legal repre-
sentativesof William Hickey, late Chief Clerk of the
Senate, $300 to defray his funeral expenses, and that
they be paid the balance of his salary as Chief Clerk
for the year in which he died.
MESSAGE EllOM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed,
without amendment, the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 113) for the construction of a railroad
bridge across the Cuyahoga river over and upon
the Government piers at Cleveland, Ohio.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 145) granting land to A.
M. Jess, of Josephine county, Oregon;
A bill (H. R. No. 179) amendatory of the
organic act of Washington Territory; and
A bill (II. R. No. 391) to create the office
of surveyor general in Idaho Territory.
i SUFFRAGE IN Till) DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 1) to regulate
the elective franchise in the District of Colum-
bia, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Morrill to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia as a substitute for the bill. The
amendment to the amendment was in line
seven, after the word "therein" to insert "and
excepting persons who may have voluntarily
left the District of Columbia to give aid and
comfort to the rebels in the late rebellion
so that, if amended, the amendment of the
committee will read:
That from and after the passaso of this act, each
and every male person, excepting paupers and per-
sons under guardianship, of the ago of twenty-one
years and upwards, who has not been eonvictcd of
any infamous crime or offense, and who is a citizen
of the United States, and who shall have resided in
the said Districtforthepcriod of sixmonths previous
to any election therein, and excepting persons who
may have voluntarily left the District of Columbia
to £ive aid and comfort to the rebels in the late re-
bellion, shall bo entitled to the elective Iranchise,
and shall be deemed an elector and entitled to vote
at any election in said District, without any distinc-
tion on account of color or race.
Sec. 2. A:n/l be it further enacted, That any person
whose duty it shall be to receivo votes at any elec-
tion within the District of Columbia who shall will-
fully refuse to receive or who shall willfully reject
the vote of any person entitled to such right under
this act, shall be liablo to an action of tort by the
person injured, and shall be liable on indictment and
conviction, if such act was done knowingly, to a line
not exceeding: $5,000, or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding one year in tho jail of said District, or
to both.
Sec. 3. And be it. further enacted, That if any per-
son or persons shall willfully interrupt or disturb
any such elector in the exercise of such franchise, he
or they slmllbedeemedguiltyof a misdemeanor, and,
on conviction thereof, shall be fined in any sum not
to exceed $1,000, or be imprisoned in the jail in said
District for a period not to exceed thirty days, or
both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec.4. And be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of tho several courts having criminal jurisdic-
tion m said District to give this act in special charge
to the grand jury at tho commencement of each term
of the court.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act bo, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the mayors
andaldermen of tho citics of Washington and George-
town, respectively, on or beforcthe first day of March
in each year, shall piepaic a list of the persons they
judge to be qualified to vote in the several wards of
said cities in any election; and said mayors and al-
dermen shall be in open session to receive evidence
of the qualification of persons claiming tho right to
vote in any election therein, and for correcting said
list, on two days in each year, not exceeding five days
prior to the annual election for the choice of city
officers, giving previousaotiee of the time and place
of each session in some newspaper printed in said
District.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That on or before
the — day of tho mayors and aldermen of said
cities shall post up a list of voters thus prepared in
one or more public places in said cities, respectively,
at least ten days prior to said annual oleetion.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the officers
presiding at any election shall keep and use the
check-list herein required at the polls during^ the
election of all officers, and no vote shall be received
unless delivered by thevoter in person, and not until
the presiding officer has had opportunity to be satis-
fied of his identity, and shall find his name on the
list, and mark it, and ascertain that his vote is single.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, before we proceed with this
bill, which of tho two measures he proposes
shall be finally passed—the one placing this
District under the charge of commissioners,
reported some time since and which was par-
tially considered some days ago, or this one
extending the suffrage? I think the public
good would be subserved by the able and well-
considered bill we had under consideration a
few days ago placing this District under the
charge of a board of commissioners. I think
any person who has examined the subject and
lived in this city for a short period and ob-
served the situation, will be satisfied that that
is the kind of legislation we really need. I
should like, before we proceed with this bill,
to know of the chairman which one of the two
measures he proposes to press.
Mr. MORRILL. I was quite disposed, on
another occasion, to take the sense of the Sen-
ate on the bill referred to by the Senator from
Nevada, but tho Senate seemed to have some
apprehensions that, at this late day in tho ses-
sion, it would hardly be practicable to consum-
mate that measure; besides, I was admonished
by my honorable friend on my left, the Sena-
tor from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] that he
had a very decidcd preference that we should
proceed with the consideration of the bill now
under consideration, as being the first in order.
Mr. STEWART. You had better inquire
of him if he intends to vote for cither.
Mr. MORRILL. And for some other rea-
sons which were rather hinted at than stated.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
also seemed to have such a preference. Think-
ing, therefore, that it was possible I might not
succeed in getting the attention of the Senate
to the bill referred to by the Senator from Ne-
vada, and considering that this bill was re-
ported to tho Senate among the earliest that
were introduced at the commencement of this
session, and considering, moreover, as I be-
lieve, the general expectation in the country
that Congress should not adjourn until some
action upon this subject had been taken, I con-
cluded to ask the attention of the Senate to
this bill.
Perhaps I ought to say, before asking the
consideration of the Senate further, that I pro-
pose to offer some amendments to this bill
further to qualify it. As reported to the Sen-
ate it provided for unrestricted and, I believe,
what would be called impartial and perhaps
universal suffrage in the District, as applicable
to all males of the years of majority. I pro-
pose to qualify it by requiring that persons to
be entitled to the elective franchise in this
District shall be able to read and write; fur-
ther, that persons who served in the military
or naval service of the country during the re-
bellion shall have the right to vote; and a fur-
ther qualification disfranchising all persons who
entered the service of the confederate States
against the Government of the United States.
With those qualifications I made up my mind
that it was my duty, having charge of this bill,
under all the circumstances, some of which I
have alluded to, to ask the consideration of the
Senate to the subject. I am not particularly
desirous of going on with it now, if gentlemen
want further time. Otherwise I should like to
have the consideration of the Senate to-day.
The subject is one that has been very much
discussed; and in the limited, qualified form
in which I propose to put it, I had hardly
anticipated much objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthoxy
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maine to the
amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. If the amendment to the
amendment is still within my reach I will move
to insert it after the word "offense" in the
fourth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made in the insertion of the amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what bill we are amending. There are so many
of them that I really cannot understand them.
Are we at work on the original bill, or the bill
as reported by the committee?
Mr. MORRILL. On Senate bill No. 1, on
an amendment to the amendment reported by
the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment that is
now offered is to the committee's amendment?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it does not come
in on line four. As I have it printed here the
word "offense" is on line six.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator has the wrong
copy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have what purports
to be Senate bill No. 1, reported by Mr. Mor-
rill, with amendments, namely, "strike out
the parts within the brackets and insert those
printed in italics." Is that the bill you are at
work upon?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir. The bill on which
we are now acting is the one reported on the
12th of January last.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say one word on
the amendment that is offered by the Senator
from Maine. I do not object to the temporary
disfranchisement of those who have been in
arms as a matter of precaution or safety for
the District; but if it is intended by this amend-
ment to set the precedent that all who have
been engaged in the rebellion, or who may have
left this District to become engaged in the re-
bellion, are to be disfranchised for all time to
come, then I shall not bo disposed to concur
in it, and for this reason: I believe that the
theory of universal suffrage goes upon the idea
that it renders innocuous those who have been
engaged in the rebellion heretofore; that their
facility for getting up rebellion originated in
the fact that a large portion of the community
was disfranchised; that if it had not been for
that fact they could not have succeeded ; and
that if you are going to have permanent peace
and safety for the country you will only assure
it by removing those disfranchisements and
making suffrage equal and impartial, and that
that will be in itself a substantial guarantee for
the peace of the country in the future. Sir, I
believe that doctrine. I believe that impartial
or universal suffrage is the only reconstruction
that will give us safety in the hereafter. I
believe, furthermore, that if it is not adopted
to-day, it will he simply remitted to the agita-
tions of parties and the conflict of sections, and
perhaps extending over a term of twenty years,
it will simply defer that long our arrival at a
period of repose and safety.
Now, sir, I am free to say, for my own part,
that I prefer to take the amendment as it comes
from the committee without any qualification.
I do not wish the suffrage restricted perma-
nently on the ground of action of this sort during
the rebellion. I do not wish the suffrage re-
stricted by any educational qualifications ; nor
do I wish it restricted by any property qualifi-
