1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
uu
examination of imported merchandise in the
district of New York.
The bill was originally introduced by Mr.
Morgan. In lieu of the appraisers now au-
thorized by law for the appraisement of goods,
wares, and merchandise at the port of New
York, it proposes to empower the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to appoint for that port one appraiser, who shall
bo practically acquainted with the quality and
value of some one or more of the chief articles
of importation subject to appraisement, and
who, before he enters upon the duties of his
office, shall take and subscribe an oath faith-
fully to direct and supervise the examination,
inspection, and appraisement, according to law,
of such goods, wares, and merchandise as the
collector may direct, and to cause to be duly
reported to the collector the true value thereof
as required by law. The appraiser, in cases
of his necessary and occasional absence, may
perform his functions, ad interim, by deputy,
designated by him in writing, from the assistant
appraisers to be appointed under the provisions
of the act.
By the second section, in lieu of the assist-
ant appraisers now authorized by law for-the port
of New York, the Secretary of the Treasury may
appoint not exceeding ten assistant appraisers
for that port, who shall be practically acquainted
with the quality and value of some one or more
of the chief articles of importation subject to
appraisement, and included among the goods,
wares, or merchandise, to the examination and
appraisement of which they are respectively to
be assigned, and who shall be employed in ap-
praising goods, according to law, under the
direction and supervision of the appraiser ; and
each of whom shall, before entering upon the
duties of his office, take and subscribe an oath
diligently and faithfully to examine and inspect
such goods, wares, and merchandise as the ap-
praiser may direct, and truly to report to him
the true value thereof, according to law; such
report to be subject to revision and correction
hy the appraiser, and when approved by him
to be transmitted to the collector, and to be
deemed and taken to be the appraisement by
the United States local appraiser of the district
of such goods, wares, or merchandise required
by law. *
The third section made it the duty of one of
the assistant appraisers to be appointed by
virtue of the act with special reference to his
qualifications for the duties in this section set
forth, in addition to the duties required of him
by the appraiser to perform the duties and act
in the place and stead of the special examiner
of drugs, medicines, chemicals, &c., at the
port of New York, as provided by the act of
June 2G, 184-8, chapter seventy, and one of
the assistant appraisers to be appointed by
virtue of the act is to be deiailed by the ap-
praiser for the supervision of the department
for the examination of merchandise damaged
on the voyage of importation, and as far as
practicable to make examinations andappraisals
of such or any other merchandise as the ap-
praiser may direct, and in all cases truly to
report to him the extent of such damage, or
the true value of the merchandise appraised,
as the case may be, according to law, such re-
port to to be subject to the same revision, cor-
rection, and approval by the appraiser, as
prescribed in the second section of this act,
and to be in like manner, and for the same
purpose, transmitted to the collector.
It was provided in the fourth section that in
lieu of the clerks now employed in the exam-
ination inspection, and appraisement of goods,
waies, and merchandise, at the port of New
York, the Secretary of the Treasury may, on
the nomination of the appraiser, appoint such
number of examiners as said Secretary may
deem necessary, their compensation to be lim-
ited and fixed by him, to aid each of the assist-
ant appraisers in the examination, inspection,
and appraisement of goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, according to law; and no person
shall be appointed such examiner who is not,
at the time of his appointment, practically and
thoroughly acquainted with the character, qual-
ity, and value of the article or articles in the
examination and appraisement of which he is
to be employed; nor shall any such examiner
enter upon the discharge of his duties until he
shall have taken and subscribed an oath faith-
fully and diligently to discharge such duties
according to law; and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall also appoint, on the nomination
of the appraiser, the clerks and messengers
employed in the appraiser's office, or in any
of the departments thereof, and limit and fix
their number and compensation.
The fifth section made it unlawful for the
appraiser, the assistant appraisers, examiners,
clerks, verifiers, samplers, messengers, or other
persons employed in the departments of ap-
praisal, or any of them, to engage or be em-
ployed in any commercial or mercantile busi-
ness, or act as agent for any person engaged
in such business, during the term of their ap-
pointment.
Under the sixth section the appraiser was
to receive a compensation of $5,000 per annum,
and the assistant appraisers each $3,000 per
annum, to bo paid out of the proceeds ofi'the
customs.
By the seventh section, the compensation
allowed to the appraiser and the assistant ap-
praisers was to be paid monthly, and in due
proportion for any period less than one month
for the time they may actually serve.
The eighth section repealed all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act ; and provided that all provisions of exist-
ing acts relating to the duties of the appraisers
now provided for by law, or to any proceed-
ings consequent or dependent upon the action
of such appraisers, and not inconsistent with
the provisions of this act, shall be construed to
apply to the appraiser and the assistant ap-
praisers provided for by this act, and shall be
continued in full force, and that this act, shall
take effect on and after the 1st day of Febru-
ary, 1806.
The bill having been referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, was reported with amend-
ments, the first of which was after the word
''direct" in line thirteen of section one to in-
sert " and as is hereinafter provided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
''law" in line sixteen of section one, to insert:
Provided, That tho collector shall not, under any
cireumttancON direct to be sent for examination and
appiaisementlessthan onepackagoof every invoice,
and one package at least out ot every ten packages
of goods, wares, and merchandise, and a greater num-
ber should he, or the appraiser, or any assistant ap-
praiser deem it necessaiy: Provided, nevertheless,
Thatwhen from the character and description of the
proods, wares, and merchandise, or from any other
cause, (ho Secretary of the Treasury may bo of tho
opinion that the examination ot a less proportion
ot'paekages will amply protect the revenue, he may,
by special or general regulation, dircet a loss num-
ber ot packages to bo examined.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was after the word
"appraiser" in line twenty-eight of section
one to insert '■ created by this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the words
" verifiers, samplers, openers, packers" after
"clerks" in lino nineteen of section four; so
as to make the section read :
And the Sec-etary of the Treasury shall also ap-
point, oil the nomination of the appraiser, the clerks,
verifiers, samplers, openers, packers, and messengers
employed m tho appraiser's office, or in any of the
departments thereof, and shall limit and tlx their
number and compensation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next. amendment was in section six,
line three, to strike out "five" and insert "six;"
in lino five to strike out "three" and insert
"four;" and in line six to strike out " pro-
ceeds of the customs" and insert "appropri-
ations for defraying the expenses of collecting
the revenue;" so as to make the section read:
S 6. And be it further eneined. That tho appraiser
•who may be appointed under the provisions of this
act shall receiveaeompeusation of $6,000perannum,
and the assistant appraisers shall cachrecoive a com-
pensation of ®4,080 per annum-, to be paid out of the
appropriations for defraying the expenses of collect-
ing tlie revenue. - 1
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section eight,
line ten, to strike out " February" and insert
"March."
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill was prepared
in February, but as we are already in the month
of March wo must fix a later day for the -act
going into effect. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " March" and inserting
"April."
Mr. HARRIS. I suggest to the Senator
from Michigan that he had better name May;
the bill is yet to go through the other House.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I will say
May. *
'The amendment to the amendment was
adopted; and the amendment as amended was
agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing, as an additional section :
^ Sec. 0. And be it further enaeted1 That if at any
time, from an increase of importations, or from any
other oause, there shall bo found upon the floors of
the public stores in the city of New I ork an accumu-
lation of merchandise awaiting appraisement, it shall
be theduty of the appraiser, under regulations estab-
lished by the Secretary of tho Treasury, to direct tho
assistant appraisers, and others associated with them
in this branch of the public business, to devote timo
beyond the usual business hours, in each day, during
daylight, to their respective duties, to the end that
tho business of appraisement may be faithfully and
more promptly dispatched.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
an explanation of one clause in the first sec-
tion, and it is also in the second section. The
first section provides for the appointment of
an appraiser, "who shall be practically ac-
quainted with the quality and value of some
one or more of the chief articles of importa-
tion subject to appraisement;" and I notice
the same language in the second section in re-
gard to the assistant appraisers. It strikes me
that this provision will be productive of diffi-
culty. What is the use of it, anyhow?
Mr. CHANDLER. The object is to have
practical men employed in the appraisement,
and to let each one attend to his own specialty.
If one man is conversant with dry goods, or
with a particular kind of dry goods, let him
appraise those goods; let another, whose spe-
cialty is drugs, appraise drugs, and so on. Let
each appraiser be practically acquainted with
the branch of merchandise which he is called
upon to appraise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presumed that was
the object, and it seems to me that in that it
will fail, and it may do injury in some eases.
My attention has been called to this point, not
by any person, but perhaps on account of the
interest I take in one person who is connected
with the appraiser's office in tho city of New
York. This language, I suppose, will be con-
strued to mean an individual who has been a
dealer in these articles, and familiar with them;
a purchaser or seller, or something of that kind.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; it is sufficient if
he has had experience as an appraiser.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But an appraiser of
some one article.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me give a case.
"When I was Secretary of the Treasury, I ap-
pointed as appraiser a man who had been in
the custom-house for some time and was ac-
quainted with business there. I appointed him
because 1 knew him and had known him for a
great many years, from his boyhood in fact,
and knew him to be a perfectly upright, honest
man, and a man of great industry and care. I
am told that he has made an admirable officer,
and has been of very great use to the office.
He never was a dealer in anything. He was
a lawyer originally. I believe there is not a
word said against him. On the contrary, every
one thinks he is a good officer. Will not this
provision remove him?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all. If that man
has had two or three years' experience he may
be the very best appraiser that can be got in
the whole United States,
