1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3433
cations. I want it simple and absolute, a right
of human nature, which is as much a right as
any other of self-defense in political communi-
ties or out of political-communities. I there-
fore simply signify that I prefer the amend-
ment as it comes from the committee without
the additional qualifications which the Senator
now proposes.
Mr. WTLLEY. Is the proposition of the
Senator from Maine susceptible of amendment
at present?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is an
amendment to an amendment, and not sub-
ject to further amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. Is that proposition now sus-
ceptible of amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
the amendment by inserting in section one,
line seven, after the word "therein," the fol-
lowing words : "and who can read the Consti-
tution of the United States in the English
language and write his name."
Mr. BROWN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think I would
object to this amendment but for the insertion
of the word "English." There are a great
many very well-educated men who cannot read
in the English language, or write their names
in English.
Mr. MORRILL. If they arc citizens they
ought to be able to read the English language.
Mr. POMEllOY. They are Germans. There
arc in my State a great many Germans who are
educated, loyal, patriotic, and radical, but they
cannot read the English language. They can
write their names, but they cannot write their
names in the English language. Tlicy write
them in German; that is, they have the Ger-
man spelling and the German letters. 1 do not
know but that it is necessary in this District to
insist that persons who enjoy the franchise
should write in English; but I have yet to
learn that a man is any more of a patriot by
writing in English than he would be by writing
in German or some other language. I have
believed that a man was an American as truly
when he became so from choice as though he
was so from necessity. 'The Senator from Maine
and myself were born lierej but we could not
help it. There is no great merit in that. But the
man who becomes an American from choice,
who looking over the ocean and seeing America,
learning of our institutions, breathing some-
what of our freedom, longing to identify him-
self with us in this groat struggle for self-gov-
ernment, comes here and voluntarily assumes
the duties of a citizen, enters our Army, and
carries our flag to victory; I say such a mail,
if he cannot write a word in English, is an
American; he is a patriot; he is loyal; and
he should be entitled to vote.
I should not like to defeat this amendment
by proposing an amendment to it, but I cer-
tainly believe it would be stronger and better
by striking out, the word "English'' and let-
ting it stand, " who can read the Constitution
of the United States and write his name."
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend tlieamend-
mentby striking out the words "in the Eng-
lish language."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is an
amendment to an amendment, and it is not
susceptible of further amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will say, while I am
up, that I do not think it right to insert the
words "in the English language" here. I
think it a great mistake. We ought to say
nothing about that, and I see no sort of sense
inputting in the words "who can write his
name." What lias writing to do with voting?
Many men of rare intelligence and character,
from physical causes, cannot write their names,
owing to paralysis or some cause of that kind.
In some of the States where they have made
this rule, they have provided for such persons
by adding ths words, "unless prevented by
physical causes." I do not see any reason
for the insertion of these words, "in the Eng-
lish language." I think the whole thing is
trifling. I do not believe in putting in any of
this matter about reading. We put it in our
constitution a few years ago in Massachusetts,
although we have not to-day probably a thou-
sand voters in the State who cannot read and
write ; and it has been quoted for us and against
us from that time to this. I have attended
elections in the State for thirty years, and I
never knew the test put, and I do not suppose
it has ever been put. I voted against it then,
and I am opposed to it now. I do not believe
a word of it. Still, if I could not get a suffrage
bill through without it, I would consent to it.
But why tell a German, a man of intelligence
and character, that ho must read the Consti-
tution in the English language? Why say to
the Frenchman, or to any other foreigner who
comes here, that he must be able to read and
write in the English language ? I think it is
all wrong. In my opinion we had better meet
the question squarely on the manhood of the
case.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not at all particular
about the phraseology. I think it not unlikely
that the influence of Massachusetts in this in-
stance was a sort of malign influence to which
I ought not to have yielded. I found this pro-
vision in the constitution of Massachusetts,
and I did not suppose that her honorable Sen-
ator would feel quite at liberty to repudiate it
bore.
Mr. WILSON. I voted against it there.
Mr. MORRILL. But, outside of Massachu-
setts there is a reason that occurs to mo why
we should require those who exercise the elect-
ive franchise to read the English language.
It is the language of this country. There is
none other recognized in the publication of
the laws.
Mr. BROWN. You are mistaken.
Mr. MO It HILL. 1 am speaking now of the
laws of Congress. The Constitution of the
United States is not furnished by Congress to
anybody except in the English language. The
live years' quarantine, within which a foreigner
is to have an opportunity to learn our instilu-
tions, are sufficient, if he is intelligent, to learn
the English language, and to enable him to read
the Constitution, and therefore it is no hard-
ship. I believe for the sake of unity, unity in
our civilization, unity in our language, unity in
our sentiments and opinions, that, we ought to
inculcate as a standard and a formula that the
laws should always be printed in the English
language; and so far as any qualification is
concerned, certainly our civilization is worth
but little in its influence and its effect upon
aliens and foreigners, if at least we do not re-
quire them to speak our language. That is the
reason that influences me more than anything
else, and leads me to desire the adoption of
some such proposition. At the same time, I
do not think it of importance enough to divide
our friends upon that, subject,; and in order to
accommodate the question to the views of gen-
tlemen I am perfectly willing, if it is within my
power, to modify the amendment by striking
out the words " in the English language ;" so
that it will read, "and who can read the Con-
stitution and write his name."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays having been ordered, it requires gen-
eral consent to make the modification. The
Chair hears no objection, and the amendment
to the amendment is so modified.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that the
adoption of this amendment may involve us
in this trouble : I do not know how extensive
the foreign population may be in this District;
but T suppose that the adoption of this amend-
ment, if it shall be adopted, will have a con-
siderable reflex influence upon the public sen-
timent of the States, and may lead to the adop-
tion of similar amendments, or to the agitation
of the question whether similar amendments
should be adopted there. Take as an exam-
ple one of the western States, the State in
which I have the honor to reside. Wc have a
population made up from every one of the Ger- -
man principalities and Powers—Swedes, Nor-,
wegians, Danes; some Russians, some French,-
some Spanish, and some Portuguese. They
have different dialects of the different languages
that are peculiar to their country. Now, if
such an amendment as this were adopted in
that State as a part of its legislative law on the-
subject of elections, how would it be possible
for it to be administered? The Constitution
of the United States probably could not be
found published in one third of the languages
that are spoken in that State.
It is said that these people after having under-
gone a novitiate of five years ought to be able
to read the English language. That is the case
with those who come to the country young.
Those who come here under the age of eight-
een, or probably under the age of twenty-five,
learn the English language in the course of five
years so as to be able to speak it well, and gen-
erally to read it; but the man who comes here
in mature life never learns to read it, and hardly
ever learns to talk it, unless he was before he
came here a thoroughly educated man. A
large majority of the population that come to
this country from abroad belong to the peas-
antry of the country from which they came.
They have a limited education, as a general
thing ; but they have passed that period of lifer
when they are qualified to acquire with any
sort of correctness another language, and to be
able to speak especially so difficult a language
as the English language.
Mr. MORRILL. I have stricken that out.
Mr. GRIMES. I know it docs not require
them to read in the English language, but it
requires them to read the Constitution in some
language. You will not find the Constitution
published in one half of the languages that are
spoken by these different, people in the country.
Will not the adoption of such an amendment
lead to complications and troubles if it is put
upon that basis? That is the point I raise.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the honora-
ble Senator that it seems to me the obvious
answer to that is, that this provision applies
to the District of Columbia, and if it should
have the reflex influence in a general way that
he supposes, of course no State would be dis-
posed to adopt it as a formula where a portion
of the people are situated as the honorable
Senator supposes. Whatever its general influ-
ence might be, it would not have the effect to
influence the legislation of such a State.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
attention of the Senator from Maine for one
moment. It seems to me there is sonic mis-
understanding in regard to the bill now before
the Senate. If I remember aright, the bill that
the Senator has called up was first reported
from the committee. Then, on motion of tho
Senator from Illinos, who is now by my side,
[Mr. Yates,] it was referred to the committee
again ; and, according to my recollection, the
committee reported back, then, the llousc bill,
a bill that has already passed the House, on
this subject, and our chairman was directed to
put that bill on its passage at as early a day as
possible. Now, I understand that the chair-
man, instead of putting the House bill on its
passage, brings forward tho other bill, which
had been recommitted to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, on motion of my
friend, the Senator from Illinois. It seems
to me there is some misapprehension.
Mr. MORRILL. The misapprehension is
in the facts. The honorable Senator has not
the facts in his mind.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps not; I thought I
had.
Mr. MORRILL. With his permission, I
will state the facts.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill was sent to the
committee by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade.] It will be seen that it is Senate bill
No. 1, the first bill on this subject or any sub-
ject that went to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Some weeks afterward—.
months, possibly—a bill came from the House,
