1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
it had my first love—a love even stronger than
woman's love.
It was a white man's Government. What it
will be by and by I know not.
At the time the negro suffrage bill for the
District of Columbia was under discussion, a
stranger coming into this Hall and looking into
the galleries might have thought, seeing them
full of negroes, that this was not a white man's
Government. At an early hour they rushed
into the galleries, ousted and kept out white
wen and white ladies. Who could blame them?
They had heard the gentleman from Ohio [Air.
Bingham] denounce the sentiment that this was
a white man's Government. They took the hint,
got possession first, and held it; and in doing
so were they not following your example ? They
took the galleries just as you have taken this
House ; you got in first and took possession of
this Hall, and when the members from Tennes-
see and other States eame you closed the doors
upon them.
Mr. KE1.LEY. Let me say a word.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Not just
new.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman has asked
a question which I want an opportunity to an-
swer.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Presently.
Now, Mr. Speaker, from these few hasty re-
marks, I ask every gentleman whether it is not
plain and palpable that this whole strife and
agitation in regard to negro suffrage is not be-
cause any man seriously believes he has the ca-
pacity and qualification for its exercise, nor is
m any sense to benefit him. It is intended for
your benefit, not his—all to subserve your party
purposes. It is evident that the whole thing is
for the purpose of making party capital by con-
verting the whole negro population into voters,
under the idea that they will all vote with the
Republican party, and so give them the balance
of power in the southern States. Is not that
the truth ?
Let us apply another test. If we could sat-
isfy this House and this Congress that the ne-
groes, when enfranchised, would vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket, it would kill this amendment at
once, and silence every Republican voice. I
ask if there is a single man among you who
would vote for negro suffrage if he believed the
negroes would vote the Democratic ticket?
Not one, and you know it. You support this
amendment because yon believe you can con-
trol the negro vote. The amendment itself is
a piece of groveling, miserable, party patch-
work.
It is in that spirit the Constitution is ap-
proached by the Republican party. I would
myself scorn to approach that sacred instru-
ment to amend or change it in any respect, for
any sectional or party purpose whatever. No
man is fit to touch it unless he can rise above
party, shake off party trammels, look over the
whole country, and take in and provide for the
interest and wants of all sections. Sir, when
gentlemen approach a question so grave and
serious as that of amending the Constitution,
they ought to feel that "the ground is holy"
and ''take off their shoes." ' At such a time all
party feelings, and party purposes should stand
abashed and rebuked.
But I contend that party advantage is the
whole object of all the proposed amendments
to the Constitution. They are the result of j
party feeling. There is not one which has not ]
some sectional party end. The amendment j
under consideration is the first fruit of the cel-
ebrated reconstruction committee. It opens
the door, and wo can see all that is behind.
What do we find to be 3'our plan and purpose ?
To keep out the Representatives of the States
who are as much entitled to their seats as the
President is to his seat. In that way you expect
to get a two-thirds vote to ingraft 011 the Con*
stitution your political dogmas. You act upon
the ground that, to be perfectly safe and secure
in power yourselves, it is necessary to keep the
southern States out of power, and that is the
timeand occasionfixed on to do thispartv work.
It is monstrous!
Afterour Constitution wasformed, and Wash-
ington and other great and good men had retired
from their labor, they looked into the future,
and with almost prophetic vision saw that sec-
tional parties and party spirit were the great
dangers to which the Government was exposed.
How faithfully they warned us against these
dangers. But how fearful and terrible has been
the bloody strife into which this country has
been plunged by not regarding those earnest
and solemn warnings. And yet, right in the
face of all this, it is attempted now and here
to manufacture a sectional, party Constitution,
providing for certain sections at the expense of
others, and at a time when those sections, at
whose expense this is to be done, are not al-
lowed to be here ; when the doors are purposely
closed against them to keep them out until you
fix up a Republican party platform and make it
a part of the Constitution.
Now, sir, is this fair? I appeal to the honest
candor of Republican gentlemen, is this fair?
And does any man in his sober senses fail to
see that you are now sowing broadcast the seeds
of revolution. If you shall, by excluding eleven
States, make a Constitution for them without
their consent, and attempt to force it upon them,
may not that come home to plague you in the
next generation? Arc you sure you will your-
selves be satisfied withit? The way to preserve
this Government is to let every man "feel its bless-
ings. Let it be like the sun of heaven, to warm
and cheer every section alike. Let every man
feel that it protects himself, his family, his
home, and all that he has, and then he is'ready
to die for it, if necessary. But if a section, a
mere part, shall usurp authority and control of
the Government, and exclude all others, mak-
ing oppressive amendments for the mere pur-
pose of sectional advantage, it is, I say, sow-
ing broadcast the very seeds of rebellion. No
man can foresee the results of these measures
in the changing fortunes of this country.
Mr. LYNCH. Willthe gentleman allow me?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Directly;
not now. You are pieparing by this amend-
ment to strike Kentucky another blow. You
propose to force her to adopt negro suffrage or
lose a part of her representation 011 this floor.
But in the ever-changing population of this
country many of your children and grand chil-
dren may in a few years be citizens of Ken-
tucky, where they will reap the fruits of this
denial of her rights; so fanatical and blind arc
all schemes for making sectional and party
constitutions in a country like this. Why, sir,
to obtain a sectional advantage in this way is
a thing 1 would not accept; I would scorn it.
Seize upon this Government, exclude eleven
States,* make a Constitution that is to operate I
upon them and their posterity for all time, and 1
not allow them to be heard! Sir, that is prov- j
ocation enough. If tlicy had had that much -
provocation before the war, they would have
been justified in the eyes of the world in the
attempt to throw off such oppression by revo-
lution ; they would then have been right. It I
would be a greater provocation even than our j
fathers had who rebelled against the Go\eru- '
ment, of Great Britain. Yoa propose to frame j
and pass an organic law without their consent !
or participation, to force it upon them, and to
tax them without representation. ]
Sir, allow me to illustrate this course of
action. Suppose three northern men unite and
form a partnership in a certain business. Each ;
brings in all his capital. They are all equal j
partners. By and by one is absent. His two |
partnerselose the doors of the house and change
the articles of partnership so as to allow him
less capital in the concern and increase their j
own. When he returns they .-ay to him, '• We I
will open the doors,.yon can come in and re- !
sums business with us, provided you will agree j
to and ratify the article of copartnership as it j
now reads; but if you will not agree to that, we !
have possession and will keep you out alto- j
gather," Now, sir. would not common hon- j
esty blush at such a transaction as that? But j;
yet', sir, is this any better? Do not two thirds 1
of the" States take possession of this House, !i
close the doors upon the other third, seek to
change the Constitution, so as to greatly in-
crease and enlarge their own powers, and dimin-
ish thepowers and rights of the other third,
proposing to force such a Constitution upon
them-or keep them out altogether? Does not
every gentleman see that all such propositions
to amend the Constitution rise no higher than
j the miserable party issues of the day? You
. seek- in the absence of those eleven States to
i hedge, fence around, and secure yourselves in
j political power. And how vain are all such
| attempts! You may prepare the way for a re-
■ hellion which may reach you bv and by as well
: as Kentucky and other border States. If you
; go on in this way, sowing the seeds of revolution,
, you may yet reap a fearful harvest for your-
i selves in the North. It is well to look now to
the future. You are attempting to manufacture
a new Constitution, closing the door against
eleven States, knowing that If they were here
you could not do it. Therefore you keep them
out.
| And then when it comes to the ratification of
j this amendment you deny them a voice in the
| ratification. For if I undei stand the gentleman
j from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] he proposes
this amendment for ratification to nineteen of
the States only.
Sir, you are proposing to intermeddle with"
the most vital question that pertains to our
Government. Sovereignty resides in.the peo-
: pie. Every man who is a voter exercises apart
: of that sovereignty. There is nothing more vi-
| tal. Our wholemachineryof Government is put
j in motion only by it. The sovereign, the voter,
| approaches the polls, touches a spring, and
j instantly the whole complex machinery is in
I motion.
The power of the elective franchise is unques-
tionably the most important power than you can
confer upon any one. It is thebasis and foun-
dation of our system of Government. If this
machinery is put in motion and started care-
fully and cautiously in the right direction, the
happiest results follow; but if it is started in
the wrong diiection, who can count the conse-
quences? Andyetyouhavesaidin someofyour
bills, and now you propose to say to the whole
country, that this degraded African"race, as you
once represented them, ignorant almost as the
beasts ol'the field, can be safely intrusted with
this important governing power. No man can
believe that it is safe. To say the very best of
it, it is an experiment, and more than that, our
formofgovernmenlisyetan experiment. Many
of our best and wisest men yet tremble for its
fate, and the history of the whole world so far
is against man's capacity for self-government.
We are now on trial, trying an experiment. We
have had one terrible collision, and we ought
to guard, especially in our constitutional amend-
ments, against a recurrence of it at a time when
the great problem of man's capacity for self-
government is not yet solved, and the eyes of
all the friends of liberty throughout the world
are intently gazing at this experiment. You
come up rudely now and propose to lake into
full governing partnership with yourselves mil-
lions of a most degraded and ignorant race,
fcfow was it that we got along thus far? ITow
was the war carried on? Was there any voice
of this sort to be heard at that time? Your
orators then were haranguing their countrymen
to rally to the standard to defend the Constitu-
tion. You all know now that if this pha.^e of
the negro question had then been presented,
your standard would have been deserted ; not
a man would have come to it. I make no ap-
peals to the soldiers. Some of them are very
good men: they are much like other men. But
I ask you if this is to be the result of the war.
Is there not some reason for saying that this
Republican party designed and intended all this
from the start; that they intended to go on and
011 and emancipate the negro and then enfran-
chise him and make him the equal of white
men, and in that way perpetuate their powei ?
Although I do not. say it, yet pardon 1110 for
believing it. Was it for this that this crushing
public debt has been accumulated; a debt that
39th Cong. 1st Se->
-No. 29.
