Ife65.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. Of Reps.
workshop connected with the building, such of
the inmates as have been convicted of petit mis-
demeanors are huddled together, withoutneedful
employment, a prey to the vices born of idleness.
The tedious hours are beguiled by frivolous pas-
times, or frittered away in reckless or profane
conversation, so that it is to be feared that many,
on being discharged, are prepared for a bolder
career of crime.
During the past summer the cells have been
increased in strength, and such an addition made
to their number as the available _ space Would
permit. The sewerage and ventilation have been
improved, and light introduced. Nevertheless
the building remains a reproach to the Govern-
ment, and a nuisance. Humanity and policy
alike require that a suitable jail should be erect-
ed, and I cannot too earnestly invoke the early
and favorable action of Congress on the subject.
The propriety of increasing the salary of the
warden is also respectfully submitted for con-
sideration.
Congress, by the act approved March 3,
1865, made provision for the confinement of
juveniles under the age of sixteen years there-
after convicted, by any court of the United
States, of a crime whose penalty is imprison-
ment. Authority was given to the Secretary
of the Interior to contract with the managers
of houses of refuge for the imprisonment,
subsistence, and proper employment of such
convicted offenders. Soon after the passage
of this act the Department entered into corre-
spondence with the marshals of the United
States, and other parties^ on the subject.-. A
contract was made with one such institution,
and it could admit but an inconsiderable num-
ber of convicts, and declined to receive into
custody any colored persons.
It was ascertained that an offender could not
be received by some of these institutions if the
term to which he had been sentenced expired
during his minority, and that the regulations
provide that he may be discharged at any time
upon the order of the directors. The convict
is sentenced by the Federal court for a specific
term, and the act requires that he "shall be
confined during the term of sentence." This
is incompatible with the exercise of the dis-
cretionary authority conferred on nearly all of
these institutions, by State legislation, to dis-
charge him at an earlier period and to bind
him by indentures of apprenticeship, or Jo pro-
long his detention until he gives satisfactory
evidence of reformation. And doubts were
entertained by the officers in charge of others,
whether they were not prohibited by the terms
of their organic laws from receiving offenders
other than those convicted by the tribunals of
the State in wJSch they were located. From
the best consideration I have been able to be-
stow on the subject, I am of opinion that State
as well as federal legislation is necessary to
give full practical effect to the humane inten-
tions evinced by Congress in the enactment of
the law.
The motives which induced the action of
Congress, appeal with equal force in favor of
the erection of a house of refuge in this Dis-
trict. The confinement of the youthful convict
in the penitentiary, where he is in communion
with inveterate transgressors, has a most cor-
rupting effect upon his modes of thought and
principles of action, and, after suffering the
penalty which the law imposes upon convicted
guilt, he rarely returns to the path of virtue.
Beneficent results attest the wisdom and hu-
manity of providing an asylum for such con-
victs. In many instances they have been led
astray by evil parental influences, or left in
destitute orphanage, assailed on every side by
temptation, and without a friend to encourage
them by precept and virtuous example. A
large discretion should be given to tiie mana-
gers of such an institution. They should be
authorized to detain the offender until lie at-
tains his majority; or, should they deem it ex-
pedient, provide him, at an earlier period, with
a home far removed from his old associations
SQttt f!nx( . 1st Sbss.— >0.
During his confinement he should be taught a
useful trade, habits of industry, the rudiments of
an education, and the lessons of morality and
religion. Under the benignant influences which
would thus surround them, many would doubt-
less be rescued from the ways of guilt and sor-
row, and rendered, in after life, useful members
of that society of which they once threatened
to become the scourge and opprobrium.
Influenced by these considerations, I have
encouraged an incorporated society of benevo-
lent gentlemen to take the preliminary steps
for the establishment of such an institution on
the aqueduct farm, in this District. It is hoped
that Congress may afford them the necessary
assistance to secure this result.
The War Department has not yet surrendered
the building in this city formerly used as a pen-
itentiary. It is ill adapted to the purposes for
which it was employed. This Department has
heretofore invited the attention of Congress to
the propriety of erecting a new building. The
subject is again presented for such action as
may be deemed expedient.
GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL FOB THE INSANE.
I invite the attention of Congress to the tenth
annual report of the Board of Visitors, and the
thirteenth annual report of the superintendent
of construction, of the G overnment hospital for
the insane.
These papers exhibit the condition of the in-
stitution during the past fiscal year, and present,
in addition to statistical information, many val-
uable and highly instructive suggestions. The
number of patients under treatment at the com-
mencement of the year was 351, including 191
from the Army, 18 from the Navy, 2 from the
Soldiers' Home, and 4 rebel prisoners. The
number admitted during the year was 515, of
whom 426 were from the Army, 10 from the
Navy, 72 from civil life, 3 from the quarter-
master's and subsistence departments, and 4
were rebel prisoners. The whole number un-
der treatment during the year was 86G, of whom
645 belonged to the military or naval service ;
147 died; there were discharged as recovered,
348; as improved, 101; and as unimproved, 9.
Congress failed at its last session to make
the required appropriation for the support of
the hospital, and with your approbation I ne-
gotiated, for that purpose, a temporary loan.
Attention is invited to the subject, as the money
was obtained on most favorable terms from the
First National Bank, to whose officers assur-
ances were given that Congress would provide
for its repayment at an early period of the ap-
proaching session.
The hospital was established for the treat-
ment of the insane of this District, as well as
of the Army, the Navy, and the revenue cutter
service. It has, lioui its origin, been con-
ducted in such manner as to merit and receive
the uninterrupted confidence and patronage of
Congress. Its success and usefulness are due
in a great degree to the superintendent, who
has been identified with its_ history, and who
brings to its service professional attainments
of the highest order, long experience, and un-
surpassed fidelity in the discharge of his ardu-
ous and delicate duties. He has received the
active cooperation-of the Board of \ isitors and
of his subordinate officers. His salary was ori-
ginally fixed at its present rate. The propri-
ety of increasing it is presented for the consid-
eration of Congress.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTE FOB THE DEAF AN'H DUMB.
The Columbia Institution for the Instruction
of the Deaf and Dumb has furnished instruc-
tion to 8-5 deaf mutes since the 1st day of
July, 1864. Pursuant to the provisions of an
act of Congress approved February 23, 1865,
the blind pupils, 7 in number, were transferred
to the Maryland Institution for the Blind. _ The
books, maps, and papers, especially designed
for the instruction of such pupils,' were deliv-
ered to that institution, for the use of the bene-
ficiaries of the United States,
Indigent deaf and dumb persons of " teach-
able age" properly belonging to this District,
and the deaf and dumb children of all persons
in the naval or military service of the United
States, while such persons are actually in such
service, are received into the institution upon
the order of the Secretary of the Interior.
The annual charge of $150 for each -pupil so
received has been paid, as provided by law.
In addition to this outlay, appropriations have
been made for salaries and contingent ex-
penses, the purchase ofgrounds, the erection of
buildings, the introduction of Potomac water,
and other improvements. The directors, in
their report, propose to relinquish the per-
capita charge for the Government pupils, and
include the estimated amount thereof in the
item for salaries and contingent expenses, which
they desire may be increased to $20,700.
This sum, with the other items embraced in
their estimate, will require for the next fis-
cal year an appropriation of $71,940. During
the current fiscal year the institution has re-
ceived no aid from Congress, other than the
sums paid for the maintenance of the pupils ad-
mitted by order of this Department, and the
board ask that a clause appropriating $55,445 87
be inserted in the deficiency bill.
Congress, by the act of April 8, 1864, au-
thorized the Columbia Institution to confer de-
grees in the liberal arts and sciences on pupils of
the institution, or others, who, by proficiency in
learning, or other meritorious distinction, may
be thereunto entitled. Pursuant to the pre-
sumed authority conl'eriedby this act, the board
has organized an a'dvanced department, in ad-
dition to the primary school, where the element-
ary branches and the mechanic arts have been
successfully taught. They designate it as " The
National Deaf Mute College.'' A preparatory
or intermediate class has also been formed, with
a range of studies more thorough and efficient
than in any other similar school in this coun-
try. It is designed to furnish their own pupils,
and the graduates of the State institutions, with
s n opportunity of attaining the standard of pro-
ficiency requisite to an admission into the fresh-
man class of the college.
Five students have entered upon their col-
legiate course. Eight are in the preparatory
class, four of whom are residents of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Attention is invited to^ the
views of the directors on the subject. They
propose to make the course of study in the col-
lege the full equivalent of that adopted in other
colleges, and, as the number of their classes in-
creases, to add to the number of professors,
taking care that the corps of instructors shall
come fully up to the average of college facul-
ties in number, ability, and fitness.
The institution is authorized, by the fifth
section of the organic act, to receive and in-
struct deaf and dumb persons from the States
and Territories of the United States, upon such
terms as may be agreed upon by themselves,
their parents, guardians, or trustees, and the
proper authorities of the institution. It is pro-
posed to receive and instruct those who desire
to enter the advanced classes and_ prosecute
the preliminary studies which will fit them for
a collegiate course, but who have been unable
to make adequate preparation in consequence
of the limited educational advantages in State
institutions. It is suggested that cases have
arisen, and will, doubtless, continue to present
themselves, of worthy deaf mutes unable to
pay the usual charges; and the directors con-
ceive that they are authorized to remit, m
whole or in part, such charges as circumstances
seem to require. It was obviously not the in-
tention of Congress to provide, at the national
expense, for the instruction of this description
of persons residing in the different. States. I he
benefits of the institution, gratuitously con-
ferred, are confined to ^ the two classes first
mentioned; and no portion of the fund appro-
priated by Congress for the salaries and inci-
dental expenses should bo dn erted from its
! legitimate purposes and applied to the support
