8434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
■which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia. In the mean time, how-
ever, this bill had been reported back to the
Senate with restricted suffrage, requiring the
qualification to read and write. Upon the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, it was re-
committed, and that qualification stricken out,
and reported back to the Senate in the condi-
tion we now find it. That is the history of it.
Afterward wo acted upon the bill which came
from the House, and the committee instructed
me to report it, which I have done, and it now
lies upon the table. That is the history of the
two bills. Wo have, therefore, before us this
bill, which was the first, is the first on the Cal-
endar, first considered, first reported back by
the committee; and then we have the House
bill, which contemplates unrestricted suffrage.
In further justification, if any were neces-
sary, why I should take up the bill first in
order, first reported, and first on the Calendar,
I have an additional reason to assign. It will
be remembered that some five or six months
have passed since those bills were reported.
It is naedless to say, to a perfect understand-
ing of the whole thing, that the bill which
comes from the House is not an election bill,
and confers no right of voting whatever on any
man, woman, or child, in this District beyond
what they now have. It is a mere declaration
of a right to vote. The committee so regarded
it at the time and I believe we gave our con-
sent to it at the time, chiefly upon the ground
—some of us, at least—that perhaps at that
early period a declaration of that sort might do
good. But months have passed away, and
very great changes have been wrought since
that time, I do not say in the sentiment or
opinions of the country, but in the action of
this Senate. We have had before us the whole
question of reconstruction, and this question
among others involved in it, during this pe-
riod ; and, as having some influence on my
mind, within the last four weeks, a delegation
of very intelligent gentlemen, I may say with
the utmost propriety—I speak without distinc-
tion of color—called upon me, from different
parts of the country, to urge me to take up this
precise bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The first bill ?
Mr. MORM LL. The one wo have now un 
der consideration, saying that it was, they be-
lieved, the bill which the colored people in
this District most desired to pass; that they
were in favor of limited, qualified suffrage.
Mr. BROWN. Those not limited were in
favor of limiting the others.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; these men had
no rights that were not common.
Mr. BROWN. The fellow that could read
and write was willing to limit the man who
could not read and write.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know what their
motives were, but they were intelligent enough
to vote and comprehend the question. I only
mention that—I do not know that it ought to
have any influence—as one of the facts which
led me to feel that it was my duty to present
this bill to the consideration of the Senate and
to propose these amendments. I intended be-
fore asking the vote of the Senate on the ques-
tion to say what I have now said; that there
are two measures before the Senate: one pro-
vides for qualified suffrage and is an election
bill; and the other is a declaration of the prin-
ciple of universal suffrage, but confers no right.
Of course, if the Senate prefer the second,
then we can lay this aside and proceed to the
consideration of the bill which came from the
House; but having been persuaded myself that
we had better proceed to the consideration of
this bill, for the reasons I have stated, I felt
not only authorized, but quite obliged, to bring
the bill in its present shape before the Senate.
_ Mr. STEWART. I move to postpone this
bill and all other prior orders and take up
Senate bill No. 257, which we nearly com-
pleted the other day, and which can be dis-
posed of before the hour for going into execu-
tive session. We cannot arrive at any result
to-day on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. What is that bill ?
Mr. STEWART. It is the bill to regulate
the possession of the mineral lands, which we
nearly perfected the other day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. STEWART. I will withdraw the mo-
tion if the Senator desires to go on with this
bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us go on and pass this
bill.
Mr. WILSON. We can pass it to-day, I
think.
Mr. STEWART. In my opinion, it had
better go over.
Mr. POMEEOY. I hope this bill will not
be laid aside. I object on general principles;
after we have discussed a bill for awhile and
got ready to pass it, to lay it aside, not because
I want to antagonize this bill with any other ;
but as we have it under way, I think we had
better proceed with it.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I withdraw
my motion.
ThePRESIEENT| -o tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Foster, Harris, Kirkwood, Morrill, Poland,
Pomeroy, Sherman, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, and
Willirmis—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Conness, Davis,
Grimes, Guthrie,Hendricks, Howard, Howe,Morgan,
Norton, Nye, Ramsey, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Von Winkle, Wilson, and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Cowan. Crcs-
well, Dixon, Doolittie, Henderson, Johnson. Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nesmith, Kid-
die, Sauisbury, and Wright—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment reported by the committee by striking out
all after the word "that," at the beginning of
the first section, and insert the following:
In all elections to be held hereafter in the District
of Columbia, the following described persons, and
those only, shall have the right to vote, namely:
first, all thoso persons who were actually residents
of said District and qualified to vote therein at the
elections held therein in the year 1865, under the
statutes then in force; second, all persons residents
of said District who liave been duly mustered into
thomilitary or naval service of the United States
during the late rebellion, and have been or shall
hereafter bo honorably discharged therefrom: third,
malo citizens of the United States who shail have
attained the ago of twenty-one years, (excepting
paupers, persons noil compotes mentis or convicted of
an infamous olfense,) and who, being residents of
the ward or district in which they shall offer to vote,
shall have resided in said District for the period of
ono year next preceding any election, and who shall
have paid the taxes assessed against them, and who
can read, and who can write their names.
On this proposition I deem it my duty to
address the Senate somewhat at length; and
in asking this indulgence at the hands of the
Senate, 1 desire to state that I am ready to pro-
ceed now or at any time that will suit the con-
venience of the Senate. I understand there is
a desire to go into executive session pretty
soon ; I do not wish to interfere with that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it will not interrupt
the remarks of the honorable Senator from
West Virginia, I will now submit the motion
that the Senate now proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. WILLEY. I am entirely willing to sub-
mit to the wishes and convenience of the Sen-
ate, either to proceed now or to give way to the
motion of .the Senator from Wisconsin, as the
Senate may desire. To me it is a matter of
perfect indifference.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is entirely accept-
able to and is considered as courteous on my
part by the honorable Senator from West Vir-
ginia, I will move an executive session.
Several Senators. Not now.
The PRESIDING _ OFFICER. Does the
Senator from West Virginia yield the floor to
the Senator from Wisconsin?
Mr. WILLEY. Certainly, sir.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, the discus-
sions which the bill now under consideration
has excited, both in Congress and in the coun-
try, have embraced a wider range of thought
and argument than was strictly in order. More
has been said and written upon the propriety
or impropriety of bestowing the elective fran-
chise upon the negro in the States lately in
rebellion than upon the proposition directly
involved in the bill Itselft In the latter case
there can be no doubt about the power of Con-
gress. Our authority to pass the bill will not,
I suppose, be controverted. In the former case
there can be as little doubt, in my judgment,
that Congress has not the power by legislative
enactment to confer the right of suffrage on
any class of people, black or white, within the
jurisdiction of any of the States. 1 know that
it is said that the Constitution provides that
"the United States shall guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment," and that no form of government
can be republican which withholds the right
of.suffrage from a class of persons simply on
account of their color. But this very clause
of the Constitution, it will be observed, does
not clothe Congress positively with the power
or the duty of regulating the qualifications of
electors in the States. The most liberal con-
struction which can be placed upon it, favor-
ing the idea advanced, is, that Congress may
withhold its recognition of a State, or refuse
the admission of a State, until it shall be satis-
fied that the government of the State is repub-
lican in form. But it seems to me it is now
too late to raise the question.
The advocates of this construction of the
Constitution have been very remiss, to say the
least of it, if the power which they claim has
really been conferred on Congress. They have
allowed the infraction of what they regard as
a fundamental principle of republican govern-
ment by almost every State in the Union to
remain unchallenged and unredressed until the
present time." Sir, nearly every State in the
Union, at some period of its history, has ex-
cluded persons from the elective franchise in
consequence of race and color ; and that exclu-
sion remains in full force now in a large major-
ity of the States. And, sir, the question may
well be raised whether an interpretation of this
clause of the Constitution which would clothe
Congress with authority to regulate the right
of suffrage in the States would not itself be a
destruction of republican government. Suf-
frage is the fundamental principle of republi-
can government. Therefore, if j'ou deny the
right of a State to regulate this franchise for
itself, how can it be truly republican in fact?
But without further remark in this behalf, I
respectfully submit that it is only necessary,
in order to refute this latitudinarian idea of
congressional power, to quote another plain
provision of the Constitution itself. It is as
follows:
"The House of Representatives shall bo composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States; and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
It seems to me that this clause excludes all
rational controversy respecting the power of
Congress to regulate the qualifications of elect-
ors by statutory enactment. And, in myjudg-
ment, the wisdom of thus leaving with the States
the right of regulating suffrage is as manifest
as the authority conferred upon them to do it
is plain and undeniable. It avoids all conflict
between the nation-and the respective States
as to the qualifications of the electors of State
officers and Federal officers, and thus secures
more harmonious relations between the States
and the national Government. Besides, the
States must necessarily be the better judges of
the limits to which suffrage may be judiciously
extended therein, having due regard to the
public welfare and safety; for it is quite obvi-
ous that it might well be bestowed upon a class
of voters in ono State, when it might be impru-
