2474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
had a right to lay an export duty, which, the
Constitution at present, forbids, we could, with
an export duty of ten cents per pound, raise
$200,000,000 annually, while at the same time
protecting our own manufacturers and selling
abroad just as much cotton as we do now.
Under the circumstances we must do the best
we can. The only thing wo can do is to lay
an internal duty, and then allow a drawback
upon that portion of the manufactured article
which is exported. That is the only mode by
which we can now do what we ought to do.
Mr. IJPSON. I wish to inquire whether the
object of the drawback is to enable us to sell
more cheaply to foreign countries than to our
own people.
Mr. STEVENS. The object of the draw-
back is to enable us to go into the markets of
the world with our manufactures, where we
cannot now go—to enable us to go where Eng-
land is able to go by her free-trade system at
home—to enable us to go to South America,
to France, to the continent of Europe. If we
would manage our concerns wisely, if we
would lay a tax, for instance, of ten cents upon
all of the article that is exported and nothing
at home, there is not a market in the world to
which the fabrics of this country would not
find their way. We must approach the object
as nearly as we can ; and as we have to raise
a considerable amount by internal taxation,
let a portion of it be borne by those who raise
the article of cotton and who created the neces-
sity for this taxation.
Mr. UPSON. I thought the object was to
benefit the home market.
Mr. STEVENS. Internal duty is not pro-
tection ; it is just the reverse of protection.
Mr. UPSON. I speak of the drawback.
Mr. STEVENS. The object of the draw-
back is to enable the people of this country to
send their manufactures advantageously into
the markets of the world, without being over-
borne by the competition of the cheap man-
ufacturing countries of Europe. How can we
accomplish this except by a drawback as pro-
posed by the bill? We now allow a drawback
on whisky. We put no tax upon whisky ex-
ported. Why is this ? It is that we may go
into other countries and sell that article with-
out being affected by the burdens of taxation
which we are compelled to bear here. But it
enables us to pay taxes in proportion, if we
can sell a portion of our surplus production
abroad at some kind of profit. And therefore,
instead of sending the raw material abroad,
let us now manufacture it here, and when we
have manufactured it here, and our manufac-
tories have been fully employed, let us send the
product abroad to other countries where it is
needed. But in order to do that you must
take off a portion of the duty which is neces-
sary here. Therefore I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Upsox,] although I am deterred from
saying anything about the eight cents tax, as I
intended.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by making it two
cents instead of three.
I regret to differ from my colleagues on the
committee upon this or any other item in this
bill, and I believe it is the only important item
in regard to which I differ from them. But
my conviction is very strong against this tax.
The main object of this bill is to relieve the
country from some portions of the burdens of
taxation, and cotton is the only article on which
the tax is increased—the present tax being two
cents, equal to about nine dollars per bale—
and this bill proposes to increase it to five
cents, or about twenty-two and a half dollars
per bale. During the war Congress refused to
impose more than two cents upon cotton. It
seems to me unjust and impolitic, now that the
war is over and every one desires to see the
industry of the South revive and flourish, to
oppress the production of cotton with this bur-
densome tax.
It is not true that this tax will be paid by
the consumers of the cotton. In the present
condition of the supply of cotton the tax must
come out of the producer. The price of cot-
ton both here and abroad will depend on the
extent of the supply, and whether you tax it
two cents or twenty cents the price will not be
affected by the tax until it operates to restrict
the production of cotton in this country.
It is a mistake to suppose that because we
produce more cotton than any other country,
or perhaps than all other countries, therefore
we have the monopoly of the article. What-
ever tax we impose on cotton is paid by the
producer until it restricts the production; and
then it will operate as a bounty to encourage
its production in other countries.
We shall not force the foreign consumer or
even the consumer at home to pay this tax. It
must come out of the producer of cotton until
the extent of the crop is so great that this tax'
will operate as a restriction upon its production.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, this sub-
ject is not a new one. It is very clear that if
the proposition which was made at the last
session of Congress to tax cotton five cents a
pound had been carried, we should have got
many millions of money without impoverishing
the country a dollar. Every dollar of it would
have been paid by the foreigner. And so long
as cotton remains at the present price, or until
it comes down to a much lower rate, the posi-
tion taken by the revenue commission without
a single exception, I believe, was that it would
continue to be the same; that the price levied
by the tax would mainly come out of the cotton
sent abroad. And not one of the manufacturers
were opposed to it at the time. It was accepted
provided a little pittance of drawback was given
upon manufactured cotton.
Now, if we are to have any revenue at all
of this sort let us put it at some figure that will
make it of some importance, and not whittle it
down to a point so fine that it will cost more
to collect it than the revenue is worth.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment to the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
to the amendment, it was not agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move pro forma to amend by
making it six cents.
The House ought to recollect in acting upon
this subject of cotton, that the other day we
passed a bill making an appropriation for the
next year of very nearly twelve million dollars,
in great part for the purpose of protecting,
encouraging, and assisting this raising of cot-
ton ; that is to say, for the Preedmen's Bureau.
The ncccssity for that bureau lies in the fact
that the population in the South, both white
and black, need assistance for the next year,
and that they were largely engaged in raising
cotton and in raising the corn necessary for their
own subsistence. So that it is one of the neces-
sities of our position that so long as we make
this large expenditure, such as we make in no
other section of the country, the region in which
we make this liberal expenditure should make
a liberal contribution in return.
Another consideration is, that it is necessary
to keep up a standing army in that section of
the country where cotton is raised. It will be
necessary to employ a large portion of our
Army in that section for the coming year, if
not for years to come; and so long as these
extraordinary expenditures are necessary in
that part of the country, so long we should
draw a revenue from that section somewhat to
correspond with those expenditures.
Now, the revenue commission, viewing this
simply as a revenue matter connected with
safety to the production of cotton, and to its
maintenance in the markets of the world as
an article of export, have proposed a duty of
five cents a pound. I am satisfied with that.
Mr. KASSON. I believe that from the first
there has been no member of the Committee
of Ways and Means more interested than my-
self in the question of taxing raw material in
the hands of the producer. Upon this ques-
tion of cotton it has been treated by them—
and I am willing to accept that proposition-
as an exceptional article that justifies the vio-
lation of the rules which we have applied to
subjects of taxation generally in this countiy.
In the last Congress I endeavored to apply
a similar rule to the production of tobacco,
taking it off from the manufactured article and
substituting it in a much less amount upon the
raw material. The difficulty that we then
encountered was the collection of the tax in
that form without imposing a burden upon the
producer. The same difficulty exists in respect
to cotton, and in addition to that there seems
to be a difficulty in the minds of many gentle-
men in regard to the amount of this tax.
Now, onfe thing I apprehend is conceded on
all hands, and that is that in respect to certain
varieties of cotton, and only in respect to cer-
tain varieties, we are without competition in
the production of the world. In the long sta-
ple, the most, valuable kind, we have at present
no Successful competition. But there is in
various parts of the world a production of a
very large amount of cotton of an inferior qual-
ity, the short staple, which, if we tax the raw-
material too high in this country, will encroach,
I think, upon the monopoly that this country
has hitherto enjoyed. _
The practical question, therefore, in my judg-
ment, is, whether we put the tax so high as on
the one hand to develop the production in for-
eign countries of a superior article, and on the
other to compel the increase of the amount of
the inferior article in place of that we have
hitherto sent into foreign markets from this
country.
It is upon that point that the principle I
maintain applies. I do not believe that we
have a permanent monopoly of the markets
of the world in the production of cotton
to the extent claimed by some. And I am
as apprehensive in regard to this as I was on
the subject of tobacco, that we may so affect
the production of the raw material as actually
to develop successful competition and take
from ourselves the monopoly in the world that
we now have.
I should have preferred that the committee
had settled upon three cents, with a corre-
sponding drawback on the manufactured arti-
cle. I think both branches of the subject, the
tax and the drawback, should be considered
together.
I hope in' this as in all similar subjects con-
nected with the material interests of the
country, no gentleman will attempt to put it
on the ground of vindictive punishment upon
the people of the South. It is the most dan-
gerous element that we can introduce into our
deliberations upon this as well as all other
subjects. I say this for fear that some at least
of my associates upon this floor may think
that cotton will bear any amount of taxation
we choose to put upon it, and that the burden
will fall on the South. We in the North, who
consume most largely, pay the burden in the
first instance, and then the foreign consumers
pay the residue of the burden in the second
instance, after the drawback is allowed on the
manufactured article.
I hope, therefore, that the tax will not be
increased above five cents, nor decreased
below three cents, and for myself, I should
prefer to start the experiment on the grade of
three cents.
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "three'' and in-
serting in lieu thereof "two and a half." I
do it for the purpose of saying that I can-
not concur with the Committee of Ways and
Means in the policy of putting the duty at five
cents per pound, and chiefly upon general
reasons. So far as I can be supposed to have
an interest in the manufacturing industry of
the country, I do not know that the manufac-
turers are particularly concerned in the amount
of the tax on the raw material, provided that
the drawback on goods exported corresponds
with the tax laid on the raw material. But I
