1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151$
circumstances, direct to be sent for examination and
appraisement less than oae package of every invoice,
and one package at least out of every ten packages
of goods, wares, and merchandise, and a greater
number should he, or the appraiser, or any assistant
appiaiser deem it necessary : Provided, nevertheless,
That when from tho character and description of the
goods, wares, and merchandise, or from any other
cause, tho Secretary of the Treasury may be of the ;
opinion that the examination of a less proportion of
packages "will amply protect the revenue, he may, by
special or general regulation, direct a less number of
packages to be examined.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in this amend-
ment?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Iliad hoped that, we should
receive some explanation of the necessity for
this bill. I find that it provides for eleven ap-
praisers, with a cost to the Government of
$50,000 per annum; and I find, also, that in
the amendments the committee propose their
duties arc to be restricted; that you are to in-
crease the number of inspectors and to lessen
the work that they are to do. I have been told
by the members of the revenue commission
that there is an annual loss to the Government
of twenty-five millions of revenue from some
cause or other, from under-valuation, or from
packages introduced of a different character
from what tho invoice declared them to be.
Here is a bill that provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury may release from examination
certain packages for the causes enumerated:
That when Irom tho character and description of
the goods wares, and merchandise, or irom any other
ennse, the Secretary ol the Treasury may be of the
opinion that the examination of a loss proportion of
packages will amply protect the revenue, lie raay, by
fpecial or general regulation, direct a less number
of packages to be examined.
Sir, I do not believe in this constant release
or relief that is granted upon this and similar
bills to Government agents from doing all the
duty they should do in the examination of goods
imported into this country. I should like to
know the necessity for an annual appropriation
of $50,000 for this purpose. What is the ne-
cessity for it this year over other years? If
we keep on this way the cost of collecting the
revenues from customs will soon be as great
as the amount you receive from them. 1 had
hoped that there would be some explanation of
this bill, and I really hope that this jiroviso
will not pass. It opens out, sueli an opportunity
for fraud and for cheating of all kinds that there
will be no end to it. and the loss will not be
easily calculated. That is my impression and
belief.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have nodoubttheSen-
ator has been correctly informed as to the frauds
that hare heretofore been perpetrated upon the
revenue. The sole object of this bill is to cor-
rect those frauds, 'file Senator takes excep-
tion to this proviso permitting the Secretary
at his discretion to order a less number of pack-
ages than one in ten to be examined Every
bar of railroad iron is a package. If a ship-
load of railroad iron is received in New York
would the.Senator prohibit the Secretary of the
Treasury from allowing the appraisers to in-
spect less than one in ten of those bars? Sup-
pose it is a cargo of resin, or a cargo of or-
anges, or a cargo ofTemous; they are all one
thing, and they are all in the same boxes. It
is that class of goods that are well known, where
there is no chance of fraud, that arc, at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, to be
exempted from this close inspection. This
clause of the bill was drawn with some care at
the Treasury Department. I believe that the
bill itself is as near a perfect bill as the highest
mercantile experience ean make it. It is in-
tended to stop these frauds, to have an honest
appraisement, and to have competent men to
execute the laws. Certainly I see no objec-
tion that can be taken to this particular clause.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The statement of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce is all very well as far as it goes. 1 he
Secretary of the Treasury may exempt, from
examination the articles that the Senator sug-
gests for tho causes that he suggests, and also
for "any other cause.'' What does for ''any
other cause" mean? There may be some
"other cause" that will be pertinent to the
appraisers, and under the regulation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury tliey may seek pertinent
causes to introduce these goods without exam-
ination.
Mr. CHANDLER. Where the Secretary of
the Treasury is satisfied that it is not requisite.
Of course you will leave that discretion in his
hands. You must do so, in any case.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Secretary of the
Treasury cannot examine these goods. He
must leave it to the appraisers.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know, but they have
to satisfy him that an examination is not neces-
sary before he will issue an order of that kind.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Unless the laws have been
repealed, there is authority for the Secretary of
the Treasury to direct so many packages of an ar-
ticle imported to bo sent to the appraiser's store,
ten, fifteen, twenty, or twenty-four. They are all
exposed to the same inspection, and they are
taken indiscriminately by numbers. They go to
the appraisers store, and there they are opened
and examined by the appraiser. The whole ship-
ment is appraised in that way by the selected
samples. In the regulations that I introduced
when I was Secretary of the Treasury there were
directions about the whole matter. If there
are any circumstances to induce suspicion the
collector has authority to examine the whole lot,
or to direct other samples to be drawn. There
is sometimes cheating practiced in the samples.
I recollect the case of a large importation of
Spanish cigars, and by some collusion between
the entry clerk and the importer tho samples
wcro all drawn of an inferior quality of cigars,
which were put up in Havana for that purpose.
By some means or other communication was
made to the Treasury Department that that
mode of evading the duty upon the best cigars
had been adopted at San Francisco. Imme-
diately steps were taken to prevent, the attempted
fraud. The samples as drawn were all correct,
but from the information that went from the
Treasury Department here the cusiom-liousc
officers there were enabled to seize and con-
demn the whole lot.
It lias never been tho practice in our custom-
houses to examine every package. Enough of
them are examined to show that they are all of
the same quality of goods. The mode of cheat-
ing in that way is to put inferior goods on the
top and superior goods at the bottom. The pack-
ages are examined by the examiners who test
tin; quality of the goods and ascertain whether
they are all alike in the different packages.
There must be a sufficient number of packages
sent to the appraiser's store to give a fair sam-
ple of the whole importations. Then if the ex-
aminers do their duty, and the appraisers theirs,
there is very little chance of imposition in that
respect, it would be an endless story to detail
all the modes that arc resorted to to import
goods cheap. My conviction, from the little
experience that 1 had in the Treasury Depart-
ment, was that the American importing mer-
chants were generally and almost without ex-
ception honest, and the frauds that were com-
mitted were mostly committed by men who
owed no allegiance to this Government and
who came here to make money and then return
to their own country. They were sometimes
dealt with pretty harshly, because we encour-
aged the sei.'.urc of their goods whenever there
was an appearance of fraud. I think this dis-
cretion about the number of packages to be
examined is with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and ought to be with him, with the right to
the collector of the port, if he sees anything
suspicious, to order either the whole to be seized
or additional packages to be drawn for exami-
nation.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was in sec-
tion six, line three, to strike out "five" and
insert " six ; " so that it will read:
That the appiaiscr who maybe appointed linger
the provisions -■{ this act shall receive a compensation
of Sb.UOO i cr annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be concurred in. 1 am satisfied that
$6,000 is altogether too large a sum to pay to
this appraiser. It is giving the principal ap-
praiser at the port of New York, who has no
pecuniary responsibility whatever, $1,000 a
year more than we give the Treasurer of the
United States. The bill that was brought in
two yearsago, I think it was, put the salary of
the principal appraiser at $4,000, and of the
other appraisers at $3,000. I think that ialarge
enough. At any rate, the sum indicated in this
amendment is altogether too large, and I do not
see the necessity for it. Many very good offi-
cers in New York get only $3,000 a year.
Twenty-five hundred dollars is all the assistant
collectors get. Three thousand dollars is all
that the inspector gets who Is stationed there
all the time and is all the time at work. While
I am willing to give the principal appraiser
$4,000 per annum, I think the others ought not
to have more than $8,000, which was tho sum.
fixed in the bill originally. The difference be-
tween $3,000 and $5,000 is altogether too great.
There is no reason why the principle appraiser
should receive $2,000 more than an assistant
appraiser. Ho has a little more dignity of
ofhee and responsibility perhaps, but it costs
him no more to live.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I understand the Sen-
ator, he proposes to give the principal appraiser
$5,000, and let the others stand at $4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; to give the prin-
cipal appraiser $4,000, and the others $3,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am afraid you cannot'
get good men for that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think $4,000 is
enough to give tho principal appraiser. He
has no pecuniary responsibility, not the slight-
est in the world. Those men whose salaries
we have been obliged to increase were men
who had had great pecuniary responsibilities.
You can get plenty of men competent for this
work, in my judgment, for the sums I have
indicated. All that the assistant appraisers
there have been receiving is $2,500, and most
of them (all but one or two) are very competent
men. Twenty-five hundred dollars is all that
the deputy collectors get, and wo have refused
to increase them. Six thousand dollars is alto-
gether too large a salary to give the principal
appraiser. I hope we shall not concur in that,
at any rate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should be willing to
pay the chief appraiser $10,000 if I could get
a man worth $10,000. The great trouble here-
tofore has been that we have not had compe-
tent and efficient men. We want ^ man as
chief appraiser in New York who has all the
ability of the ablest merchant in the city of
New York, a mail with as much practical ex-
perience and business qualifications as A. T.
Stewart, or as fifty other men whom I could
name, who are making fifty or one hundred
thousand dollars a year in their business. Per-
haps we could not get them ; but we can get first-
class men if we pay first-class prices; but we
cannot do it otherwise. If you want second-class
men, you may get plenty of them for $3,000 a
year. There is not a large business house in
New York that does not pay $3,000 a year for
its first-class book-keeper. A first-class book-
keeper demands $3,000 a year. We want a
better class of men if we can get them. Then
it will depend on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury whether we get them or not. The Secre-
tary thinks he cannot get them for this price.
If he cannot, and it requires $4,000, I say it is
penny w ise and pound foolish to employ sec-
ond-class men when you require first-class men.
I have no doubt that the Senator from Rhode
Island is perfectly right, and that we have lost
$25,000,000 a year for tho last five years from
the incompetency or inefficiency of these offi-
cers. If, by the expenditure of forty or fifty
thousand dollars, we can save millions, is it not
economy to save it? I think it is. If you place
the salary of the assistant appraisers at $3,000
per annum, I do not think you will get the
grade of men that you require. Still, it is for
the Senate to decide.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Nobody supposes that
you are going to got experts for this business.
