1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3435
dent and dangerous to give it to the same class
in another State. For instance, the great State
of New York may receive little detriment from
the predominating proportion of vicious and
dissolute population in the district of the "Five
Points," but if the proportion which that pop-
ulation bears to that district existed all over the
State it might well suggest ranch more stringent
restrictions upon the qualifications of voters
than the constitution of that Slate now con-
tains. Of the necessity of such limitations the
States respectively must be better able to judge
than the nation at large. How could we know
what the welfare and safety of California or
Oregon might require in this respect? But on
this question, in regard both to power and to
expediency, hear the contemporaneous expo-
sitions of the framers of the Constitution.
Mr. Madison, in No. 52 of the Federalist,
says:
"The first view to bo taken of this part of the Gov-
ernment relates to the qualifications of the doctors
and the clcctcd.
"Thoso of i ho former arc to be the same with those
of the electors of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislatui es. The definition of tho risht of suf-
frage is veiy justly regarded as a fundamental arti-
cle of republican government. It was incumbent on
tho Convention, thercfoic, to establish and define
this right. in the Constitution. Xo havo loft it open
for tho occasional regulation of tho Congress would
havo been improper, for .tho reason just mentioned.
Xo have bubimtted it to tho legislative discretion of
tho States would havo been improper for the same
reason, and l'ov the additional reason that it would
havo rendered too dependent on State governments
that branch of tho Inderal government which oucht
to be dependent on tho people alono. To havo re-
duced tho different qualifications in tho different
States to one uniform rule would probably havo been
as dissatisfactory to somo of the States as it would
havo been difficult, to the Convention. The provis-
ion made by tho Convention appears, thcicforc, to
bo the best that, lay within their option. It must bo
satisfactory to every State, beeauso it is conformable
to the standard already established or wluch may
bo established by tho Stato itself, it will be safo to
tho United States, beeauso, being fixed by the St a to
constitutions, it is not alterable by the State govern-
ments, and it cannot bo feared that the peoplcof tho
States will alter this part of thoir constitutions m
such a manner as to abiidgo the lights secured to
them by the Inderal Constitution."
Mr. Hamilton, in No. CO of tho Federalist,
says:
"Tho qualifications of the porsons who may chooso
or be choscn, as has been remarked upon another oc-
casion, aro defined and fixed in the Constitution, and
arc unalterable by the Legislature."
It is my opinion, therefore, that the advo-
cates of congressional intervention to regulate
tho right of suffrage in the States, whether
loyal or disloyal, by mere legislative enact-
ment, have no warrant for tho authority tlicy
claim in the Constitution, but are seeking to
exercise a power expressly prohibited by the
Constitution.
If the discussion had been confined to the
operation of this bill, these remarks would
hardly be pertinent. But the question has been
discussed in its bearing upon tho whole coun-
try, and it is avowed that what we do upon
this measure is designed to have a bearing
on the general policy of the nation. But the
power of Congress to pass this bill is, I sup-
pose. undeniable. Congress has complete juris-
diction over tho District of Columbia ; and here
it is only a question of justice and expediency.
If it had been left to my judgment, Mr.
President, I should have said that whether
this measure was in itself wise or unwise this
was bardiy a proper time to introduce it. We
are in the mid=t of mighty events. The order
of society all around us is disorganized. There
is a painful sense of uncertainty filling every
heart and mind. Now, vital, and most difficult
questions are thrust upon us, which must be
decided. Anything not essential in itself, or
very material to the welfare of the nation, or
a considerable part of the nation, if it is cal-
culated to complicate our difficulties, or in-
flame party passions or sectional animosities,
had better be left, it appears to me, to a more
propitious hour. It is true that this bill is
limited to this District in its operation. Never- I
theiess it has and is designed to have a na-
tional significance. The moral influence of our j
action here is intended to reach every State, j
But, wisely or unwisely, the question is before >
us andive must meet it. And, sir, in taking
my position to-day I do it with the understand-
ing that it may possibly terminate my connec-
tion with this body and with public affairs.
But., sir, acting in obedience to the convic-
tions of my judgment, I shall leave the result,
so far as it shall affect me personally, to take
care of itself. If T am right the truth sooner or
later will vindicate my course. If I am wrong,
I shall at least have the consolation of know-
ing that I erred from no selfish motive. 1 will
not, I cannot now, whatever may bo the con-
sequences, shrink from what. I trust I may bo
pardoned for saying, has been the sacred rule
of my life—a conscientious adherence to what-
soever 1 believe to be just and true. Therefore
reiterating my belief that Congress has no
power to interfere with the right of suffrage
in any State ; that I shall oppose all congres-
sional legislation assuming to exercise any
sneh power : and recalling the fact that the
bill under consideration is confined in its legal
operation to the District of Columbia alone,
I solicit the attention of the Senate to some
further remarks on the principles and policy
involved in it. In doing so 1 wish to treat
the question fairly, and so to deserve a candid
and impartial hearing here and elsewhere.
Mr. President, I do not concur in the opin-
ion so boldly avowed by some Senators (hat
the proposition to extend tho right of suffrage
to the African race in this District is so plainly
right its to be unquestionable. I regard it as
one of the most difficult and important ques-
tions ever submitted to the consideration of
Congress. It involves the future welfare of
two races here and elsewhere, and perhaps the
very existence of one of them on this conti-
nent. It is not, in my judgment, consistent
with a wise and enlightened statesmanship
to seek to evade its embarrassments by mere
emphatic declarations that its propriety is in-
controvertible. 'There is no argument in sim-
ple asseverations, however vehemently made or
dogmatically expressed.
This question of suffrage has been discussed
with great ability and research during the past
few weeks. History, philosophy, law, and met-
aphysics have been laid under liberal contri-
butions to illustrate it. The de'bafe has been
adorned with great eloquence and learning oil'
both sides of the Chamber.
Mr. President, I shall be unable to commend
my views to the Senate by any of these attract-
ive and fascinating adjuncts. My aim shall
be to present the conclusions which are war-
ranted by plain, common sense. And, sir, 1
begin with tho proposition, which 1 believe
has not boon seriously controverted, that suf-
frage is not a natural or absolute right. If it
were so the controversy would be at an end;
for I think it would be hard to demonstrate
thai wo would be justifiable in withholding
from any member of society what he had a
natural light to enjoy.
But, sir, it seems to mc that the order and
economy of divine Providence plainly indi-
cate that citizenship must necessarily be sub-
ject to limitations. The universal law of self-
defense, belonging to communities no less than
to individuals, involves the principle of re-
stricted suffrage. If we look abroad over the
earth we cannot fail to see, from its physical
structure and geographical divisions, that dis-
tinct communities and separate nationalities
are inevitable. It is divided into continents
and islands and zones and sections, separated
by oceans and seas and mountain ranges, incli- j
eating a most palpable providential design of I
distinct and independent communities. Then j
there are radical differences in systems of reli- |
gion, forms of civilization, manners, customs, i
language, and race. Some arc pagans, some
are Christians, some are .Tews, and some are
savages. It would, therefore, be impossible,
even if the physical barriers referred to were
out of the way, to extend one safe, consistent,
and useful empire over the entire globe, em-
bracing so many heterogeneous elements of ]
society. Different nationalities do, therefore, I
seem to be absolutely necessary, and to be I
according to the divine will; and therefore
they must be warranted by natural and abso-
lute right, and consequently include the power
to ordain and enforce whatsoever regulations
shall be deemed essential to preserve their
peace and integrity and promote their hap-
piness and prosperity. On this principle, I
imagine, our naturalization laws are based;
and these laws imply that no person belonging
to any one of these communities has the right
to incorporate himself into the body-politic
of any other community without its consent
and without complying with such condi-
tions as shall be prescribed for his admission.
On this foundation, too, has been erected the
whole superstructure of international law.
Kvpry nation or community, therefore, has
the absolute right to regulate its own affairs
and govern its own people. In doing so it
may not, however, rightfully exercise this
power arbitrarily or in derogation of the prin-
ciples of justice and equity toward all or
toward any of its people.
Now, sir. one fundamental and most obvious
principle neecssarv to be observed in the or-
ganization of such community is homogeneity
of condition, whether it relates to religion, to
the form or degree of civilization, to distinc-
tions of race, or to anything else ; because upon
this may depend its welfare, its peace, and, in-
deed. the perpetuity of its existence. And so
when an independent nation has been organ-
ized, it would seem to be illogical sequence of
the premises enunciated that that nation has
thereafter a perfect, right to say who shall or
who shall not bo introduced intoits citizenship;
and therefore no individual, class of individ-
uals, or race, not originally composing a part
of it, bits any natural or absolute right to be
enfranchised as a part of it against its consent
or on conditions other than those it may pre-
sciibc. indeed, this is implied in the cherished
maxim of our American institutions, that all
just government is derived f'ronj the consent
of the governed ; for this implies that Govern-
ment is a compact between the parties to it, and
to be just and complete it must include the
consent of all the contracting parties.
It, follows from these considerations that
whatever would seriously disturb the harmony
of the political organism of the State or im-
peril its welfare and integrity may be prop-
erly excluded. And here, sir, I must be al-
lowed to remark that there can be nothing
more likely to disturb the peaceful relations
of society than caste or distinction of races,
especially when those distinctions are as marked
as those belonging to the Anglo-Saxon and tho
African. Sir, I repeat it, that it is vain as it is
unwise to attempt to underrate the peril of
negro enfranchisement. Sir, we find impress-
ive admonitions on almost every page of his-
tory against the evils of incorporating different
races, religions, and civilizations into the same
national organization. If the Senator from
Massachusetts had brought the same learning
and research to the examination of the rela-
tions which this thought bears to the actual
history and condition of the nations of tho
earth which ho did to the definition of what
constitutes republican government a few days
ago, what an instructive lesson he would have
taught tis! Sir, may we not find a solution of
the problem of the long-protracted anarchy
and insurrectionary condition of Mexico in
the heterogeneous character of its population?
And if so, was not Bonis Napoleon indebted for
his opportunity of violating flic traditional policy
of the United States and humiliating us as a
nation by the introduction of European im-
perialism on this continent to these same Mex-
ican disorders? And what was our own late
sad and sanguinary war but a rebellion insti-
gated by causes growing out of the existence
of a foreign race in this country? And how
does England maintain her authority to-day
over the castes and races ill her eastern pos-
sessions? Not by law or by the consent of
the people, but by tho sword.
Mr. President, I do not suppose there is a
Senator here, not even the Senator from Massa-
