1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marclt 20,
Everybody knows very well how appointments
are made, and the character of the men that
occupy positions under the Government. " I
know the Senator from Michigan is desirous to
fill, these positions with eminent men, well
qualified to occupy any position under the Gov-
ernment ; but he knows very well, if he reflects
upon it, that we -will not get that class of men.
He will get very ordinary men. He will get men
whose qualifications are of an entirely different
kind from those that he desires them to have.
I need not say what those qualifications are.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly well known
that every successful business house in the Uni-
ted States employs a competent man to ma nage
that business. I will venture to say that the
Senator from Rhode Island pays to the de-
signer for his prints more than ten thousand
dollars a year, and I would not be surprised if
he paid him §25,000 a year. The designers in
the large print-works receive from $10,000 to
$25,000 a year. What would the Senator think
of a law that would limit him to $3,000 a year
for designers for his manufactories? He would
fail in two years. ,
Mr. SPRAGUE. He gets just $120 a month,
no more, no less.
Mr. CHANDLER. The chief designer?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, that is a hard case.
[Laughter.] I knew another concern that did
pay $10,000 a year; but I stand corrected with
regard to the Senator.
Mr. SPRAGUE. My friend from Illinois
[Mr. Yates] suggests to me that the Senator
from Michigan himself obtains from the Gov-
ernment but §3,000 a year, and I consider that
he is a first-class man, and so do his associates.
I do not think that these gentlemen are enti-
tled to any more pay than a Senator of the
United States.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring m the amendment strik-
ing out the word "live," and inserting in lieu
thereof "six." Does the Chair understand
the Senator from Maine to move to amend the
amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. If that amend-
ment is not concurred in I shall then move to
strike out "five" and insert " four."
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to strike
out " five" and insert " four," so as to make
the salary of the appraiser $1,000.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will move further to
amend it by striking out "four" and inserting
"three." °
Mr. IESSENDEN. Three thousand is for
the assistants.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I propose to make the
pay of the assistants $2,500. I think that is
enough for them.
Mr. I1 ESSENDEN. I think we had better
have the pav of the appraiser at $4,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine, to strike out" four" and in-
sert "three," so as to make it read "$3,000."
J he amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
'I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine striking out" ii vc " and inserting "four;''
so as to make the amount $4,000. '
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next excepted amendment was in sec-
tion six, line five, to strike out "three" and
insert " four;" so that it will read :
And the assistant appraisers shall each receive a
compensation of $4,000 per annum.
_Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be concurred in, and that will leave
their pay at $3,000, as it stood in the bill ori-
ginally.
The araeudment was non-concurred in.
J n°w move to strike out
Jo,000 and to insert "$2,500."
Mr. FESSENDEN. They nowrcceive $2,600,
and it ought to be increased a little. I think
it stands right now.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 199) to establish
the collection district of Port Huron, and to
extend the district o£, Puget Sound.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Commerce have reported the bill with
an amendment striking out all of the original
bill and inserting inlieu thereof a substitute.
The substitute alone will be read, unless some
Senator calls for the reading of the original
bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of the bill after the enaetiug clause and
to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That a new collection district, to be called the dis-
trict of Port Huron, be, and the same is hereby, estab-
lished in the State of Michigan, which shall embrace
the mouth and entire shore of the St. Clair river, and
the counties ot St. Clair, Lapeer, Tuscola, and Sag-
inaw, and all the tertitory and waters of tho State
of Michigan lying north of said counties and east of
the principal meridian; and a collector shall be ap-
pointed to reside at Port Huron, which shall be tho
sole port of entry for said district. And the said col-
lector shall receive the same compensation provided
for tho collectors of Pembina, Chicago, and certain
other ports, by the second section of the act entitled
"An act, to regulate the foreign coasting trade on
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern front-
iers of the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved June 17,1864. And all the territory and
waters of tho said State of Michigan lying west of
the said principal meridian and not included in the
district of Michilimackinac, are hereby made a sepa-
rate district, to beealled tho district of Michigan, for
which a collector, with the same compensation as
above provided for the collector of PortHuron,shall
be appointed to reside at Gr and Haven, which shall
be the sole port of entry for said district of Michigan.
Sec. 2. Andbe itfurther enacted. That the collection
district of Puget Sound be, and the same is hereby,
extended so as to cmbraco all the territory and waters
east of said district to the head waters of tho Missis-
sippi river.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. The title of the bill
should be amended to make it conform to the
amended provisions of the bill. I ask that the
title may be amended so as to read, "A bill
to establish the collection district of Port Hu-
ron and the collection district of Michigan,
and to extend the district of Puget Sound."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of the bill will be so amended if there be no
objection.
MARINE HOSPITALS AND REVENUE CUTTERS.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the W hole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 184) to authorize
the sale of marine hospitals and of revenue cut-
ters, It authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to lease, or to sell at public auction, to the
highest^ and best bidder, for cash, after due
notice in the public newspapers, such ma-
rine-hospital buildings and lands appert aining
thereto as he may deem advisable, and he is
empowered to make, execute, and deliver all
needful conveyances to the lessees or purchas-
ers respectively; and the proceeds of the leases
and sales are to be appropriated for the marine
hospital establishment; but no one of the ma-
rine hospitals is to be exposed to sale or lease
where the relief furnished to sick marines
shows an extent of relief equal to twenty cases
per diem, on an average, for the last preced-
ing four years, or where no other suitable and
sufficient hospital accommodations can be pro-
cured upon reasonable terms for the comfort
and convenience of the patients.
It also authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his discretion, to sell at public auction,
to the highest and best bidder, for cash, after
due notice in the public newspapers, such of
the revenue cutters as he shall find to be ill
adapted to the purposes of the revenue ser-
vice, and to expend the proceeds of the sales
in the purchase or construction of other ves-
sels better suited to the wants of the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
first section of the bill by striking out the word
"such" in line six, and inserting the word
"the;" and then after the word "thereto" in
line seven to insert the following:
At the places following, namely: at Burlington, in
the State of Vermont; Cleveland, in the State of
Ohio; Pittsburg,in the State of Pennsylvania; Ga-
lena, in thoStato of Illinois; Burlington, in theState
of Iowa; St. Louis, in the State of Missouri; Cin-
cinnati, in the State of Ohio; Louisville, in theStato
ot Kentucky; Evansville,in the State of Indiana:
and Paducah, in the State of Kentucky.
So that it will read :
That the Secretary of tho Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to lease, or to sell at public auc-
tion, to the highest and best bidder, for cash, after
due notice in the public newspapers, the marine-hos-
pital buildings and lands appertaining thereto, at
the places following, namely, at Burlington, m the
State of V*errnont, &c.
_ I offer this amendment in order to make the
bill conform to what is really intended by it.
This bill was founded upon a report made by
Mr. Atlee, who examined these hospitals very
carefully during the past season, and made a
report, in which he recommends that these par-
ticular hospitals, for reasons which he gives,
be sold or leased; and I suppose the object of
the bill is to reach that, to authorize their sale
or lease. I think it better to insert this amend-
ment for the simple reason that, as the bill is
drawn, it gives leave to sell other hospitals at
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and I think all this matter ought to come be-
fore Congress and be acted upon specifically
by Congress. Now, as this has been recom-
mended, it may be well to give him authority
to sell or lease these buildings, if he thinks it
advisable, but I think it better that the bill
should be made specific, simply to carry out
what was intended. This does not oblige him
to sell any of them, but it gives him leave to
sell them, according to the recommendation
of the inspector, who made a thorough exam-
ination of them. 1 hope this amendment will
be acceptable to the chairman of,the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is undoubtedly ac-
ceptable to me as far as it goes, but I will inform
the Senator from Maine that the inspection is
not yet completed on the part of the Treasury
Department, and there may be other hospitals
yet to be examined which it may be deemed
advisable for the interests of the Government
to sell.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that should turn out
to be so, let him come to Congress, and we
will agree to let him sell or lease them.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no particular
objection to the amendment of the Senator.
It covers precisely what was intended by the
bill, to allow the Secretary to sell the buildings
that have been recommended to be sold, but
the committee proposed to leave it to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary to sell any others that
might be reported.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. I am unwilling to give
him a general discretion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr._ FESSENDEN. I think that the word
marines," in the thirteenth line, should be
• seamen." It now reads :
That no one of the marine hospitals shall be exposed
to sale or lease where tho relief furnished to sick
marines shall show, &c.
. There is a distinction between marines and
seamen.
Mr. CHANDLER. It should be "mari-
ners." It is a misprint.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Seamen" will do as
well.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will do just as well,
and I have no objection to that change.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill should
