452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
£
Army of the United States, we did pass a law
by which we disfranchised men who had gone
into the rebellion; butwhenthestormsweptovcr,
when the conflict of arms ceased, the Legisla-
ture reenfrancliised them, and the distinction
there now is, not against traitors, bat against
men who have upheld the flag of our country.
Toa may say lo me that my people in Ken-
tucky will not indorse the cutting down of her
representation hero. I care not what ray peo-
ple indorse. Convince me that I am right—and
ou cannot convince me that I am wrong when
go against traitors—and I will go upon that
line whether one, two, or one thousand stand
me in the State of Kentucky. I am not Ken-
tucky's Representative upon this floor alone;
I thank my God I take a wider survey of the
field of my country than is wrapped up within
the bounds of my own State, by her mountains
and rivers ; 1 thank my Clod that my eye looks
out over the whole broad expanse of our land,
from "Maine to California, and from the north-
ern lakes to the everglades of the South. X want
to legislate for the whole land, and not for one
part of it only. It is a narrow-minded view of
the subject to say, "I will not go for this prop-
osition because New England will lose two or
three Representatives; I will not go for this
proposition because California or the Northwest
will come in for a larger share of the spoils, or
because my own State will suffer.'' Let us con-
sider if it is for the good of our whole count ly.
and act upon that theory. There are men in
this House who have a little more faith in the
honesty, integrity, wisdom, and uprightness of |
that class of men who rebelled than even [pod- '
sess, coming from southern soil. I must say. |
Mr. Speaker, in the light of events, that it has i
not developed itself yet to my mind that these j
people are in a fit condition to be represented j
here by a large representation, if at all. |
Eight here I would make one remark which
may not be pertinent, and which some of my
brethren may differ with me in regard to, ami
it is simply this: as] have said, T should like
to go away back and strike at the root of this
thing, and prevent all traitorsfrompai-tieipating
in the affairs of this Government. There was
a time when wo could have carried this doctrine
out and no one would have grumbled at it. I
fear that time has passed. I hope, however,
that we may comeback to it, because 1 believe,
sir, that if we do not come back to that doe-
trine, in less than four years more we will be
troubled by another war. The time to which
I refer was when, before the groat clash of our
armies in front of Petersburg and Richmond,
the rebel hosts succumbed to the power of the
Federal arms and Lee surrendered, followed
immediately by the collapse of the whole con-
cern. Then we couldhavo done anything. Tliey
were willing to accept any terms. All that the
leaders expected was that they would be hung,
or at most allowed to leave our shores 111 pence ;
and that was all they ought to have had. The
great nui'-N of their followers simply expected
that they would be allowed to return to their
homes and there enjoy in peace ami quiet the
proceeds of their labor, with us to make the
laws by which they were to be governed.
But, sir, in my judgment, a mistake was com-
mitted; when Sherman and Johnston met in
North Carolina, and made the treaty, there 1
think the trouble began, t hold a paper in my
hand containing it. It is familiar to all. and 1
need not read it. But that treaty reestablished
the rebel States in pi over, and set in motion (he
machinery that existed there all the time upon
their taking the oath of allegiance; and there
the trouble began. What was the result? The
conference between Johnston and Sherman ter-
minated on the loth of April, 18G5 : and an ab-
stract of the terms agreed upon was forwarded
to Washington as early as possible : and imme-
diately afterward, on the 21st of April, the Pres-
ident of the Dinted States, just a short time after
the assassination of that great man who had led
us through the darkest hour, on the reception
of that dispatch, called his Cabinet council to-
gether. And what was the result of their delib-
erations? At that council the action of General
Sherman was disapproved by the President,
disapproved by the Secretary of War, disap-
proved by General Grant, and by every member
of the Cabinet.
Who approved that treaty? The whole anti-
war party; the whole Democratic party; the
whole party which had been all the time against
the Government of the United States, and
against forcing rebels and traitors to submit by
our armed power. And there is where they got
their encouragement. They said to themselves,
" Here is a great party in the North who desire
that we shall be reinstated, with all our rights
and privileges just as they were before.'' They
took courage, and it has gone on increasing.
And gentlemen will excuse me when I say that
I do not sec the. difference between the theory
of that treaty of Sherman and Johnston and
the present condition of the States as they exist
in the South to-day. I may be wrong; but if
I am I should like to have the difference pointed
out to me by some distinguished gentleman
upon this floor.
Now, I say that I favor this amendment as
reported from the committee, because I believe
it is the best thing that we can get adopted by
the States. I do not care whether these men
in the South over allow the negro to vote or not.
That is not a question about which I feel any
concern at this time. I will, however, say here
on that point, that whenever the negro develops
sufficient capacity for all the rights of citizens,
that he now has an opportunity to do, even my
Democratic friends here will not be opposed to
giving them to him. And I will say a word
further in reply to a remark of my colleague,
[Mr. Harding.] lie said, convince the Repub-
lican party that the negro will vote Ihc Demo-
cratic ticket and they will drop this whole meas-
ure. I say. convince the Democratic party that
the negro will vote their ticket, and they will
crawl on their knees to drag him up. [Laugh-
ter.] But that is not the question here.
In my opinion, this amendment leaves that
whole question just where I believe it ought to
rest, exactly in the position where I have al-
ways contended in my short political career the
question of suffrage shouldbe, in the State itself.
And since we cannot change that, basis, which
I believe we cannot do, let it remain there.
This amendment leaves it there. And it rests
entirely with them whether they enfranchise
one race or another. On the general question
of the suffrage for the negro I need make
no explanation. My views are on record. I
voted against the bill allowing negro suffrage
in the District of Columbia. 1 did not believe
then, nor do 1 believe now, that this race, com-
ing immediately out of bondage, is fit for all
the rights of citizens. When they develop suf-
ficient fitness for that purpose I will be the last
man to withhold the right of suffrage from them.
T am not afraid of social or political equal-
ity with any race, and I am sorry—ves, sir. I
am sorry—that my learned and distinguished
colleague [ill-. Raupixg] and the gentlemen
who act with him are so fearful ou that score.
[ was always taught to believe that in this coun-
try. said to be free, we had the right to choose
our own associates. 1 do not believe this amend-
ment, if adopted, will take away that right. I
think it will remain; and if any gentleman
chooses to associate with a colored man, with a
black man, or any other man or race of men,
even the Hindoo or the Hottentot, he can do it.
I believe in every man having the same show in
this v. oi Id for life, and when he develops all the
capacities that fit men for the highest rights of
citizenship, then let him have them.
Now, in regard to the proposition of the hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. ScilcxcK.]
I am opposed to it. I do not believe in basing
representation upon actual voters, and without
debating that question I will give a very short
reason for my opposition to it. It will have a
tendency to lead States to confer suffrage upon
all, to enfranchise men from other lands the
moment they drop on our shores, as some of
the States do already. [ think this matter of
suffrage should be guarded. While I hold to
the great doctrine of universal suffrage, let us
extend it only so far as we can bear it. There-
fore I oppose the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
So far as concerns the great mass of amend-
ments offered by gentlemen from the Republi-
can party—of course no Democrat offers one,
because, ha does not want the Constitution
amended—I have paid but very little attention
to them, because I have made tip my mind that
this one reported from the joint committee on
reconstruction is the best for us to "adopt.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The Democrats pro-
posed many amendments to the Constitution
just before the rebellion broke out.
Mr. McKEE. Yes, sir; and they voted for
them, too, I believe. Gentlemen from my own
State, then upon this floor, every one of them
voted for an amendment to the Constitution pro-
posed by Hon. Mr. Crittenden, of Kentucky.
But now it is all wrong to propose any amend-
ment to the Constitution 1 I believe the whole
Kentucky delegation voted for that proposition.
I do not know who they were ; but I venture to
say that the s-ame men, if they are living to-day,
are in the Demociatic party.
Mr. CRIDER. If any of the Kentucky del-
egation now on this floor voted for that amend-
ment I trust my colleague will designate them.
Mr. McKEE. My immediate predecessor,
Mr. Wadswortii voted, I believe, fortheamend-
ment proposed by Sir. Crittenden.
Mr. GRIDER. Not a member from Ken-
tucky now on this floor was here then.
Mr. McKEE. I did not say that such was
the fact. I said that the Kentucky delegation
then on the floor of this House, whoever they
may have been, voted for the Crittendcn-amend-
mcnt. They wanted to perpetuate the institu-
tion of slavery.
Mr. GRIDER. I understood my colleague
to say that some of the Kentucky delegation
now on this floor voted for that amendment.
Sir. SIcKEE. If I said that, I did not
mean it.
Sir. SMITH. I desire to say that my col-
league who now occupies the floor used the
expression that the entire delegation then on
this floor from Kentucky voted for that pro-
posed amendment; which is true.
Sir. SIcKEE. That was my assertion.
Sir. SSHTH. I desire only to add that the ob-
ject of that amendment was to establish slavery
forever in those States where it existed ; it pro-
vided that there should never he any amend-
ment to the Constitution prohibiting slavery.
Now, I say that my colleague is correct in
taking the position that those who are acting
with that party to-day, and have opposed the
abolition of slavery, and sanctioned the conduct
of the rebels, are particeps crimiuis with them.
Mr. GltlDER. I understood my colleague
to say that some of the Representatives from
Kentucky now on this floor voted for the amend-
ment to which he alludes, which wasintroduced.
as I understand, by the honorable and distin-
guished John J. Crittenden. I only undertook
to say that I did not. believe that one single gen-
tleman now here as a Represgntativ e from Ken-
tucky was a member of this House at that par-
ticular period.
Sir. SIcKEE. I will ask my colleague one
question: did he not at the time, and lias he
not since, approved that vote of the delegation
from Kentucky?
Sir. GRIDER. I will answer the gentleman.
This is the identical question which was put to
me during my late canvass; and I met^ it by
saying that, so far as I was concerned, in my
district and my State, when this rebellion com-
menced, we took the ground that we were for
the Constitution and the Union, and^ would
maintain all our rights under the Constitution,
under the stars and stripes, and that we would
not tamper with that sacred instrument until
the rebellion should have ended, and peace, with
her soothing and kindly influence, prevail all
over the land; and then, if the Constitution
needed amendment,, we would do it with delib-
eration and in a manner becoming statesmen.
And that is what 1 say now.
Mr. WARD. That is what we are doing now.
