2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
who advocate a reduction of this tax to state
from what source they expect to make up that
amount of money. The light which they may
throw on this subject may have some effect
upon my vote on these propositions relative to
the tax on cotton.
The Committee of Ways and Means, in pre-
paring this bill, have had in view the raising
of a certain amount of revenue. If we reduce
that amount by these amendments we must
increase the tax upon some other articles or
must include as subjects of taxation some arti-
cles which are not now embraced in the bill.
I hope, therefore, that those who favor this
reduction will give us some lightasto the arti-
cles on which they propose an increase of
taxation, as well as the articles not now in-
cluded which they propose to embrace in the
bill.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. IiASSos]*has made some allusion to the
testimony taken before the revenue commis-
sion. That remark shows that the gentleman
knows nothing at all abcfut the character of the
men who gave that testimony; for I undertake
to say that there are no men in this country
who stand higher where they are known—and
they arc widely known—than the gentlemen
who gave their testimony before this commis-
sion.
Let me make a single remark in relation to
another point suggested by the gentleman from
Iowa, the difficulty of collecting this tax from
the people of the South. This bill has been
prepared with great care, and is now presented
after repeated revision. This tax will only be
collected in the South when it goes to the
large manufactories. There will not be a dollar
collected of planters on their own plantations
on cotton for their own use. When it is re-
moved from the district, however, then the tax
will also be collected.
In conclusion let me say, if gentlemen strike
out this amount, they must be prepared to levy
an equal tax in some other quarter.
Air. KAS.SON withdrew his amendment.
Mr. RAYMOND. I move pro forma, to
raise the tax to six cents. I do it merely to
get an opportunity of saying I think five cent's,
the amount of tax reported by the committee,
is one which the cotton crop will bear, at pres-
ent at least. The immense sum by which the
revenue provided, for will be reduced if any
change is made in the tax on cotton, seems
to be conclusive that no change should be
made.
The testimony which the committee has taken
and especially what the commission took during
their investigation on this subject, if gentlemen
will examine it, I think they will find is con-
clusive on this point that live cents is a very
fair medium tax on cotton. The chairman of
the committee has submitted some of this tes-
timony. More of it is published in this sum-
mary of the report, appendix No. 3, from which
extracts might be read to the House to throw
light on this subjcct. But there is no lime in
this form of debate to go into that. Mr. Derby
a recognized authority on cotton in England,
says, in his opinion, an excise tax should be
levied, and that five cents is not too high.
All who accede to this amount of tax desire
a drawback should be made on manufactured
goods when exported. It seems to me wo
cannot do better than follow the recommenda-
tion of the committee. If any member of the
House has the facts which will overthrow the
evidence upon which that recommendation is
made, then we will have some substantial
argument to go upon.
It is urged this will be a discouragement to
cotton culture. It it were a necessity the tax
now fixed should be a permanent tax there
would be weight in that argument. No one
supposes the price of cotton will rule lower for
a year or two to come. It is not the expecta-
tion of those who are most directly concerned
in the manufacture of cotton goods. If five
cents is not too high now and should prove to
lie too high when the next Congress revises
the internal revenue system it can be reduced.
We are fixing it upon the price cotton will rule
for the next two years.
Air. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise to close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Air. Dawes
repprted that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly House bill No. 513, to amend
an act entitled '' An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864, and acts
amendatory thereof, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Air. MORRILL moved that debate bo closed
in ten minutes on the pending section of the
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Air. AIORRILL moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Air.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal l-evenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
18G4, and acts amendatory thereof.
Air. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Air. Chair-
man, the proposition, I understand now, is to
raise the tax to six cents. The gentleman who
made that proposition said, if the taxbe reduced
below five cents it.will be necessary to substi-
tute some other tax to make up that amount.
I think the gentleman is mistaken. By the
returns from the Treasury Department it ap-
pears the revenue for nine months of this year
has been $410,000,000. The estimates for
the remaining three months of the year, which
have been made on a very low scale, give
$91,000,000 additional, making S501,000.000
as the total revenue of the year. From the
actual data, my own impression is, the revenue
of the year will not be less than five hundred
and twenty millions. The Secretary of the
Treasury says that $350,000,000 of revenue
will give him not less than fifty millions to
appropriate toward the payment of the public
debt next year; and he places that as the
maximum amount of revenue which ought to
be raised for the year commencing the 1st of
July next.
Now, I say the reduction of tax we have pro-
posed in this bill, without anything additional
upon cotton, would not amount to the differ-
ence between $350,000,000 and the revenues
of the present year, even with considerable
allowance for the falling off of production the
next year; and of that I have no apprehen-
sion. The South has come in, and we are
preparing for thirty instead of twenty million
people. I think, at the same rate of tax, the
revenue for the next year will be as great as
for the present year. I think we need have
no apprehension on that score if we levy a tax
on cotton as it was during the past year, and
at the rate imposed while the war continued, a
rate which the last. Congress refused to increase
after an animated debate.
I hope the tax will not be raised; that cot-
ton, a southern production, will not be singled
out as the only article upon which we shall
impose increased taxation.
Air. STEVENS. The gentleman has spoken
of the amount of revenue. I wish to know
whether he considers it exceptional, or does
he suppose, if our present rate of tax remains,
that amount will be realized ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. When I was upon the
floor before, I made a statement as to the
amount of cotton introduced into Great Brit-
ain for consumption; that while the amount of
American cotton between the years 1801 and
1865 fell off more than one million and a half
bales, the total decrease of cotton uon&med
in England was only three hundred and thirty-
six thousandbales. Isay, also, thatby the same
tables, between the years 1801 and 1805, all the
cotton imported into England, a portion of which
was exported to the Continent in 1861, was
over a million, exclusive of American cotton,
while in 1865 the amount of cotton imported
into England other than American cotton was
two million bales and over, showing in four
years the amount of that cotton was double.
Mr. DODGE. It strikes me the subject
before the House to-night has a wider range
than has been given to it in this debate. While
we are looking at the income to be derived
from cotton alone, we must not forget cotton
is the basis upon which our importations are to
be made in the future, and on any provision
we make for the payment of the public debt
we look to the duties on imports. We cannot
have large importations unless we have some
large article to export. There is nothing more
important, to my mind, than that our country
should gain as soon as possible the position we
held in European markets previous to the war.
We must not forget during these fiveyearsmost
gigantic efforts have been made to produce cot-
ton in India; that where they produced cotton
at a great disadvantage on account of the dis-
tance and cost of transportation, now, by means
of railroads built by English capital, they are
producing immense amounts of cotton. It
strikes me, as a matter of importance to the
United States, we should, as soon as possible,
return to our normal condition, and raise not
only twenty-five hundred thousand but five mil-
lion bales of cotton. When we do that the
price of cotton cannot be sustained above
twelve and a half cents per pound.
Air. AIORRILL. I ask whether the gen-
tleman does not know that they have raised
cotton so extensively in India as to produce a
famine because of the non-production of food,
and that an order has also been issued by the
Pacha of Egypt by which the land devoted to
the culture of cotton will be largely restricted
in amount for the same reasons.
Mr. DODGE. That was very natural. It
arose from the high price of cotton and the
immense stimulus given to its production. All
that will be exported ; they will not raise so
much as to starve hereafter. We are to meet
a tremendous competition from India, such as
we have not met before; and I apprehend no
act can be passed by this Congress which will
give English capitalists more than the impo-
sition of this tax.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Ursox's
amendment: and being put, the said amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The second section was then read, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid
tax upon cotton shall bo levied by the u^e«'«r on
the producer, owner, or holder thereof. And said
tax shall be paid to the collcctor of interna! revenue
within and for the collection district in which said
cotton shall have been piodueed, and bcfoie the
same shall have been removed therefrom, except
where otherwise provided in this act: mid every
collector to whom any tax upon cotton .-hall be paid
shall mark the bales or other packages upon which
the tax shall have been paid, in such manner a^ mav
clearly indicate the payment thereof, and shall aivo
to the owner or other peivon havi-m: charge of such
cotton a permit for the removal of the Panic stating?
therein the amount and payment of the tax, the
time and place of payment, and the weight and
marks upon the bales and packages, ^o that the^amo
may be Mly identified; and it ^hall be the duty of
every such collector to keep elcnr and sufficient
records of all such cotton inspected or marked, and
oi aH mark-- and identiik'utions thereof, and of all
permits tor the removal of the same, and of all his
transactions relating thereto; and he shall make full
returns thereof, monthly, to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
No amendments were offered.
