1865,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
H'o. of Keps.
vision will be Blade for the commencement of
the reduction of the national debt, an early
payment of it is not anticipated. Nor is it un-
derstood- that those who are apprehensive of
the effects of contraction entertain the opinion
that the present condition of things should be
continued until any considerable portion of this
debt shall be paid.
So far as individual indebtedness is regarded,
it may be remarked, that the people of the
United States, if not as free from debt as they
were six months ago, are much less in debt
than they have been in previous years, and'
altogether less than they will be when the in-
evitable day of payment comes around, if the
volume of paper money is not curtailed.- A
financial policy which would prevent the crea-
tion of debts and stimulate thepayment of those
already existing, so far from being- injurious,
would be in the highest degree beneficial.
It is further urged that a reduction of the
Government notes would embarrass the national
banks, if it did not force many of them into
liquidation.
To which it maybe said, that it is better that
the banks should be embarrassed now than
bankrupted hereafter. Their business and their
customers are now under their control. What
will be their condition in these respects if the
expansion continues and swells a year or two
longer, it is not difficult to predict. While there
has been no unhealthy expansion of credits in
the United States for which the banks have not
been largely responsible, there has been none
by which they have not been ultimately the
losers. Unless their sentiments are misunder-
stood by the Secretary, the conservative bank-
ers of the country are quite unanimously in
favor of a curtailment of the currency, with a
view to an early return to specie payments.
Again, it is said that the excessive bank de-
posits have as much influence in creating and
sustaining high prices as a superabundant cur-
rency, This is unquestionably true ; but it is
also true that excessive deposits are the effect
of excessive currency, and that whenever the
currency is reduced there will be, at least, a
corresponding, if not a greater, reduction of
deposits.
The last objection which will be noticed to
the measure recommended is, that it would, by
reducing the rate of foreign exchanges, reduce
exports and increase imports.
It is doubtless true that a high rate of ex-
change did for a time increase the exportations
of our productions, and diminish the importa-
tion of foreign articles, but this advantage was
much more than counterbalanced by the largely
increased expenses of the Government and. of
the people resulting from the very cause that
produced the high rate of exchange. Besides,
this apparent advantage no longer exists. The
advance of prices in the United States, not-
withstanding the continued high rate of Euro-
pean exchange, is now checking exports and
inviting imports, and is creating a balance in
favor of Europe that is likely to be the great-
est obstacle in the way of an early resumption
of specie payments. Nor must it be forgotten,
that while the export of our productions was
stimulated by the high rate of exchange, this
very high rate of exchange enabled Europe to
purchase them at exceedingly low prices.
Unless an unusual demand for our products
is created in Europe by extraordinary causes,
it will be ascertained, by reference to the proper
tables, that our imports increase, and our ex-
ports diminish, under the influence of a re-
dundant currency. But reference to figures is
hardly necessary to substantiate this proposi-
tion. It is substantiated by the statement of
it. A country in which high prices prevail is
an inviting one for sellers, but an uninviting
one for purchasers. Such a country is, un-
fortunately, the United States at the present
time. In order, however, that there may be
no misapprehension on this point, the attention
of Congress is respectfully called to a clcar and
interesting paper from Dr. Elder, Statistician
of this Department, accompanying this report.
Every consideration, therefore, that has been
brought to the mind of the Secretary, confirms
the correctness of the views he has presented.
If the business of the country rested upon a
stable basis, or if credits could be kept from
being still _ further increased, there would be
less occasion for solicitude on this subject.
But such is not the fact. Business is not in a-
healthy condition; it is speculative, feverish,
uncertain. Every day that contraction is de-
ferred^ increases the difficulty of preventing a
financial collapse. Prices and credits will not
remain as they are. The tide will either re-
cede or advance; and it will not recede with-
out the exercise of the controlling power of
Congress.
The Secretary, therefore, respectfully but
earnestly recommends—
First. That Congress declare that the com-
pound-interest notes shall cease to be a legal
tender from the day of their maturity.
_ Second. That, the Secretary be authorized, in
his discretion, to sellbonds of the United States,
bearing interest at a rate not exceeding six per
cent., and redeemable and payable at such
periods as may be conducive to the interests of
the Government, for the purpose of retiring not
only compound-interest notes, but the United
States notes.
It is the opinion of the Secretary, as has been
already stated, that the process of contraction
cannotbe injuriously rapid; and that it will not
be necessary to retire more than one hundred,
oratmosttwo hundred millions of United States
notes, in addition to the compound notes, be-
fore' the desired result will be attained. But
neither the amount of reduction, nor the time
that will be required to bring up the currency
to the specie standard, can liow lie estimated
with any degree of accuracy. The first thing to
be done is to establish the policy of contraction.
When this is effected, the Secretary believes
that the business of the country will readily ac-
commodate itself to theproposed change in the
action of Government, and that specie payments
may be restored without a shock to trade, and
without a diminution of the public revenues or
of productive industry.
At the closc of a great war, which has been
waged on both sides with a vigor and energy,
and with an expenditure of money, without a
precedent in history, the people of the United
States are incumbered with a debt which re-
quires the immediate and careful consideration
of their representatives.
Since the commencement of the special ses-
sion of 1801, the most, important subject which
has demanded and received the attention of Con-
gress has been that of providing the means to
prosecute the war; and the success of the Gov-
ernment in raising money is evidence of the
wisdom of the measures devised for this pur-
pose, as well as of the loyalty of the people and
the resources of the country. No nation within
the same period ever borrowed so largely, or
with so much facility. It is now to bo demon-
strated that a republican Government can not
only carry on a war on the most gigantic scale,
and create a debt of immense magnitude, but
can place this debt on a satisfactory basis,
and meet every engagement with fidelity. The
same wisdom which has been exhibited by the
national councils in providing the means for
preserving the national unity, will not be want-
ing in devising measures for establishing the
national credit.
The maintenance of public faith is a national
necessity. Nations do not and cannot safely
accumulate moneys to be used at a future day,
and exigencies are*constantly occurringin which
the richest and most powerful arc under the
necessity of borrowing. The millennial days,
when nations shall bcattheirswords into plow-
shares, and their spears into pruning-liooks, and
learn war no more, are yet, according to all ex-
isting indications, far in the future. Weak and-
defaulting nations may maintain a nominally
independent existence, but it will be by reason'
of the jealousies, rather than the forbearance
of stronger Powers. No nation is absolutely
safe which is not in a condition to defend itself;
nor can it be in this condition, no matter how
strong in other respects, without a well-estab-
lished financial credit. Nations cannot, there-
fore, afford to be unfaithful to their pecuniary
obligations. Credit to them, as to individuals, is
money; and money is the war power of the age.
But for the unfaltering'confidence of thepeopW
of the loyal States in the good faith of the Gov-
ernment, the late rebellion would have been a
success, and this greatnation, so rapidly becom-
ing again united and harmonious, would have
been broken into weak and belligerent frag-
ments. ,
_ But the public faith of the United States has
higher considerations than these for its support.
It rests not only upon* the interests of the peo-
ple, but upon their integrity and virtue. The
debt of the United States' has been created by
the people in their successful struggle for un-
divided and indivisible nationality. It is not
a debt imposed upon unwilling Subjects by des1
potic authority, but one incurred by the people
themselves for the preservation of their Gov-
ernment—by the preservation of which, thtfse'
who have been leagued together for its ovei4
throw are to be as really benefited as those who
have been battling for its maintenance. As it
is a debt voluntarily incurred for the common
good, its burdens will be cheerfully boine by
the people, who will not permit them to be
permanent.
The public debt of the United States repre-
sents a portion of the accumulated wealth of
the country. While it is a debt of the nation,
it becomes the capital of the citizen. The mean's
of the merchant, the manufacturer, and farmer;
and also those of the workingman and the sol-
dier, have been liberally invested in it; and it'
is an interesting fact—a practical evidence of
the great resources of the country—thatsolarge
an amount of their wealth could be loaned by
the people to the Government without embar-
rassing industrial pursuits. Notwithstanding
more than two thousand million dollars of th§
means of the people of the United States have
been thus loaned, no branch of useful industry
has suffered by the investment. Itisundoubt-
edly true that if the wealth which has been in-
vested in United States securities could have-
been employed in agriculture, in commerce, id-
mining and manufactures; in opening farm's'
and the belter improvement of those already'
under cultivation, in building railroads and'
ships, in working the mines, and in increasing1
the variety and amount of our manufacture's,-
the nation would have been far in advance of
what it now is in material prosperity. But it
is also true, that, notwithstanding the large
investments by the people of the United States
in the securities of their Government; notwith-
standing. also, more than two million men, in
the northern States alone, were, for longer or
shorter periods, in the military sen-ice, and at
least seven hundred thousand for a goodpart
of the time the war continued were constantly
under arms; and notwithstanding the immense
waste of life, consequent upon operations SO
extensive and battles so sanguinary as charac-
terized this memorable struggle, the larger part
of the country has still, since 1860, progressed'
both in wealth and population. The loj a!State'6
have advanced in material prosperity in spite
of the great drain that has been made u^on
them ; and now that the war is closed, the Union
is no longcrin peril, and the men that made_ the
armies on both sides so effective and formida-
ble are to be again employed in profitable pur-
suits, the onward march of the country—even
if a temporary reaction, as the result of the war
and the redundancy of the currency, shall be
experienced—will he decided and resistless.
The debt is large, but if kept at home, as it
is desirable it should bo, with a judicious sys-
