1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3437
the competency of negroes to be made cit-
izens. The opinion I refer to-is as follows :
" It has sometimes been urged that colored persons
ore shown not to be citizens of the United States by
the fact that the naturalization laws apply only to
white persons. But whether a person bom in the
United States be or bo not a citizen, cannot depend
on laws which refer only to aliens, and do not affeet
the status of persons born in tho United States. The
utmost effect which can be attributed to them is to
show that Congress has not deemed it expedient
generally to apply tho rule to colored aliens. That
they might do so, if thought fit, is clear. The Con-
stitution lias not excluded them. Andsince that has
conferred the power on Congress to naturalize colored
aliens, it certainly shows color is not a nccessary
qualification for citizenship under tho Constitution
of the United States. It may be added that the
power to make colored persons citizens of the United
States, under the Constitution, has been actually
exercised inrepeated and iiuportantinstances. (See
Treaties with tho Clioctaws, of September 27, 1S;>0,
article 14; with the Cherokee.-, of May 23,1S3G, arti-
cle 12; Tro.it>' of Guadalupe Hidalgo, February 2,
184S, article 8.)"
Here, then, is the point of the argument:
tlial a man born on our soil, subject to military
duty, subject to taxation, rendering obedience
to all our laws, sustaining all the burdens of
citizenship and discharging all its duties, and
morally and intellectually qualified to vole in-
telligently and judiciously, cannot, justly and
consistently with the principles and spirit of
our republican institutions, be rightfully de-
prived of the elective franchise, simply in con-
sequence of the color of his skin or on account
of his race. His being a black citizen cannot,
if he have all the other qualifications of the
white citizen who by law is entitled to vole,
constitute any legal, rational, or righteous dis-
ability on his part to vote. The only justi-
fication for his exclusion which will bear the
test of reason and of right must be found in
considerations of the public pence, welfaie, or
safety. If the enfranchisement of the negro
will impair any of these, then you may exclude
him from political authority ; if not, how can
yon justly do it? If according to our Consti-
tution and laws and the spirit of both, the
native-born black man is a citizen, how can
you consistently withhold from him this fran-
chise when he becomes equal, morally and
intellectually, with the white voter; when he
fulfills the same conditions you impose on the
white voter?
But the freodrnan is not the only party inter-
ested in this question. 1 consider the polit-
ical enfranchisement of such of the freedmen
as shall become capable of a judicious and in-
telligent, use of the right of suffrage as very
materially connected with the welfare of the
white man and of the nation. The great argu-
ment against emancipation was the danger to
be apprehended from the want of homogeneity
between the two races. Entertaining the views
I have already expressed, I shall not attempt
to deny that there was force in the argument.
No candid student of history or of the philos-
ophy of human nature can be free from appre-
hension here. l!ut lot me repeat the fad that,
the deed is done. Slavery has been abolished.
It is for the future we are required to provide.
Four million colored slaves have been eman-
cipated—forever emancipated. They arc in
our midst, and we cannot help it. There may
be danger in giving to them the elective fran-
chise ; but is there not equal if not greater
danger in withholding it from them? They
may not be homogeneous as voters; but will
they beany less so as freedmen deprived of
the right to vote? Is there not more danger in
the want of homogeneousness in the endow-
ment of political rights than in race or color?
May they not claim the i ighl, to vote at some
lime? Is there no danger here? If we tax
them, will they always peaceably submit to it
without representation ? Will they always yield
unresisting obedience to a Government im-
posed upon them without their consent? Will
they have courage enough to bear arms in our
defense, and to die in our defense, as they
have done recently, and yet be incapable of
exerting equal courage and determination in
asserting their awn rights, real or imaginary?
Remember, they are four millions now—more
in numbers than our fathers were when they
fought the battles of the Revolution and estab-
lished our independence as a nation. There
may be danger in the direction indicated; but
is there not, I repeat, equal if not greater dan-
ger in the contrary direction? Sir, [ acknowl-
edge again that the question is surrounded with
difficulties of the gravest character. I am seek-
ing to discover the way by which wo may avoid
the most serious of them.
Now, I know that it has been said that any
attempt to elevate the negro to an equality with
the white man at the polls will certainly pro-
voke a conflict with the white voter ; that the
white man will submit to no such humiliation.
Where is the humiliation ? If I am not in error,
if our fathers were not in error in enunciating
the truth that all just government rests on the
consent of the governed, then the right of suf-
frage would seem to belong to (he freedman
who is competent to appreciate it, if we com-
pel him to submit to our Constitution and laws.
Can there be any humiliation in granting to
any and to every human being what he is worthy
of receiving or what he is entitled to receive?
Nay, sir. The degradation, I think, would con-
sist in withholding it from him. Besides, sir,
I sujjpose the white man would be no more
humiliated by the equality of the negro at the
ballot-box than he would be by equality at the
bar ofa court of )ustice. And yet all are agreed,
I believe, to yield to the negro equality of civil
rights. And what do these include ? All that,
enters into the security and enjoyment of "life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." If the
negro is to be placed on the same platform with
me in all these vital respects, ana no degrada-
tion is suffered from it, I cannot see either the
degradation or any just cause of danger in award-
ing to him, when lie is qualified to receive it, tho
elective franchise. I am not blind, sir, to the
prejudice, not to say passion, which exists in
the public mind against the endowing of the
negro with this great right; nor will I conceal
the apprehensions which 1 feel myself lest seri-
ous difficulties and collisions may ensue. But
my argument is, that, there is less danger in
bestowing the franchise than there is in reserv-
ing it. That is the point 1 make. There ought
to be, there is in truth, no good reason why jus-
tice to the negro should provoke the hostility
of the white man ; but there! would lie reason
in the revolt of the former if the latter should
he guilty of injustice to him. Jt may be im-
possible sometimes to give practical effect to
abstract principles of right and justice; but
wherever it is possible to do so we ought not
to fear evil consequences from doing it. What
is right is always expedient if it is practicable..
But. Mr. President, I may as well notice this
outcry against negro equality a little more par-
ticularly. I tis an unmeaning clamor, addressed
to tho passions and prejudices of the unthink-
ing rather than the respectful consideration of
the; statesman. Will j on, it is froquentlyasked,
will you make, the negro equal to the white
man? Well, sir, what does that mean? If it,
were possible to make the negro fully equal to
tho white man—equal in virtue, in knowledge;
equal in all the attributes of our common
human nature—why should it, not lie done?
And if he were really and truly made our equal,
what would we have to complain of? It would
take away the grounds of complaint. And if
the elective franchise really had any such won-
drous power of transmutation and refinement
of the negro, why should it not be bestowed
upon hitn? if the power to vote would really
make the negro equal to us. we ought to desire
it to be given to him, for it is his inequality
with us of which we complain. It would at
once remove the apple of discord which has
been so long disturbing the peace of the na-
tion. But unfortunately it could have no such
effect. Equality of civil and political rights
could have but little influence on the social
relations of the races.
Why, sir, the negro lias an equal right to
breathe the same vital air which we do ; and
he does breathe it equally with us; and it is
equally necessary to the life of us all. Does
that prove the social equality of the races?
The ri^ht of suffrage is the vital principle of
republican institutions; but its equal enjoy-
ment by the white man and the black man does
not and cannot in anywise change the personal
identity of either or affect their social rela-
tions. Social relations cannot be regulated by
law. They are beyond its power. They are
not _ the legitimate subject of legal Regulation.
Social equality is a matter of taste, of feeling,
and of every man's unfettered sense of pro-
priety. The idea that because a negro can
vole he is thereby placed on a social equality
with the white man is supremely ridiculous.
The idle, vicious, dissolute, dishonest white
man votes; am I thereby placed under any
obligation to acknowledge his social equality,
or any other kind of personal equality? Is he,
therefore, my equal ? I may not and ought not
to associate with him at all, nor will the law
compel mo to do it. Mr. President, such ar-
guments are intended for other ears than ours,
i am willing they shall go to those for whom
they are intended, assured that the good sense
of the people will readily distinguish between
what is artfully addessed to their prejudices
and passions and what shall justly challenge
their enlightened judgment.
Akin to this class of objection is another
even more trivial. I allude to the intermar-
riage and miscegenation of the races. It ad-
mits of the same reply. These also are mat-
ters of taste and feeling. And I have this
further remark to make about it, that if any
white man should ever so far forget all the
instincts of nature and all sense of propriety
as to intermarry with a negro, I would say,
Heaven help the negro! She would certainly
have tho harder part of tho bargain. But how
could tho elective franchise affect this matter?
It imposes no obligation on the races to inter-
marry. It holds out no inducements to do it.
There is no possible relation between tho elect-
ive franchise and such intermarriage. It leaves
the two races, in that respect, precisely whore
they now are. Moreover, it creates no barrier
to the interposition of legislative prohibitions
against such intermarriage. Kvery State, I sup-
pose, has statutory provisions inhibiting the
marriage relation between persons within cer-
tain degrees of kindred. The same policy might
be observed in reference to these races, if
tho good of society should render it neces-
sary. On the question of illegitimate misce-
genation I need only refer to the ccnsus. The
southern mulatto furnishes a conclusive answer
to the aigumenton miscegenation. There has
been brutality in both races. But in propor-
tion as we shall elevate tho negro, and increase
his self-respcct by extending to hiin the rights
of man, these instincts and evidences of lech-
ery and brutality will disappear. In my judg-
ment, one of the most beneficial results of the
abolition of slavery will bo the decline of
miscegenation.
I come now to the examination of the par-
ticular provisions of the bill, and the amend-
ments proposed, under consideration, and to
the application thereto of the general princi-
ples regulating and defining the right of suf-
frage which I enunciated in the commence-
ment of my remarks. I ask for the reading
of my amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. WILLED. This amendment proposes
to classify the voters. I think it would be un-
just to depiive of this right any who have here-
tofore exercised it. The amendment extends
the right of suffrage to all who have been in
the service of the country during the rebellion
and have been honorably mustered out, whether
they can read or write or not, or whatever other
qualifications they may possess. Then the third
classification imposes the qualification of resi-
dence, payment of taxes, and ability to read
and write their names. Is there any valid ob-
jection to these restrictions'' I think not. There
is no exclusion or discrimination on account
of color; although, as I have shown, such ex-
clusion or discrimination might well be made,
if the welfare or safety of the community re-
quired it. But this bill secures -perfect equal-
