1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247T
The third section was read, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner o£ Internal Revenue is hereby authorized to
designate one or more places in each collection dis-
trict where an assessor or a,n assistant assessor and a
collector or deputy collector shall bo located, and
where cotton may be brought for the purpose of being
weighed and appropriately marked: Provided, ihat
it-shall be htwh.il forthe assessor or assistant assessor
and the collector or deputy collector to assess and
cause to bo properly marked the cotton wherever it
may be in said district, their necessary traveling
expenses to and from said designated place, for that
purpose, being paid by the owners thereof.
Mr. SHELLABAROrBR. I move to amend
that section l>y striking out in the seventh line
the words "lawful for" and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "the duty of." Also, by
inserting at the commencement of the tenth
line the word '' provided' and also by striking
out in the eleventh line the word "being,"
and inserting "be" in lieu thereof; so that it
will read :
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
hereby authorized to designate ono or more places in
each collection district where an assessor or an assist-
ant assessor and a collector or deputy collcctor shall
be located, and where cotton may ho brought for tilc
purpose of being weighed and appropriately marked:
Provided, That it shall be the duty of the assessor or
assistant assessor and the collector or deputy col-
lector to assess and cause to be properly marked the
cotton whereverit may be in said district: J'rovided,
Their necessary traveling expenses to and from said
designated place, for that purpose, bo paid by the
owners thereof.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fourth section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it .further enacted. That all cotton
having been weighed and marked as herein provhlod,
and for which permits shall have been duly obtained
of the assessor, maybe removed from the district in
whiohit has been produccdto any one other district,
without prepaymentof the tax duo thereon, upon tho
execution of such transportation bonds or other se-
curity, and in accordance with such regulations as
shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, subject to the approval of tho Secictary of
the Treasury. The said cotton so removed shall bo
delivered to the collector of internal revenue or his
deputy lorthwith upon its arrival at its point of des-
tination, and shall remain subject to his eontroluntil
the taxes thereon shall have been paid; but nothing
herein contained shall authorize any delay of the
payment of said taxes for more than ninety days from
the date of the permits; and when cotton shall have
been weighed and marked for which a permit shall
have been granted without prepayment oi the tax, it
shall be the duty of tho assessor granting such per-
mit to give immediate notice of such permit to the
coll ector of internal rovenue for the district to which
said cotton is to be transported, and he shall also
transmit therewith a statement of the taxes due
thereon, and of the bonds or other securities for the
payment thereof, and he shall make full returns and
statements of the same to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Itovcnue.
Mr. KASSON. It strikes me that there is
an omission in that, section to which I desire
to call the attention of the chairman of tho
Committee of Ways and Means. It provides
that the cotton shall remain under tlie control
of the collector or his deputy until "the taxes
thereon shall have been paid," but says noth-
ing of the necessary charges of its custody. I
move to insert after the word "thereon," in
the thirteenth line, the words "or any neces-
sary charges of custody thereof."
Tho amendment was agreed to. „
Mr. KASSON. I now move to^ strike opt
the word "one" where it occurs in the fifth
line, so that the section will read ;
That all cotton having been weighed and marked
as heroin provided, and for which permits khall have
been duly obtained of the assessor, may be removed
from the district in which it has been produced to
any other district, without prepayment ot the tax
due thereon, &c.
I would inquire if it was the intention of the
Committee of Ways and Means not to allow
move than one removal.
Mr. MORRILL. The design of the com-
mittee was to allow the cotton to be moved
from the place of production without prepay-
ment of tho tax to the port of destination,
whether it be Savannah, New York, or Boston.
Mr. KASSON. Let me say that an impor-
tant question is involved in this matter. It is
of very great importance, when you levy a tax
upon the raw material before it gets into con-
sumption, that you-allow the utmost freedom
of transit and changing of hands, so that tho
tax may be collected as near the point of con-
sumption as possible. This was the principle
settled by the former Committee of Ways and
Means on questions of this kind; and I am
very desirous that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means shall consent to
such liberty in the transactions of commerce
as would be involved in the authority to make
any number of changes of location under tho
security of bonds and under regulations to be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
This is a very heavy tax, and it is going to be
very inconvenient to commerce unless you, as
far as possible, emancipate commerce from
unnecessary restrictions; and as the cotton
cannot bo removed from the district until a
.permit is given, let there be free transit from
one point to another in the district.
Mr. MORRILL. I think if tho gentleman
will read tho section he will see that the party
may move the cotton to any other district upon
giving the proper bonds or other security.
Mr. KASSON. There maybe one removal.
I want more than that.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Section five was thou read, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it. further enacted. That it shall be
unlawful from and after tho 1st day of September,
18ti6. for the owner, master, supercargo, agent, or
other person having charge of any vossol, or for any
railroad company, or other transportation company,
or for any common carrier, or other person, to con-
vey, or attempt to convey, or tiansport any cotton
—thegroivth orproduce of the United States—to any
point out of the district in which it shall have been
produced, unless each balo or package thereof shall
have attached to or accompanying it tho proper
mark or evidence of the payment of the revenue
tax and a permit of the Collector for such removal,
or the permit of tho assessor, as hereinbefoi e pio-
vided, under regulations of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, subject to the approval of tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury. And any person or persons
who shall violate the provisions of this aet in this
respect shall be liable to a penalty of S100 for each
bale of cotton so conveyed or transported, or at-
tempted to 1)0 conveyed or ti a,n.-poi ted, or to impns-
onment for not more than one year, or both ; and all
vessels and vehicles employed in sueli conveyance or
transportation shall be liable to seizure and forfeiture
by proceedings in any court of the United States
having competent jurisdiction, And all cotton so
shipped or attempted to be shipped or transported
beyond the collection district in which iL was pro-
duced, without payment of the tax. or the execution
of such transportation bonds and other security, as
provided ill this act, shall be forfeited to the United
States, and the proceeds thereof distributed accord-
ing to the statuto in like cases provided.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend this section by striking out after the
words " United States," where they first occur,
the words " to any point out of," and inserting
the words "from any point in;" so that that
portion of the section will read, '' transport any
cotton, the growth or produce of the United
States, from any point in the district in which
it shall have been produced," &c.
And I also move to amend by inserting after
the words " subject to the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury," the following;
Sor to convoy or transport any cotton from any
State, in which cotton is produced, to any port or
place within the United States without a certificate
from the collector of internal revenue of the district
from which it was brought, and such other evidence
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, that
the tax has been paid thereon : and such certificate
and evidenoo as aforesaid shall be furnished to the
collector of the district to which it is transported,
and his permit obtained before landing, discharging,
or delivering such cotton at the place to which itis
transported as aforesaid.
As the section now stands, without this
amendment, no railroad company, or common
carrier, or any party could transport cotton in
any part of the United States without having a
permit from tho collector of the district from
which the cotton is taken, to make the trans-
portation. We have provided in the previous
sections for the tax on the cotton being paid
before it is shipped from the State whore the
cotton is produced. When that shipment is
made, this amendment proposes that evidence
shall be had that the tax has been duly paid
before the shipment was made. My object is
that when the cotton arrives at New York, or
Boston, or Cincinnati, the transportation of it
shall be free like that of any other article ; that
the railroad that conveys it shall not be respon-
sible for the- foot that the tax has not been paid
upon it.
I believe this amendment .has the sanction
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not quite sure that I
fully understand tho amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.] ■ I
will ask tho gentleman if his amendment will
cut off the right of transporting eotton in bond
from one port to another.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
has been no power given by tho previous sec-
tions to transport from ono port to another.
The power given in section four is to transport
from the district where the cotton is produced
to anyone other district, meaning to cover the
district from whence the cotton is shipped.
For instance, cotton produced anywhere in
Alabama or Louisiana may be sent from the
district where it is produced to the port of New
Orleans, from which it is usually shipped, and
the tax on the cotton can be paid at New
Orleans.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire of
the gentleman if the latter part of section five
does not provide that this transportation may
be in bond. The amendment which tho gen-
tleman proposes requires the tax to be paid
before any person can transport eotton from
the district.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. From
the district where it is produced.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir; from the
district where it is produced. I understand
that, under the fourth section cotton raised in
Tennessee may be transported to Charleston,
South Carolina, in bond, and tho tax there
paid. But under tho amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. llooruii] tho
tax must bo paid before the sliipmentis made.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, t beg the
gentleman's pardon. The amendment allows
tho shipment to be made from Tennessee to
Charleston. But it is confined to one district,
tho district of Charleston. There the duty
must be paid. When it is shipped from Charles-
ton to go to the North, to New York for ex-
ample, a permit or certificate from the collector
at Charleston must be obtained, and shown to
the collector at New York to satisfy him that
the tax on this cotton had been paid when it
was shipped from Charleston. Then the col-
lector at New York gives his permit to land it,
and after that it is free to be transported any-
where, without imposing upon the railroad,
the wagons, or'the vessel the trouble of ascer-
taining that the tax has been paid.
Mr. KASSON. Let me ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether it will not be neces-
sary in that case to make nrovision for prop-
erly stamping or certifying the bale as free. We
have these other provisions requiring that it«
shall be verified as liable to tax ; and now the
gentleman proposes that at a certain time it
shall bo discharged from that liability. But in
tho same market there will be other bales which
will be liable to tax; and how will the discrim-
ination be made after the cotton once leaves
the ship?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In reply
to that question, I beg to call the gentleman's
attention to the fact that all the cotton has to
be inspected and marked when the tax is paid,
or before it is paid. My object is to provide
for what actually occurs, that in handling these
bales in the course of the different shipments
these marks become erased. What 1 propose
is that, after the cotton arrives at New York or
elsewhere in the North, it shall be assumed
that tho tax lias been paid although the cotton
may not have these marks upon it.
I am told that now, by the regulation, every
bale of cotton must have attached to it a lag
showing that tho tax has been paid. But in
point of fact those tags get destroyed in^ the
course of the handling and shipment ot the
article. If you should examine the cotton in
the factories of New England you would find
that nine bales out of ten were without tags,
or any other evidence that the tax had been
paid. Under the bill, as it reads without the
