1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
Mr. McKEE. The gentlemen upon that side
of the House have been calling out every day
since the opening of this session that peace has
now been restored to our land. Not a member
on that side opens his mouth without giving
•utterance to the statement that peace is now
restored to our land. Well, now that peace
has come, let us go to work, in the language of
my colleague, and amend the Constitution, so
as to render this peace secure and enduring.
Like statesmen let us proceed in our work, and
strike out from the Constitution a provision
which now has no appropriate place there, in
consequence of the changed condition of cir-
cum stances
Mr. GRIDER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. McKBlE. I will hear another question
when my colleague shall have answered that
which I have already propounded—whether he
indorsed that vote of the Kentucky delegation?
Mr. GRIDER. I have indorsed nothing that
happened before the rebellion commenced,
[laughter,] because I was not in political life.
I have stated my position fairly and distinctly;
and now, if my colleague will permit me to ask
him a question, I shall be obliged to him.
Mr. McKEE. I decline to yield unless the
gentleman answers my question.
Mr. GRIDER. I will answer it. But let
me first ask him a question.
If peace has come at last, and now is the
time to commence the amendment of the Con-
stitution, why does he not let the whole of the
States be represented, and to have a say in
reference to those amendments.
Mr. McKEE. I am satisfied I have the gen-
tleman exactly where I want him. [Laughter. ]
I am arguing from his position, and from the
basis of gentlemen on that side of the House,
that peace reigns. I occupy no such position ;
I do not think that peace reigns except by the
armed power which enforces it. And while I
hold that doctrine, I think that it is the right
and duty of the men who have been sent up
here to represent those who have stood by the
Government in its darkest hour to make all
needful laws, and e\ en constitutional amend-
ments, to keep a lebellious people in peace
and security hereafter.
So far, Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman's ques-
tion goes, why I do not allow those States to
come back and be participants upon this floor,
I will say that they have not shown a loyal
spirit to justify it. Tell me that the men down
in the rebel States are loyal to the Government!
Tell me that they are in a condition to come
here and legislate for the benefit and good of
this whole Union ! Tell me that they are the
men to legislate for the widows of soldiers,
and for the soldiers who have been maimed for
life! Tell me that they are fit to legislate for
the great people who stood by the country! Do
ive not know that these lately rebellious States
have elected and put into the highest offices
men who are the most odious traitors? Do we
not know that they are knocking at the doors
of this Hall and asking for the admittance of
men upon these floors whose hands are reeking
with the blood of slain loyalists? I want none
of them. I want none but loyal, brave men.
Let them send to this House men who, under
the most trying circumstances, stood by the
country. Let them know in those States they
must select men who never .went into the re-
bellion. Let us have none here who committed
treason. Let them place the power of the States
in the hands of loyal, brave men, and reject
these odious traitors, and I will bo ready to
receive them, but not until then.
Mr. GRIDER. How are you going to dis-
criminate against such men as Maynard of Ten-
nessee, and the men from Tennessee, "V irginia,
Louisiana, and other States, which States were
represented here pending th'e rebellion?
Mr. McKEE. I will make a discrimination
for myself; I do not do it for anybody else. _ I
speak on my own responsibility. 1 will say in
regard to the gentleman from Tennessee, who is
seeking to be admitted to all the rights and
privileges ol tins iloor, that 1 believe Inm and
others to be loyal men; but in two thirds of Ten-
nessee I do not see a loyal people. J do not
want to separate Tennessee. I do not think she
wants to be divided. I do not want to separate
East from West Tennessee ; but I do wish to
give a wholesome lesson so as to make the State
in every part of it loyal. I should like to aid
those gentlemen who periled their lives in Ten-
nessee in defense of the country. I am disposed
to see them come in.
Now I will ask my colleague a question. He
desires the return of these States. Now, would
he vote to receive the Representatives sent here
from the State of South Carolina? Would he
do it to-day?
Mr. GRIDER. Whenever any representa-
tion from any State reorganised, on the sug-
gestion, as I understand, of the President, advi-
satory in its nature, under the apportionment
we passed pending the rebellion 
Mr. GARFIELD. Make him say yes or no
about South Carolina.
Mr. GRIDER. 1 will take care of that with-
out the gentleman's suggestion. I am one of
those who are not afraid to say what they think.
[Laughter.]
Now, let me answer my colleague. The Pres-
ident having in an advisatory manner recom-
mended the reconstruction of those States, if
they come here, embracing South Carolina,
under the apportionment bill fixing representa-
tion at the time the rebellion was raging lor all
the States—if Representatives came here and
presented credentials that they were regularly
elected, I say that we have no authority to ex-
clude them from this Hall. If tliev are un-
worthy members, if they are what the gentle-
man says, rebels and traitors, and ought to be
hung, when you get them here and have juris-
diction over them you might do what you please
with them, fLaughter.]
Mr. McKEE. I decline to yield any further.
Mr. GRIDER. Let me finish my sentence.
Mr. McKEE. I am disposed to be very
courteous.
Mr. ELDRIDOE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order. The gentlemen on the. other
side seem to be answering the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Gitmrm.] by laughing. Is that
in order?
Mr. GRIDER. I have no objection to gen-
tlemen amusing themselves by laughing as loud
as they please, so that they do not laugh while I
am speaking. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will restrain
gentlemen from applauding or exhibiting dis-
turbance, but he certainly cannot prevent them
from laughing. That is beyond the power of
the Chair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order for gentle-
men to laugh so as to disturb gentlemen on the
floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
proper; but he certainly has not the power to
prevent gentlemen from laughing.
Mr. GRIDER. I am sorry the point has
been made. I am willing the gentlemen should
laugh on the other side of the House, but I
think they had better be weeping than laughing.
Now, sir, I will answer the gentleman's ques- j
tion whether I would admit South Carolina's
members. I will act in my own official capacity :
here upon the credentials that are placed before j
me, if they are regular, from every State in this j
Union, where that State has, according to the
advisatory admonitions of the Executive of this i
Government, organized its State government
and sent Representatives here. And I will risk
the authority of this House and this country to
manage them 'when they get here, if thev are
not right. [Laughter.]
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, I am exceed-
ingly sorry my colleague does not answer the .
question, yes or no. He seems not to have j
learned that in Kentucky. In our State, we ;
have always considered that other way of an-
swering as peculiar to Yankees. The answers of ;j
my colleague to the interrogatories propounded |i
to him by me woukl indicate that he belongs ;l
to that part of the country. I only hope he may 'j
advance and carry out the position he has put ■;
himself in the House, in replying in that way to
the questions, by going oil until he gets com-
pletely Yankeeized.
tlemen on the other side of the House ignore
altogether the great principles upon which our
Government is founded, namely, that we are a
Government by the people. They are afraid to
trust the people on this great question which
properly belongs to them—the amending of the
Constitution. They dislike to put the subject
before them. It shows a lack of confidence in
the people. I have always been willing to trust
the people of this country, and I am not afraid
to put this issue before them now. I believe it
best for'the future security, peace, and happi-
ness, that it should go to them. And in their
wisdom and majesty let them act npon it.
Gentlemen taika great deal about usurpation.
Who is it that makes these usurpations? It is
the Representatives in this Hall who are sim-
ply the exponents of the people at home, and
when the people indorse our action, where is
the usurpation? I am not afraid. The people
will take care of that. Now, sir, why delay
action? Why stop to inquire? Why beseech
these men. who voluntarily left the Capitol, to
come back here and aid us in fixing np and
restoring the country ? I believe that all men
agree in this, that the great fabric of our in-
stitutions has been shaken. We have set out
on a voyage, we have sailed smoothly, peace-
fully, quietly along the sea of progress. At last
a great wave has swept over our ship and shaken
some of her timbers, but, thank God, it has not
destroyed her. Now what is the part of wisdom?
What is the duty of the men who manage the
ship of state? To trim her sails anew, and
repair her weak points for the purpose of devel-
oping her strength, so as to be prepared for all
future emergencies.
Mr. Speaker, I take this proposition that
comes from the committee on reconstruction
simply and onlyupouthatbasis; beli'-vingthatit
is the best thing, under all the circumstances,
that we can do for the land at present; "believ-
ing that it will be a more certain guarantee of
peace, happiness, and security to our land that
we are likely to get; and believing that it will
do more than any measure we can secure to
keep down the tiaitor power, and leave their
influence in the councils of the nation too
small to be felt.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
to-morrow, by older of the House, is to be de-
voted to making speeches on the President's
message in Committee of the Whole, and no
other business; and as it is necessary that the
Chair should be absent, he will ask the gentle-
man from Illinois. [Mr. Vv Asmu'r.XE,] who is
chairman of the Committee of the Whole upon
the President's annual message, to take the
chair to-morrow as Speaker pro tempore.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, when this discus-
sion commenced, it was not my purpose to take
any part in it at all, and I do not now desire to
be heard at length upon the main question now
before the House; but, sir, there have been in-
volved inthisdiscussion some questions inciden-
tally connected with the main question which,
in my judgment, present considerations of im-
portance quite equal, if not superior, to that of
the main question itself, and it is mainly upon
one or two of those questions that I desire, for
a short time, the attention of the House.
I hold, Mr. Speaker, that some of the great-
est dangers that surround free institutions, and
some of the greatest dangers that lie in the path-
way of the prosperity and happiness, the de-
velopment and glory of our country, do not come
in the shape of direct and tangible propositions;
they do not come in direct and clear attacks,
with uncovered hand and uncovered purpose,
upon the policy or institutions of the country;
but they come under the specious covering of
construction, of constitutional interpretation;
they come under the gui^e of attempts on the
part of those administering the Government to
give to the Constitution a new meaning or inter-
pretation.
