1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
of the power to be conferred upon the national Govern-
ment. Its authority would be expressly restricted
to the regulation of the times, the place?, and the
manner oi elections. Thequnlificationsoflhepersons
who lTifiv choose or be chosen, a? has been remarked
upon another occasion, are defined and lixod in the
Constitution; and are unalterable by the Legislature"
[of the Union.]
These views in reference to the history and
just interpretation of that provision are substan-
tially concurred in by Mr. Duer, in his Lectures
on Constitutional Jurisprudence, and by Mr.
Curtis, in the work to which I have already re-
ferred, the History of the Constituiion.
Now, 1 do'-dre very briefly to direct the atten-
tion of the House to some additional testimony
on this subject derived from the proceedings of
the Convention itself, as reported by .lames
Madison. I propose from them to show that
the interpretation for which I contend is the
only true oue, the only one of which the pro-
vision is fairly susceptible,. and the only one
which ever for a Mngle instant entered the minds
or controlled the action of the framers of the
Constitution.
I invite attention now to what is called the
fifth volume of Elliott's Debates. It is really
the debates of the constitutional Convention,
prepared by Mr. Madison. While the subject
was under discussion on the 2-ltli day of July,
1787, the following proceedings were had:
"Mr. Gouverxeur Morris moved to strike out the
last member oi the section, beginning with the v.'ords
'qualifications of electors,' in order that «ome other
provision uihrht be substituted which would reptram
the rudit ot sutfiw'-ce to freeholder,-5.
"Mr. Yi rzsiMMoxs seconded the motion.
"Mr. Willi vmson wa« opposed to it."
He was followed by Mr. Wilson, afterward
one of the justices of the Supreme Court, ap-
pointed by Washington:
"Mr. Wilson. Tin* paitof the report was well
considered bv the committee, and be did not think it
could be changed lor the better. It was difficult to
form any nniiona rule of qualifications for all the
States. Unnecessary innovations, he thought, too,
should be avoided. It would be very liaid and disa-
greeable torlhe same persons, at the same time, to
vote i'or Ilepi e^entatives in the State Legislature, and
to be excluded Irom a vote for these in the national
Legislature.
" Mr. UorvERNTrn Morris. Such ahardship would
bo neither err eat nor novel. The people are accus-
tomed to it, and not dissatisfied with it, iu sevcial of
the Krute-3. la some, the qualifications are different
for the choice oi (rovemor and of the Representa-
tives: mutherMm different house© of the Lcprishiture.
Attoiher (<> thr rlnv.^r as it nt>niJx if, that tt
thr> avuhrrat-mnt of the national Lcaidaturo de-
pend on the will <>j the State?, winch he thought not
prop'
Then we have Mr. Ellsworth, afterward the
second Chief Justice of the Supreme Court ol
the United States:
"Mr. Ellsworth thought the qualifications of the
dec t tun >U>'- d on the most proper footing. The riylit
of «utii a"o vra- a tend-'r j'ohit, and strongly puaided
bymo.-t of the St.'.lo con titutinn*. The people will
not readily subscribe to the national Constitution, it
it should -Aib'ect them to be dMranchised. The States
nro tlir best judge* of the circumstances ami temper
of their own people."
Some remarks were made by Colonel Mason,
who was a distinguished member ot the Con-
vention from Virginia. After several other dis-
tinguished members had expressed their views,
and all in entire harmony with the views of
Story and Hamilton, which lhave quoted, James
Madison, as reported by himself, used the fol-
lowing language:
"Therightofs-uifrageiscertamly one ofthe funda-
mental artide.- of republican Government, and ought
not to bo left to be regulated by the Legislature'' [of
tho tmon.]
The illustrious Dr. Franklin, a member of
the Convention, in some characteristic remarks,
oppo>ed the motion of Mr. Morris, and gave
the weight of his great influence to retain the
provision as reported by the committee and as
explained in the preceding discussion. In the
same connection, I refer to the remarks of
■George Nicholas in the convention of Vir-
ginia. They are to be found in the third vol-
ume of Elliott's Debates, page 41:
"I will consider it first, then, as to the qualifica-
tionsof the electors. The bcstwritefson go\ eminent
agree that m a republic those lawswhien nx tncrignt
of suffrage are fundamental; if, therefore, by the pro-
no-ei' plan it is left uncertain in whom the ngnr. ot
' suffrage is to rest, or if it has placed that right in im-
proper hands, I shall admit that it is a radical detcet;
out in this plan there is a fixed rule tor determining
the qualification? of electors, and that rule the most !
judicious that could possibly have been devised, be- j
caifoc it reti-rsto a criterion which cannot be changed. <
A quali3n.ali.on th::t yiveo a vijht to elect Ucm-crcnta- !
tives for the fcftate Legislatures £?i\ e-iaho by this Con- •
stitutioo a mht to choose ltepreMMitatives for the :
(j-eneial Government. A-> tho qualilicauoii!- of elect- 1
ors are different in the different Suites no particular 1
qualiiieations, uniforinthrough the State;, wouldhave
been politic, as it would have caused a great inequal-
ity in the clcctoia, resulting from the situation and
circumstances of the respective Stater. Uniformity
of qualifications would creatly affect the yeomanry in
the States, as it would either exclude irom this inhe-
rent right some who are entitled to it by the laws of
some State? at present, or be extended so universally
as to deleat the admirable end of the institution of
representation."
On a subsequent day. when the same pro-
vision was under consideration, Mr. Madison
again expressed his views. I should not be
disposed to refer to him again, but the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mi\ Kel-
i„ey, ] in his reply to the points so well made by
tlic honorable* genlleman lrorn Iowa [Mr. Kas-
rox] the other day, quoted in defense of his
own theory the remarks of Mr. Madison on the
latter occasion. In ordcrtoshow the entire con-
sistency of those views with Mr. Madison's
more deliberately expressed opinion in the
Federalist, I will incorporate a part of them
into my argument.
Mr. Madison reports himself as saving:
"The necc^ity of a General Government puppo^es
that the State Legislatures will sometimes fail or ro-
lu-.o to eon-uit the common internet at thr expend of
their local convenience or prejudice^. The policy of
referring* the appointment of the House ot .Represent-
atives to the peo-de, and nottothe Legislature'? of the
States, that the result will be somewhat in-
fluenced by the mode. This view of the question
seems to decide that the Legislatures of the States
ous?ht not to have the uncontrolled right of regulating
the times, plaecs, and manner of holding elections.
Thc.-c were word* of great latitude. It was impossi-
ble to foresee all the abuses that might be made of
the discreiioTiaiy power."
Now I invite attention at 1 his point to the
obvious construction that was put by Mr. Mad-
ison upon these words, " the times, the places,
and the manner of holding (-lections/' And it
is clearly inferable, from what he says, that he
understood these things to relate, not to the
qualifications of electors, but to various circum-
stances connected with the holding of elections,
not embracing the quahiicauons ol electors at
all. He says lurther:
"Whether the electors should vote by ballot or viva
vocr, should assemble at this place or I hat place,
should be divided into disfrinK, nv ^ meet ot one
plac\ >h' nld all vote for all the Representatives, or
all m a di-triH vote for a member allotted lo the dis-
tant. <hr*e and many other points would depend on
the Lesidaiures. and micht malenallv affect the ap-
pointments. Whenevei the State Leiri.datures had a
iavorrie measure to cari\, ihoy would 1 she cai<; so to
mold thru* lefulaiions us to f.tver the <.\ti;d;dal( <
thrv wi-hed to sw rjed.
" J3esid'\s the me.juaiity of reprint at i«n m toe
Le^islatuies of paiiuular State- would pi >duuc a
like inequalityiiith«;ir io?«rrsrntation iu the national
LeffMatui*.; audi! was prc-amabl--tliatthe counties
having the power in the iouuei cast-, would secure it
to thrniwelveb' in thr latter.
"What danger would there be in giving a control-
ling power to thr national Legislature ? Of whom was
it toeonsi>tV Fir-t., of a Senate, to be chosen bv the
State Legislatures. It the latter, thcreh>re, could be
trusted, their Reore<entatives could not be daugcr-
ous. Secondly, of llepicseutatives elected by the
same people who el^ct the Stale LecKhi hires. iSurelj'
then, if conlidenee is due to the latter, ir must be due
to the former. It seems as improper in princude,
though it might be less inconvenient in practice^ to
give to the State Lesi-la!ures thr-- crivat authority
over the election of the Representatives' oi tac peo-
ple in the general Le^islatiue, as i' wniud be to i-'iyc
to the latter a like )>ower over the election oi their
Representatives in the State Legislature.'
It sliould be borne in mind that the qualifi-
cations of electors for members of Congress and
Stale officers were, at the time ot the formation
of our Constitution, fixed in every State, in the
constitution of the State, and were not subject
to control or modification by the State Legis-
latures. Ail the State Legislatures could do
could only consist in laws regulating the times,
places, and manner of holding the elections.
Lest they should in any contingency, or for any
purpose or causes, fail to regulate these mat
ters with reference to the election of Congress-
men, it was thought necessary to give to Con-
gress ihc power to regulate them, so that ii
might prevent an entire failure of representa-
tion from any State. It is, therefore, no doubt
competent for Congress to prescribe by law
when the congressional elections shall be held"
in all the States, and at what places they shall
be held, and hi whnt manner they shall be held;
that is, whether the people of a whole State
shall all vote for the number of Congressmen
to which that State is entitled, or the State be
divided into districts, and the people of each
district vote for one member only. But Con-
gress has no power to prescribe by law who
shall vote, or what shall constitute the qualifi-
cations of a voter for a member of Congress.
Nor has it any power to dictatc whm or where
or how elections shall be held for officers of the
State government, or who shall vote at them.
Now^I have cited or referred to every known
expression of opinion on this subject'by any
American statesman, publicist, ot jurist of dis-
tinction, and shown that they all, with a unan-
imity almost, unparalleled, concur in the same
interpretation of the power of Congress under
the provision in question. The practice of the
Government, without a single example to the
contrary, sustains the same construction. Such
an extent of power on this subject over the
States as is now claimed for Congress, if it bad
been asserted by any party prior to our late most
deplorable rebellion, would have convulsed the
nation to its cxtremest boundaries with excite-
ment and apprehension. It would have been
more than sufficient, if avowed in the constitu-
tional Convention, to have defeated forever the
adoption of the Constitution by the people of
the States. It will be sufficient now, if con-
ceded to exist, to subvert the great principle of
local self-government, which is the chicf bul-
wark of our liberties.
Against the array of authorities to which I
have referred in vindication of this great prin-
ciple, agninst the absorbing power of Congress,
what authority is produced? Not one clear,
direct, or unequivocal authority in the whole
range of American statesmanship or history
can be found to the contrary. The honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr. Keltey,]
with the aid of lite great legal and general learn-
ing. can sustain his portion by nothing better
than the following from -> Elliott's Debates,
page 3-14, which is attributed to Mr. Madison:
'■ Witil. rc^poot to tb.o ether point, it was thought
that the regulation of the time, place, and manner of
electingJleprefontatives should be uniform through-
out the continent. Some States iniflit regulate tho
elrohons fm the principles of equality, and others
miffht lecnlatethem otbem ise. This diversity would
be ob\ iously unjust. Elections :ue regulated now
unequally in some States, particularly in South Car-
olina, with respect to Charleston, which has a repre-
sentation ot thirty members. Should the people of
any State by any means be deprived of the light of
smfraic, it was ju'lralpioper that it should be reme-
died by the General Government. It was found ira-
po-.-ihic to fix the time, place, and manner of the elec-
lion ot Representatives in the Constitution. It was
found necessary to leave the regulation of this, in the
find; place, to theStateKovernmcms.asbeingbcstac-
qu.tinted with the situation of the people, subjoct to
the control of the Genera! Government, in older to
enable it to produce uniformity and prevent its own
dissolution. And consideiing the State government
and General Government as distinct bodies, noting in
different and independent capacities for the people,
it wa« thought the particular regulations should be
submitted to tho former and tho general regulations
to the latter. Were they exclusively under the con-
trol of the State governments the General Government
mi"ht easily be dissoh ed. J3ut if they be regulated
properly by (lie State Legislatures, the congressional
| control will very probably never be exercised, iho
I power appears to mo satisfactoiy ami as unlikely to
; be abused as any part ol'the Constitution."
| This language is said to have been used by
I Mr. Madison in the Virginia convention of
1788, for tho ratification of the Constitution of
the United States, al a time when tho provision
in question was under consideration iu that
body.
But let it be remembered that this extract is
not the language of Mr. Madison, was not re-
ported by him, and has never had his approval.
It is merely an attempt liv some one to give the
substance'of what he said on the occasion re-
ferred to. It was not taken down by an official
reporter, in tho lansnage of Mr. Elliott him-
self, "if was collected and revved from con-
temporaneous publications," long years after it
was spoken, perhaps from some loose newspa-
per report made at tho time, and was pub-
lished, I believe, in 1827. It bears intrinsic
