1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3439
passed from the volume of prophecy into the
bloodiest chapter of actual history in the book
of time. Slavery has been abolished, not by
the will or the wisdom of man, but by the folly
of its friends and the providence of God. Shall
we superinduce a repetition of the sanguinary
history of the last five years in another form?
Shall we lay the foundation of another insur-
rection? I think I may confidently anticipate
increasing agitation in this Hall, and in all the
councils of the country, and through every
avenue reaching the public mind until the po-
litical enfranchisement of the negro in this
District is accomplished. "The tide has set
that way." It may ebb, but it will flow again
as ceaseless as the sea. For the sake of the
public peace, therefore; to avoid a conflict as
irrepressible as that through which we have
passed; to prevent the sorrows and desolations
of another civil war; to complete the harmony
and symmetry of our political system, and rec-
oncile the logical demands of our cherished
principles of civil and political liberty by ex-
hibiting a practical recognition of the Decla-
ration of Independence, let the experiment be
made. Our race can well afford to make it.
Itimperils none of our rights. It curtails none
of our privileges or power. I cannot appeal
to our fears, but it does challenge our mag-
nanimity. If it fail, then the strife will be
ended and the question forever settled. If it
succeed, who is there so basely recreant to
the high behests of his own humanity as to say
he would not rejoice?
Sir, we are admonished against the radical-
ism of the times. Perhaps there is some ne-
cessity for the admonition. But let us not be
so cautious as to err in the opposite direction.
This is an ago of progress—progress of ideas,
of science, of philosophy, of civilization, of
law, of liberty. The truth dors not change;
the fundamental principles of government as
proclaimed by our lathers may not change;
but their application may bo made more com-
plete. It would be unwise, it would be ludi-
crous, to stand still, steadfastly adhering to
the same policies and measure-: which were
appropriate to the radically different condition
of affairs existing a century ago. Slavery is
abolished. It is forever prohibited by our or-
ganic law. Shall our feelings, our prejudice,
our policy, our laws relating to the fiecdman
be the same now as when he was a slave?
" Tompora mutantur, ct nos in ill is mutamur."
The only worthy interpretation of the tre-
mendous conflict which has just convulsed the
nation, but which has been crowned with such
resplendent victory, is progress—progress es-
pecially in the principles of human freedom.
Let us not refuse the providential hand ex-
tended to lead us onward and upward toward
a more exalted destiny. The great rebellion
proclaimed that slavery was to be the chief
corner-stone of its treasonable organization.
And thus it was a revolt not only against, legit-
imate human authority, but itwasalso a rebel-
lion against the law of God. The result is
announced by a fundamental decree of univer-
sal emancipation. This revolution will not
stop there. It lias awakened a spirit that will
never slumber again until all laws and all
statesmen shall recognize the authority of the
heavenly precept uttered by the diviile Law-
giver on the mount more than eighteen hun-
dred years ago in tones which, however gentle
and sweet, have sounded along down through
the successive centuries, commanding an eager
responsive echo from every libeial human
heart: :' Lheref'ore, all things whatsoever ye
would that men should do to you, do ye even
so to them;'' which was republished, in effect,
by the great apostle in the midst of Mars hill:
'•And hath made of one blood all nations of
men for to dwell on the face o£ the earth
and which, at last, was essentially incorporated
into the great national charter of American
independence at Philadelphia. In America
this Christian principle of humanity and free-
dom first received a legal definition and found
a practical political recognition. In America
let it have its complete, final, and glorious
consummation.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business. This will come up as the unfin-
ished business to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business the doors wore reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 27, 18CG.
The House mot at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE CU YAHOO A.
Mr. 13GGLESTON. At the request of my
colleague, [Mr. Si'ai/nixo,] who is absent, I
move to take from the Speaker's table joint
resolution (S. No. Hi!) for the construction of
a railroad bridge across the Cuyahoga river
over and upon the Government piers at Cleve-
land, Ohio.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. EGGLESTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lMlINTlXG OF A KlIPOItT.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on
Printing, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and jigroed (o:
Umulotd, That there be printed twenty-live hun-
dred extra conic** of i eport No. GO, of the 1 [ou.se Com-
mittee on Public; Lands, on the subject of the sale of
mmeial hinds, fifteen hundred for said coimnitLeu
and one thousand for the mombers ol this House.
UNION j'ACIFIC RAILROAD, ft YS'J'EUN DIVISION*.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I ask leave to in-
troduce a joint resolution explanatory of an
act entitled au act to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph lino from the Missouri river (o the Pa-
cific ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for poslal, militaiv, and other
pui poses,' approved .July 1, 1801V' approved
July 2, 18G1.
It refers to the bill passed yesterday, and [
have prepared it in exact pursuance of the
amendment which I proposed to the bill yes-
terday, and which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [ Mr. Sti'VEXs] said would not be ob-
jected to. inasmuch as it contained precisely
what he stated to be the true construction of
the bill then passed.
Mr. STEVENS. Is that the road that
begins at Kansas City and runs west?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is the explan-
atory bill of which I gave notice yesterday.
Mr. STEVENS. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I think the bill better lie printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Let it bo read.
The bill was road at length. It provides
that nothing contained in the act described in
the title of this act shall be so construed as fo
enlarge Ihe giant of land made to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, eastern division, by
the acts of July 1. 1 HC_?, and of July 2, 1804;
nor to cntiile said company to any greater
amount of bonds of the United States than it
would have been entiiled to receive on the con-
struction of its road from the mouth of the
Kansas river to the point of junction with the
Union Pacific railroad on the one hundredth
meridian of longitude, as indicated by the map
heretofore filed by said company in the Inte-
rior Department; nor in any manner to inter-
fere with the right of this Union Pacific Rail-
road Company to receive the bonds of the
United States provided for in said acts of July
1, 1862, and July 2, 188-1, to aid in the con-
struction of the road and telegraph line of said
last-mentioned company on its entire line from
Omaha to the point where it may meet and
join the road of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, of California.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] desires to put
this bill on its passage now ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir ; I do so
desire.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I must object, because
it is a long bill, and contains things which 1 do
not understand.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Before the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] seeks
to enforce his objection I desire to say one
word in explanation of this bill. I have pre-
pared this bill in accordance with the state-
ment made yesterday by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in the debate on the. bill which
was passed amending the Pacific railroad act.
My bill differs in no respect from the construc-
tion given yesterday to that bill by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. It is drawn in precise
accord with what that gentleman stated he
would be willing to have passed in a separate
bill, explanatory of the bill passed yesterday,
so as to prevent the construction being placed
upon itwhich 1 stated I feared would be placed
upon it. It docs not change in any particu-
lar the statement of construction made by the
gentleman to the [louse.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would inquire of the, gen-
tleman from Iowa if this bill contains the
amendment which he proposed yesterday.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It contains the
amendment I offered yesterday with a modifi-
cation, which modification relates to the land
grant. The amendment I offered yesterday  
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson*] that ho
had better not waste time now in discussing the
merits of this bill. I think this bill had better
lie printed and go upon the docket, so that wo
can examine it thoroughly, as my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will object to any-
thing short of that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will say, in reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
ven's,] in the language which he used yester-
day concerning his bill, "That would be send-
ing it to its grave." Now, I wish to explain
the difference between this bill and the amend-
ment 1 offered yesterday.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's]
if ho has forgotten what he said yesterday.
Mr. STEVENS. Not a word.
Mr. I) AWES. Then the gentleman delib-
erately departs from what he yesterday pledged
himself to do.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; and the gentle-
man rejected my offer and put this matter upon
a fair issue, which has been decided.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman's offer was
not that we should vote for his measure; but
lie said if that bill passed ho would help us put
through an explanatory act.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 said if the gentlemen
would withdraw their opposition I would go
for such a bill. But the gentlemen refused to
do that, ana placed their question upon the
cast of the die.
Mr. DAWES. Then I understand the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. StevexsJ to
oppose this explanatory act, -which yesterday
he said he would be willing to vote for, simply
because we voted against his bill.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; but I do not feel
myself bound to accept this proposition, be-
cause gentlemen did not accept the offer I
made them. But I have said that if this bill
is reported and printed I will oxamine it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to state the
difference between the bill I now propose and
the amendment which I offered yesterday. In
the first clause of the amendment which I pro-
posed yesterday it was provided that no mia-
