1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
;24?9
engines which in Europe do the work of twenty
million men should be planted all over this
country to do the work here, so as to increase
still further the necessity for laboring men and
augment their wages.
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] says
that he wants to see the provision so fixed as
to favor the poor men who are clothed in cot-
ton. Who makes the cotton? Who manufac-
tures it? Is it not the poor man? Why not
so arrange it that you can raise his wages?
You can do it by increasing the manufacturing
interests of this country. When you have done
that, when you have given the laborer his
wages, he can afford to pay for what he con-
sumes, and when you have done that you will
double the price of the products of Wisconsin
and Illinois ; you will have a market at home
for your products and not have to send them
abroad to feed the laborer of Europe. But 1
do not despair of seeing the constitutional
amendment allowing an export duty on cotton
passed before the close of the session ; if my
friend from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will only
report it back, I am sure we shall pass it, and
that the country will approve it, and then our
country will become the great hive of manu-
facturing industry for all the civilized nations
of the world this side of the Indies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move pro forma to
strike out all after the word "drawback" in
the third line and insert in lieu thereof '' one
half cent per pound." I do it merely for the
purpose of submitting a remark or two in re-
gard to the. subject of taxation upon cotton.
I am opposed on principle to the whole tax;
at least I think if there is any at all, it should
be very small in amount. And it is for this
reason : in raising revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, we should endeavor, as far as possi-
ble, to impose the burdens of the Government
upon the wealthy, and not upon the poor.
The effect of this tax upon cotton is mani-
festly to shift the burdens of the Government
from the rich to the poor. The cotton fabrics
of the country are consumed almost exclu-
sively—the heavy articles especially—by the
laboring white men of the country, and by the
poor freedmen. By reducing the tax upon
incomes, and increasing it upon cotton, you
are shifting the burdens of the Government
from the rich to the poor, and putting the tax
directly upon the poor men of the country
which ought to be imposed upon the wealthy
men of the country.
This tax upon cotton will not be felt by the
wealthy monopolist whose family are clothed
in silks and satins, and in expensive imported
goods from foreign countries. He will pay no
part of it. The wealthy man who can afford
to wear fine linen will pay no part of it; but
the poor and humble men at the South, at the
West, and at the East, and all over the coun-
try will bear the burden of the tax that is im-
posed by this provision of the bill. And I
must say here, that while there are many feat-
ures of this bill of which I approve, if these
clauses are retained I shall feel compelled to
vote against the entire bill when it is submit-
ted for the determination of a vote of the
House.
This clause which we are immediately con-
sidering I regard as exceedingly objectionable.
What is the effect of it? You propose to raise
the tax to five cents per pound on the raw
cotton of the country; and when it is manu-
factured here, and the poor man of the coun-
try buys his shirt or his calico or the humble
garments to clothe his wife and children, he
must bear the burden of this tax; but when it
is exported to Germany or France, or any other
foreign country, you take off this tax; you lay
the burden upon the poor men of this country,
while you arc furnishing shirts and other gar-
ments "to the men of other countries at a lower
price than you are furnishing them for to the
citizens of your own country. It is an unjust
and, it seems to me, a most outrageous dis-
crimination against the poor of the country, in
favor of the rich of this country and the people
of foreign nations.
It seems to me that the system of legislation
here for the last few years has been to discrim-
inate in favor of the wealthy, in favor of the
manufacturers, in favor of the bondholders, in
'favor of the capitalists and monopolists of the
country, and to impose the burdens of the
Government npon the agriculturists, upon the
poor men of the West and of the South, and
even the poor men of the East, shifting it from
the shoulders of the wealthy who ought to bear
the principal burden of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. The mairr object, I sup-
pose, of the bill under consideration is the rais-
ing of revenue, and I presume it will be con-
ceded by all that the more generally you can
distribute the tax the less onerous it is.
Now, I desire, for the information of the
gentlemen who have made use of the argument
that this tax will oppress the poor of the coun-
try, that the Clerk will read from the report
of the revenue commission the extract I have
marked showing the bearing of this tax on
cotton.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The above proposed rate of taxation on cotton,
it is believed, will not prove in any degree detri-
mental to any national interest, and wiH yield a
revenue, at twenty-two dollars per bale, of $22,000,000
for every million bales produced and sold for con-
sumption. With a crop of three million bales, and
a tax of five cents per pound, the Government might
derive an annual revenue of $60,000,000; or of
$88,000,000 on a crop of four million bales, which
would be less than the crop of 1859-60. Of this sum—
if the consumption of the United States shall reach,
in either of these years, the consumption ot 1860—the
inhabitants of the United Slates would pay about
twenty-one million dollars; and it is believed that
there are few taxes which can be levied which would
be so slight a burden to the consumer. The consump-
tion of cotton per head in the United States, at the
highest point ever attained to, has not exceeded twelve
pounds. A tax of five cents per pound would there-
l'oiebe an average of about sixty cents to each in-
dividual per annum. (See Special Report No. 3.)
As the crop of the present year, in the opinion of
competent persons consulted by the commission, is
not likely to be less than two million bales, and
if good seed can be obtained may exceed this figure,
the commission are of the opinion that the Govern-
ment may safely rely for the fiscal year ending June
30,1867, upon arevenuo from this source of at least
$40,000,000.
"With an increase of the crop, in subsequent years,
beyond two million bales per annum, accompanied
by a consequent reduction of the market price of
the same, a corresponding reduction of the proposed
rate of tax may probably be found expedient; but,
in any event, the commission believe that for the
future an average revenue from cotton of at least
$50,000,000 may undoubtedly be relied upon."
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out this
entire section.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not ger-
mane to the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] which is pending, to
strike out the words "when exported'' and
also the words "and exported."
Mr. RAYMOND. Is debate exhausted on
the pending amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. RAYMOND. I move, pro forma, to
strike out the word "exported" from the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Lynch.] I do it merely for the purpose
of having an opportunity of saying that I think
there is much in the argument of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] that is
entirely misplaced. The appeal that he makes
on behalf of the poor of this country is entirely
misplaced, is based on a wrong estimation of
the facts.
He asserts that cotton goods are used exclu-
sively by the poor, while the rich use linen,
silk, and other expensive articles. Now, while
it is'true that the poor use little but cotton, it
is also equally true that the rich use far more
cotton than the poor do, and pay far more of
the tax upon cotton in proportion.
Now, f desire to call the attention of the
gentleman and of the House to this fact in
addition. If this section of the bill stood by
itself, and there were no compensating clauses
in other parts of the bill, there might be some
force in the argument of the gentleman. But
as we go on through the bill we will find va-
rious sections bearing almost exclusively upon
the wealthier classes of the community. It is
not right, therefore, to make an argument
against any particular section.because it applies
to a certain class more than to another. When
we come to the portion relating to the income
tax we will find enough to offset anything that
may be in this section.
I trust the argument brought to bear against
this particular section will not be considered
to have any special weight. It seems to me
that it is important to allow a drawback on
cotton exported when manufactured in order
to enable our manufacturers to compete with
the manufacturers of other nations in foreign
markets. We have hitherto had access to the
markets of China and the Indies for our poorer
qualities of cotton goods, and have held our
own there against the looms of England and
other nations. In order to maintain that as-
cendency we must allow a drawback on goods
exported. It seems to me but simple justice
to our manufacturers, who export to foreign
markets where they must contend with the
manufacturer of England, to allow the draw-
back here proposed. It is not an excessive
drawback. A ll those who testified in favor of
a tax upon cotton also testified that in order to
maintain our foothold in those markets a draw-
back equivalent to the excise tax will be abso-
lutely necessary.
I now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the amendment of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond]
is withdrawn, I desire to say a few words. The
debate has wandered widely from the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
But it may be as well to confess that upon this
section rests the whole question in relation to
the imposition of a productive tax upon cotton.
So far at least as I am concerned it certainly
does. I shall not be in favor of the tax if we
so hamper it as to secure all the trade in cot-
ton manufactures now and forever to British
looms and spindles.
The question arises here, and it is suggested
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr; Hard-
ing,] that we are made to pay more for our
cotton goods at home, in consequcnce of allow-
ing thisdrawbaek upon manufactures exported.
Now, with all respect for that gentleman, I do
not conceive that to be the fact of the case.
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. MORRILL. I prefer not to be inter-
rupted now. If we do not allow this draw-
back, then the result will be that we shall not
manufacture the amount of cotton we have
hitherto done, or shall not manufacture any in-
creased amount to send abroad. Now, would
it not be to the advantage of this country if we
were to admit raw silk, and the means of man-
ufacturing it, and laborers to manufacture it,
to come here and manufacture a large amount
ofsilk goods such as we now import from abroad,
even if we allowed them to be exported and
reimported to this country? Would not so
much added to the industry of the country be
a public benefit? Would it not be a blessing to
the State of Wisconsin and the State of Illinois
to have one hundred thousand more laborers
employed than they now have consuming their
products? Certainly that would be a desira-
ble result.
As to this drawback making our products
here any higher for our people, I say, with all
respect, that that proposition is an absurdity ;
for the only duty that is levied upon our goods
is levied upon the raw cotton and upon the
manufactured cotton. Does it make any dif-
ference in regard to the prices of what we con-
sume, whether there shall bo one million more
bales of cotton manufactured in this country
or not? Certainly not._ But by the introduc-
tion of improved machinery and the employ-
ment of a larger force of laborers in manufae-
