40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasmry.
39th Oosra.... 1st Sess.
0.644 per cent., or less than two thirds of one
per cent., and in the year 1900, the tax upon the
products of the year would fall to 0. 322 per cent.,
or less than one third of one per cent.
To this charge upon the resources of the
country, if there be added §140,000,000 in
1870 foj^all other expenditures, $150,000,000 in
1880, $100,000,000 in 1890, and 8170,000,000
in 1900, the estimated total expenditure will be
4.93 per cent, of the products of capital and
industry in 1870, 2.26 per cent, in 1880, 1.17
per cent, in 1890, and barely seven tenths of
one per cent, in 1900. Or, in general state-
ment, the total estimated charges of the na-
tional Government for the payment of the debt
in thirty years, and all other ordinary expenses,
begin at less than five per cent, of the resources
of the country, and end in seven tenths of one
per cent.
These estimates, and the basis upon which
they rest, are sustained by the result of English
experience under a debt one third larger than
ours, with ordinary and extraordinary expenses
at least one half larger than ours are likely to
reach, and borne through a period of much
less wealth-producing power. The Govern-
ment charges for all expenditures fifty years ago
took one pound in six of the products of Great
Britain, but these charges have now fallen to
one pound in nine. We commence our na-
tional burdens with resources that, in the very
rirst year, will be required to bear an aggregate
of less than five per cent., or one dollar in
twenty.
It is true that many circumstances may occur
to prevent the accomplishment of these anti-
cipated results; but the estimates have been
made upon what are regarded as reliable data,
and are well calculated to encourage Congress
in levying taxes and the people in paying them.
After careful reflection, tlie Se«etary con-
cludes that no act of Congress (except for raising
the necessary revenue) would bo more accept-
able to the people, or better calculated to
strengthen the national credit, than one which
should provide that $200,000,000, commenting
with the next fiscal year, shall be annually ap-
plied to the payment of the interest and princi-
pal of the national debt. The estimates for the
next fiscal year indicate that a very much larger
amount could be so applied without an increase
of taxes.
Before concluding his remarks upon the na-
tional debt, the Secretary would suggest that
the credit of the five-twenty bonds issued under
the acts of February 25,1862, and June 30,1864,
would be improved in Europe, and, conse-
quently, their market value advanced at home,
if Congress should declare that the principal, as
well as the interest, of these bonds is to be paid
in coin. The policy of the Government in re-
fard to itsfundeddebtis well understood in the
Jnited States, but the absence of a provision in
these acts that the principal of the bonds issued
under them should be paid in coin, while such
a provision is contained in the act under which
the ten-forties were issued, has created some ap-
prehensionin Europe that the five-twenty bonds
might be called in at the expiration of five years,
and paid in United States notes. Although it is
not desirable that our securities should beheld
out of the United States, it is desirable thatthey
should be of good credit in foreign markets on
account of'the influence which these markets
exert upon our own. It is, therefore, important
that all misapprehensions on these points should
be removed by an explicit declaration of Con-
gress that-these bonds are to be paid in coin.
In view of the fact that the exemption of
Government securities from State taxation is,
by many persons, considered an unjust discrim-
ination in their favor, efforts may be made to
induce Congress to legislate upon the subject
of their taxation. Of course, the existing ex-
emption from Stale and municipal taxation of
bonds and securities now outstanding will be'
scrupulously regarded. That exemption is a
part of the contract under which the securities
have been issued and the money loaned thereon
to the Government, and it would not only be un-
constitutional, but a breach of the public faith
of the nation, to disregard it. It would also,
in the judgment of the Secretary, be unwise for
Congress to grant to the States the power,
which they will not possess unless conferred by
express congressional enactment, of imposing
local taxes upon securities of the United States
which may be hereafter issued. Such taxation,
in any form, would result in serious, if not fa-
tal, embarrassment to the Government, and,
instead of relieving, would, eventually injure the
great mass of the people, who are to bear their
full proportion of the. burden of the public debt.
This is a subject in relation to which there
should be no difference of opinion. Every tax-
payer is personally interested in halving the
public debt placed at home, and at a low rate
of interest, which cannot be done if the public
securities are to be subject to local taxation.
Taxes vary largely in different States, and- in
different counties, and cities of the same State,
and are everywhere so high that, unless- pro-
tected against them, the bonds into which the
present debt must be funded cannot be distrib-
uted among the people, except in some favored
localities, unless they bear a xate of interest so
high as to make the debt severely oppressive,
and to render the prospect of its extinguish-
ment well-nigh hopeless. Exempted from lo-
cal taxation, the debt can, it is expected, be
funded at an early day at five per cent.; if local
taxation is allowed, no considerable portion of
the debt which falls due within the next four
years can be funded at home at less than eight
per cent. The tax-payers of the United States
cannot afford to have their burdens fiins in-
creased. it is also evident that the relief which
local tax-payers would obtain from Govern-
ment taxation, as the result of a low rate of in-
terest on the national securities, would, at least,
be as great as the increase of local taxes to
which they woul4.be subjected on account of
the exemption of Government securities; while
if those securities should bear a rate of interest
suflicient to secure their sale when subject to
local taxes, few, if any of them, would long re-
main where those taxes could reach them.
They would be rapidly transferred to other
countries, into the hands of foreign capitalists,
and thus at last the burden of paying a high
rate of interest would be left upon the people
of this country without compensation or allevi-
ation.
The present system of internal revenue is one
of the results of the war. It was framed under
circumstances of pressing necessity, affording
little opportunity for careful and accurate inves-
tigation of the sources of revenue. Its success,
however, has exceeded the anticipations of its
authors, and is a most honorable testimonial to
their wisdom, and to the patriotism of the peo-
ple who have so cheerfully submitted to its bur-
dens.
With the restoration of peace, industry is re-
turning again to its former channels, and a re-
vision of the system now becomes important to
accommodate it to the changed and changing
condition of the country.
Every complicated system of taxation opens
the way to mistakes, abuses, and deceptions.
Temptations to dishonesty and fraud are placcd
before the revenue officers and the tax-payers,
andbotk.are often thereby demoralized. Hon-
est men, who pay their taxes in full, are injured,
if not ruined, by the.ingenuity of those who suc-
cessfully evade their share of thepublicburdens.
The multiplicity of objccts at present subject
to taxation is one of themostserious objections
to the present system. Many of these yield
little revenue, while its collection is troublesome
to the collector, and irritating and offensive to'
the tax-payers. This multiplicity also involves
as many temptations to fraud, and as many dif-
ficult questions for decision, as the objects from
which large revenue is derived.
To impose taxes judiciously, so as to obtain
revenue without repressing industry, is one of
the highest and most difficult duties devolved
upon Congress. Taxation which in one year
may be scarcely felt, may the next year be
oppressive; and that which may not be burden-
some to those who are well established in busi-
ness may be fatal to those just commencing.
Every branch of industry, has its infancy, and
ought to be encouraged by liberal legislation.
AY hatever of industry or enterprise is destroyed,
by injudicious taxation or otherwise, is a dam-
age to the national welfare.
Heayy taxation may drive capital from our
shores, or prevent Unemployment in the manner
most advantageous to the country, and thus
prevent that demand for labor which is the best
security for its proper reward.
The taxation which is now extremely produc-
tive may in a few years become unproductive,
or engender a spirit of opposition and discon-
tent which may endanger the national credit.
It is important, therefore,, that our revenue
system,should' be, frequently and carefully re-
vised, in order that it may be accommodated
to the habits- and- character of the people, to
the industry of the country, to labor and capi-
tal, to wages at home and wages abroad. It is
also of the highest importance that there should
be, a careful adjustment of our internal to our
external revenue system.
That views somewhat similar to these were
entertained by Congress is indicated by the pro-
vision in the amendatory act of March 3,1865,
by which the Secretary of the Treasury was au-
thorized to "appoint a commission, consisting
of three persons, to inquire and report, at the
earliest practicable moijignt, upon the subject
of raising by taxation such revenue a§ may be
necessary in order to supply the wants of the
Government, having regard to and including the
sources from which such revenue should be,-
drawn, and the best and most efficient mode of
raising the same."
Tliis subject received the early attention of
the Secretary, and under the authority of the act,
after careful deliberation, a commission-vyas or-
ganized, consisting of Messrs. David A. Ayells,
Stephen Colwell, and S. S. Hayes, represent-
ing, to a certain extent^ different sections and
interests, and also different political sentiments.
The commission was fully organized in J une,
and has since then been actively engaged in the
prosecution of its labors.
An investigation of the character of the rev-
enue, contemplated by the act authorizing this
commission, necessarily involves a careful and
comprehensive inquiry into the condition of
every industry, trade, or occupation in, the
country likely to be affected by the national,
revenue system, and, in the absence of nearly
all previously-compared and exact data, must
necessarily be protracted and laborious. From
a preliminary report made to the Secretary by
the commission, he has reason to infer that
enough has already been accomplished by them
to indicate the value of an investigation like
that in which they are now engaged, and to
demonstrate the necessity of the accumulation
of a correct and accurate knowledge, properly
digested and presented, as a basis for our future
revenue legislation.
The plan pursued by the commission has
been, to take up, specifically, those sources of
revenue which our own experience, and the
experience of other countries, have indicated
as likely to be most productive under taxation
and most capable of sustaining its burdens..
In pursuance of this plan, a large number of
witnesses have been examined, and much val-
uable testimony put upon record.
It is understood to be the opinion of the com-
missioners that it would be inexpedient at once
to make any radical and violent changes in the
nature and working of the present revenue sys-
tem, and that we should rather seek, through
experience and study, to perfect the present
system hy degrees, so as to gradually adapt it
to the industrial habits and fiscal capacity of
the people. The Secretary is also informed by
the commissioners that it seems certain to them
that, without any increase in the rate of taxa-
