4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
evidence of inexactness and want of authen-
ticity. It makes Mr. Madison, whose idea?,
when expressed by himself, are always in words
most carefully and fitly chosen, say that '' it was
thought that the regulation of the time, place,
and manner of electing Representatives should
be uniform throughout the continent." Every
expression in it is consistent with the prevail-
ingidea through all the proceedings of the Con-
vention that Congress should have no power to
fix qualifications of voters in the States, either
for State officers or for Representatives in Con-
gress. It might regulate the mode of holding
the elections tor Representatives, so as to pre-
vent a failure of representation. As to this
mode of holding elections, as Mr. Madison
said, some States might regulate it on princi-
ples of equality, and others, by various regula-
tions as to the times and places where the elec-
tions should be held, might make them affect
unequally the people of certain sections of a
State, and be, therefore, unjust. But Congress,
having no motive to so regulate these times
and placcs as to make them bear unequally on
different sections in a State, could properly be
entrusted with their control as to congressional
elections. But with all its manifest looseness
and inexactness of form, every sentence in this
extract is readily reconcilable with the more
deliberate and self-written judgments of Mr.
Madison and all the other fathers and sages to
whom I have referred. I unhesitatingly affirm,
therefore, that it wholly fails to justify in any
degree the structure erected upon it by the
honorable gentleman. On th£ contrary, taken
in connection with all I have shown, it stamps
the whole theory of the honorable gentleman
as most dangerous and revolutionary.
But admit for a moment that all the framers,
the fathers, the expounders oi the Constitution,
and President Johnson, are wrong, and that
the honorable gentleman is right, then what
follows ? If you concede the power to be in
Congress, as claimed, then the discretion of
Congress in its exercise cannot be limited. It
can legislate to enlarge or abridge the right of
suffrage in the States, both in the choice of
members of Congress and of Representatives
in. the State Legislatures. It can impose a
property qualification. It can give suffrage to
black men and take it from white men where
it pleases. It can prohibit every white man in
the South from voting for such officers unless
he was born in New England, or owns a cer-
tain number of Federal bonds that are exempt
from taxation, or will take some new-fangled
irou-clad oath. It can annul State statutes and
State constitutions on the subject of suffrage at
its own pleasure.
It makes Congress, in many respects, as ab-
solutely supreme in its control over the local
affairs and interests of the people of the Slates
as the British Parliament is over the affairs and
interests of the people of Croat Britain. It
can go into South Carolina and take suffrage
from the latelj' disloyal whites and give it to
the negroes. It can go into Missouri and en-
franchise the now disfranchised participants in
the late rebellion in that State. It can go into
Indiana and set aside our constitutional bar-
riers in its way, and give equal suffrage to the
negroes and white men. If this power be con-
ceded, then I may inquire, what, in God's
name, cannot Congress do? We have indeed
fallen upon evil times. The war in the field is
ended. But the war upon the most cherished
principles and safeguards of our institutions is
yet flagrant.
Mr. Speaker, I now submit in all confidence
that the position assumed by the Executive
upon this important question is sustained alike
and most triumphantly by the history of the
Constitution, the solemn and deliberately re-
corded opinions of its framers, and the uniform
practice of the Government hitherto. The
issue the honorable gentleman has chosen to
make with him on this subject seems equally
untenable and unhappy.
Now. on the subject more direetlv engaging
the attention of the House, the proposed amend-
ment of the Constitution, I desire to submit but
a few remarks. I am not in favor of its adop-
tion. It fails to commend itself to my judg-
ment for many reasons. It is inopportune to
attempt such vital changes in our Constitution
now. The times are not auspicious for such
important, work to be well or wisely done. It
is not justified by the circumstances of the coun-
try. It is not demanded by the highest inter-
ests of the whole country. It is not commended
to my judgment by the motives which are avowed
here by its friends and prompted its introduc-
tion. Such radical changes should be made, if
made at all,, by the nation, by all the States in
full council, and not by a part only. It should
be submitted to the most full, unrestricted, and
searching examination hero by the Represent-
atives of all the States, who will have to sit in
judgment upon its ratification before it can be-
come tfie law of the land.
Honorable gentlemen propose so to change
the Constitution as that—
Representatives and direct taxes shall he appor-
tioned anions the several States which may be inclu-
ded within this Union according to their respective
numbers, counting the whole number of persons in
each State, excluding Indians not taxed: Provided,
That whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State on account of race or color,
all persons therein of such race or color shall be ex-
cluded from the basis of representation.
Now, I invite attention for a very short time
to an examination of the words I have quoted:
'1 Representatives are to be apportioned.'' Rep-
resentatives of what? In the State Legislatures?
No; but Representatives in Congress; and'' di-
rect taxes are to be apportioned." Direct taxes
to bo imposed by whom? Not by the States or
the people of the States, but by Congress. In
other words, everything connected with the sub-
ject of this proposed amendment relates to the
powers of Congress, to the representation of
the States in Congress.
Now, I desire to put this case to gentlemen
on the other side of the Chamber: suppose
the people of the State of Ohio, in which State
there may be say a half a million of colored
people, declare in their fundamental law that
those negroes may vote, who are qualified by
age, for members of Congress, but shall not
vote for members of the State Legislature, or
for Governor, or for any State officer, or for any
municipal officers in the State of Ohio. What,
then, will Congress do? Could you say that by
reason of this amendment the negro population
of Ohio shall not be counted in the basis of
representation of that State in Congress? I
take it you cannot say that, because by the
very language of this amendment the people
of the States retain the power to regulate the
right of suffrage within the States as they
please, and having extended equal suffrage to
negroes in elections for members of Congress,
the object of this amendment is answered. It
does not require that there shall be no discrim-
ination on account, of class or color in the ad-
justment of the franchise for State purposes.
It has been suggested here, by the honorable
genlh.'inau from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] that the
position assumed on this subject by his colleague
[Mr. Siiei.ia baegkr] is not correct, because the
position of the latter gentleman assumes that
this amendment, if adopted by the States of this
Union, would confer upon the States a grant of
power, by express terms, to deny to a certain
class, or any class of thepeople within the State,
the right of suffrage, if the people of the State
should see fit, to do so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RAYMOND obtained the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. With the consent of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Raymond,] I
will move that the time of my colleague [Mr.
Kerb] be extended so as to allow him to con-
clude his remarks.
Mr. KERR. 1 will not occupy any further
time if it is to come out of the time of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Raymoxd.]
The SPEAKER. It will not come out of his
lime.
Mr. KERR. Then I should be glad if I could
be allowed, say fifteen miiiutusmore, to conclude
what I have to say.
No objection was made.
Mr. KERR. I will reply to the position as-
sumed by the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, _ [Mr. Bixgiiam,] that in my judgment
there is not in this proposition a grant of power
to the States to regulate suffrage within their
own limits. I assume that that power exists
in the States and the people now : that it always
has existed there; that it exists and inheres in
the people of the States, and was never surren-
dered by them to Congress, nor to any other au-
thority. According to my construction of our
system of government, I do not think that Con-
gress is the granting power in this country. I
take it that political power finds its foundation
and its source in the people of the States, and
not in Congress. Power comes from below,
from the people; it does not go from here to
the people.
Now, in the case I have supposed, if the peo-
ple of Ohio, either by their fundamental law,
or by their statute law, do not suffer persons
of this emancipated race to exercise the right
of elective franchise within that State, what,
then, is the result? The entire negro popu-
lation of Ohio, or of any other State that should
make the like regulations of the elective fran-
chise, is denied representation in Congress.
The honorable gentleman fron Ohio [Mr. Bixg-
ham] tells us that this is imposed by way of pen-
alty upon the people of the jState for refusing
to adopt this modern idea of absolute and uni-
versal suffrage. In other words, it is a new
kind of argument to compel them to grant ne-
gro suffrage. 1 inquire now, what right has
Congress to ask States to impose upon them-
selves this kind of penalty, and who is injured
by the penalty? Is it the white man or the ne-
gro? The gentleman professes to be laboring
here to benefit and ameliorate Ihe condition of
the negro in this country; yet I submit that the
effect of this amendment, if adopted, will be to
make worse the condition of the negro, and turn
him over to the complete control of the State
where he may happen to live. It denies to him
any representation here, any relief at the hands
of Congress. Is the negro benefited then? Is
the country at large benefited ? Are the States
benefited ?
I can see but one single clear result that will
follow from this amendment if it is adopted by
the people of this country, and that is an effect
that will inure not to the advantage of the na-
tion, nor of any State in the Union, nor of any
class or race of men in any State. But it will
inure solely to the benefit and advantage of the
Republican party. In my judgment the only
persons who will gain by this provision will be
the now dominant party in this country. They
will thereby increase their power; they will
thereby degrade the South; they will reduce
her representation here, and relatively increase
their own representation ; they will confirm the
sectional supremacy of the North in the legis-
lation and administration of the Government.
They may thus compel the South to become
suppliants at their feet for justice, and it may
be for mercy.
Now, taking this view of the effect of this
provision, I cannot indorse it. If gentlemen
have introduced this proposed amendment to
the Constitution in the interest of equably, why
do they not frame it so that it will produce
genuine equality? Why do they not make it in
its terms something that will tend to secure
equality in the country in fact as well as in the-
ory? _ Will it, if adopted, equalize representa-
tion in Congress? In the Senate of the United
States, the very first principles of representative
j equality arc and will continue to be violated,
j "What is the fact to-day? The little State of
Nevada, with one voter to about every forty in
the State of New York, has the same represent-
ative power and influence in the Senate of the
United States as the great State of New Y'ork._
Is that equality? Is that right? It is not, if
the theories for which gentlemen have con-
tended here be correct.
The effect of the change will be to increase
the inequality, unless the South extend equal
suffrage to all their negroes in the election of
Congressmen. This they will not do, in my
