1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Atlantic cable, the projectors will have sunk
their millions and have nothing to show for
them; but they have the promise of a subsidy
and an exclusive privilege for a given number
of years, and therefore they have gone on and
squandered these untold millions. This com-
pany, I trust, will not be as unfortunate as the
English company has been. If they are it will
be their misfortune ; it will be our fault if we
do not offer them every inducement in our
power to inaugurate the undertaking.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to my honor-
able friend from Michigan that if he would
change' the third section of the bill which au-
thorizes Congress '' at any time to alter or re-
peal the foregoing act," and give to Congress
the power from time to time to fix the rates
which should be charged for messagesto be
transmitted over this line, it would avoid the
great objection which is made by the Senator
from Ohio. If Congress held in its hands and
notified the company in advance that it held
the power in case they charge exorbitant prices
for messages to reduce the rates and fix them
at a reasonable sum. I could see nothing ob-
jectionable in this bill, and I should think it
very wise on our part to grant to. the company
some exclusive privilege if we want to secure
the line.
Mr. MORRILL. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that that power is already embraced
in the section.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps it is embraced,
but it is only the usual clause which is thrown
into such bills, reserving the right to repeal
and alter.
Mr. BROWN". The objection is that there
Can be no competition ou the part of other
_companie.s.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The purpose of having
competition on the part of other companies is
to prevent; a company from being exorbitant
in its charges. Now, I will venture to say it
is better that one company should undertake
to build this lino of telegraphic wire than for
two, or half a dozen. It is a necessity that
One company should lead, and that one com-
pany should lead under such circumstances
that they can command the capital to do the
work. If the power is expressly reserved to
Congress, and put into the bill, that at any time
the company charge an unreasonable rate for
the transmission of messages, Congress can
reduce the price and make it reasonable, I do
not see anything wrong in the bill.
Besides, if 1 am informed correctly as to the
exclusive grant to lay a wire upon the coast
of Cuba given by Spain, unless you give the
company you organize an exclusive power to
lay the wire on our coast, that company in
Cuba will have this company and any other
company completely in their power. There is
no way to meet the grant of Spain but by a
similar grant on our part; but at the same
time I would provide in the bill that the com-
pany we create shall not be exorbitant in their
charges. 1 then think it is a wise measure.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Subbmax] gives this bill a character which
I am not willing it shall remainsubjectto. The
idea of this bill being a monopoly is a thing
which if my honorable friend had reflected on
it a lit!lo before he began to speak he would
not probably have suggested. It has not the
iirst element of anything of that character in
it, or which can be construed into it, except
that word "sole,'' which is limited and quali-
fied by the other provisions of the bill, so that
it docs not approximate at all to the idea ot a
monopoly. As against everybody but Con-
gress this company will have the exclusive right.
This grant which we give to them may be al-
teret,. amended, or repealed at any moment by
Congress. That is an express reservation.
Mr. FESGEXDEX. I ask my colleague
what is the use of this bill anyhow. What is
to prevent this New York company, organized
under the laws of the State of New York, from
going to Florida and buying a piece of land con-
venient for them to land on and establishing
this end of their wire there without any grant
from Congress? In other words, is there any-
thing more or less in this bill than simply the
exercise of the*power of Congress or its at-
tempted exercise, (I doubt how far it goes,) to
give them the sole privilege? Is not that the
only reason for their coining here ? Do they
gain anything else except after they have got
their company incorporated in New York they
call on us to give them what they cannot get
possibly in any other way, an exclusive privi-
lege ? Is there any other necessity ? Why
cannot they go and buy a piece of land and get
along without this bill ?
Mr. MORRILL. The committee considered
that subject, and in this light: we think Con-
gress has the power to give the exclusive privi-
lege under the power to regulate commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not that the only
reason why they come here?
Mr. MORRILL. Doubtless it is. It is ex-
terior ; it is a communication in the nature of
commerce. Commerce includes traffic and in-
tercourse. This provides for intercourse, for-
eign intercourse, and therefore it comes within
that provision of the Constitution. My col-
league asks why can, they not purchase a piece
of land in Florida and build this telegraph, but
that involves the necessity of a charter from
Florida of course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot given them
a charter in Florida.
Mr. MORRILL. But we can give them a
charter here, and it is exactly within our prov-
ince to give them a charter here if it is com-
merce ; and why, I ask my colleague, should we
referthem to Florida? If it is an object worthy
of the consideration of the country, if it is that
kind of enterprise which commends itself to
Congress, why should Congress decline giving
them a charter to enable them to complete this
enterprise, simply bccause by possibility they
might obtain it of Florida? I submit, there-
fore, that the same thing might possibly be
done by a charter from Florida is no answer
to this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my colleague tell
me why they need a charter from Florida?
What is to prevent an individual, if lie has
money enough, from buying a piece of land in
Florida and there setting up a telegraph? What
does he want a charter for?
Mr. MORRILL. I did not suppose that,
unauthorized by the power of the State, an in4
dividual could set up a telegraph through the
country where he chose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps he could not
get the land. We cannot give him authority
all over the country; we only give the mere
power to land on the coast; but as to the rest,
he must get it from Florida; we cannot give it
to him.
Mr. MORRILL. Does my colleague sup-
pose this company would have a right to go to
Florida without the consent of Florida, and
against the consent of Florida, if you please,
and exercise the privilege of setting up upon its
shore, within its jurisdiction, and laying down
upon its coast, within its jurisdiction, a tele-
graph wire?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; if they
owned tlio land they could.
Mr. MORRILL. If they could, they have
a power which I did not suppose they could
exercise without the consent of the State. Cer-
tainly they could not connect the lines; cer-
tainly they could not make it of any use to them
whatever. At any rate, the State would have
a right to prevent it.
But I rose to reply to the objection raised by
the honorable Senator from Ohio that this was
a monopoly. He says it is a monopoly, first,
because of the extent of its powers. He says
we are going to give to this company the exclu-
sive right of telegraphic communication between
this country and South America. There is no
such power in this bill. My honorable friend
has overlooked it entirely. It does not author-
ize the line to go to South America or to Pan-
ama, nor does it allow this company to interfere
with free intercourse in any way whatever, ex-
cept from the Florida coast to Cuba or the
Bahamas. It confines it simply to that point;
and all the rest of America is open to anybody
and everybody.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from
Maine permit me to make a suggestion just at
this point?
Mr. MORRILL- Certainly.
Mr. .CONNESS. As I understand it, the
monopoly contained in this sole privilege con-
sists in prohibiting the establishment of any
other line from the coast of Florida. -
Mr. MORRILL. So I understand.
Mr. CONNESS. Consequently, if this priv-
ilege is granted, no other lines can connect the
West India islands or South America with
Florida. That I understand to be its exclusive
character.
Mr. MORRILL. I am much obliged to the
Senator, but I supposed I understood that
before.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, I desired it to be
understood, too.
Mr. MORRILL. The point wjpch Iwas argu-
ing and the point which I understood to labor
with the honorable Senator from Ohio was as
to the extent of this monopoly, that it was ,a
monopoly in the hands of this company for all
South America and Panama; but, in fact, it
touches no point abroad except Cuba and the
Bahamas; none at all.
Mr. CONNESS. It is exclusive so far as the
Florida coast is concerned.
Mr. MORRILL. That is the extent of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose from the geogra-
phy of the country, well known to us, that there
is no possible way of reaching from the United
States of America to Panama by telegraph ex-
cept either through Mexico or by touching at
the West India islands*t point after point until
you reach the Central American States ; and
as we have the control of this end only, and
the geographical position of Florida is such that
that State projects into the Gulf of Mexico over
three hundred miles, the exclusive privilege of
landing in Florida is substantially an exclusive
privilege of landing in the United States. Of
course it is possible to go by way of Mexico
to Panama, but as these telegraph wires must
go to Cuba and the West India islands, this
amounts to an exclusive privilege, the only
privilege we can grant in the United States, for
a telegraph to any portion of South America.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, if you look
at this bill you will see that it is confined sim-
ply to the two points I have named, aitd it
reserves to the Government during wa' the
free use of this line; and in addition to that,
to put it out of the power of these parties to
make it a monopoly in the sense which is odious
or in which monopoly was ever odious, and that
is giving a power to make unreasonable charges,
Congress reserves to itself the right to alter or
amend this charter in any manner it sees fit.
It keeps the whole thing within its control and
within its power; and if it is found to be a
monopoly operating to the injury of the public
it can rej^eal it to-morrow or repeal it the very
next day or the very next year after the line is
laid down. Now, X ask if that comcs within
the sense of a monopoly which is obnoxious.
What is proposed? The enterprise, I suppose,
is commendable in itself. I suppose Congress
would not object to this company opening com-
munications between Cuba and our own coast.
That I take it is commendable. Now*, on what
terms ought it to be done? On the most lib-
eral terms that you could expect to have it done.
Is it reasonable to expect that any company
will undertake to do it upon more reasonable
terms? It is impossible to conceive that any
company could be required to do it upon more
reasonable terms. The word "sole'' being
limited, as I have said, by the power of the Gov-
ernment over it, it ceases to be a monopoly in
any sense whatever.
I hope, Mr. President, that this bill will not
be held up here as obnoxious to the chargc
of" monopoly. My honorable friend, the chair-
man of tie Committee on Commerce, has sug-
gested that it is only similar in its provisions
to the grants which we make every dayto every
