3440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
eral lands should be included in the grant
thereby made, but the same should be reserved
to the United States. My construction of the
bill which passed yesterday was that it made a
new grant of land, and I desired to reserve the
mineral lands. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania insisted that it made no new grant of
land. I have simply provided in this bill that
the grant of lands made to the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, eastern division, shall not
be enlarged by the terms of the bill which
passed yesterday. Now, sir, I wish to read
what the gentleman said yesterday in refer-
ence to this bill 
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like to interrupt
the gentleman, but I wish to inquire whether,
after objection being made, this discussion is
in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] stated, as the Chair
understood, that he waived his objection. If
he objects now, the bill is not before the House.
Does the gentleman object?
Mr. STEVENS. I do.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me a moment that I may sub-
mit a proposition.
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear the gentleman's
proposition privately, but I do not think it
necessary now to consume time 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I was about to pro-
pose that the bill shall go over for the present,
shall be printed, and be taken up to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on my objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well; that is
keeping faith.
The SPEAKER,. The bill, being objected
to, is not before the House.
MESSAGE MIOM HIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the joint resolution (II. R. No. 158)
providing for the settlement of the accounts
of W. II. Ilamrick.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 613)
entitled "An act to continue in force and to
amend an act to establish a Bureau for the
Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other purposes," with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had insisted on its amendments, disa-
greed to by the House, to the bill (II. R. No.
127) entitled "An act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 18(17," had disagreed to
the amendments of the House to other amend-
ments, had agreed to the conference asked by
thg.House, and had appointed as conferees on
the part of the Senate Messrs. Sherman, Wil-
son, and Yates.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 145) entitled "An act
granting lands to the State of Kansas to aid in
the construction of the Northern Kansas rail-
road and telegraph, had asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
appointed as conferees on the part of the Senate
Messrs. Pomeroy, Brown, and Riddle.
payment OS kentucky militia.
«
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee on Appropriations be dis-
charged from the further consideration of joint
resolution S. No. 94, providing for the payment
of certain Kentucky militia forces, and that the
same be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
payment of kansas militia.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee on Appropriations be dis-
charged from the further consideration of bill
S. No. 369, entitled "An act to authorize the
Secretary of War to settle the claims of the
State of Kansas for services of the militia
called out by the Governor of that State, upon
the requisition of Major General Curtis, the
commander of the United States forces in that
State, and that the same be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
kansas and neosho valley railroad.
Mr. ROLLINS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in or-
der is the bill remaining undisposed of at the
adjournment yesterday, Senate bill No. 285,
granting lands to the State of Kansas to aid
in the construction of the Kansas and Neosho
Valley railroad and its extension to Red river.
The pending question is upon the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands. It
appears by the Globe that this motion was made
both by the gentleman from Indiana and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.] As
the Journal credits the motion to the gentle-
man from Indiana the Chair will regard it as
having been made by him.
Mr. STEVENS. I trust that that bill will
be allowed to lie on the table.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent, as the motion to refer is pending.
If the gentleman from Indiana withdraws his
motion, the bill may be passed over informally;
but if the gentleman persists in his motion it
must be put.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I trust that the gentleman
will withdraw the motion and allow the bill to
lie on the table for the present.
Mr. JULIAN. With the understanding that
the bill shall not be called up till we have an
opportunity to examine it. I withdraw the mo-
tion to refer.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be passed over informally, remain-
ing upon the Speaker's table.
There was no objection.
. michael bariion.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Michael Barron;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
prevention of smuggling.
The SPEAKER. The first business of the
morning hour is the bill (S. No. '222) further
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes ;
which was under consideration at the expira-
tion of the morning hour yesterday.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing amendments offered yesterday by Mr. Hum-
phrey :
Amend section two, in lino seven,byinserting after
the word "district" the words "where he or they
shall suspect there aro goods, wares, or merchandise
thereon, subject to duty, or which shall have been
introduced into the United States in anymanner con-
trary to law."
Amend section four by sinking out the words " and
the burden of proof shall be upon the claimant where
probable cause is shown for such prosecution, to be
judged of by the court before which the prosecution
is held."
Mr. HUMPHREY. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, when interrupted by the expiration of the
morning hour, I was engaged in the endeavor
to direct the attention of the House to the
propriety and justice of striking out the last
three lines of section four of this bill.
I have heard but two reasons assigned for
incorporating in the bill this provision One
of the reasons stated is that this provision is
designed to guard against a species of crime
which requires unusual stringency in the law.
But, sir, so far as regards the question pre-
sented by this section, I undertake to say that
less stringency is required than in almost any
provision of criminal law. Why? Because
the offense of smuggling can be more readily
established by the prosecution than almost
any other. All that is necessary to establish
a prima facie, case of smuggling, under the
present rules of the criminal law, is to show
that the property has come into our country
without having passed through the proper
offices and paid the proper duties. These
facts can be established by simply calling on
the stand the officers themselves, and then you
have what is known in the criminal law as a
prima facie case made against the prisoner,
one which carries the prosecution t.o the jury.
Then the party may, or may not, as he sees
fit, come in and give evidence of his good
character, or other evidence tending to show
the fact that he had nothing to do with smug-
gling in the case charged. The reason assigned
falls to the ground, because there is no neces-
sity for it.
Again, there is another reason which has
been assigned that there should be some more
stringent provision in this law because of the
necessity to put a stop by the terrors of the
criminal law to crimes of this character.
Mr. Speaker, when the State and Federal
Governments have found the present rules of
evidence adequate to the prevention and pun-
ishment of all crimes, treason and murder
included, it can hardly be supposed that any
modification of those rules is necessary to pre-
vent smuggling, and certainly not such an
amendment as is proposed in this bill; by this
provision the present rules of evidence are
wholly revolutionized; instead of requiring the
Government to prove the guilt of the accused
beyond "reasonable doubt" and to the "sat-
isfaction of the jury," it merely requires such
evidence to be given by the Government as
will "satisfy the court" that there is "reason
to suspect" the prisoner is guilty, and then he
is required to prove his innocence or stand
convicted. I see no necessity growing out of
the increase of smuggling or any other class
of crime that will justify such a law as this.
It is a well-known fact that for the last twenty
or thirty years the whole current of proceed-
ings in reference to criminal law has been in
the direction of enlightened action under it.
In the State of Massachusetts they became so
liberal to the prisoner a few years ago that they
passed a law for him to come upon the stand
and testify himself. And this subject has been
discussed in all of the States of the Union.
Now, instead of going in the direction of reform,
instead of following in the line of increased
intelligence, we seem to be going back to the
days when a man, after he was arrested for a
crime, was put upon the rack to convict him-
self. I say that this is a step in that direction
instead of a step in the way of progress and
enlightened legislation on this question.
I now desire to call the attention of the House
to the other amendment, as I am upon the floor.
I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend section two, line seven, by inserting after
the word "district" the words "where he or they
shall suspect there are goods, wares, or merchandise
thereon subject to duty, or which shall have been
introduced into the United States contrary to law."
Mr. HUMPHREY. Mr. Speaker, this act
authorizes ah increase to a very great extent
of the subordinate officers connected with the
custom-house. It authorizes the collector and
other officers to make appointments themselves;
so the result will be they will appoint men for the
purpose of performing the specific duty not of
that high character of the man who would oc-
cupy the position of collector or deputy col-
lector ; and under the third section these meu
are authorized to arrest any person and exam-
ine his trunks and vehicle for the purpose of
seeing whether there is any property which
has been smuggled. But the officer can do
this only where he has reason to believe the
person or carriage has goods liable to duty.
I think that is at least an amount of caution
which ought to be placed in this bill when we
are to put such immense powers into the hands
of such men as will doubtless have the privi-
lege of exercising them.
But the second section is a new one. Its
object is to extend the extraordinary powers
of search and seizure of vessels, and it does
extend those powers to all vessels in every
port of the United States without requiiiug that
these men should have reason to believe or
suspect that there is something on board that
has been smuggled.
