2480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May '8,
taring cotton, we should inevitably in a short
time reduce the cost of even what we consume
at home.
As I stated in my remarks of yesterday, we
allow the same principle to apply to any other
article of manufacture. For one, I would be
very glad to apply it to everything in the way
of manufactures that it is possible to make pro-
vision for, so that we may accurately ascertain
the amount of duty that has been paid upon
the raw material. Suppose, for instance, we
could provide some means by which we could
ascertain the duties paid upon the raw materials
used in the article of shovels, manufactured by
the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Ames,] a large sale of which he has
hitherto enjoyed in Australia on account of the
superior quality of the article he made. He
is now perhaps in some danger of competition
from manufacturers abroad, so that that trade
may become extinct. Would it not be a proper
conrsc of legislation if we could reach the mat-
ter precisely and ascertain the amount of duties
paid by him ypon the iron and steel he uses,
to allow him a drawback upon the shovels ho
may manufacture and send to Australia? And
the same remark applies to boots and shoes, to
agricultural implements and to steam engines
in which our artisans particularly excel.
That is all we propose to do in relation to
this article of cotton. Even if the amount
manufactured should be no more than was
manufactured before the war, I want to set in
motion all those factories that have been stopped
since the war of the rebellion began even in the
South. Take the one hundred and eighty-five
cotton manufactories in a single State, the most
of which are now idle ; pass this bill, and we
at once set them in motion again.
Does any gentleman object? I cannot see
for myself how any gentleman will object. If
we succeed in manufacturing the whole cotton
crop I would gladly give it up, because instead
of a revenue of forty-four wo would have added
to the wealth of the country more than one
hundred million.
Mr. PAINE. I rise for the purpose of ask-
ing the gentleman from Vermont if he can
inform us how large a proportion of the cotton
crop is manufactured in the United States, in
order that the House may judge how large a
proportion of the internal revenue of the Uni-
ted States would be lost if a drawback be
allowed.
_Mr. MORRILL. Prom one quarter to one
third—perhaps not more than one fifth usually
of the cotton crop is used in America, and not
more than one tenth of that is manufactured
by us for export. The amount is very trifling.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Lynoil's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
entire section.
Mr. Chairman, the only theory on which this
tax ou raw cotton can be justified, and the
only theory on which it ig justified, is that we
have the monopoly of the production of cot-
ton. The testimony taken before the revenue
commissioners, as well as that taken before
the committee, was to the effect that we would
have the monopoly of the production of cotton
in this country.
The proposition of the committee is to take
from the Treasury of the United States what-
ever amount of revenue we collect from the
raw cotton manufactured in the United States
for exportation and placing it in the hands of
manufacturers of cotton goods.
For one I am in favor of protecting the man-
ufacture of cotton wherever it needs protec-
tion, but the testimony is that the manufac-
turers do not need any protection. It is true
they cannot manufacture what is needed in
this country. It is therefore rliat I am not pre-
pared to take money out of the Treasury of the
United States, when it has been placed there
to raise revenue, and to place it in the hands
of the manufacturers of cotton goods, to spe-
cially stimulate that interest.
I do not think for the next three or four
years we will have erected many new manu-
factories of cotton goods. The cost of ma-
chinery is too great. There are manufactories
enough to manufacture what is needed for this
country, and I am not willing to take money
out of the Treasury to encourage that industry.
I would be willing to encourage it, but not to
take money from the Treasury that we put
there to pay the interest on our debts and to
meet current expenses.
The evidence is that the manufacturers of cot-
ton goods need no protection at home; that they
can compete successfully with British manufac-
turers of cotton. I know gentlemen say there
is a certain class of cotton articles in this coun-
try in which we cannot compete with British
manufacture, low-price cotton goods, but they
arc a small amount. But we have not exported,
for the last four or five years, any great amount
of cotton goods.
A leading gentleman of a manufacturing
county of Massachusetts said, before the com-
mittee and before the revenue commissioners,
that the tax to-day was paid by the manufac-
turer of cotton, and not by the consumer—■
why? Because of the great advance in cotton.
We allow a drawback on the exportation of
manufactured goods, and we also allow two
cents drawback on raw cotton. I think that
is sufficient until we test the effect of this law.
Therefore I am in favor of letting the draw-
back remain as it is. I believe this tax on raw
cotton is an experiment. I think we can stand
a small duty on cotton. I do not believe, when
we produce from five to six and ten million
bales, we can afford to levy a heavy tax when
exported from the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. What is the average duty
on manufactured cotton goods abroad?
Mr. ALLISON. Twenty-eight per cent.
Mr. BLAINE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that with an average duty of
twenty-eight per cent, abroad and an excise
duty of five per cent., American manufactures
can compete with foreign manufactures ?
Mr. ALLISON. That is not my statement.
My statement is only the testimony of Mr.
Atkinson, a distinguished manufacturer of Bos-
ton, who said to the Committee of Ways and
Means that the manufactures of cotton could
compete in the future in the finest articles.
Mr. BLAINE. Of course that gentleman
must have meant that with the existing rate of
duties, both external and internal, we could
compete. He could not have meant anything
else than that. I admit that. If we need an
import duty of twenty-eight per cent, to enable
us to compete here, to place us on a level at
home, it is a simple absurdity our competing
with any foreign market. Therefore, unless
we give to the American manufacturers the
advantages we propose in this section, we just
simply give up all idea, we surrender here and
now all pretense of competing anywhere except
on our own soil.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman whether cotton manufacturers at
the present time are not able to compete with
foreign manufacturers in a great many articles.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not pretend to say but
they do.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state that for the last
two or three months our manufacturers have
been doing a losing business, and many have
stopped.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not hesitate to say that
it is a perfect absurdity to attempt in this coun-
try to compete with these manufactures, for we
have demonstrated over and over again that
with from twenty-five to forty per cent, before
our excise taxes were put ou, we could not
competc with them. Therefore, to take the
ground of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Ali.isox,] and strike that drawback section
out, is simply giving up all and surrendering
to British and other foreign manufacturers.
That must be the inevitable result.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the committee rise for the purpose of
adjourning.
Mr. MORRILL. Dispose of this section
first.
Mr. SPALDING-. We cannot get through.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. If the
vote car. be taken now, I will withdraw it.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Allison to strike out section
six, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Messrs. Randall of Pennsylvania,
and Kuykendall.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 1-1, noes 56 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ANCONA. I raise the point of order
that there being no quorum present it is neces-
sary that the roll shall be called.
Mr. MORRILL. I regret that the gentle-
man makes that point, but if ho insists of
course we shall have to adjourn. I was in
hopes we should sit until ten o' clock each night.
Mr. ANCONA. I will withdraw the point
of order if the gentleman will move an adjourn-
ment at ten o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL. I will as soon as we take
the question on striking out this section. I
think the House is ready to vote on it.
Mr. ANCONA. I will withdraw it with the
understanding that the committee rise.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. This is
a very important question and wo ought to
have a quorum.
The question being again taken on striking
out the section, there were—ayes 20, noes CO;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perham
and Eldridge were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 28, noes 65.
So the motion to strike out the section was
disagreed to.
The Clerk commenced to read the seventh
section.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
special order, being bill of the House No. 513,
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
puiposes," approved Juno 30, 1864, and acts
amendatory thereof, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WINDOM, (at
ten o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &-e.,were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BAXTER: The petition of Hon. Russell S.
Tait, and Hon. A. L. Catlin, and others, citizens of
the city of Burlington, Y ermont, praying for an addi-
tional tariff on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Hon. Amasa Pound, and 42
others, citizens of Lowell, Orleans county, Vermont,
praying- for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Joseph Marsh, and fii others,
citizens of Hincsburg, Chittenden county, Vermont,
praying for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of C. C. Burton, and 27 others,
citizens of St. Alban'sBav.Franklin eountv, Vermont
praying for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
By Mr. BEAMAN : Tho petition of II. B. Tucker,
and others, citizens of the counties of Ingham, Eaton,
Jackson, Calhoun, and Hillsdale, Michigan, prayin"
for an extension of the land grant to aid in the con-
struction of the Amboy, Lansing, and Grand Traverse
Ba,y railroad.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of Thomas Allen, of
Massachusetts, for the allowance ot a claim.
Jby Mr. DEMSOX : Tno petition of 0. Do Mesnil,
proposing to introduce into the United States a new
mr> it of boats on chains or cables.
V, • titill of wool-growers
woof eounty' 01lio- a-'iing an additional duty on
Also, the petition of HOwool-growers of Smithfield,
S ''\,n e(>unty, Ohio, on tho same subject.
liv Air. IFuLMES: Remonstrance of Dwight H.
j r-u '' a ethers, citizens and practicing attorneys
ot Chenango county, New York, against passage of
act reorganizing the Federal judiciary.
Ly Mr. KELSO: A petition from the citizens of
Springfield,Missouri, for alawregulatinginter-State
insurances of nil kinds.
