1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4*
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of tTie Secretary of the Treasury-.
Ho. of Heps,
tion, but by the enactment of some modifications
and amendments of the present law, coupled,
possibly, even with some reduction in the rates,
an increase of revenue from comparatively few
sources to the extent of some fifty or sixty mil-
lion dollars per annum over and above that
now Obtained, may be confidently relied on.
I#-this should be the case, an early repeal of a
multitude of small taxes which, from the in-
quisitorial character of their method of collec-
tion,' have become extremely- odious and ob-
jectionable, will be advisable.
Although the work of the commission has
been thus far mainly directed to the sources
likely to bo most productive of revenue, the
consideration of the subject of the administra-
tion of the law has not been' omitted by them;
and in this department it is believed'that some
valuable recommendations will be submitted
for the consideration of Congress.
As a gratifying feature of their work, the
commission report a most'cheerful and prompt
cooperation on the part of nearly all the rep-
resentatives of the industrial interests of the
country in the procurement of exact' informa-
tion, and a universal ex-pressiou. of ready ac-
quiescence in any demands, upon'them which
the future necessities of the Government may
require,, united, at" the same time, with a re-
quest that the Government should, on its part,
seek to equalize, so far as practicable, and
fairly, distribute, the aipportionment of its re-
quirements.
In view of the fact that the revision of the
whole revenue system has been committed to
this commission, the Secretary does not con-
sider it proper forhim to present his views upon
this important subject in advance of their final
report, which, it. is hoped, will be made early
in the session.
There are some subjects, however, presented
in the report of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue which require the attention of Con-
gress before the report of the commission is
received, and'in relation to which there should
be early action.
In putting into operation the system of in-
ternal revenue in the recently rebellious States,
it became necessary for the Secretary to decide
whether ot not an effort should be made to col-
lect the taxes which accrued prior to the es-
tablishment of revenue offices therein. After
giving the subject due consideration, the Sec-
retary, in view of the facts that there were no
Federal revenue officers to whom payment of
taxes could be made, that the people [many of
theminvoluntarily)had been subjected to heavy
taxation by the government which was at-
tempted to be established in opposition to that
of the United States, and had been greatly ex-
hausted by the ravages of war, issued a circu-
lar, under date of the 21st of June, declaring—
"That, without waiving in any degree the right of
the Government in respect to taxes which liad before
that time accrued in the States and Territories in in-
surrection, or assuming to exonerate the tax-payer
from his lc^al responsibility for such taxes, the De-
partment did not deem it advisable to insist, at pres-
ent, on their payment, so far as they were payable
prior to the establishment of a collection district em-
bracing a territory in which the ta-x-payer resided."
For substantially the same reasons that in-
duced the Secretary to issue this circular, he
deemed it to be his duty to suspend all further
sales under the direct tax law. Tax commis-
sioners, however, have been appointed for each
State, and-collections have been made, as far
as it has been practicable to make them without
sales of property. Some sales had, however,
been previously made in many of the States,
and large amounts of property had been pur-
chased for the Government. In South Carolina,
a portion of the lands thus purchased have since
been sold under the eleventh section of the act
of August, 1863.
During the war the laws in regard to stamps
have been, of course, iu the insurrectionary
States, entirely disregarded; and, as a conse-
quence, immense interests are thereby imper-
iled.
In view, ihcrefore? of the recent and present
condition of the southern States, the Secretary
recommends—
First. Thsit the collection of internal revenue
faxes which accrued before the establishment
of revenue offices in the States recently in re-
bellion be indefinitely postponed.
Second. That the sales of property in those
States, under the direct tax law, be suspended
until the- States shall have an opportunity of
assum'iftg-(as-wa,s-doneby the loyai States) the
payment of the tax assessed upon them.
Third.' That all transactions in such States,'
which may be invalid by the non-use of stamps,
be legalized as far as it is in the power of Con-
gress to legalize them.
What action, if any, should be taken-for the
relief of1 persons in those States, whose prop-
erty has been sold under the direct tax law, and
is now held by the Government, it will- be for
Congress to determine. The Secretary is de-
cidedly of the opinion that liberal legislation in-
regard to the taxes which accrued prior to the
suppression of- the rebellion will tend to pro-,
mote harmony between the Government and the
people of those States, will ultimately increase
the public revenues, and vindicate the humane
policy of the Government.
The Secretary is happy in being-able to state
that the affairs of the Bureau of Internal Rev-
enue are- being satisfactorily administered, and
the working of the system throughout the coun-
try is being gradually improved.
For want of proper accommodations in the
Treasury building the bureau has been removed
to the large and commodious building on Fif-
teenth street, which has been secured, for such
time as the Government may require its use, at
an annual rent of $"20,000.
The reciprocity treaty with Great Britain will
expire on the 17th of March next, and due no-
tice of this fact has been given, by circulars, to
the officers of customs on the northern frontiers.
There are grave doubts whether treaties of
this character do not interfere with the legisla-
tive power of Congress, and especially with the
constitutional power of the House of Represent-
atives to originate revenue bills; and whether
such treaties, if theyyieldanything notgranted-
by our generalrevenuelaws, are not in conflict
with the" spirit of the usual clause contained in
most of onr commercial treaties, to treat each
nation on the same footing as the most favored
nation, and not to grant, without an equivalent,
any particular favor to one nation not conceded
to another in respect to commerce and naviga-
tion.
It appears to be well established that the ad-
vantages of this treaty have not been mutual,
but have been in favor of the Canadas. Our
markets have been strong, extensive, and valu-
able ; theirs have been weak, limited, and gen-
erally far less profitable to our citizens. The
people of the Canadas and Provinces have been
sellers and we buyers of the same productions
for which we are often forced to seek a foreign
market. It is questionable, in fact, whether
any actual reciprocity, embracing many of the
articles now in the treaty, can be maintained
between the two countries. Even in regard to
the fisheries, it is by no means certain that, in-
stead of equivalents havingbeen acquired under
the treaty, more than equal advantages were
not surrendered by it. But, whatever the facts
may be, this subject, as well as that of inter-
communication through rivers and lakes, and
possibly canals and railroads, are proper sub-
jects of negotiation, and their importance should
secure early consideration.
It is certain that, in the arrangement of onr
complex system of revenue through the tariff
jand internal duties, the treaty has been the
cause of no little embarrassment. The subject
of the revenue should not be embarrassed by
treaty stipulations, but Congress should be left
to act upon it freely and independently. Any
arrangement between the United States and
the Canadas and Provinces, that may be con-
sidered mutually beneficial, can as readily be
perfected and carried out by reciprocallegisla- '
tion as by any other means. No complaint
would then arise as to subsequent changes of
laws, for each party would be free to act at all
times according to its discretion.
However desirable stability may be, an irre-
pealable revenue law, even-in ordinary' times, •
is open- to grave objections, and in any extraor- -
dinary crisis is likely to be pernicious. The
people of the United-States cannot Consent to1
be taxed as- producers while those outside ot"
our boimdarios, exempt from our burdens,
shall be permitted, as competitors,- to lkave free-
access to our markets. It is desirable to dimin-
ish the temptations noW-existingfolf smuggling,
and if the course suggested, of mutual legisla-
tion,- should be adopted, a rovonue system, both
internal and- external, more in harmony with
our own, might justly be anticipated i'1-om the
action of our neighbors, by which this result
would be most likely to be obtained.
The attention of- Congress is again called to
the iwiportaneeof early and definite action uj on
the subject of our mineral lands, in which sub-
ject are involved-* questions-notonly of revenue,
but social- questions' of a most interesting char-
acter.
Copartnership relations^beiween the" Govern-
ment and miners will hai'dlybe proposed, and
a system of leasehold', (if it were within the
constitutional' authority of Congress to adopt
it, and if it were-consistent with the character
and genius of our people,) after the'lessons
which have been taught of its practical results
in the lead and copper districts, cannot, of
course, be recommended.
Aftergivingthe subjectas much examination
as the eonstantpressure ol'official duties would
; permit, the Secretary has come to the conclu-
sion that the best policy to be pursued with
regard to- these- lands is the one which shall
substitute an.absolute title in fee for the indefi-
nite possessory rights or claims now asserted by
miners.
The right to obtain a "fee simple in the soil''
would invito to the mineral districts men of
character and enterprise; by creating homes,
(which will not be found wbere title to prop-
erty cannot be secured,) it would- give perma-
nency to the settlements, andt- by the stimulus
which ownership-always produces, it-would re-
sult in a-thorough and regular development o£
the mines.
A bill for the subdivision and sale of the gold
and silver lands of the United'States was under,
consideration by the last Congress, to which
attention is respectfully called. If the enact-
ment of this bill should not be deemed expe-
dient, and no satisfactory substitute can be re-
ported for the sale of these lands to the highest
bidder, on account of the possessory claims of
miners, it will then be important that the pol-
icy of extending the principle of preemption
to the mineral districts be considered. It is
not material, perhaps, how the end shall be at-
tained, but there can be no question that it is
of the highest importance, in a financial and
social point of view, that ownership of these
lands, in limited quantities to each purchaser,-
should be within the reach of the people of the1
United States who may desire to explore, and:
develop them.
In this connection, it may be advisable for-
Congress to consider whether the prosperity
of the treasure-producing districts would not-,
be increased, and the convenience of miners
greatly promoted, by the establishment of an;
assay office in every mining district from which
an annual production of gold- and silver
amounting to $10,000,000 is actually obtained.
The attempts at smuggling, stimulated by
the high rates of duties on imports, have en-
gaged the attention of the Department, and
such arrangements have been made for its_ de-
tection and prevention as seemed to be required
by the circumstances, and available for that
purpose.
It is quite apparent, however, that, with our
extensive sea-coasts and inland frontier, it is
impracticable entirely to prevent illicit traffic,
