1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
patentee of any improvement whatever. We
give liim t he exclusive privilege of it. and why?
Because his brain lias invented it simply. Is
it a premium 011 tin?brain or tho genius of the
man? No sir. It is to encourage similar in-
ventions. This is precisely in thai-line. We do
these things, give these piivileges to encourage,
enterprises, and enterprises which are beneiicial
to the public. Nobody will doubt that this
enterprise is beneficial. It oughtnot to be for-
gotten that these people do not ask any sub-
sidy. Not long since we granted a privilege
to build a line of telegraph across tho conti-
nent to the Pacific, and my recollection is that
we gave to that line $'10,000ayear subsidy for
ten years.
Mr. BROWN. I do 110I, think the Senator
presents the question exactly fair. These par-
ties do not ask a subsidy of so many thousand
dollars from the Government, but they do ask
the right to levy their Mib.sidv ad libilttin upon
the public in the shape of their charges, and
thatwithonlcompet't'on: and that is the heav-
iest subsidy that could be gi\ en them. [ would
infinitely rather give them a subsidy of any
number of thousands of dollars than give it to
them in this shape.
Mr. MOIiIUIjL. My reply to that is that
my honorable fiiend is not r(".ite accurate when
he says they have a subsidy in the right to
make their charges cvl lihilum, because their
charges are within the power and control of
Congress.
Mr. BltOWX. There is nothing specific to
that effect in the b<"tl.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senatorfrom Maine
will allow me to su^gc^t. that there was in tho
Pacific telegraph bill a limitation put upon tho
charges when we grained the right, to build a
telegraph line to San Kranei-co, and agreed
that we would ourselves pay S-lO.OOl) for the
Government use of the line, and ! have 110
doubt that, the Government use of the line has
been much more than §-10.000 a year every
year since it was Ijniit. There was put, into
the bill itself a limitation upon the price of
messages; 1 am confident of that. Such is
my recollection of that .statute.
Mr. CONNESS. i should like to inquire
if the Sena1 or lVom Maine has vielded the floor.
Mr. MOKRJLL. Yes, sir."
Mr. CONNESS. 1 only wish to say a very
few words on this subject. I was expecting to
hear from the Senator from Maine, who is a
member of the Committee on Commerce, some-
thing in reply 10 «haf was stated by the Sen-
ator from Ohio upon the question of- the sole
right given to this company ; but, as the Sena-
ator from Missouri staled, no sufficient reply
has been made 10 what was said by the Senator
from Ohio. This is certainly in the nature of
a monopoly exclusive in its character. Sup-
pose when Congress granted a subsidy to the
overland line of ielegiaph that in lieu of grant-
ing a subsidy the exclu-ive right to telegraph
between the Ailanlie anil Pacific had been
granted for a given number of years would yon
have any competing line at all? Could they not
have charged just what they pleased? Could
they not have excluded the construction of any
other lino ?
That is oxactly what this bill contemplates.
The language of it is that from Florida no other
party can construct a line to any other part
of the world within a given number of years.
Suppose we go on and increase this system, go
industriously at woik to examine the coast of
the United States of America and grant to an-
other company the exclusive privilege from
another part of <5ur coast to ,1 certain other part
of the earth, and so on around; shall we not
belt our entire coast by exclusive privileges?
I think it is a class of legislation that is very
questionable indeed.
Granting a subsidy is entirely another thing.
I would sooner vote to-day to grant any reason-
able amount of money that might be asked to
this company to aid them in establishing a line
in the direction spoken ot and in making it
profitable to them, than to grant them the ex-
clusive jurisdiction for any number of years.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 96.
Granting a subsidy is one thing ; granting an
exclusive right to A, B, and C to control a par-
ticular means of communication is entirely an-
other. I think myself that the Congress of t ho
United States have been stingy and scarcely
as liberal as they should have been in encour-
aging commercial relations by grants. How-
ever, that is not under consideration now ; but
it is a pretty serious proposition to grant an
exclusive right to any company.
I was visited by some of the gentlemen in-
terested in this measure, after the last discus-
sion that transpired in the Senate, and they laid
before mo the fact that the Spanish Govern-
ment had granted an exclusive right to certain
Spaniards forever. Suppose they have ; shall
we imitate Spain in that? I think it is hardly
in accordance with our policy.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. I ask the honorable
Senator from California how we are to get on
to tho island of Cuba with a telegraph v.'ire,
Mr. CONNESS. How will you get 011 if you
grant the exclusive right to this company on
your own coast for a number of years ? Will
that aid you in getting on the island of Cuba?
Mr. DOOUTTLE. Florida is the only land
where that wire can be put in the United States.
If we say our company shall have the sole and
exefhsive privilege of putting a telegraph wire
on our land, then tho two companies have to
meet each other face to face and come to a
compromise. It is the only way to overcome
the Spanish monopoly.
Mr. COXXESS. This seems to be simply
an ingenious argument 011 the part of the par-
tics who have this matter in hand. If the
Spanish Government have gi.mted an exclu-
sive jurisdiction to a certain company of their j
own, then to hinder them from enjoying it we 1
must grant—and there is no other means within I
our power than to grant—exclusive control !
within our own territory.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. I hope my friend from i
California, in the remark he made thai this was ;
an ingenious argument of the parries having it.
in hand, did uot regard me as any party in this
matter.
Mr. COXXESS. Not at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 never knew anything
about- the matter before it came up here.
Mr. COXXESS. The Senator will pardon
mo; 1 meant, the company having it, in hand.
Of course it is very far from me to regard any
Senator as havingthisin hand except as a pub-
lic measure. 1 know too well the honorable
Senators who are urging it here and-their pub-
lic spirit and motives and patriotism. That is
cut irely foreign to the whole question. I should
like to agree with the honoiable Senator from
Maine and the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, and would like to vote foi their bill, but it
does seem to mc to be a bill fraught with dilli-
cult-y and danger. I will join them in any lib-
eral appropriation of money, if it can be de-
monstrated that there can be a public good in
return.
Mr. S UMXETl. T wish to suggest a verbal
amendment in the second sect ion of the amend-
ment of the committee in the sixth line, to
strike out''diplomatic" and insertconsular."
There are 110 diplomatic agents of ours in the
West India islands.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. Our representation
there may be extended hereafter.
Mr. C0XXESS. Wo have diplomatic inter-
course with liaj ti.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it read " diplomatic or
consular." That would cover both.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I was not able to agree with
the majority of the committee which reported
this bill, and the ground of my dissent was one
of two reasons. 1 do not exactly know which,
[laughter.] and I was a good deal divided 011
that point in the committee ; but I know to a
dead certainty that I objected to the bill.
One of its provisions undertakes to grant to
this company the solo right to maintain tele-
graphic communications with these islands for
a given number of years, and another clause
of the bill says that' there is 110' sole right at all
given for these years, nor any right givea for
those years, but the power is reserved to the
Congress of the United States to repeal the
exclusive privilege and repeal the whole priv-
ilege whenever Congress shall see lit to do so.
It is either a bad thing or a good thing mis-
named ; I am not satisfied with it, let which
will be the case. If it is an attempt to grant
the exclusive privilege to this company or any
company to maintain telegraphic communica-
tions with these islands for a given number of
years I think we ought to discountenance, it.
1" am not unmindful of the fact that the whole
nation now is groaning under the restrictions
of a monopoly granted many years ago, the
arguments for which were just as strong and
stronger by far than can be adduced in favor
of this grant, by the State of New Jersey, and
we have boon exhausting ourselves in the effort
to find relief to the nation against the effects
of that monopoly: and .while we are setting
our faces against that, I do not think we ought
to sanction the same principle.
It does seem to me very certain that no ne-
cessity exists for granting an exclusive privi-
lege here that does not- exist or at least may
not bo urged on behalf of anv telegraph line
that ever was built or ever maybe, or any rail-
road, or any canal project that ever was started.
There is nothing experimental about it. Just
these two considerations seem to ino to be man-
ifest: either this will not be a paying enterprise,
and therefore tho company never will be en-
dangered by any competition, or it will be a
liberal-paying enterprise and the community
will demand and will need other facilities of
the same kind. If they do need other facili-
ties, 1 am unwilling to give my assent to a
measure which shall excludetlicm from having
those additional facilities. There is nothing
experimental about this. The fact that tele-
graphic communication may bo had by this
means is well established. There is nothing
doubtful about the practicability of laying a
lino to these islands, or, as the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. lbtowx] suggests, about, the
profit of it. As for myself I cannot speak con-
fidently as to the profit of it. 1 suppose these
gentlemen understand that, if they are will-
ing to put their money in it. if they are the only
ones who understand it. 110 other company will
ever compete with them. It will not be any
more certain if 0110 wire is laid between the
Floridas and the islands that another wire can
be laid than it is now that a dozen wires can
be laid and successfully laid. It may be doubt-
ful how far it will pay. It is doubtful to me;
it may not be to them. It bears no sort of
analogy, iu my judgment, to those monopolies
we give to great discoveiies. There they in-
troduce to human society something new, in-
ventions of their own, something that did not
before exist. They are creators, so to speak;
or if they create no now principle, they bring
to bear upon human affairs and human busi-
ness the new application of principles; and to
such it is perfectly just; it stimulates discovery.
We granted a monopoly to the man who dis-
covered this mode of telegraphing; but the ap-
plication of a well-known mode of communi-
cating with these islands by this particular route,
I cannot conceive demands tho recognition of
any such principle.
For these reasons I was not able to agree
with the committee in reporting the bill, and
I shall not be able to vote for it. I do not
think it is particularly dangerous, because of
the third section winch reserves to Congress
the right to repeal it. Still, if it is not an
exclusive privilege, you ought not to call it so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I submitted an
amendment to strike out the word "sole. ' If
I did not, I will do so now. That really in-
volves the whole hill. I would as scion take
the vote on that as on any other question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thoxy.) It is proposed to amend the amend-
ment by striking out of line live of section one
the word "sole."
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator might as
