1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3441
Take, if you please, the port of New York,
Boston, Philadelphia, or Buffalo ; any of these
officers may go upon a vessel that is already
loaded and just npou the point of leaving on
its regular trip and stop it. If the man who
has command of the vessel refuses to stop he
is liable to be^dicted and punished severely.
And not only may tliev stop t he vessel, but they
are authorized ta-pall to their aid all the pow-
ers of the Government for the purpose of stop-
ping it. They may use a revenue-cutter and
call in the aid necessary to stop that vessel;
and they may detain it while the officers arc
making an examination of every single pack-
age 011 hoard.
Now, 1 submit that we ought not to do an act
which shall put it in the hands of irresponsi-
ble men at e\erypoitof the country to embar-
rass the commerce under the simple pretense
of flopping smuggling. The evil would most
undoubtedly outweigh any good that could
possibly come from nnv such provision. Let
this provision have4 the same check and guard
that the provision has which authorizes these
men to arrest an individual, because H is a
thousand times more important that we should
control these men in the exercise of a power
which stops not only an indi\idual, but .stops
hundreds and thousands of them when they
are just ready to leave one of the ports of this
country for another or for a foreign port;
which stops a vessel under circumstances where
the damage may be hundreds of dollars per
hour. Thc-e men should ha\e some reason
to believe that there is something there which
warrants them in stopping the vessel. The in-
terests of commerce imperatively demand that
at least this safeguard should be ineoiporated
into this section.
I am aware that, under the eiy that there
must be nunc etlicient legislation for the pur-
pose of stopping Muugabug, we are liable to
do ju-4 what was done onee before by fon-
gi< -s, when there was a great outcry made in
relation to the gambling in gold in the oit}- of
Now York. Thi-' House, m a spasm of indig-
nation, undertook by law to settle the ques-
tion. but in less than ten days thereafter it saw
fit to unsettle it. It. saw what was true; that
the interests of trade and commerce were not
to be regulated by this sort of legislation.
One great and important object of legisla-
tion is to protect and encourage the interests
of trade; and now. because there happens to
be just at this time some preten-'e that there is
a necessity of a little more stringent legisla-
tion, is it proper or expedient, that we should
go to work to overthrow the well-settled prin-
ciples which every man understands must be
maintained in order that those iiit«-rests may
be protected i I am in fawn of making this
law as otiicmnt a-> po.-dble without infringing
Upon the lights of citizens of innocent citi-
zens. Let u •> do no act that shall violate the
pum iples upon which tho^e rights are main-
tained ami preserved. In addition, let us see
to it that i lie interest,of commerce, the great
interests of the country, shall in no way be
violated simply in answer to an unreason-
ing cry, an unreasoning effort to get a more
etliceut law for the purpoMj of punishing a
trivial crime.
i. believe thai these two amendments ought,
for the protection of the rights of the citizen
and for the protection of the interests of com-
merce, to be incorporated into this bill. 1 hope
that tlu* action of the House may be such as
will at least do third much toward protecting
those interests.
Mr. ELIOT obtained the lloor.
Mr. 1IALE. \\ ill the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts yield to me for a few minutes?
Mr. ELIOT. How much time have I?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has twen-
ty-st^eii minutes of the morning hour remain-
ing.
Mr. HALE, I will not occupy over ten
minutes, and probably not more than five
minutes.
Mr. ELIOT. Well, take five minute??.
39th Coxg. 1st Ress.—No. 210.
Mr. HALE. I ask the attention of the House
for a very few minutes. This is a bill which
this House ought to understand so far as re-
gards the effect of the amendment proposed
by my colleague from the Buffalo district, [Mr.
Hu.MriniKY.J Section four provides for cer-
tain penalties for smuggling, consisting of for-
feiture of goods, fines, and imprisonment. Its
provisions, although stringent, are undoubtedly
proper, except that it clones with what, seems
to be a very extraordinary pro\ ision, which my
colleague from the Buffalo district proposes to
strike out. 1 think it ought to be stricken out.
It provides that in a criminal prosecution where
a man is subjected to forfeiture of properly,
line, and imprisonment, the burden of proof
shall lie, not upon the prosecution, where by
all the rules of law it, is always placed, but
upon the defendant where ''probable cause"'
is shown.
Now. "probable causo" does not mean a
prima fur it' case, li'it. did there would be no
need of this pro\ ision. for if a prima ,/O'vV case
is made out the burden of proofalw a\ s rests on
the defendant. But "probable cause" has a
lixed, definite, and technical meaning. It
means such a around of suspicion as will pro-
tect the complainant lrom the charge of lalse
imprisonment or malicious prosecution. I can-
not believe that this House is prepared to adopt
a rule which will say that when a man is ar-
rested upon suspicion—not upon e\idenee suf-
ficient to coin iei him, but evidence sutiieieiit
to raise a suspicion merely—the burden of
proof shall be thrown upon him. \ do not
think thai sui li a pHnk.ion would add to the
protection of the rewnuc of the country. 1
am in favor of making thibill just as sti ingent
and etlicient as it, can bo made with pioper
regard to the lights of all parties who may
be implicated under it ; but, 1 do not think
there ever was a oa,-.e where crime was sup-
pressed by rewT.sing the ordinary rules of law.
I hope that the amendment of my colleague
will be adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. It is something to be able to
say. in reporting a bill containing so many im-
portant provisions, that a gentleman who lias
examined every section as carefull) as the gen-
tleman from the Bufialo distriit has done, has
been able to find but two provision* m it which
he desires to correct. I understand that there
are two amendments now bofoie the House
ottered by the gentleman from New Yoik, both
of which he has \ indicated in the speech which
he has just concluded.
The first of the amendments relates to the
second section of the bill, and the second to the
fouith section of the bill. The gout ietnan from
Buffalo first dLcu'-'sod the amendment to the
fourth section, and 1 will ^ay a few words upon
that subject. The question is not whether the
provision of tbi< hill is or is not in exact ac-
cordance with the laws of evidence pie\ailiiig
hitherto in eiiminal case>. That is not. the
point. If wo wore administering this law, and in
the capacity of judges should be called upon to
determine questions of evidence, it militarise,
and of course we ought to be controlled by the
rules applicable to tsidence in criminal cases.
But Congress is not controlled by any consid-
erations of that sort. The question we have lo
determine is not whether the provision is or is
not m accordance with what has been hereto-
fore, but whether the provision is not such a
one as, under the circumstances of the ca e,
ought to bo ineorpoiated in a law upon the
subject.
Now, this bill was reported by the Commit-
tee on Commence in the Senate and was sub-
jected there to very careful deliberation. And
no one provision of the bill called to itself
more examination thau the one which is now
the subject of discussion here. And the vari-
ous reason? which have been stated as prop-
erly urged against a provision of this sort were
urged and answered in theSenate. In the dis-
cussion upon that question in the Senate, as I
find by reference to the Globe, a short argu-
ment was made by an honorable Senator who
has been Secretary of the Treasury—a gen-
tleman whose public life is drawing to a close ;
I refer to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Guthrie.] In advocating this bill, and in giving
the reasons which induced him to vote for it
with the provision nowcontainedin it7 he states
the circumstances under which lie "was placed,
when Secretary of the Treasury, in regard to
this matter of smuggling. Without, reading
the argument that he makes, I will say that he
stated that in his judgment, it was needful that
stringent provisions should be embraced in
the law if it was desired to prevent smuggling.
If members do not want to prevent smuggling,
that is one thing. Now, 1 am perfectly ready
to admit that where smugglers are brought
before the courts, your laws must be plain,
must be explicit, must be strong, or else the
talent, the ingenuity, and the eloquence of gen-
tlemen whom they employ, will he suflicient to
override the provisions of the law.
But it is said thai, you must not put upon the
smuggler the duty of proving, of showing, of
explaining w beta1 he got the merchandise which
has not been entered in the custom-house. Why
should he not explain V The Go\ eminent finds
in the bauds of some man a large amount of
merchandise which has not been entered in the
custom-house. lie is prosecuted as a smug-
gler, and proof is produced that the merchan-
dise in his possession was there without the
pa) ment of duty. But the learned gentlemen
who may be employed to defend hitn, come
forward ami say, '' What of it all? To be sure
the Oovernment, charges thai these goods have
not been entered regularly, and have not paid
duties. What of it, all That is not, enough.
A man is to be held innocent until you prove
him guilty Prove whore he got his goods;
piov how he came by them; prove that they
were not entered in the custom-house. Ay ;
show more than that; show that, he received
the goods knowing that they had not been en-
tered.1'
That is the way they will talk. Now, sir, the
proof has been put in on the part of the Gov-
ernment. But the counsel for the defendant
calls upon the proseeut ing <dlicer to show where
the goods came from, to show facts that there
is but one man can show, and that man is the
defendant. Now, 1 waul It) know why the
defendant should not be called upon to show
that fact.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Hale]
says that "probable cause" means more than
u prima facte, ease." It means more, or it does
not mean so much, according to the stand-point
that may betaken. "Where the words "prob-
able cause' ' are used in connection with proceed-
ings in rem, where it is ordinarily found : or
where the words ''probable cause" are used in
order to justify an officer for having made a
complaint, as is the ca^e in many of our legal
statutes: or where those word 4 are used upon
a question to del ermine whether or not a party
shall be subjected to costs; m those cases, and
in others like, them, it maybe that what, the
gentleman from New Vork terms "suspicion''
hierelv will be enoaidi. But that, I apprehend,
is not the meaning of the words here. It may
not. perhaps.* mean that there shall be a full
prima jucic case made out, although upon
that point I am not prepared to yield to the
suggestions made by the gentleman from New
Yoik, from the Buffalo district, [Mr. Hum-
riirlv.] There is to be proof that the prop-
erty is in the hands of the party charged ; there
is to be pi oof that the property has not been
entered in the custom-house.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. ELIOT. For what purpose?
Mr. HUMPHREY. I merely want to ask a
question.
Mr. ELIOT. Very well; 1 will yield tor a
question.
Mr. HUMPHREY, This language is the
precise language used in the law under which
civil proceedings are now administered, and
the language has come to have a lixed judicial
