1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2481
By Mr. McINDOE: Tho petition of C, Moser, and
oilier?. asking that a, mail route be established from
Alma, Buffalo county, Wisconsin, to Durand, Pepm
county, Wisconsin. ,
Also, the petition of Hugh Douglas, and others,
asking for fcne extension -of mail route no, 1311^4
from Melrose, Jackson county,Wisconsin, to Sparta,
Monroe county, Wisconsin.
Also, the petition of 0. L. Maxson, askm? that
mail route No. 1316G, from Reed Landing, Minne-
sota, to Bay City, be extended to Prescott, Wiscon-
sin ; also, for the establishing of a mail routo from
River Falls, Picrce county, Wisconsin, to Urooks-
ville, St. Croix county, Wisconsin.
Also, the petition of Otis B. Lapham, and 310
others, in relation to the disposition of the grant of
Innd to tho State of Wisconsin to aid in the con-
struction of a. railroad from Portage City, or Berlin,
or Fond du Lac, or Doty's Island, to Bayfield, on
Lake Superior.
Also, the petition of II. Lewis, and 63 others, pray-
ing: for the passage of a law for the regulation of
Inter-State insurance.
Also, asking a- mail route from Manston, Juneau
county, Wisconsin, by Germantown, to Werner, Ju-
neau county, Wisconsin.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of Isaac II. Mor-
•erflji, and otheis, citizens of Poultney,Ruthmdcounty,
Vermont, praying for an additional tariff on foreign
-wool.
Also, the petition of J. R. Paxish, and 55 others,
eitizensof Randolph. Oiango county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
Also, thepetitionof Hon. 3.1. M. Bell, and36others,
citizens of Topsham, Orange county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Hon. Augustus P. Iiuntoon,
and 42 others, citizens of Bethel, Windsor county,
Vermont, pra.ying for an additional tariff on foreign
Also, the petition of T. A. Roundy, and 103 others,
«oitizons of Windsor county, Vermont, praying for an
increase of tariff on wool equal to protection given
to the manufacturers of woolens.
By Mr. OHTiE: The petition from officers and sol-
diers of Indian brigades, asking for bounties.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of George W. Mc-
€alvy, and others, citizens of Wheatland, Keno>ha
county, Wisconsin, for increase of duty oil foreign
wools.
Also, the petition of Thomas Slado, and others,
citizens of Wheatland, Kenosha county, Wisconsin,
for increase of duties on foreign wools.
By Mr. WASIIBURIT, of Massachusetts: The peti-
tion of Franklin Chillis, and 41 others, tobacco-
growers in tlic town of Conway, Massachusetts, ask-
in? for increased protection against tho importation
of cigars.
Also, the petition of George W. Groves, and 33
others, tobacco-growers in the town of Sunderland,
Massachusetts, for the same purpose.
By Mr. WOODBBIDUE: The petition of William
II. Hull, and 80 others, citizens of Wells, llutland
comity, Vermont, praying for an additional tariff on
foreign wool. . „
Also, tho petition of Seymour Harwood, and 5S
others, citizens of Rupert, Bennington county, Ver-
mont, praying for an additional tariff on foreign
wool. , ,
Also, tho petition of Horatio Tompleton, and oth-
ers, citizens of Washington county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Jason 1\ Lord, and 42 others,
citizens of lieedsboro, Bennington county, Vennont,
praying for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of S. W. Webster, and 42 others,
citizens of Stamford. Bennington county, Vermont,
praying for an additional tax on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Charles M. Bruce, and 44 oth-
ers. citizens of Danbury, Rutland county, Vermont,
praying for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 9, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. 15. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
Charles W. Whitney, praying for additional
compensation for building the iron-clad gun-
boat Keokuk; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of John
A. Wood, and others, representing that they
are engaged in running coal to market down
the Ohio river from Pittsburg, and that in the
prosecution of. that business they are much
annoyed and suffer great loss of property by
the bad navigation of the upper Ohio river, and
praying that Congress will grant the necessary
assistance for the purpose of preventing the
evil of which they complain; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented twenty-one petitions nu-
merously signed by citizens of Delaware county,
Pennsylvania, praying for such a modification
of the internal revenue laws as will tend to
relieve the manufacturing and laboring inter-
ests from the oppressive burdens under which
39th Gong. 1st Sess.—No. 15G.
they now suffer; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. W1LLEY. I present tho memorial of
one hundred and sixty-two citizens of Harpers
Ferry, West Virginia, setting forth the fact that
they purchased homesteads in that village from
the Government of the United States, and con-
tributed to the building up of the town, with
the assurance of the Government that the
armory established there would be permanent;
but in consequence of the results growing out
of tho war the armory has ccased to employ
any hands there in the service of the Govern-
ment, so that work has been discontinued, and
they are nearly ruined in consequence of the
depreciation of their property growing out of
these facts ; and they conclude by asking that
the Government may dispose of the property
owned by it at tho junction of the rivers to a
manufacturing company or otherwise, so that
the property may be still valuable, otherwise
they will be utterly ruined. I ask the refer-
ence of this memorial to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. CRESWELL presented the petition of
George C. Cooper and John G. Mitchell, on
behalf of a large number of citizens of Prince
George county, Maryland, praying for the estab-
lishment of a post route from Jiuena Vista to
Mitchellsville and Coopersrille, in thai county;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Tost lioads.
Mr. POMEllOY presented the memorial of
Lucy B. Armstrong, in behalf of certain stew-
ards of tho Wyandot "and Quinda.ro mission,
Kansas conference of the Methodist Ejjiseopal
church, piaying for an appropriation of $0,000
for the purpose of building churches and en-
closing the graveyards of the Wyandot Indians
with permanent enclosures, which was referred
to tho Committee on Indian Affairs.
pal'eks withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That John Graham have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers from tho liles of
tho Scnato.
REPORTS OF COMMITTERS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the_ Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of Enos Kellsy, <> 1 N apoli, Cattarau-
gus county, New York, setting forth that ho
has not a dollar's worth of property in the
world, and that of seven sons who entered the
service of the United States at tho outbreak of
the rebellion, he lost three, and praying.that
ho may bo granted a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it bo referred to the Committee 011 Military
Affairs and the Militia; which was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from tho Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a hill
(S. No. 289) to provide for the probate of and
for the recording of wills of real estate situated
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (II. R. No. 182) to incor-
porate the Howard Institute and Home of the
District of Columbia, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred tho peti-
tion of Mrs. Sarah J. Purcell, praying for a
pension, submitted a report, accompanied bya
bill, (S. No. 314,) for the relief ofSarah J. Pur-
cell. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLARIC, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred tho petition of
George 'W. Martin, praying for an investiga-
tion of an alteration which he alleges to have
been made in the executive record of the Sen-
ate, whereby the confirmation of his nomina-
tion as a military storekeeper in the Army was
not communicated to the President, in conse-
quence of which he failed to reccive his com-
mission, submitted a report thereon, accom-
panied by tho following resolution s
Resolved, That immediately upon the close of each
session of Congress, (ho Secretary of the Senate shall
make a list of all noininationsnot acted npen  y,the
Senate, ami after having made a record thereof, small
transmit tho same to tho I'reaideiU.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (H. K. No. 1U0) to carry into immediate
effect the bill to provide for the better organi-
zation of the pay department of the Navy; •
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. W1LLEY, from the Committee 011 the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 2'J5) repealing the thirty-fourth
section of tho declaration of rights of the State
of Maryland so far as the same has been rec-
ognized or adopted in the Dislrict of Colum-
bia. reported it, without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
12) for the relief of Ruth Ellen Orelaud, widow
of John II. Grelaud, deceased, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee 011 the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. !>7) in addition to the several acts
for establishing tho temporary and permanent
seat of government of the United States, and
to resume the legislative powers delegated to
the cities of Washington and Georgetown and
the levy court in the District of Columbia,
reported it with amendments.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 2(55) to protect the
manufacturers of mineral waters in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (II. R. No. 510) to incorpo-
rate the Academy of Music of Washington city,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. The same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. 005) to amend
an act entitled "An act concerning notaries
public in the Dislrict of Columbia," approved
April 8, 18UJ, have instructed me to report that
legislation 011 the subject is inexpedient. I
move that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Thennolion was agreed to.
ISIU.S INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I have received a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, relating to
the. Sioux Indians, accompanied by a bill. I
ask leave without previous notice to introduce
the bill that it may be read twice, referred to
the Committee on 'Indian Affairs, and printed.
There being 110 objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 312) to restore to
certain bands of Sioux Indians tho balance of
certain annuities heretofore confiscated; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 81:"!) to regulate the transportation of nitro-
glycerine, or glynoin oil; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee 011 Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce abill
(S. No. 315) to regulate appointments to and
removals from office; which was read twice by
■ its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have that
bill read at length, if there be no objection.
Several Sbyatobs. Oh, no ; let it be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. As the subject is under dis-
cussion before the Senate now, I should really-
like to have it read.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is not lengthy.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very unusual to read
bills at length when they are introduced. 1
ask that it be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be entered, if there be no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S.
No. 310) to establish a post route from West
Alburg, Vermont, to Champlaro, m the Stat#
