4®S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
able to a more equitable mode that will be difficult to
adjust? Under this question may be considered, first,
the right of a lira-go: second, the mode of suffrage;
third, the plan of representation."
• A palpable, pointed distinction by Madison
just before tlie adoption of the Constitution)
distinguishing between the right of suffrage and
tie mode of suffrage. And I presume my friend
■will admit that there is no greater synonym in
the English language than " mode " and " man-
ner." If he doubts, I refer him to Webster's
Dictionary.
Further, Mr. Madison says, pursuing the same
distinction:
" As to the first, I think the extent which ought to
be given to this right a matter of great delicacy and
of critical importance. To restrain it to the landhold-
ers will in time exclude too great a proportion of citi-
zens without regard to property, or even to all who
possess a pittance, may throw too much power into
hands which will either abuse it themselves or sell it
to the rioh' who will abuse it. I have thought it might
be a good middle course to narrow this right in the
choice of the least popular, and to enlarge it in that
of tho more popular branch of the Logisiatu re. There
is an exampleof this distinction in North Carolina, if
in none of the other States." A * "In
a general view, I see no reason why the lights of prop-
erty, which chiefly bears tho burden of Government,
and is so much an object of legislation, should not be
respected as well as personal rights in the choice of
rulers."
Thus we see that great statesman, so far from
going for universal suffrage, so far from con-
fusing the "manner of holding elections" with
the right of voting at an election, made this dis-
tinction poiutedly, and assorted the necessity of
balancing the representation of one interest, by
the representation of another.
Then he says:
"Second, as to the mode of suffrage, 1 lean strongly
to that of the ballot, notwithstanding the objections
which Ho against, it. It appears to mo to be the only
radical cure for those arts of electioneering which
poison the very fountain of liberty. The States in
which tho ballot has boen the standing mode aro the
only instances in which elections aro tolerably chaste
and those arts in disgrace. If it should be thought
improper to fix thismodoby theConstitution, Iahould
think it at least necessary to avoid any constitutional
bar to a future adoption of it."
There is a specific illustration showing what
Mr. Madison did mean by tho words "mode of
suffrage." It was simply the way in which the
qualified electors should make their will known,
and not to declare %oho should be qualified elect-
ors. Mr. Madison stood upon the explicit dec-
' laration which I cited from the Federalist the
other day, that that clause which left the ques-
tion of qualification to the States "must be
satisfactory fo every State, because it is con-
formable to the standard already established or
which may be eslabliihed bi/ the Htate ■itself."
And again, in that other citation which 1" made
fromhis declaration written long after the adop-
tion of the Constitution:
" State* con, thvmtgh forrnt of the cmstitutionnl elect-
ive provision*, control the General Government. This
Lthe General Ovvernnicnt\hau no agency in electing State
{lover-amenta, and can on/if control them through the ftmn-
tionarie ,iinrticulnrli/thejuclleiari/,«f'tiic General (lov-
er nniGfit."
Now, I have citcd enou£>h to show that there
was a distinction broad and clear made by 11 r.
Madison between the "right of suffrage" and
tho ''mode of suffrage," that that distinction
runs all through his writings, and all through
his debates; and further thatMr. Madison was
exceedingly scrupulous touching the right of
suffrage itself as to tho extent to which it should
be carried in view of the safety of tho country
and all its great interests.
I submit, then, in view of these citations, and
of the declarations of Mr. Madison quoted by the
gentleman himself, and which I read a few mo-
ments ago, that it is a little remarkable that my
distinguished friend from Pennsylvania should
close his observations with the declaration that
he had now redeemed his promise to establish
beyond question his view of Mr. Madison's dec-
larations touching the construction of this
clause of the Constitution.
lVhile_ I agree with tho gentleman that we
have a right to control the times, places, and
manner of voting for members of Congress,
the gentleman goes further, and maintain! that
we nave a right to control the electoral qualifi-
cations in local State elections, thus absorbing
the most important element of our municipal
liberties and domestic rights.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that is all I have to say
upon that subject. I only wish to add generally
touching amendments to the Constitution, this
and all others, that I am firm in the conviction
that no amendment to that great instrument
ought to be adopted by this House or submitted
to the country, except those which look to the
great future of the country and the safety of all
parts of this country, rather than to the mere
embarrassment and incumbrance of a particu-
lar portion of it. It may boar upon the South
to-day as we want it to bear; it may next year,
or a few years lionce, bear upon us at the North
as we should be most reluctant to have it bear.
Immigration flows in tides to and fro; manu-
facturing, commercial, and agricultural inter-
ests move to and fro in different sections of this
Union ; majorities change from year to year;
the opinions of men change; and I think it
the duty of all statesmen to do what Mr. Madi-
son said was the object of a more conservative
Senate, that is, to resist the'' occasional impetu-
osities," as he styled them of the more numer-
ous branch of the Legislature, that the great
permanent principles that underlie this Gov-
ernment may have themselves a permanency
which is far better than a fluctuating funda-
mental law, changed to meet some immediate
or temporary occasion. Better submit to some
ills that we know than rush into others that we
know not of.
Mr. Will GUT. Mr. Speaker, I had intended
to have remained a silent spectator of the stir-
ring scenes which we are witnessing in this
Hall upon the important subject under consid-
eration. Hut sil"iice has ceased to lie a virtue.
To manifest indifference oil so important a
subject as that under discussion would justify
my constituents in charging me with almost
criminal neglect. If I understand the object
of the amendment, now before the House, it
contemplates a radical change in the organic
law of the nation, and in the character and
quality of the voting population. In the few
remarks I purpose to make on this occasion, 1
will endeavor to deal with the subject fairly
and with candor. This continued tinkering
with the Constitution is pregnant with danger
in the last degree. And although I arrive at a
different conclusion from my honorable friend
from Rhode Island, still, I thank him for arrest-
ing, by his judicious remarks, the novel and
dangerous practice of locomotive legislation.
Sir, this is a question that calls for our gra-
vest consideration and the most mature reflec-
tion. ^ Yet, the patriarchal chairman of the
committee, who brought forward this amend-
ment and applied the gag of the previous ques-
tion to cut, off all debate, seemed inclined to
treat it as an ordinary resolution of the passing
hour. In this, f think, with great respect, he
committed an error, and the subsequent action
of the House has served to convince me of his
mistake and of their better judgment.
Sir, only a few days since a bill was intro-
duced to foist over the uuforlnnatc and unrep-
resented people of the District of Columbia
unqualified universal negro suffrage. Through
the medium of the previous question it passed
through all the forms of law, as far as this House
is concerned, in a single hour. Perhaps this
measure of "indecent haste," in the opinion
of the radicals,_ is necessary to carry out their
programme, which, in my humble opinion, if
successful, will be but tho entering wedge to a
great design to thwart the President in his plan
of reconstruction, to bar the Representatives of
the southern States from admission by requir-
ing an oath, the constitutionality of which has
been doubted, to coerce the southern States into
a concession of negro suffrage and negro equal-
ity, or to promote a war of races, having for its
sole and only object the retention of political
power in the hands of the radicals. Sir, what
gave_ birth to that extraordinary proposition ?
Did it emanate from the people who are to be
affected by it, or may it not be regarded rather
as a spasmodic effort to test the' power of en-
durance of those unfortunates placed by the
organic law under our special care and protec-
tion?
Mr. Speaker, this District, so frequently ma-
ligned, which has_ neither Representative nor
Delegate, has furnished seveial thousand patri-
otic men to swell the noble Army of the Union.
They fought to save the Republic, to emancipate
the negro race from the thralldom of slavery, and
now return to be subjugated by the very race
they have freed. The right to rule should bring
with it the exercise of a reasonable discretion
and a regard for the dispensation of equal and
exact justice, of which no honest man can or
ought to divest himself. Sir, I have never been
an ultra man on any subject. I have the honor
to represent a large, intelligent, patriotic, and
conservative constituency. They are men who
cannot be excelled in the exhibition of the high-
est order of humanity toward the negro. I am
unable to say what effect time, cultivation, and
education of that race may produce upon the
minds of those I represent; but I may safely
venture the assurance that at the present time
the great, body of my constituents are unpre-
pared to be made a party to the plan of imme-
diate, unqualified, universal negro suffrage.
This is carrying the joke, if it be such, a little
too far.
Sir, if we were startled by such a proposition,
affecting only the District of Columbia, the na-
tion will be astounded to learn that it is in con-
templation by the radicals to seize upon the
Constitution and extend by a so-called amend-
ment the area of this iniquity until its pernicious
effects shall be felt from the center to the ex-
tremest limits of the Republic. What Congress
could not or would not do in making a direct
issue with the President upon his humane plan
of reconstruction, is now sought by this amend-
ment to be compassed by indirection. It is
boldly demanded, in furtherance of this project,
that coercion of the southern people will be re-
sorted to to compel them to relinquish the an-
cient and well-settled right to regulate the exer-
cise of the elective franchise in their respective
States, and give the negroes unqualified free suf-
frage, or, until these requirements are acceded
to, to diminish or to exclude, all the Representa-
tives from the non-consenting States. This bold
attempt to substitute numerical force in the
place of constitutional law is to my mind sub-
versive of the Government, and an exhibition
of tyranny in its worst and most rejjulsive form.
It is a policy that risks all to save all: and I
am in doubt as to which will cxcel in turpitude,
the boldness of its conception, or the baseness
of its consummation.
Sir, tho southern Stales are called conquered
territories. A few days ago, on this floor, a
telegram announced that the State of Georgia
(one of those self-same conquered territories)
had completed tho number of States necessary
fo the adoption of the constitutional amend-
ment for the extinguishment of slavery. This
Hall resounded with the plaudits of all within
it who approved the act,. So anxious were the
radicals to carry out their idea that they did
not scruple to apply to or coerce three of those
conquered territories to legalize the emancipa-
tion amendment. Now. the Constitution of the
United States requires the approval of the Legis-
latures of three fourths of the States to perfect
the adoption of a constitutional amendment.
As such the action of these States was legal, and
this House committed itself by its acknowledg-
ment and acceptance. They certainly could
not receive such a vote as coming from Terri-
tories, as that would be clearly in violation of
the organic law. But there was no alterna-
tive. _ They had to be received as States within
the Union or not at all. The Clerk had even
refused to place upon his list either of those three
States by whose votes the desired end had been
attained. Yet the House refused to keep up
tho unities, for in five minutes afterward, when
the legally elected Representatives from those
States offered their credentials, their right of
admittance was denied, the doors of this Hall
barred against them, and they were turned igno-
miniously away. I declare here boldly that
such shameful inconsistency and injustice wilj
