844.2
THE OOJSFGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
construction. Now, if we as a legislative body
employ this very language in a bill, will the
gentleman pretend that the court administer-
ing our law would not say that it should be
construed as the courts have hitherto con-
strued it ?
Mr. ELIOT. The next time my learned
friend appears in court to defend a smuggler,'
he will be the very first man to contcnd that it
could not have been that thewords " probable
cause" in this connection meant that kind of
probable cause which has been required in
questions of costs or probable cause of suit.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man this question: if the phrase which is used
means more than is commonly understood by
the technical phrase "probable cause/' if it
means, in other words, a prima facie case,
what necessity is there for this provision?
Where a prima fade, case is made out, is not
the burden of proof always upon the defend-
ant?
Mr. ELIOT. That involves the question,
■what is meant by the "burden of proof?"
Some very good lawyers believe that there is a
very loose way of talking about "burden of
proof." In a criminal proceeding, what is
fairly called the '• burden of proof " does not
shift. The burden of proof is on the Govern-
ment wholly and throughout, and when all the
evidence is in, the question is, " Has the Gov-
ernment proved the case?"
In the course of the trial of a cause there may
be proved facts which must be explained, or
which, if not explained, will justify the jury in
finding a verdict of conviction. In such a case
it is sometimes said by the profession the bur-
den of proof shifts. That, I suppose, is what my
friend from Pennsylvania means. For instance,
a man is charged with having stolen a watch;
the owner of the watch comes upon the stand
and swears that he had the watch an hour be-
fore it was found upon the defendant; that he
never parted with it willingly. The defendant,
the watch having been found in his hands, is
charged with stealing it. Under these circum-
stances ho must explain how it came into his
possession. It would be said ordinarily that
.the burden of proof is on him to explain that
matter. But that mode of speaking is not cor-
rect. The bnrden of proof is throughout on
the Government to sustain the charge. But
there are circumstances which, though not
amounting in themselves to direct and conclu-
sive evidence, raise such a presumption of guilt
that, if unexplained by the defendant, they
justify the jury in convicting.
Mr. THAYER. I will a.-k the gentleman,
why not leave the rules of evidence in cases
arising under this bill just where you leave
the rules of evidence in the case which ho has
put by way of illustration? Why should we
not apply in the cases arising under this bill
the same rules of evidence that are applied
with reference to the crime of larceny or the
crime of receiving stolen goods? Why should
we not leave these cases to be determined ac-
cording to the general rules of law which reg-
ulate criminal trials instead of undertaking to
make a special code of rules for the offense of
smuggling ?
Mr. ELIOT. That is jnst what this does.
This brings the smuggler into the same cate-
gory with the man who is charged with having
stolen a watch. Let me tell the gentleman
that in this case of smuggling the facts are not
of the same kind as those in the prosecution
of a man for stealing a watch, because there
the owner of the watch is on hand to identify !
his property. Here the owner of the property I
is not present, and the Government has it not ;
in its power to show the fact. The only object j
of the provision is, on probable cause shown, :
to lequiretbe defendant to explain how it was 1
he came by the goods which are til" subject of !
charge. It is to put him where the man charged ,
with stealing a watch is put when the owner of
the property is on the stand identifying it, and
showing he never parted with it willingly.
Mr. HALE. Is not that the law now?
Mr. ELIOT. My learned friend from the
Buffalo district [Mr. Humphrey] will be able
to say that is not the law as administered in
smuggling trials.
Mr. HALE. Itisthelaw, notwithstanding.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to say, with the in-
dulgence of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, as I cannot have the privilege of speak-
ing when he has closed, in all cases the ques-
tion of guilt may be made out by circumstan-
tial evidence, and the jury is at perfect liberty
to convict if in their judgment the circum-
stances give rise to a fair presumption of
guilt. But that is not the proposition in the
clause which the gentleman from New York
moved to strike out—the proposition in that
clause to make it incumbent on the judge to
charge the defendant is guilty unless he has
thrown off what it is proposed to put upon him,
the bnrden of proof. It is to convict him by
operation of law, and not to leave it as a ques-
tion of fact for the jury to determine the cir-
cumstances of the case. I want to ask the
gentleman why the rules of evidence applied
to all other criminal cases should not be ap-
plied to cases arising under the law now the
subject of construction.
Mr. ELIOT. Without stopping to answer
the first part of the gentleman's remarks, I will
answer his last question here. Assuming this
is a change to the extent he states, I tell him
the time has come, if the smuggling laws are
to be enforced, when there must be to that
extent that change of the law. I tell him the
men who are carrying on smuggling are men
of skill. It takes skill to make a smuggler.
It is a profitable business. The men engaged
in it employ the best talent at the bar, and the
handsome, honest face of my friend from Buf-
falo. and the earnestand enthusiastic eloquence
which he can employ, will be all brought to
bear in favor of the men who violate the law.
It is more than we can do, if I am to rely upon
the evidence which comes to me from the
Treasury Department, to enforce the laws in
reference to smuggling on the present rules of
evidence. So that if it be as I think it is, not
to the extent claimed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, if it be the provision in this sec-
tion does to a certain extent change it, I say,
first, Congress has the right to do it; and sec-
ond, because for the reason given we arc called
upon to this extent to do it.
Mr. HALE. Pardon mo a single suggestion.
If the principle the gentleman now contends
for is the one sought to be established it may
be better done by inserting two legal maxims:
first, that all men are to be presumed guilty
until they prove themselves innocent; and sec-
ond. it is better that ninety-nine innocent ones
should suffer than one guilty should escape.
Mr. ELIOT. That is not as bright as my
friend would suppose.
Mr. HALE. I do not think it is very bright,
but it conforms to the provisions of the gentle-
man's bill, which 1 do not* think bright.
Mr. ELIOT. The law will be the same on
that, point as before; a man is to beheld inno-
cent until proved to be guilty. When facts are
alleged which the Government cannot prove,
but which he can show, which the Government
cannot make plain, but which ho can but will
not make plain, then the effect is simply to put
the burden which those facts should put upon
him. Now, I have desired to call the previous
question, and I will say this: if the House
desires further debate upon the biil let it vote
down the previous question. I want to have
decisive action upon the bill. This provision
ought, I believe, to be put in it; but if the
House is unwilling to second the previous
question I shall acquiesce.
Mr. ELI)RIDGE. I appeal to the gentle-
man not at this moment to insist upon calling
the previous question, but to allow me to offer
an amendment. I understood him to say on
yesterday that if anybody had objections to
this bill he would allow an opportunity for
amendment and correction.
Mr. ELIOT. I beg pardon; I did not say
any such thing. What 1 said was in reference
to the wishes of my colleague on the committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to, say that I
hove an amendment which anxious to
o'ffer, and I wish to state my'resons for pro-
posing it. If the gentlemaijj^ill hear my rea-
sons, then he may make hiWeeision in regard
to allowing me to offer it.
Mr. ELIOT. I will allow it to be reported.
The Clerk read the amendment proposed by
Mr. Eldmdge, as follows:
Amend the bill by striking out all after the enacting
elausc of section twenty, and inserting " that section
four, of chapter thirty-one, of an act concerning the
navigation of the United States, approved March 1,
1817, be, and the same-is hereby, repealed."
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot consent, to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not. think the gen-
tleman comprehends the force of this amend-
ment, and I ask to be allowed to state the rea-
sons for and the effect of it. That section, to
which this is amendatory, operates very inju-
riously against the western producer in the
transportation of wheat from the western States
to the East. We desire that all vessels engage'd
in the carrying business, without regard to na-
tionality, may compete for this trade and bus-
iness. This will prevent the agreement by
American vessels upon the rate of charges and
allow competition in favor of the producer of
wheat.
Mr. ELIOT. I think the gentleman cannot
have read section four of the act of 1317. By
that section it is provided that no goods shall be
transported from one port of the United States
to another in foreign vessels unless those ves-
sels shall leave apart of their cargo at one port
and carry the rest of it to the other. This sec-
tion which the gentleman would strike out
simply provides—
"That if any goods, wares, or ,norchandise shall,
at any port or place in the'United States on the north-
ern, northeastern, or northwestern frontiers thereof,
be laden upon any vessel belonging wholly or in part
to a subject or subject;; of a foreign country or coun-
tries, and shall be taken thence to a foreign port or
place, to be reladen and rcsbipped to any other port
or place in the United States On said frontiers, either
bv the same or any other vessel, foreign or American,
with intent to evade the provisions of the fourth
.section of 'the act concerning ttio na.vWation of the
United States,' approved March 1, 1817, the said
goods, wares, and merchandise shall, on theii arrival
at such last-named poit or place, bo seized and for-
feited to the United States, and the vessel shall pa> a
tonnage duty of fifty cents per ton oil her admeas-
urement."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is quite
mistaken in supposing that 1 have not read this
section. 1 have it now by me and desire to
have it read for the information of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
| Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope it will not be
| seconded. The provision I have referred to
will operate very oppressively upon the wheat-
growers of the West.
Mr. ELIO T. It keeps foreign vessels out.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order;
the gentleman from Massachusetts has himself
moved the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It prevents all competi-
tion and allows certain lines of vessels to estab-
lish just such freights as they please.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Eliot and Eldbidoe.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 42.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question was first upon the first amend-
ment, offered by Mr. Humphrey, as follows:
Page 5, section four, line thirteen, strike out all
after the word "court'' to the end of the section, as
follows:
And the burden of proof shall bo upon the claim-
ant where probable cause isshown for such prosecu-
tion, to be judsred of by the court before which the
prosecution is held.
Mr. SPA LD ING demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
