1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3443
The question was put: and there were—ayes.
5S, noes 36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the second amend-
ment ottered by Mr. Humphrey, to amend sec-
tion two of the bill, in lino seven, by inserting
after the word "district"'the words ''where he
or'they shall suspect there are goods, wares, or
merchandise thereon, subject to duty, or which
shall have been introduced into the United
States in any manner contrary to law.''
Mr. ELIOT. That amendment would de-
stroy the bill. That is all that the law now
requires. I call for tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Humphrey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 35, noes 5S>.
Mr. ELDR1DGE called for the yeas and
nays, and for tellers on the yeas and nuvs.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 call the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will yield long enough for the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Ejjbridoe] to be offered. There is a rea-
son for the adoption of that amendment which
I think will be satisfactory to the judgment of
the gentleman.
Mr. ELIOT. When does the morning hour
expire?
The SPEAKER. In one minute.
Mr. ELIOT. Then 1 hope the gentleman
will not ask me to yield. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ELDRllHiK demanded tellers on sec-
onding the prc\ious question.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Le Blond
and O'Neii.i, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-four, noes not counted.
So the previous quest ion was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put, being upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. ELDlilDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100. nays not vot-
ing 49; as follows:
YEAS —Mw-n-. AUi m. .W*. Dolus R. A-lilpy,
Janice M. AmiIcv. Baldwin, Bunks, Beaioail, Ben-
jamin, Bidweli, Bingham, Blame, Blow, Bouiwell,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buektaml, Bundy, Cobb, Conk-
linf;, Cook, Cuttoni, Davis, Dawo-, Dixon, Donnelly,
Dri^s, Diimont, Eekley, K^'le-ton, Kliot, Faiuuhar,
li'crry, lirmnelt, Gnswold, Hale, 11;11-1, Haves, Hen-
derson, llierby, Holme-', iloopor, llcioa* ilubbald,
John II. Hubbard, .lames R. Ilubboit, Hulbunl,
fiiKersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kettcv, Kebo, Lallm,
Latham, Geoip;e V. Lawrence. William LawretKu-,
Longyi-ar, Marvin, MeCtur'-', MoKoe, MeRuer, Mei-
cur, Miller, Mooihoad, Murn!!. Morris. Moulton,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, IVrham, Pike, Price,
Iladioid, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice. John 11.
Rice, Rollins. Sawver, Seotield, Sbollabai'Rcr. Spal-
ding, Stevens, Stihvell, Taylor, Thayer, John L.
Thomas, Trowbi id^e, Cpson, Bmt Van Horn, Ward,
Warner, Houry D. Washburn,Wiltiaai B. Wu-bburn,
Welker, Wentworth. Whaley, .Jamc> K. \Vii-<>n,
Stephen F. Wilson. Windoin, and Woodbridsie- 100.
NAYS—Messrs. An eon a, Anderson, Bergen, Boy or,
Dawson, Dcnison. Hldridorc, Finek, Glo^sbrenner,
Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Hardimr, Harris, llo^an,
Humphrey, Kerr. Kuykendali, Le Blond. Marshall,
McCulloch, Niblaek,Nicholson,Noell,Hitter, Ross,
Rousseau. Sbanktin. SitErea.vcs, Stiouse, Thornton,
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, and Wintield—.kS.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Alley, Baker, Barker,
Baxter, Brandexee, Ohanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, CofTroth. Culver, Dai liner, Detrec-',
Delano. Demi net. Dodsc, Fa msworth, Garfield, Abner I
C. Hardin;?, Hill, llotohkiss, Asahcl W. Hubbard.
Chester 1). Hubbard, Edwin N. llubbcil, Jenekes,
Johnson, Jones. Ketcham, Loan, Lynch, MaisUm,
Molndoe, Newell, Patter-'on, Phelps, Plants, Pom-
eroy, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Rogers. Sehenck, Sloan, Smith, Starr,Taber, Francis
Thomas, Van Aernam, I-Jibu J3. Washburue, Wil-
liams, and Wright—19.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to recousider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider uporr the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (II. R. No. 179) amendatory of the
organic act of Washington Territory ;
An act (II. R. No. o'.U) to create the office
of surveyor general in Idaho Territory; and
An act (Ii. R. No. 145) granting land to A.
M. Jess, of Josephine county, Oregon.
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to say to the House
that the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce [Mr. Wasiibi-rxk, of Illinois,1 is unfor-
tunately confined to his bed by indisposition.
He hopes to lie able to come here in the course
of three or four or live days. He has sent to
me, desiring that I should say to the House
that lie has two or three bills in his charge, and
that he hopes the House will give him leave to
report them when he is able to be in his seal.
I ask leave tor him to do so, say this day week,
if he is able to be here.
No objection was made, and leave was
granted accordingly.
ltHI'O'iT Or RECONSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.
Mr. BLOW. I was absent from the city at
the time the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion made their repoft. 1 ask permission of the
House to sign my name to that report.
No objection was made, and leave was
granted accordingly.
COItltCCTION OF THIS JOt'ltN\L.
Mr. DIIMONT. 1 rise lor the purpose of
asking that (he Journal may be corrected. I
voted yesterday in the affirmative upon the bill
in relation to the Smoky Hill Fork lailroad.
My name is no! so recorded on the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected. The response of the gentleman was
not heard, by the Clerk yesterday.
TAX DILI,
Mr. MORRILL. 1 am ready now to report
from the Committee of Ways and .Means upon
the amendments of the Senate to what is com-
monly known as the tax bill. There are over
six hundred and sixty amendments of (he Sen-
ate to this bill, many of which are nieiely ver-
bal. The Committee of Vt'a)s and Moans, in
their recommendations, have endeavored to
follow the expressed opinions of the House as
indicated by their \otes. If any gentleman
will indicate the amendments upon which a
separate \ofc is desired, 1 will ask to ha\e that
amendment reserved for a separate vote. I
will say. in the first place, that- the Senate have
reduced the lax upon cotton from five cents to
two cents per pound. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in
that amendment.
Mr. IvASSOX. I ask a separate vote on
that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Task a separale vote upon the
amendment of the Senate in relation to the tax
upon street railroads.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state souk; of the
amendments, by numbers, and the subjects to
which they relate, so that members may-under-
stand them The two hundred and seventy-
sixth amendment of the Senate it, in relation
to gas companies. 'Die Senate's amendment
proposes to allow the gas companies to add the
tax to the price charged; while the Committee
of Ways and Moans thought that was just, the
House, it will be remembered, thought other-
wise, and struck it out. The Committee of
Ways and Means therefore recommend a non-
couturrenr e.
Mr. THAYER. I call for a separate vote
on that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. The three hundred and
twelfth amendment Kin relation to ready-made
clothing, 'file House fixed the tax at one per
cent.; the Senate proposes a tax of two per
cent. The committee recommend a non-con-
currence. I ask a separate vote upon that,
amendment.
The three hundred and twenty-sixth amend-
ment of the Senate is in relation to tine-Cut,
short tobacco. The Committee of Ways and
Means think that is a mistake, and recommend
a-non-concurrence.
The three hundred and twenty-seventh
amendment reduces the tax upon smoking-
tobacco from twenty cents to fifteen cents per
pound. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a non-concurrence. I suppose my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Schenok] will be opposed
to the recommendation of the committee.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask a gBp'arate vote on
that amendment, and if necessary I shall call
for the y?as and rays.
Mr. MO lilt ILL. The three hundred and
twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate is in
relation to the tax on cigars. The Committee
of Ways and Means are very decidedly of the
opinion that the amendment of the Senate is
a proper one. But out of deference to the
expressed opinion of the House the committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 shall want a separate
vote on that amendment. And I hope that
when the committee of conference comes to be
appointed some member of the House opposed
to that tax will be placed on the committee.
The SPEAKER. No committee of confer-
ence has yet been asked for or ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. In relation to mowers,
reapers, ami vaiious other articles made free
of tax by the action of the House, they were
finally left on the free list by the Senate, though
the Finance Committee recommended other-
wise. They remain in the same condition they
wore in when the bill left the House. I believe
I have now mentioned all the materialamend-
monts. There are some amendments in regard
to which the Committee of Ways and Means
recommend non-concurrence for the purpose
of subjecting them to a more critical examina-
tion, they being long sections and introducing
new matter which should have careful consid-
eration. We have recommended non-concur-
rence in some instances where it is very pos-
sible that on furth' :■ examination wo shall be
ready and willing to concur.
.Mr. 'WARD. I desire to have a separate
vote upon the amendment of the Senate to sec-
tion sixty-one of this bill, with reference to the
disqualification of persons interested in the
mainifaet.iiie of tobacco from holding certain
otiiees, .such as assessor and collector.
Mr. STEVENS. I will ask the, gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Moniuu,] if the Senate
did not make some amendment in regard to
postponing the ten per cent, tax upon banks.
Mr. MORIilLL. They did; and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a non-
eoncurrenee.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
permit an amendment to be offered, postpon-
ing the tax for one year.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 should prefer that no
amendment should be made to the bill by the
House, for that would send it back to the Sen-
ate. But any action of the House upon the
Senate amendment would of course be regarded
as instructions to the committee of conference.
Mr. STEVENS. In what way would it be
instruction?
Mr. MORRILL. If the House should vote
to non-concur, we shall understand that it is
the wish of the House to have the time ex-
Mr. STEVENS. "With that understanding,
I will move to non-concur in the amendment
of the. Senate which extends for one month the
tax on the circulation of the State banks. I
think it ought to be extended for one year. If
the House non-concur with the amendment of
the Senate, it will be understood to be because
the House desires a longer time.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the Senate
has stricken out all, or nearly all, that was done
in relation to incomes. The Committee of
Ways and Moans recommend non-concurrence
with the action of the Senate on this subject.
Mr. ANCONA. I desire to say that I wish
a separate vote to be taken on this question.
