1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. \Vashbukne, of Illinois, it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 46, not voting
69 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona., An-
derson, Dolos 11. Asliley, Baker, Baldwin, Baxter,
Beaman, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W, Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Dawson,
Delano, Doming, Dumont, li]ggleston,Eldridge, Faras-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Glossbrenncr. Under, Hale,
Aaron Harding,AbnerC. Hardin^, llart, Ha,yes, Hen.-
derson, Hill, Holmes, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, James B. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Ju-
lian, ICotcham, ICuykendall, Laflin, Latham, George
v. Lawrence, William Lawrence, LeBlond, McCul-
lough, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton, Newell, Noel!,
Orth,Paine, Pel ham, Plants, Price, John II. Bice, Bit-
ter, Rogers, BolHns, Itoss, Sawyer, Scoficld, Shella-
barger, Sloan, Stihvell, Tabor, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. Wa.;-.h-
burne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
Williams, James I'. Wilson, and Wmdom—88.
NAYS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bcigen.BidwcIl,
Bingham, Blaine. Blow, Brooks, Broomall, Chanler,
Cofiroth, Dixon, Eliot, Goodyear, Grinncll, Higby,
Hogan, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James Humphrey, James
M. Humphrey, Jcnckes. Jones, ICasson, Kelley, Kolso,
Kerr, McKee, Mcltucr, Miller, Myers, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander
II. Bice, Spalding, Stevens, Strouse, Thayer. Fran-
cis Thomas. John L. Thomas, Warner, Wiialey, and
Winficld—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barker, Benjamin,
Brandegee. Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Conkling, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Denison, Donnelly,
Driggs, . Eckicy, Fmek, Garlield, Griswold, Harris,
Hotchkiss, Johnson, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
shall. Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Mctndoo, Mercur,
Morrill, Niblaek, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroj',
Radford, William II. Randall, Rousseau, Schenck,
Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith, Starr, Henrv D. Wash-
buin, Stephen^. Wilson, Wood bridge, and Wright—59.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
were adopted, and to lay that motion on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it, was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. KASSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEA KE R. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of a bill (H. R. No.
238) to amend an act entitled " An act relating
to habeas corpus and regulating judicial proceed-
ings in certain eases,'' approved March 3, 1863,
upon which the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Rogers] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawkence.]
battle-fields 01' the rebellion.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pio-
viding by law for the publication of a work which
shall give—
1. A topographical map of the battle-fields of the
rebellion, with roads, ravines, special localities, sur-
roundings, ,Vc.
2. The plan of battle, disposition of troops, artil-
lery, cavalry, fortifications, defenses, &C.
K. A landscape view of cacti battle-field.
4. The plan of the forts, earthworks, &c., held by
military forces during the war.
correction op tuc jocrnal.
Mr. GLO.SSBRENNER. I desire to have
the Journal corrected. Upon the vote 011 the
motion to lay on the table the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gaufieiji] to recon-
sider the vote by which the loan bill was re-
jected, I am recorded as not voting. I voted
in the negative on that question, and am recorded
as not voting. I ask that the Journal be cor-
rected.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
Mr. CONKLING-. I would like to say on
that same point that there lias been some mis-
take, apparently, in the record of the yeas and
nays on that question in the Associated Press.
Several gentlemen who were not here are re-
corded as voting. Mr. Hotciikiss, for exam-
ple, who has not been here forsome time; and
several of those who were here, and who voted,
are omitted. I happen to be one of those
omitted. I merely want to say that the list
telegraphed to the Associated Press is incorrect.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Inthiscon-
nection let me say that my name is not recorded
in the Associated Press as voting on the loan
bill. I was present, and voted on the loan bill,
as I have voted upon every measure during this
session.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hotchkiss] is not recorded on the
Journal as having voted.
j. stoct parker.
Mr. ROGERS. I will now yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. del-
ano.]
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, from
the C.omnuttee of Claims, moved that the Com-
mittee of Claims be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of bill of the House No. 229,
for the relief of J. Stout Parker; and also moved
that the claim of J. Stout Parker, growing out
of the loss of the schooner Twilight, which was
sunk in a collision with the United States
steamer Iroquois, be referred to the Court of
Claims for hearing and decision.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I will yield now to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldiudge.]
Mr. COOK. I object to any further yielding.
message 1'kom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the following bills, in which he
was directed to request the concurrencc of the
House, namely:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 45) protesting
against pardons by foreign Governments of
persons convicted of infamous offenses on con-
dition of emigration to tiie United States;
An act (S. No. 18!i) to confirm the grant of
certain lands to Jose Domingues, in California;
and
An act (S. No. 20-1) to provide for the annual
inspection into Indian affairs, and for other
purposes.
habeas corpus.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 238, to amend an act enti-
tled ''An act relating to habeas corpus and reg-
ulating judicial proceedings in certain cases,"
approved March 3, 1863.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Cook to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; upon which Mr.
Rogers was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COOK. I desire to give notice that at
the conclusion of the remarks of the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] I shall
call for the previous question.
Mr. ROGERS. In the femarks which I in-
tend to submit to this House upon this bill, I
shall endeavor to confine myself strictly to the
questions of legality and policy involved in its
provisions.
And let me say for myself at least, and I
believe for the other members upon this side
of the House, that the probability is 110 Demo-
crat will vote to sustain and support this bill,
and if they do not, then, according to the theory
which was advocated on yesterday by the hon-
orable gentleman from New York, [Mr. Coxk-
ling,] they must be actuated, in the policy whieli
they may pursue in regard to this bill, by mo-
tives of unfairness, uncharitableness, and un-
kindness, and with a disposition to thwart the
wise and just policy laid down by those who
are at the head of governmental affairs. Now,
I take it upon me to say to the honorable gen-
tleman that in the vote which members upon
this side may cast upon this or any other bill,
they _ are actuated by high and conscientious
convictions.
I am not here to make charges against the
other side of the House of being moved or
controlled by party prejudices. I have too, much
charity to believe .that any man ujpot) that side
of the House, whatever his views may be upoos
any measure, is moved by any considerations
but regard for the best interests of the country.
But I think it is a most unwise, uncharitable,,
and unchristian course of policy to be pursued
toward the Democratic side of the House to
charge them with disloyalty merely because
they happen to disagree with the large majority
upon the other side of the House. I think the
members upon the other side ought to be eon-
tent with the immense and overwhelming ma-
jority which they have without attempting to"
impute false motives to those upon this side who
happen to disagree with them upon the great
questions now agitating this Congress and this
country.
I am willing to accord to gentlemen upon
tlie other side every privilege that I claim for
myself. But I say to Congress and to the
country that in devotion to principle and in -
love of country the Democratic members of
this House yield to no class of men upon this
earth, and_ 1 think that the proud record of the
Democratic party of this country for the last
seventy-five years will vindicate me in saying
that if their policy had been adhered to this-
ruinous war which for five years past has swept
over the country like a raging tempest of death
and destruction, filling the iand with misery,
mourning, lamentation, and woo, would never
have come upon us. We urged you before the
war to adopt the policy which we are now advo-
cating upon this lloor. You heeded us not
then; you laughed us to scorn; and the result
was that the war came upon you like a clap of
thunder in the clear sky of heaven; until it
has sent, the hearses moving through the valleys
and cities of our land, carrying the remains
of our fathers and children, and filling the
cities and country with weeping, wailing, an-
guish, woo, and desolation from one end of
the country to the other; and now because
men whobelong to the great Democratic party,
a party which gave eighteen hundred thous-
and votes in 1804 for their gallant standard-
bearer, George B. McClellan, disagree with
you upon those principles which you enun- '
ciated during the war—I mean those princi-
ples of despotism and tyranny which came
near sapping the very foundations of liberty
in this country, wc ought not now to be charged
with disloyalty in any course we may pursue
upon this side of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] refers
to the standard-bearer of his party in 1864,
George B. McClellan. I would ask the gen-
tleman if he indorses his action, especially in
the matter of the arbitrary arrest of the Mary-
land Legislature?
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir; nor do I sustain
liini, or anybody else, in committing malicious
arrests. 1 will come to that directly, when I
come to discuss the merits of this bill. I am
here to perform a duty which I believe I owe
to the great masses of the Democratic party.
The time has gone by when party strife and
passion should rule the hour; that we should
revert to higher principles and motives, to no-
bler and more lofty ambitions than to charge
upon men who happen to disagree with us with
intending to destroy their country.
Now, sir, I think the truth of history demon-
strates that when the party which I happen to
represent was in power, public liberty was se-
cure, and no legislation like that contemplated
by this bill would have been tolerated or even
seriously entertained. Duringthat period every
man's house was his castle; the courts were
open to all; every citizen was sccure under the
protection of the law. When that party was in
puwer 110 passport was necessary to enable a
man to travel unmolested ; no secret police waa
organized; no system of spies and informers was
instituted; no hastiles were maintained for the
incarceration ofcitizens, untried and unaccused.
Whep that party was in power, the right of pe-
tition, the liberty of conscience, the freedom
of the ballot and of the press were untram-
