460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
iVe franchise. If our adopted citizens are re-
quired to undergo a five years' probation before
they.can vote, 'with how much greater force may
the objection be applied to those who never read
or wrote a line, and perhaps were never off the
plantation on which they were born. The body
has been emancipated, but time alone can burst
the chains of mental bondage.
But, sir, I now turn to the other branch of
the subject. Let those who idolize the negro,-
care, for the object of their idolatry as best they
may. I intend here to look after the welfare
Of another race, commonly called white men.
Do not let us exhaust all our sympathy on an
inferior rac;e. There is legislation before us
that demands our earnest consideration and
frompt attention. How stands the account
etwixt us and the remnant of that noble band
tfeough whom the national life was preserved
and the negro emancipated? I answer, it is
largely against us on the score of justice and
humanity. What have we done for the mu-
tilated men who go about our streets upon
crutches, with empty sleeves, and entirely dis-
abled and unfit for active labor 1 Nothing, ab-
solutely nothing. Sir, four years ago, the men
who composed the Union Army sprang to their
arms upon the first intimation that the Repub-
lic was in danger, and generously imperiled
their lives, for, they loved their country. They
left comfortable and happy homes to endure the
pains and privations of the field. Time flew
on. The brave "boys in blue" fought man-
fully, and through their efforts, thank God, the
Union has been preserved. Sir, this is not all.
Awuy upon the many fields of strife countless
thousands of these brave and gallant men now
sleep the last sleep of death. Martyrs to lib-
erty, they died nobly in the cause of freedom,
and now rest from their labors in the sweet re-
pose of the, silent tomb.
" On fame's eternal camping ground
Their silent tents are spread,
And glory guards with solemn round
The bivouac of the dead.''
' Alas 1 we can only extend to them the tribute
of grMeful memories-. To those who yet sur-
vive, mangled and mutilated as they are, how
changed the scene 1 Those once happy homes
are cheerless and lonely; where once all was
peace and comfort and happiness, there now
only remain destitution, poverty, and want.
The stately mansion and the lowly cabin alike
share the common fate. The somber weed, the
blanched face, and the feeble gait, indicate too
surely the presence of " a stricken fold." This
is the melancholy picture ; let it be ours to sur-
round it With the framework of appropriate
legislation. I am sure that He who " tempers
the wind to the shorn lamb" now calls upon us
to cheer the lonely and the comfort less, and
with the outpourings of grateful hearts let us
extend to our brave defenders the fragrant in-
cense of a nation's praise. Sir, I' have done.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Colonel William G.
Moore, announcing that he had approved and
signed a joint resolution (II. ft. No. 28) in
relation to the Industrial Exposition at Paris,
France; also an act (H. E. No. 58) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint
assistant assessors of internal revenue ; also a
joint resolution (H. II. No. 18) gianting cer-
tain public property to the Soldiers' Orphans'
Home of Iowa. He also delivered to the House
a message in writing.
president juarez of mexico.
Tlie_ SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
united States;
To the House of Jiepresentatives:
In compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 22d instant,
requesting the communication of any corre-
spondence or other information in regard to a
demonstration by the Congress of the United
States of Colombia, or any other country, in
honor of President Juarez,-of the republic of I
Mexico, I transmit herewith a report from the
Acting Secretary of State, with the papers by
which it-was accompanied.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 26, 1866.
Mr. BANKS. I move that this communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
st. paul and lake superior railroad.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act making a
grant of land to the State of Minnesota to aid
in the construction of a railroad from St. Paul
to Lake Superior, approved May 5, 1864;
•which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
navigation of mississippi river, etc.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to provide for the
improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi, Missouri, and Ohio rivers and their nav-
igable tributaries ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
mines and mining.
Mr. BIDWELL moved that the Committee
on Mines and Mining be discharged from the
further consideration of the communication
from the miners' convention of California, and
that the same be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting a statement of disbursements of the
contingent fund of that Department, in accord-
ance with the act of Congress of August 20,
1842; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
MRS. WILLIAM L. IIERNDOX.
Mr. BROOKS, by unanimous eonsent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Mrs. William L.
Herndon; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. BROOKS asked for the immediate con-
sideration of the bill.
No objection was made.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
the Secretary of the Interior shall cause a copy-
right to be issued to Mrs. William L. Herndon,
her heirs, assigns, and legal representatives,
for the term of fourteen years, granting the
exclusive right to republish a book entitled
"Exploration of the Valley of the Amazon,"
heretofore published by order of Congress.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indians in dakota territory.
Mr. BURLEIGH,by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas f.cvera.1 citizens of Dakota Territory have
been either murdered or maimed and had their
property stolen and destroyed by the hostile Sioux
Indians who were concerned in the late Minnesota
massacre, either at the time of or since that sad oc-
currence; and whereas the hostile bands of Indians
known as the Sisscton, Wah-pa-ton, Medawakanton,
and Wah-pa-koota bands of Dakota Indians were,
in opposition to the wishes of the citizens of Dakota
Territory, forced into said Territory, in consequence
of which act these outrages have been committed upon
the unarmed and defenseless citizens of that Terri-
tory : Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the justice and propriety of
reporting a bill providing for the appointment of a
commissioner, whose duty it shnli be to determine the
amount of depredations by said Indians upon the
citizens of said Territory, and of recommending an
appropriation sufficient to pay the same.
arms for dakota territory.
Mr. BURLEIGH also, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of placing in
the hands of the Governor of Dakota Territory two
thousand stand of arms, and the necessary ammuni-
tion, to be used by citizens of said Tcrritoiy who may
organize for defense against the hostile Indians of the
Northwest.
seeds for distribution.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
directed to inquire what, if any, amount over and
above the usual appropriation will be necessary for
the adequate supply of seeds to be distributed among
the farmers of tne country by the Department of Ag-
riculture, with liberty to present the result of their
inquiry by bill or otherwise.
railroad communication with the west.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion, and to have them considered at this time:
Whereas it is the interest of this Government that
the means of communication between its metropolis
and the scat of its power in the great West should be
as direct and immediate as the topography of the in-
tervening country will allow; and whereas it is repre-
sented that tlio route indicated by the Father of his
Country as the most obvious and practicable for the
establishment of this connection between the eastern
sea-board and the great valley of the Mississippi, of
which the prospective necessity was present to bis far -
seeing eye, has been obstructed by hostile State legis-
lation in the interest of a rival corporation of the
State of Pennsylvania: Therefore,
Renohed, That it be referred to a special committee
of nine members, to be appointed by the Chair, to in-
quire whether the commercial, postal, or military ne-
cessities of the country require the construction of a
continuous line of railroad between the seat of Gov-
ernment and the great States and Territories of the
West and Northwest, so as to reach the head-waters
of the Ohio river by the most direct and practicable
route; how lunch still remains to be done to establish
and complete such connection: whether any obstacles
have been interposed by the Legislatures of the State
or States through which the same would pass, and what
means are within the powers of Congress to remove
such obstacles, if any, and to facilitate the construc-
tion of such a road as the wants of the Government or
the convenience of the traveling and trading public
may require, with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BOYER objected.
^ And then, on motion of Mr. THAYER, (at
four o' clock and fifty minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 27, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
Washburxe, of Illinois, taking the chair as
Speaker pro tempore. Prayer by the Chaplain,
Rev. C. B. Botntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER pro tempore announced that
the House was in session for the purpose of
hearing speeches, to be delivered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
upon the President's message, and that no other
business would be in order, except, the recep-
tion of messages from the Senate and motions
to adjourn.
leave of absence.
Mr. JENCKES. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker,
to ask leave of absence?
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Chair
thinks that that is in order.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I ask leave of ab-
sence for the gentleman from Connecticut, Mr.
Warxek.
Leave was granted.
Mr. DRIGGS asked and obtained leave of
absence for himself for three days of next
week.
president's message.
The House, as in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, resumed the consid-
eration of the President's annual message, on
which Mr. Smith was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH resumed the floor, and con-
cluded his remarks begun on Friday, the_19th
instant. [The entire speech will be published
in the xlppendix. J
