mn
TUB CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
meled. It was only during the last five years
that the American people have been called npon
to tolerate and approve the most diabolical out-
rages upon the rights and liberties of the peo-
ple, offenses outrivaling in enormity the dark-„
est deeds of ancient barbarism.
Sir, 1 affirm—and I feel that I can do so with'
out fear of successful contradiction—that the
provisions of this bill are contrary to the fun-
damental principles of our Government; and
without.regard to any express prohibitions of
the Constitution, they are violative of those
great rights of property, liberty, and life which
the Government was founded to secure. When
this Congress undertakes to trample upon and
override the elementary principles of society,
it saps the foundation-principles of our Gov-
ernment ; and it requires no express restrain-
ing clause of the Constitution to forbid such an
outrage. The provisions of this bill are inimi-
cal to those great doctrines of republican lib-
erty which give vitality to the Constitution of
the United States, and which our revolutionuiy
fathers intended to hand down unimpaired as a
priceless jewel to their posterity.
Sir, the act of March 3, 1863, to which this
purports to be.a supplement, made "any order
issued by the President or under his authority
a complete defense for any search, seizure,
arrest, or imprisonment made, done, or com-
mitted, or act omitted to be done." This bill
goes much further than that act. It not only
dispenses with the kind of proof which was
required by that act, but it substitutes a new
species of proof. It authorizes the commission
of trespasses that were not authorized by the
act of March 3, 1SC3. This bill proposes to
legalize "any search, seizure, arrest, or im-
prisonment made, done, or committed, or any
acts omitted to be done during the said rebel-
lion, by any officer or person under and by
virtue of any order, written or verbal, general
or special, issued by any military officer of the
United States, holding the command of the de-
partment, district, or place within which such
seizure, search, arrest, or imprisonment was
made, done, or committed, or any acts were so
omitlcd to be done, either by the person or
officer to whom the order is addressed, or by
any other person aiding or assisting him there-
in.''
The act of March 8, 1803, was confined to
searches, seizures, arrests, and imprisonments
made by men claiming to have military author-
ity _and^ by virtue of the order of the President.
This bill goes further, and protects from pun-
ishment any act done under " any order, writ-
ten or verbal, general or special, issued by any
military officer of the United States holding
commandofthedepartment, district, or place."
Under this bill the military officer command-
ing any town, though he be only a corporal,
wiii be protected from punishment, though he
may without authority have torn the wife from
her ^husband and plunged to her heart the
deadly knife ofthe assassin. If a man can show
an order from any military authority, that order
exempts him from all responsibility for any
outrage, however heinous, which he may have
committed. A private soldier can justify him-
self for rape, arson, murder, or any other out-
rage if he can produce the order of his superior
officer.
In addition to that, sir, this bill proposes to
legalize as proof that which is unknown to the
laws of evidence sanctioned by the common
law. A simple telegraphic dispatch, without
any proof of its authenticity, is to be received
as a defense against any charge. Is that the
way in which the liberties of the citizen were
intended to be secured by the Constitution?
Was it ever contemplated by the framcrs of
that instrument that such evidenee should be
accepted to screen and protect the midnight''
assassin from punishment for the gravest crimes
of which humanity can be guilty?
Sir, the act of 1803 requires sureties in the
State court for filing copies of the process and
other proceedings against the defendant.,«and
for his appearance and entering special bail in
the cause, if special bail was originally required.
This bill requires no surety in the State courts
for filing copies of removal or entering special
bail. The old act provides that the bail taken
in the State court shall be discharged when
the defendant's appearance isperfected. There-
fore you deprive a man not only of proper rem-
edy against those who undertake to inflict un-
lawful injury upon him, but you deprive him
of that security which, under the law, has been
handed down from the most ancient times.
No special bail, nothing of the kind is required
here, and the defendant gets clear of all bail.
It does not require of him the bail that is re-
quired of all others in like cases. When a
judgment is obtained against him all he has to
do is to leave the jurisdiction of the court and
no process can touch him.
Let me say, when the act of 1803 was passed
it created great excitement in the country.
There were men on this side of the House then,
as now, who loved constitutional liberty, and
who stood up and combatted the outrageous
doctrine laid down in that act of Congress.
But, sir, that, act is lame in comparison to the
bill which is now under consideration. If the
fundamental principles of this Government will
allow acts of this kind to be passed by Con-
gress ; if Congress has the constitutional power
to take away the rights from our citizens to life,
liberty, and property, without due process of
law, then I say liberty will have flown from the
luminous sphere of American freedom, never
more to see its light again in this country; then
the people will have closed their eyes to the
teachings of ages, and only wait for shackles
and chains to let them know that their slavery
has begun. I, for one, am not willing to allow
the vultures of despotism to crucify liberty
afresh, and prey upon the bleeding vitals of a
once free people, without protesting against it.
I lay down this broad proposition, and to
that proposition I deny there can be any suc-
cessful objection, that the Legislature of a State
or of the United States is not omnipotent, ab-
solute, and without control, although its author-
ity should not be restrained by the Constitution
or fundamental law. The people, accordingto
the preamble of the Constitution, ordained that
instrument to establish justice, insure domes-
tic tranquillity, provide for the common defense,
promote the general welfare, and seciye the
blessings of liberty to them and their poster-
ity forever. Now, the purposes for which the
people enter into society determine the nature
and terms ofthe social compact. This funda-
mental principle flows from the very nature of
our free republican Government.
An act of Congress contrary to the first great
principles of the social compact cannot be con-
sidered a rightful exercise of legislative power.
The obligation of a law in Governments estab-
lished on express compact and- on republican
principles must be determined by the nature of
the power on which it is founded. It is against
all reason and justice for a people to intrust a
Legislature with such powers as contained in
this bill, and therefore it cannot be presumed
that they have done it. The genius, the nature,
and the spmt of our Government amount to
a prohibition of such an act of legislation as
this, and the general principles of law and
reason forbid it.
A law that punishes a citizen for an innocent
action, or for an act which when done was in
violation of no existing law; a law that destroys
or impairs the private contracts of citizens; a
law that makes a man a judge in his own case;
a law that takes property from A and gives it
to B; a law that authorizes the murder of inno-
cent women, men, or children, the committing
of rape, arson, robbery, or theft, or one that at-
tempts to legalize sueh acts when done, is in
violation of the social compact and the repub-
lican principles upon which the Government
is founded, and is void, without any restraint
in the organic law. Ex post facto law literally
is a lav/ passed concerning and after the fact
or thing done or action committed. The pro-
hibition in the letter is not to pass any law con-
cerning and after the fact; but the meaning
and intention, as construed by the courts, are
that no law shall be passed after a fact done by
a subject or citizen whieh shall have relation
to such fact, and shall punish him for having
done it. The following are ex post facto laws:
1. An act which was innocent when com-
mitted, and afterward made criminal.
2. One that aggravates the crime.
3. One that changes the punishment.
4. One that alters the rules of evidence.
I do not say that this is technically an ex post
facto law under the constructions given to those
words by the. courts. Yet to declare that an
act which was murder when committed was no
offense at all, would appear to be ex post facto
within the intent of those words.
The power to pass such laws under the de-
nomination of bills of attainder and bills of
pains and penalties was exercised and carried
into effect by the British Parliament. They
were-legislative judgments and an exercise of
judicial power. The advocates of such laws
were stimulated by ambition, personal resent-
ment, and vindictive malice. To prevent such
and similar acts, bills of attainder and ex post
facto laws were forbidden in our Constitution
because the Parliament undertook to violate the
fundamental principles of liberty. Although
there was no written constitution to prohibit it
the people of England saw that it was contrary
to the fundamental principles of their unwritten
constitution, and hencc arose the rebellion of
1088 and the era of English liberty.
Since the memorable rebellion in 10G9 against
William the Conqueror. England has had forty-
one rebellions, all growing out of the idea that
the Parliament of England could exercise pow-
ers despotic, omnipotent, unlimited, and uncon-
trolled, merely because there was no written
! constitution which prevented it from carrying
' into effect the most despotic and outrageous
acts of which it was susceptible ; and any man
who knows the history of England will bear
me witness that because King John refused the
great principles of the Magna Charta which
guarantied to every man the right to life, lib-
erty, and properly, the British people assem-
bled on the plains of liunnymede more than six
hundred years ago and wrested from him the
Great Charter from which our bill of rights is
taken.
It is not necessary for me now to argue
whether this is technically an ex post facto law,
because there are certain fundamental princi-
ples laid down in the Constitution, one of which
is that no man shall be deprived of life, liberty,
and property without due process of law, which
forbid the passage of this bill. Due process of
law means judicial process ; that there shall be
an affidavit filed against the defendant: a warrant
issued setting up the cause and accusation, and
an indictment by the grand jury; a trial by a
petit jury of his own district or neighborhood;
the privilege of calling witnesses and cross-
examining those that are brought against him ;
and the privilege of counsel for his defense.
These are the great principles which consti-
tute due process of law, as laid down in the
Constitution of the United States. Not one of
these principles is guarantied or authorized to
be exercised by any of the people on whom
injury has been inflicted by the military author-
ities who have ridden over the people for the
last four and a half years.
I will now refer to the case of Calder and
wife vs. Bull and wife, 3 Dallas, United States
Supreme Court Ileport, pages 388 and 397. In
this case there is no dissenting voice. The
opinion was given as early as 1708, only a very
short time after the formation of the fundamen-
tal law;
'' There are acts which the Federal or State Le^is- '
?mTure cannot do without exceeding their authority.
There arc certain vital principles in our free repub-
lican Governments which will determine and over-
rule an apparent and flagrant abuse of legislative
power, as to authorize manifest injustice by positive
law, or to take away that security for personal liberty
or private property for the protection whereof the
Government was established."
Sir, will any man upon the otlier side of the
House dare say to me that this bill does not
protect those who have taken away the per-
sonal liberty and private property of citizens
