u
appeMdix to the eoweefifesronal globe.
[November 15,
Senate <fe Bo. of Ebps.
Report of the Postmaster General.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
controlled by it, and: that which belonged to
companies formed' for the purpose of running
the blockade, in support of, if not in direct
cooperation with, the league which had been
formed'to overthrow the Government of the
United States, leaving individual claimants of
the property to their recourse before the Court
of Claims, as provided by the third section of
the act approved March 12, 1863. In the per-
formance of their' duties, the agents have had
great difficulties to encounter', from'the unwill-
ingness of the planter'sto' surrender the captured
property in their possession, from extensive
depredations upon it after it was collected, and
from powerful combinations formed to prevent,
under various pretexts, the property fairly cap-
tured from coming into the possession of the
United States. In spite of all these' obstacles,
however,- it' is-' estimated, from the accounts
already received, and from data furnished by
the agents, that there will be secured to the
Government not less than 12-5,000 bales of cot-
ton, including the 80,000 bales already referred
to. What part" of the proceeds of this prop-
erty will ultimately be retained by the Govern-
ment will depend' upon the success of the
claimants before Congress and the courts. In
collecting this cotton, there have been doubt:
less some instances of injustice to individuals,
who may be entitled to the consideration'of the
Government; but the Secretary believes that
the cotton which has been taken by the agents
was rightfully seized, and' that no equitable
claims for the return of any considerable por-
tion of it or the' proceeds thereof can bo pre-
sented.
It may-be proper to add, in this connection,
that many and grave charges of corruption and
improper practices have been made against
agents employed in this branch of the public
service. These charges, however, have been
mostly vague in their character, and after such
investigation as the Secretary has been able to
make, he has concluded that they have been
generally instigated by malice or disappointed
cupidity, a«d usually without substantial foun-
dation.
A copy of the several rules and regulations
alluded to, which have been put in force since
the last session of Congress, is appended hereto
as a part of this report.
The various public buildings under the con-
trol and management of the Treasury Depart-
ment are in a favorable condition; and it is to
be hoped that only limited appropriations will
be necessary for the coming year. On account
of the difficulty of providing accommodations
for the State Department, it hasnotbeen deemed
advisable to proceed with the construction of
the north wing of the Treasury building during
the present year. The granite for the exten-
sion has, however, been contracted for and is
being prepared, so that during the next season
the work can be vigorously prosecuted. The
grounds between the Treasury Department and
the Executive Mansion are being graded and
arranged with as great a regard to convenience
and beauty as is practicable, considering the
unfavorable location of the edifice, and it ean-
notbedoubtedthattheTreasury building, when
fully completed, will compare favorably, in the
simplicity, solidity, and beauty of its architec-
tural appearance and proportions, with any
structure in this country or in Europe.
The southern custom-houses are reported to
be in a damaged and dilapidated condition, and
an officer of the Department has been sent to
inspect them, and report what expenditures
are necessary to fit them for the transaction of
the public business. The appropriations which
will be necessary for the purpose of making
the repairs needed will be duly indicated.
By the terms of the lease of the premises
occupied as a custom-house in New York, the
Government had the right, by giving three
months' previous notice, to purchase the same
at the expiration of the lease for $1,000,000.
As the property was regarded as being worth a
much larger amount, and was needed for cus-
tom-house purposes, it was thought advisable
that the Government should avail itself of the
right to purchase. The property was therefore
purchased for the sum named, and conveyed
by proper- deed to the United States.
The attention of Congress is earnestly called
to the neeeSsity of providing for-' the more ade-
quate compensation of some of the officers
connected Wi'fM tEe'Trea&ury'D'e'partffient. The
salaries'1 oPthose Who ai-g required to furnish
bonds'with- , heavy penalties',' and who are' cus-
todians' of- large' am'ounts • of rBoriey,_ and of
others- o^ctipying very important positions, are
altogether inadequate- to the responsibilities
which the)#- incur and* the services- which they
render.
For cxamplej th& Ti'e&Surfer, who' received
and disbursed lastyearabout $4,000,000,000, is
paid-stsalary of $5,000 pet1 annu'm. The As-
sistant Treasurer in New York, who has in his
custody frora $20;000,000to $40,000,000in coin,
and frequently as large an amount in currency,
receiving and paying out in the course of the
year more than $2,000,000,000, receives-$6;000.
The Assistant Treasurer in San Francisco re-
ceives $4,500 in currency, which is an entirely
inadequate salary in that State for an officer of
character and ability, holding' a- position of so
great responsibility. The Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, holding'an offifee which requires
in its' administration as much executive ability,
and as high an'order ®f talent, as any connected
with the Treasury Department, receives only
$4,000; the Deputy Commissioner $2,500. The
custody of the vast amounts of Government se-
curities printed and issued from the Treasury
Department is imposed upon the chief of the
first division of the Currency Bureau, who re-
ceives an annual compensation of only $3,000:
The Comptrollers of the Treasury, whose func-
tions are of supreme importance in the safe
transaction of the busiiiess of the Department,
receive salaries which are no just-compensation
for that business ability and those legal attain-
ments which arc indispensable in the places
they occupy. Many other officers might also
be named whose compensation is entirely inad-
equate to their talent and services.
The Secretary is aware of the necessity of
oconomy in the expenditure of the jiublic mon-
eys at the present time, but the Government, in
order to secure the services of competent and
faithful officers, must pay salaries equal to those
which are paid by private corporations and in-
dividuals ; and if such salaries are not paid, the
result will inevitably be highly injurious to the
public service, because incompetent, unfaithful,
and irresponsible men will be allowed to fill
offices requiring the highest capacity and most
reliable integrity.
The duties devolved upon the officers named'
are too important to be intrusted to persons
less able and reliable than those who now hold
them; and it is very questionable if the services
of such men can be retained without an increase
of compensation. Expensive as living is in
Washington and the other cities named at pres
ent, and is likely to be for some time to come,
there is scarcely one of these officers who can
support his family in a manner corresponding
to his position, or even comfortably, on the
salary which he receives.
It is not asked that there shall be an indis-
criminate raising of salaries, but that provision
be made for the payment of such salaries as
may be necessary to secure the permanent ser-
vices of the right men in the most important
positions in this Department. Unless this shall
bo done, the Department will labor under seri-
ous embarrassment in the transaction of its vast
business during the coming year.
In this connection the Secretary desires to
advert to the disposition that has been made",
by the appropriation of the last Congress, of
the $250,000 for compensation to temporary
clerks and additiona 1 compensation to those per-
manently employed. Congress having declined
to make any general and indiscriminate increase
of the salaries of clerks, it was inferred that it
was intended that such p'oi-tion of the appro-
priation in question as might not be required
to pay salaries of temporary clerks, should be
used" carefully in increasing the compensation
of those who were performing difficult and im-
portant duties, and whose services could not
be dispensed with without injury to the Gov-
ernment. Upon making the examination ne-
cessary to a'proper decision- as tojthe use to be
made of the fund, it was ascertained that there
was no laclt of clerks in the lower grades, but
that there wa-s a scarcity of those of the higher
grades competent to perform important and re-
sponsible duties. It appeared that many clerks
receiving the highest salary allowed by law,
had resigned because they could obtain greater
compensation elsewhere. The Treasurer's of-
fice had suffered largely in this manner, many
of his most valuable clerks having left, to ac-
cept situations iri banks and commercial estab-
lishments where they could obtain permanent
employment and' higher pay. There were in-
dications, also, that many others would do the
saine unless additional compensation should'
be made to them.
Under these circumstances it was decided to
use a part' of the fund' in slightly increasing the
salaries of clerks of this description until the'
intention of Congress in relation to its disposi-
tion shotild be more clearly indicated. The
amount of the fund already expended in this
way is about $25,00'0; If the disposition which
has been thus made of' it;is not m accordance
with the intention of Congress, it' is, of course,
competent for'them to provide a' different ex-'
penditure of it. The Secretary, however, deems'
it to be his duty to say that the interests of the
sex-vice imperatively require that the salaries of
clerks who arc acting as heads of divisions, or
are employed in duties requiring in their per-
formance a high order of ability, as well as the
salaries of the officers referred to, should be'
considerably increased. It would doubtless be
atrue economy to diminish the number of clerks,
and to increase the compensation of those who
may be retained.
For information in regard to the condition
and operations of the various bureaus of this
Department, reference is made to the accom-
panying reports of the proper officers, all of
whom, with the Assistant Secretaries, merit the
thanks of the country for the efficient manner
in which they are discharging their onerous and
responsible duties.
hugh Mcculloch, '
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Post Office Department,
November 15, 1865.
Sir : The revenues of this Department forthe
year ended June 30,1S05, were $1-1,556,158 70,
and the expenditures $13,694,728 28, leaving
a surplus of 8801,430 42.
The ratio of increase of revenue was seven-
teen percent., and of the expenditure eight per
cent., compared with previous year.
The portion of the revenues accumulated in
depository and draft offices, under the super-
vision of the Finance office of this Department,
was $7,136,024 46; collected by the Auditor,
$2,329,855 08; and retained by postmasters
for salaries and office expenses, $5,090,279 16.
The estimated expenditures for the year ending June
SO, 1867, are $18,678,000
The revenue estimated at 10 per cent, in-
crease oyer last year $16,011,773
Add amount etjual to 50 per cent.
of the receipts of 18G0 from
States lately in rebellion  758,770
Appropriation for free matter  700,000
 17,470,54-3
Leaving a deficiency of.  $1,207,457
For this deficiency no special appropriation
will be required, as-the standing appropriations-'
