1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to the
question of reconstruction. 'In tlie very open-
ing of my remarks I will say that on the present
occasion I must firmly decline to yield the floor
to any interruption whatever; and this not from
the slightest, possible feeling of discourtesy to-
ward any gentleman who may desire such a
privilege, but because of the entire newness of
my position in this or any other legislative
body, and because at the present stage of the
debate, when no particular measure is under
consideration, but only general principles out
of which measures must come, I prefer to se-
lect my own undisturbed line of march overthe
wide field of argumentation that is now opened
up, and to marshal in unbroken orderthegreat
principles which in my judgment ought to con-
trol the action of this House and this Congress.
Though 1 shall have occasion to deal plainly
with great public facts and principles of con-
duct, I beg gentlemen on the other side of this
House to accept my sincere assurance that lam
very anxious to cultivate the most kindly per-
sonal relations toward every gentleman 011 this
floor, and shall not, therefore, transcend the
limits of parliamentary propriety and the true
uses of debate, bypassing from principles and
groups and masses to the disconnected treat-
ment of individuals^ I will add that I shall
speak only for myself, and with that untram-
meled freedom from authority and influence
which T think appropriate to a direct Iiepre-
sentative of the people in this Government. Tf
in this my unpracticed judgment shall lead me
into error. I only will be to blame for that error.
To proceed at once, sir, toward the heart of
the general question. In one very important
aspect of the ease, my analysis only enables me
to discover two fundamentally distinct ideas
of policy so far as yet manifested in this Hall:
the one is firmly adhered to by the small Dem-
ocratic opposition which the loyal country has
returned, and is also apparently favored by a
few members of the overwhelming Union ma-
jority on this floor; the other draws to it 1 he
support of the great body of that Union major-
ity. The one idea is that, in the very important
business of restoring the revolted States to their
complete normal position in the Union, the
Congress of the United States has now nothing
else to do but to judge, each House for itself,
"of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members.'' The honorable gentleman
from New York [Mr. Raymond] informs us
that " all but this has been done in the exer-
cise of his (the President's) functions, and in
the performance of his duties as President of
the United States and as Commander-in-Chief
of their armies;" while the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Finck] inquires, ''Why refer
this question to a joint committee of the Senate
and House when the Constitution provides that
each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications ofits own members? '
And thus, sir, the voice from this side the Hall,
and that of the Opposition member from Ohio,
blend in perfect accord upon the main point,
and unite in the assertion of the idea that this,
the first American Congress that assembles after
the crushing of the rebellion, shall be dwarfed
to the mere consideration of work fitly spring-
ing from a committee on elections; signalizing
its diminished existence by canvassing poll-
books. inspecting certificates, and inquiring
after the personal stoit's of a few gentlemen
claiming seats on this floor. "Onlvthis and
nothing"more!'' That, indeed, would be a big
performance on the part of the ^law-makiiig
power of the Government of the L nited States
at a time like this—covering it undoubtedly with
a glory that would become historic.
The other fundamental idea is, in my judg-
ment, infinitely more in keeping with the just
prerogatives of Congress, with the demands of
the people, and the imperative requirements of
patriotic duty. It is that the Legislature of the
Government, which is the constitutional source
of all national law in the Republic, should go
far behind the comparatively trivial. _ surface
business of electionsand personal qualifications.
consider well the state of the Union in refer-
ence to the late rebellion, judge what further or
safer precedent guarantees are necessary to
the assured safety of the nation and provide for
the same, admit no member from any State
which has been in rebellion until after these
guarantees shall be executed, and then, in con-
formity with law, declaring such State again
entitled to representation. Such, sirt is my
conception of the function and duty of Con-
gress in the present emergency.
The very statement of these two opposing
views shows on which side is the weight of rea-
son ; the one affirming, the other denying, that
the loyal people of this nation, through their
Representatives in Congress.shouldbe the judge
of what great and just guarantees will make
them secure in the future before readmitting
to full power in the system those States which
have just now laid upon our shoulders three
thousand millions of debt, and, in their mad
effort to blot this country from the political map
of the world, filled the grave-yards of the North
and the battle-fields of the South with the mold-
ering bodies of the patriot children of the Re-
public ! Sir, if there ever was or ever can be
upon earth a ease, calling in the name of out-
raged right and humanity for complete and
perfect security for the future, before reelothing
with power the now paralyzed arm of treason
still red with blood scarcely dry, this is that
case! And, sir, when we reflect that these
guarantees must consist of civil measures, laws,
constitutional or statutory, I undertake to say
that the assertion, director by implication, that
Congress is not the proper judge of what they
should embrace, is one of the mostmonstrous,
indefensible, and pernicious assumptions that
ever found expression in this Hall or out of it.
How any mind of legal training, any mind ac-
quainted with the great and prominent consti-
tutional land-marks that separate the powers of
this Government, could come to entertain such
an idea, I am totally at a loss to conceivc, ex-
cept it be upon the hypothesis that the Kxecu-
tive. having justly and wisely wielded the gi-
gantic powers of war, and having thereby for a
time fixed upon itself the peculiar and concen-
trated attention of the people, it should now,
after the last gun is fired, after the last armed
foe has surrendered, yield t,o the force of habit,
and throw the shadow of the executive will
over an immense field of law and civil juris-
diction I
Sir, I am not advised that it is the purpose of
onr able and patriotic Executive to stand upon
any such assumption. Rut the honorable gen-
tleman from Now York [Mr. Raymond] has
seen fit to maintain that the whole subject of
precedent requisitions belongs solely to the Pres-
ident. In reply to a question upon the very
point he says:
" My impression i-j that, thc^e requisitions are marie
a part of the terms of surrender we have a right to
demand at the hands of the defeated insurgents, and
thut it belongs therefore to the Pre.-ideiit, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States, to make them, and to lix tuo limit as to
what they shall enibiaee."
To my mind the concluding part of this
statement presents an amazing proposition.
Very true, sir. we may make proper political
requisitions a part of the terms of surrender
and concession we have a right to demand of
the defeated insurgents; but it is not true, that
tho military surrender of men in arms, muni-
tions of war, flags, and cannon, and the po-
litical surrender, involving permanent legal
security for the future, are objects belonging to
; the same class, and amenable therefore to the
! same ultimate judgment and prevision. That,
i sir, is bad logic which commences with bad
! classification, forcing totally unlike things to-
! gether and grouping them under the compre-
, hension of the same particular idea. And I sub-
; mit that no two objects can be more distinct in
| their form and in their substance, than a mili-
j tary surrender on the one hand, and subsequent
; civil and political enactments in the nature of
1 guarantee on the other. Most obviously the one ;
1 appertains to the Executive ; most obviously I
1 the other appertains to the Legislative: each m 1
its own proper sphere having no limitation but
that imposed by the Constitution. "What, sir,
are tho contents of amilitary surrender? Things
military in their nature. What are the contents
of a political surrender? Things political in
their nature. Oil and water will no more mix
in one than will these two objects obey the voice
of the honorable gentleman from New York, and
marshal themselves together under the solitary
control of the executive will. As well might
as to what it shall embrace," as for the Execu-
tive—in accordance with the ideas of the gen-
tleman from New York—to assume definite con-
trol of the intervening civil policy which shall
precede the return of the rebel States to full
power in the Union, and "fix the limits'' asto
what this civil policy shall embrace.
The very truth is, sir, that the putting down
tho rebellion and the final restoration of a nor-
mal order called for the exhibition of two great
agencies, essentially different in their charac-
ter—the powers of war to crush the rebel forces
in the field and on the sea, and after that, a civil
policy prescribing a secure basis of pacification
for the country. The first of those agencies con-
sisted of the Army, the Navy, military material,
and supplies. These were raised and provided
by Congress, and then wielded by the President
as Commander-in-Chief. The executive idea
entered predominantly into this great agency of
war, because the executive will was the more
immediate source of the battles, the sieges, and
the grand military and naval movements of
the conflict. The work of this agency is sub-
stantially accomplished. The other controlling
agency consists of great pacifying measures of
security fo the country, leading the way to the
ultimate restoration of tho revolted States to
full and equal power in the Government. The
legislative idea enters predominantly into this
agency, and its work yet remains in great part
to be done. That the first of these agencies
should swallow up the second, undertake to
judge of its work, and oust it of its jurisdiction,
ought never to be claimed or defended by an
American statesman!
But, sir, to place this matter beyond all con-
troversy, at least in the forum of reason and
law, let us inquire with more particularity what
are and ought to be the elements of that civil
policy which should go before and inaugurate
such return of the late rebel States to poiver.
There first is the required constitutional amend-
ment abolishing slavery throughout the juris-
diction of the Republic, and giving Congress
power to make the same effectual by law. That
was deemed one very essential condition pre-
cedent. What has or ever had the Executive
to do with the initiation, the judging, or mak-
ing of this amendment? The Constitution ex-
pt'essly confers on Congress by a two-thirds ma-
jority the power to propose, and 011 the States
by a three-fourths majority the power to ratify,
ail constitutional amendments. Here, then,^in
this great part of the pacifying policy, the Ex-
ecutive nowhere appears, but only Congress
and the States.
Again, another precedent condition is that
the revolted States should each present a gov-
ernment republican in form, and of this Con-
gress is the exclusive judge. In the great Rhode
Island case, (Luther vs. Borden and others,)
decided in 1849, the Supreme Court of the United
States—considering of that section of the Con-
stitution which provides for the guarantee of a
republican form of government—uses the fol-
lowing language;
"Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to dccide.what government is the existing
one in a State. For ns tho United States guaranty to
each State a republican government, Congress must
necessarily decide what government is established in
tho State before it am detn-riunr ichctller it is rejrab-
licim or not. And when the Senators and Representa-
tives of a State are admitted into the councils of the
Union, the authority of the soyermnent under win™
they are appointed, as well us its rcpi'blica-n character,
is reeosnized by the proper constitutional authority,
and <"'* decision i: binding oil svery other department of
thr Gm.ei nutt /it."
Thus the opinion of the court is that the Con-
