1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
  .      ,,  
of the United States, which., according to the
decision of tho Supreme Court of the United
States, in 1798, the Government was organized
to protect? The court further say :
" Tho Legislature may enjoin, permit, forbid, and
punish; they may declare new crimes: and establish
rules of eonduct. for all its citizens in future cases;
tbey may command what is right, and prohibit what is
wrong:_ but they cannot change innocence into guilt,
or punish innocence as a crime, or violate the right
of an antecedent lawful private contract, or the right
of private property. To maintain Unit our Federal
or State Legislature possesses such powers, if they
had not been expressly restrained, would,'in my
opinion, be a political heresy altogether inadmissible
in our free republican Governments."
The court say further:
"There is neither policy nor safety in such Iawfc;
and therefore I have always had a strong aversion
against them. It may, in general, be truly observed
of retrospective laws of every description, that they
neither accord with sound legislation, nor the funda-
mental principles of the social compaqt."
It cannot be denied that this law is retro-
spective and retroactive. I put this question
to the other side of the House. Could Con-
gress, under the Constitution of thf United
States, pass a law that would authorize any
military officer to enter the domain of a State,
where her courts were in full operation and
where the laws were in full force, and there,
by virtue of any orders to be issued by him,
order any citizen of that State to enter the
home, the fireside, the domicile of a quiet
and peaceable citizen and take him away, if
you please, in tho dead hours of the night,
without any process of law, carry him to some
prison, dungeon, or cell, and there incarcerate
him to such an extent as some satrap who held
a governmental office might see fit ? It could
not be done for this reason, that the Constitu-
tion says that no man shall be deprived of life,
liberty, or property without "due process of
law. " Due process of law, as I before said,
means judicial process.
And when by congressional action we author-
ize military men to enter the domain of a State
and the domicileof a citizen and drag him from
his wife and family under a mere military order,
it is not a judicial process; it is depriving him
of life, liberty, and property without due pro-
cess of law. I appeal to lawyers upon tho other
side of the House, men whom I know to be men
of sense, of integrity, and of judgment, honor-
able men, men for whom I have as high a re-
spect as for any men upon this side of the House,
would it be judicial process to deprive a man
of the safeguards of life, liberty, and property,
as laid down by our fathers, without the privi-
leges of a hearing and trial according to law?
Those safeguardsofeivil liberty are the heritages
descending from the blood and valor of the fath-
ers of the .Revolution. They handed down to
us the bright heritage of human liberty which
I, in the fear of God, will stand here and sus-
tain as long as the power of my voice .will allow.
Government was established for the protection
of society, and it. is not the business of Govern-
ment to fashion and form society. When the
Legislature of a State or of the United States
undertakes to interfere with the elementary
foundations of society, it is despotism and tyr-
anny that ought to be resisted by tho people
and by the States with all the constitutional
means in their power.
I cannot believe that there is any authority
to pass such a bill as this. There is no power
to authorize a man, merely because he wears
shoulder-straps, to enter the domicile of a man
in New Jersey or in the city of New York or
in Harrisburg and arrest him in violation of
the great rights laid down in the Constitution
of the United States, and handed down to us
by Magna Charta.
Now, in regard to the constitutionality of
this bill, it has been decided by the courts of
the dilferent States, as T have opinions here to
show, and as was shown by that learned law-
yer, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
who had too much respect for the Constitution
and law to vote for the civil-rights bill, that
the civil rights mentioned in our bill of rights
had no application to States, but only to the
action of tho Federal Government. This bill
is based upon the action of the Federal Gov-
ernment in allowing officers who claitn to be
Federal officers to be protected by the produc-
tion of the order under which tlxey enter into
a State and arrest such persons as iu their
judgment they may see fit.
I am in favor of and will vote for a bill pro-
tecting officers in the authority which they may
exercise under the Government of the United
States so far as it comes within tho letter and
spirit of the organic law of the land. I will
lend a helping hand to the framing of any law
by Congress, which is authorized by the Con-
stitution, which may bo necessary to give full
effect to thci* acts properly done under the
Federal Government. But when you say that
persons maybe imprisoned without due process
of law, and held without any indictment, pro-
cess, or affidavit., in places where the courts
are open and the laws unobstructed, and out-
side of the laud and naval forces, and without
any right to be heard, oven denying them that
which two thousand years ago was the birth-
right of every lloman citizen, the right to know
the nature of the offense with which he was
charged, then, with all courtesy toward gen-
tlemen on the oilier side, I must refuse to give
my acquiescence or consent.
Let mc present anothei argument to lawyers
upon the other side of the House. The first
amendment to the Constitution provides that
"Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting the
free exercise thereof." Now, can Congress
make a law respecting the establishment of
religion'? If not, can it authorize any Federal
officer, by virtue of any order of a military
commander, verbal or written, to proscribeany
person in any part of the dominions of this
country for his religious creed ? Can any offi-
cer be authorizedtorcfu.se to allow any man to
exercise the right given him by his Creator to
worship Almighty God according to the dic-
tates of his own conscience? That could not
be done, because the Constitution says that
"Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting the
free exercise thereof."
The Constitution also says that "the right
of tho people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable
searches and seizures shall not be violated, and
no warrants shall issue but upon probable cause,
supported by oath oi affirmation, and particu-
larly describing the place to be searched and
tho persons or things to be seized." And in
another place it says, " Nor shall any person
be subject for the same offense to bo twice put
in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall he be com-
pelled in any criminal ease to be a witness
against himself; nor shall private property be
taken for public use without just compensa-
tion."
Under this bill it is proposed to give indem-
nity to officers in Kentucky and in New Jer-
sey and in other States, where the courts were
open, and where all the avenues of litigation
were free to every citizen, in their violation of
every one of the principles which I have re-
ferred to as being embraced in the guarantees
of the organic law, and which have existed in
England more than six hundred years. This
bill goes so far Us to allow murder, rape, arson,
and all the abominable crimes in the long cate-
gory of crimes of ancient times. Sir, pass such
a bill as this, and the enemies of freedom can
exult over the downfall of those principles of
liberty which our fathers have rendered venera-
ble and valuable. Pass this bill, and we shall
depart from all the principles of jurisprudence
as initiated in this country more than eighty-
years ago ; we shall overthrow tho bulwarks of
truth and justice, and invite the barbarism of
former days to thunder at the gates of Ameri-
can liberty.
Sir, I am willing to protect men in all their
lawful acts. But when you come to inflicting
punishment upon private individuals : men who
have done no wrong ; men who happened sim-
ply to disagree with you upon the great ques-
tions which have agitated the country f r four
and a half years, I cannot give my sanction to
it. If you will bring; these individuals before
courts, indict them, and convict them accord-
ing to law, I will stand by the law. But-1 am
opposed to the exercise of such arbitrary, un-
limited, despotic, supreme, and omnipotent
power as is given by this bilL . .
Why, sir, my own little State of New Jer-
sey—a State that freely furnished her sons for
the defense of the Union, and whose eitizens
have been foremost in the ranks ■, a State whose
soldiers saved tho capital of 'the neighboring
State of Pennsylvania from capture by the rebel
forces; a State whose citizens have always ral-
lied for the defense of the Constitution ; a State
who sent her soldiers to lay down their lives on
the plains of Virginia in order to protect the
the Constitution and the Government—has had
her borders entered by military men under the
mere tap of a hell controlled by an official ex-
ercising here at Washington the power of a
tyrant and a despot, who, exulting in lawless
power, asked the British minister whether the
Queen of England could wield such tyrannical
sway over the liberties of her subjects. No,
sir, the Queen of England could not exercise
such power as this bill proposes to legalize.
The common law of England protects the Brit-
ish subject against any such arbitrary power.
In view of the liberty-defending principles of
the British unwritten constitution, the cottage
of the poor peasant is his castle. It may be
mean and humble, and insufficient for his shel-
ter against the storms; the wind and the rain
may enter there; but tho King of England dare
not enter, because that obscure subject is un-
der the protection of the law. If the tenement
of the poorest man in England should be en-
tered by the King himself without due process
of law, the Parliament of that kingdom would
rise in indignation, and the offender would
meet a fate similar to that of Charles I, whose
head was brought to tho block.
Sir, peace has come: the war has ended,
and I want tranquillity and happiness to per-
vade this whole land. "Let the dead past bury
its dead." Let the transactions of the last five
years be buried in oblivion. Let us begin an
era of magnanimity and brotherly feeling; and
let us all do what we can for the protection of
tho glorious flag of the Republic. Why should
we seek to deny to men who have been incar-
cerated without authority of law that redress
which any man subjected to such treatment
would desire to have? Sir, an American citi-
zen values nothing so much as his liberty; he
feels that this is too sacred to he infringed with-
out due pi'OOess of law. The people of Ken-
tucky and other States, where a system of cruel
and wicked despotism has prevailed, desire
that they shall have the right to obtain redress
for their wrongs in a court of law, with an im-
portant judge and jury. Or, if you please, au-
thorize the ease to be carried, as this bill does,
to the circuit or the district court of the Uni-
ted States, where there can be no prejudice or
local feeling against tho defendant. But, in
the name of the Constitution, in the name of
liberty, in the name of humanity, I ask you to
allow to the man who feels himself aggrieved
the right to have a suitable tribunal decided
a legal way whether his rights have been in-
vaded.
Sir, shall men whose outrageous crimes are
such that the enormities of Nero and Caligula
become mild in comparison ; men who have
violated the dearest right of life, liberty, and
property without even the sanction of a court-
martial, be permitted to set at defiance theretrib-
utivo justice of the law ?
Why, sir, the laws of nature, irrespective of
any human enactment, give a man the right to
protect himself from the invasion of his per-
sonal liberty. By a law of nature handed down
to us by the Ruler of the universe, if one man
undertakes to violate the personal liberty _ of
another that other has the right to defend him-
self.
Sir, this bill proposes to legalize and exempt
from punishment acts which were crimes at the
time when they were committed. The acts of
trespass and robbery and false imprisonment
