3446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
man whether he has seen the official reports
made in England showing that the demand for
our cotton is far greater than it was before the
war, and that almost every grower of cotton in
every other country than o own has given up
growing the article.
Mr. KASSON. No, sir; I do not recog-
nize that as the fact, because I have not seen
the proof of it. I know that under the stim-
ulus of war prices extraordinary efforts were
made in India—and so far as I know they con-
tinue to this day—to produce larger crops of
cotton.
Now, sir, a member of this House who sits
near me, and who is largely interested in the
production of cotton, tells me that in view of
the price of labor, the article cannot be pro-
duced in this country to-day at less than six-
teen or seventeen cents per pound. Yet we
propose to tax this article at the rate of five
cents per pound—nearly thirty-three and one
third per cent, on the actual cost of the raw
product. No other raw product is taxed in
anything like such a proportion to its value.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he believes cotton will con-
tinue to cost, under the present system of
labor, sixteen cents per pound, when it was
formerly produced, under the system of slave
labor, at five cents per pound.
Mr. KASSON. 1 have two answers to make
to that question. In the first place, if the cost
of cotton over does come back to five cents per
pound, then we are proposing to tax this raw
material of the country one hundred per cent.
In the second place, I believe that this article
will-never get back to its former cost, for with
the system of free labor established in the South,
the freedmen working plantations there must
receive, if justice be done them, reasonable
wages, which they have never received as
slaves. The slaves received for their labor
nothing but their food and clothing. But with
the education which we are endeavoring to
give the freedmen, they will henceforward
demand increased compensation for their labor;
and I for one am disposed to give it to them.
Another reason with me for opposing this
proposition is, that by this excessive tax we
shall embarrass a branch of industry upon
■which the freedmen must largely reiy for their
elevation in household comfort and intelli-
gence. I insist that we should not embarrass
a branch of labor so essentially connected with
their interests.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to maintain that production by means
of free labor will be more expensive than pro-
duction by means of slave labor?
Mr. KASSON. In my view, sir, no clearer
proposition thau that can be presented. On the
one hand we have the slave, subsisting upon
bacon and corn bread, wearing one linsey-wool-
sey suit in a year, or possibly two, shod with
rough brogans or going barefooted. On the
other hand you have the free laborer, who will
have wheaten bread now and then, who will
wear broadcloth now and then, or at least
decent goods of homo manufacture ; who will
wish also to possess the means of educating
his family; who will desire to own a home-
stead and to furnish comfortably his own house.
To contend that the labor of men of the latter
class does not enter as a more costly element
into the production is to contend against the
plain evidence of facts.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman that he and I occupy exactly opposite
positions in regard to this question. I believe
that, intelligent free laborers, well fed and well
paid, will produce cotton and any other prod-
ucts more cheaply than they have ever been
produced under the system of slave labor.
Mr. KASSON. I have simply to speak of
the evident effects. I have stated that when
that labor was obtained at ten per cent. 
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman any longer, as my hour is rapidly run-
ning out, and I have promised to yield to other
gentlemen. I will ask the Speaker how much
time still remains of my hour.
The SPEAKER. Twenty-three minutes.
Mr. KASSON. I will only finish the*sentence
I have commenced and then yield the floor.
When I say the former cost of each laborer
on the amount of capital invested was scarcely
$100 a year, and when you cannot for the fu-
ture get that labor at $100 a year, you must
admit the cost of production will be increased
in the future as compared with the past.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield the gentle-
man any more of my time ; but before yield-
ing to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevexs] and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, .[Mr. Banks,] I desire to correct a single
point in the statement of the gentleman from
Iowa. The statement of the gentleman fx-om
Pennsylvania in regard to the discontinuance of
the cultivation of cotton lands is correct. To-day
there are thousands of bales of cotton on hand
in Liverpool, and yet the price of cotton rises,
and is a penny or two pennies more than it
was a short while ago.
Then in relation to another point. The gen-
tleman suggests it would be a great hardship
on our people if they were manufacturing for
other people at a lower rate than for ourselves.
Nearly one third of the goods which come to
this country are sold at lower rates here than
where they are produced. At the end of a
season, whatever stock may be left on hand
is always sent at lower rates into the market,
and our country affords the largest in the world.
So that foreigners do regard it of immense ad-
vantage to be able to keep their mills employed
even if they sell at a cheaper rate. I yield the
rest of my time to be divided between the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, as regards
the question of cotton, I think no man who
has studied the history of soils and climates
and productions but knows that America can
produce cotton for much less than one half of
what it can be produced for in any other coun-
try in the world. During the war they ran it
up until it reached a price of sixty cents per
pound, and even then, instead of using foreign
cotton, they used our cotton to the extent which
they could get. it, and only took the foreign
.article to supply them with -what they could
not get from America. I have no "hesita-
tion in saying, and gentlemen acquainted with
the history of the subject will understand
it, that if the cost of cotton in this country
were thirty cents per pound still it would all
be taken from here, because it could be got bet-
ter and cheaper in this country. The tax of
five cents will not stop the sale of a single
pound of it. A tax of ten cents would not
stop the sale of a pound of it.
We should have amended the Constitution,
and then Congress could have placed a tax of
ten cents upon the exported cotton. Even then
there would be more exported than to-day.
The result would have been, on the thousands
of bales exported we would have reaped mil-
lions of dollars of revenue for the Govern-
ment. We would have obtained, sir, some
compensation from those who were the cause
of prolonging the war and imposing the pres-
ent grinding taxation upon our people. We
should have made them, sir, pay a portion of
it. Why shall we not do it? They ought to
be made pay a portion of our heavy taxes. It
will not stop the growth of a single pound of
cotton. It will enable us to get from those
people a large amount of revenue from this
article of cotton which they will still continue
to export from this country, for they can get it
nowhere else, oven then, cheaper or better, and
it is the only mode I see in which we are likely
to get from them any compensation for the
trouble they have caused us. I know no one
who can oppose this who is not a free trader
in theory or practice, and who does not scorn
the idea of protecting American manufactures,
American industry. I say opposition to this
comes, and can come, from no one here except
those who are the advocates of the doctrine of
free trade.
Mr. KASSON. I ask whether, when the
gentleman states no one can be opposed to this
who is not in theory or practice a free trader,
he means to refer to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose so, from the
gentleman's argument.
Mr. KASSON. If he^leaves it upon my
argument 1 have nothing to say, but if he
asserts it on outside matters—;—
Mr. STEVENS. I never go outside of these
walls in reference to what I say here. I say
that his argument here is a free-trade argu-
ment, and nothing but a free-trade argument.
It has not one symptom, one odor of protec-
tion about it. All I can see in it is free trade.
Now, I do not know whether we are to have
any further discussion on this bill; but I de-
sire to say that the amendment of the Senate
in regard to the subject of tobacco is the most
ruinous, heartless, and crushing provision that
ever was imposed upon the industry of a peo-
ple—of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and
all the western States. Before this iniquitous
principle of applying a tax of ten cents on
tobacco worth fifty dollars the same as on that
worth $100—before that principle was adopted
the county in which I reside raised $2,000,000
worth of tobacco and sold it. We put, on an ad
valorem duty, and there were not $200 worth of
plants put in in that county. I have been in-
formed that since that time they have not raised
any such amount. They were fully prepared
to put in what would have produced millions
of dollars before that fatal blow was struck.
Now, if this bill passes they will not put out
their plants at all. The same must be the case j
I am sure, in Ohio, and elsewhere, where to-
bacco is raised, on the Connecticut river. I
have no enmity to the Connecticut river, but
they have great advantages there. They sell
their tobacco at forty dollars where we sell it
at eight. I have only time to add that the tax
levied by the Senate crushes out the whole of
the industry engaged in this branch, and I hope
the House will not agree to it.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I support the
tax on cotton proposed by the committee, not •
in the belief that it will materially affect the
quantity produced or its market value, but be-
cause I believe it to be one of the legitimate
objects of taxation from which we can, without
detriment to the producer, the manufacturer,
or the merchant, obtain a large portion of the
revenue necessary to defray the expenses of the
Government and meet the obligations incurred
during the war.
If this tax were in any essential degree to
affect the quantity produced and its value in
the markets of the world, or tended to stimulate
its cultivation in other countries, or deprive us
of the monopoly which we have had, and in
my opinion will still have, of this article which
enters so largely into the textile manufactures
of the world, 1 should hesitate, even in view
of the financial necessities of the country. Bat
in my opinion it will not have this effect. It
stands upon different grounds. It can be sus-
tained without injury to any one of the great
interests of the country, and" perhaps with ben-
efit to all. It is in this view that 1 present the
question.
Mr. Speaker, before the cotton crop of this
country can be largely increased it is indispen-
sable that the General Government should do
many things to protect and aid those who are
or may be engaged in its culture. They are at
present unable to control permanently any one
of the many elements of power necessary to
insure successful results in this branch of in-
dustry. The advantages to be derived from
stable and just government, capital, credit, con-
tinuous labor, the security of property, and the
maintenance of just laws, all of which are es-
sential and indispensable to successful indus-
try, can be enjoyed only through the assistance
of the Federal administration. In no one of
the cotton States are these indispensable pre-
requisites to the profitable culture of cotton
within the control of the people themselves. I
In the lower valley of the Mississippi, for ex-
ample, it will be necessary that the General
Government should assume the management
