2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mav 9,
V '
sinationofMr. Lincoln, 1 learned from various
sources that there was a 'class of public men
among us who hoped to have a new cast of
the Administration, a reorganization, a recon-
struction of political parties. It was more than
hinted by some of these persons that the radi-
cals would be "sloughed off," that the extreme
men of the rebel. States would be "sloughed
off," and that there would be a great political
organization composed of conservative men.
The belief was expressed by these managers
that the President of the United States would
be the founder of a great party, as were Jeffer-
son and Jackson. It was a new era, just the
lucky moment to found a great party of the
future—a party that would take care of its
founders.
Sir, I confess these hints gave me some anx-
iety, some alarm for the country. I am among
those who believe in the faith and creed, in the
motives, objects, and purposes of that political
organization which made Mr. Lincoln Presi-
dents 1860, which carried the countrythrough
the fire and blood of civil war, and reelected
Mr. Lincoln in 1864. I believe it to be a lib-
erty-loving and patriotic organization, com-
posed of the noblest, the truest men of our
country, and that an overwhelming majority
of the thoughtful, reflecting, conscientious,
Bible-reading, and God-fearing men of the
country are in its ranks. Every sentiment
that great organization has ever breathed has
been for liberty, for patriotism, for justice,
for humanity, for the elevation of every be-
ing who breathes God's air or walks His
earth. I do not claim that its public men
are better than the public men of other par-
ties who have gone before us or of other parties
that have existed in our time; but the great
masses, the rank and file, the men who give
the votes, are swayed and controlled by as
lofty motives as ever animated the bosom of
humanity. Thus believing, I felt it to be the
duty of patriotism and of liberty to labor by
day and by night to prevent a rupture and to
preserve the integrity of that political organi-
zation that held the control of nearly all the
States and of the national Government. Ani-
mated by that desire, during the last autumn,
for six weeks, before vast throngs of men in
Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York, I
maintained everywhere that there need be no
difference among us, that there must be no
rupture, that there should be none. I came
here in December animated by that spirit,
resolved that no word or act of mine should
precipitate a disruption of the great Union
party of the country. It was only when the
civil rights bill, the dearest measure I ever
yet supported in the twelve' sessions I have
been here, was vetoed ; it was only when the
22d of February speech was made and a deter-
mination avowed to maintain the President's
policy against any policy that might be devised
by the Congress of the United States, that I
thought the disruption of the ties that bound
the President to the great Union party of the
country possible if not probable.
The Senator from Pennsylvania said another
thing, which, as he was replying to some re-
marks of mine, I choose to notice now. He
spoke of the hate that animated some of our
people. Sir, I can say before my conscience
and my God that during these thirty years of
struggle between the irrepressible forces of anti-
slavery and slavery in America, I have never
entertained one sentiment of unkindness toward
my countrymen of the slave holding States. As
1 have gazed upon the graves of neighbors and
of kindred who have fallen in this war, I have
never had a feeling_ of revenge. I have felt
that this struggle, which was a contest of ideas,
of thoughts, of acts, and of blood, was a logical
«inu philosophical contcst. It wins & contest
between men trained in the spirit of liberty •
that spirit which embraces in its affections all
the children of men of every clime and race •
that spirit which pulls not the highest down',
but lifts the lowest up, on the one hand, and
on the other the dark, malignant spirit of sla-
very, which shrivels the mind and debases the
soul. For two hundred years the one side had
been trained to the love of freedom, justice,
and humanity, and the other had been trained
in the spirit of caste. It was a contest of giants;
itwasthe "irrepressibleconflict;" anditcama
to blows; and when it did come to blows it
rocked the continent with its power. We have
triumphed. Slavery dies a traitor's death, and
leaves a traitor's name in the history of the
Republic. Liberty, patriotism, justice, human-
ity, all that is noble, all that inspires men to
lofty deeds were with us in that contest. I look
upon the contcst as one that could not well be
avoided. We have triumphed ; and I want no
more blood, no more confiscations. I want
none of their houses, or their lands, nor any-
thing that is theirs. From the day that Kirby
Smith surrendered his army to this hour, no
person from the rebel States has asked a favor
from me that I have not freely given. I mean
to give act, vote, and thought to elevate, im-
prove, and build up that war-blasted section
of the country. WThat I say of myself T can, I
am sure, say of the great masses of the State
1 represent. We would build the church, erect
the school-house, send the teacher, send capi-
tal, send skill, do everything to build up the
war-worn and waste places in the rebel States.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, as usual
with him, was very boastful; he was prophetic.
1 have heard that Senator make predictions
before. I remember that during the late long
and bloody war that Senator, who opposed
many of the measures advocated by the major-
ity on this floor and sustained by the Adminis-
tration, often predicted the direst disasters from
the enactment of those measures. When the
confiscation bill was pending he opposed it.
When the proposition was made to make free
the slaves captured from the rebels in the places
our Army should take possession of or who
should come within the lines of our Army, the
Senator declared it a disruption of the Union
and a desecration of the sacred charter of the
Constitution. The Senator gave his vote against
that measure recommended by President Lin-
coln to aid the loyal States in emancipation :
and yet he told us yesterday that he supported
the President now, as he did once before, and
we had to submit before, and we would have
to submit now. The Senator opposed the
repeal of that dark act that blackened the
legislation of the country—the fugitive slave
law. To thatmeasure of humanity, of justice,
of the organization of labor—the Freedmen's
Bureau—that Senator gave his persistent oppo-
sition. To the act allowing the negro to give
testimony, an act of simple justice, that Sena-
tor gave his opposition. To the act to make
free the wives and children of the men who
were fighting the battles of the country, that
Senator also gave his opposition. In fact, most
of the leading measures of the Administration
of Mr. Lincoln met, as is well known, his stern
opposition, and those measures were carried
by those of us here whom he then branded as
radicals, and whom he now continues to brand
as radicals.
The Senator told us that he belongs to one
wing of the party and that we radicals belong
to the other. I must say I would like to see
the wing of the party to which that Senator
belongs in the State of Pennsylvania. If he
belongs to the very tip of the tail of the party
in Pennsylvania I have yet to see it. The Sen-
ator well knows that during the past three years
he has had the sturdy opposition of the Repub-
lican press of Pennsylvania and of the Repub-
lican masses of Pennsylvania. I remember, in
1863, when the contest, so important to the
country, between Judge Woodward, the repre-
sentative of opposition to the war, on the one
hand, and Governor Curtin, who had contrib-
uted so much to carry on the war, on the oilier,
stirred Pennsylvania to its profoundest depths,
that the Senator took no part in the contest!
I remember, in 1301, when the contest was
between Mr. Lincoln, whose friend he now
professes to be, and the nominee of the Chi-
cago platform party, he had little voice or
counsel to give, except very severe criticisms
upon the Administration, and not very stinted
laudations of General McClellan. To-day all
the Republican presses but one in Pennsyl-
vania support the general policy of Congress.
There are one or two others that give a sort of
divided support to Congress and to the Presi-
dent. I will not remind the Senator of the
action of the Republican convention a few
weeks ago, or of the action of the Legislature
of his own State. Surely their action is tin
indication of the temper of the people of his
great Commonwealth.
The Senator tells us now that we radicals
do not belong to the Republican organization.
Sir, they have a delegation from Pennsylvania
in the other House, and no one man among
them of the Republicans stands where that
Senator stands. In truth, every indication in
that State shows that at least ninety-nine out
of every one hundred of the Republicans of
that State are with Congress. We radicals do
not belong to the party! I should like to see
the party with the radicals weeded out.
Why, sir, I have not a doubt of the fact that
in the. free States to-day there is not a repre-
sentative or a senatorial district in which the
Johnson men can elect a man opposed to Con-
gress to their State Legislature without the
votes of Democrats. Here are thirty-nine
Republican Senators. How many of them
are outside of the ranks of the branded radi-
cals ? There are one hundred and forty Re-
publicans in the House. How many of them
are outside of the ranks of the radicals ? Sir,
you can put all the Johnson men in the Senate
and House of Representatives on one side of
one of the street cars on the avenue. They
could be packed on the front and rear, and
they could carry their market baskets, too.
[Laughter.] Of one hundred and eighty mem-
bers they have, perhaps, ten, and they are
stronger here, by far, than they are in any
portion of the free States to-day.
Sir, let any one of these much reproached
radicals start for his home, and from'the mo-
ment he leaves yonder depot until he reaches
his home he will receive an ovation, hearty
God's blessings, from almost everybody, and he
may travel for days and never hear a word said
in favor of " my policy " from any party or set
of men. The Senator from New York [Mr.
Harris] went home the other day, and I ven-
ture to say he met nothing but approving smiles
and applauding words from the men who made
this Administration. There is not one per cent,
of the Republicans of New York who do not
approve of the votes he has given in this Con-
gress. And when the other Senator from New-
York the other day gave his vote in favor of
the civil rights bill, it brought the instantaneous
applause of the galleries, and it was repeated
by the hundreds of thousands of the Union men
of the great State of New York. So it is with
all these Senators about me and of the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. They
never had so much the confidence, the respect,
and the love of the people as they have now,
and if any one man of them is specially singled
out for opprobrium he is from that moment
dearer to the people than ever before.
Although I do not like to make predictions,
I will venture to say, in answer to what, was
said by the Senator from Pennsylvania and the
Senator from Wisconsin, that in almost every
State the Republican party is stronger now
than it was a year ago. We gave seventy-eight
thousand majority for Abraham Lincoln and
Andrew Johnson in 1861 in Massachusetts. I
would pledge my life that we can give one hun-
dred thousand majority for impartial suffrage
m Massachusetts now, and that where we have
one Republican against it we have fifty Demo-
crats for it. I will make this suggestion to the
Senator from Pennsylvania—and he and I will
remember it when we meet, if we live, in De-
cember next—that he will find that not more
than an average of one per cent, of the Repub-
lican party of the country has been led off into
any stray movements.
'Do the Senator from Pennsylvania and the
Senator from Wisconsin believe that they can
