m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
stitution devolvesitupon Congress to look at the
government, of a State and " determine whether
it is republican or not;" and further, that the
decision of Congress upon the point "is bind-
ing- upon every other department of the Govern-
ment," But aside from what the court has said,
it is apparent from the very nature of the thing,
that the great civil and political question—big
with the rights of the southern people, white and
black—involved in the determination of what is
or is not a republican State, belongs essentially
to the legislative branch of the G overnment. Of
course, in the execution of this guarantee affirm-
ative legislation.by Congress would, as m other
cases, have to be accompanied by the sanction
of the President.
Again : there are at least four other guaran-
tees of safety and justice to the loyal people
who have saved this,country at so great a cost
of.blood and treasure, every one of which should,
in my judgment, be incorporated in (he Con-
stitution of the United Slates before admitting
representation from any State which has been
in rebellion, and from all consideration, author-
ity, or judgment concerning which, the Execu-
tive is discharged, as I lia^ explained, by the
Constitution itself: First, an amendment placed
in the fundamental law of the whole land, put-
ting it above all question and all cavil, that 110
State has a right to secede from the Union at
her sovereign will and pleasure. Secondly, an
amendment guarding against nil fluctuations of
time and party, all possible relapses of corrup-
tion, giving the people of the Union and the
people of every State perfect, repose, perfect
security against the possibility of ever being
burdened with the payment of any portion of
that enormous rebel debt which was contracted
in the satanic effort to lay the Republic in ruins.
Thirdly, making representation, and conse-
quent power in this Government, bear an exact
proportion to the measure of political justice
practiced by each State in the U nion—1 mean
an amendment apportioning representation in
Congress, with proper guards, according to the
number of persons who arc represented in each
State respectively—thereby protecting the loyal
people of the nation from the crying injustice
and palpable danger of restoring the lale rebel
communities, as proposed by some, not to equal
rights in this Union, sir, as is delusively said, but
on a basis giving to the recent traitors of the
South, man for man, nearly double the political
power in the popular branch ofthe Government.,
and over the future destinies of tlx1 Republic,
which belongs to the loyal citizens of the country
who have saved it from destruction at the hands
of these very traitors. Fourthly, an amendment
forever excluding all rebels from the high of-
fices, civil and military, under this < lovemmenl
-—•thereby giving bloodless satisfaction to jus-
tice, and a deadly blow to the aristocracy out of
which the rebellion sprung.
Every one of these suggested amendments is
not only needed as a means of giving security,
repose, and sat is/act ion to I lie country, but .what
is more and higher, they arc all inherent 1} right.
Ton can look an honest man straight.in theeyes
while demanding them, sir. Isii not right that
a final and unmistakable constitutional quietus
should be given to both of those twin monstros-
ities, divinity of shivery and ascendency of Stale
over national sovereignty, which wete blown up
together by political demagogues and a prosti-
tuted clergy, until they finally exploded in wrath
and blood and tieason through the land? Is it
not right that a like quietus should be placed
upon the rebel debt; that the loyal people of t he
nation. North and South, should have perfect,
security against, the corrupting power and con-
tingent, danger of that debt? And is it not a
mockery and an insult, to tell them they should
take any risk whatever when they can so easily
and so justly guard against all risk by amending
the fundamental law before admitting the ex-
rebel communities to power? Ifthisisnotdone
I regard it as eminently probable, if not morallv
certain, that the rebel States, under the old ruling
class, will, each for it self, burden the labor of its
poor people, white and black, loyalist and trai-
tor, with the payment of the rebel debt it has
contracted; thus grinding with cruel injustice the
loyalists of the South, and greatly impairing the
ability of that section to contribute its just share
in [he liquidation of our legitimate national debt.
That statesman assumes a fearful responsibility,
sir, who would leave the nation, and especially the
producing laborers ofthe South, exposedtosnch
a danger as this 1 But, further, is it not right
that the ex-rebel of Tennessee or Carolina, Vir-
ginia or Mississippi, should be restored to no
more, political weightin the Government he has
striven so hard to destroy, than is enjoyed by
the northern patriot who has given all that was
mortal of his son to some battle-trench of the
South, or southern grave-yard where starved
men were buried? And is it not right that the
nation should smite with the voice of its funda-
mental law, as utterly and forever unworthy ot
its trust, those ringleaders who betrayed it so
infamously and to such deadly hurt ?
Send these questions to the country, sir. Send
them to New England, New York, and Penn-
sylvania, whose volunteer levies gauged the high -
water mark of human heroism upon the im-
mortal field of Gettysburg; send them to Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, and the Northwest,
whose invincible legions, abler than tho*e ot
Alexander or Caisar. cleared the banks of the
great river to the Gulf, stormed the mountain
barriers of Chattanooga, and swept in a circle
of tire and blood sheer through the heart ofthe
opprobrious confederacy; send them, sir, to the
whole loyal country, whose grand host, mar-
shaled for the filial conflict from every loyal
State, bore the banner of Liberty and Union tri-
umphantly through that, Tit an ian struggle ofthe
Wilderness, and, thoutdi ninety thousand brave
comrades fell from their ranks, planted it at last,
amid the wild plaudits of the nation, amid the
reeling of steeples, the clangor of bells, and the
boom ofartillery, overSpottswood, CastleThun-
dle, and Libbv Prison ! Ask these people who
have thus given live hundred and twenty-five
thousand of their strong sons to the jaws of death
in order to rescue the Republic from the parri-
cidal hand of treason—ask them whether they
will now have any skin-deep tinkering of states-
manship, any paltering in a double sense, any
uncertainty and danger in regard to the great,
and vital and plainly just points of security 1
have named ; and, sir. an answer shall come back-
to you which will startle you into a realizing
.sense of tilt1 grand purpose, the high moral power
which lies locked up in the great loyal heart
of this country ' That purpose is strong, be
cause it is allied to patriotism, justice, human-
ity; because it, recognizes progress as well as
order; because it is the will of God, expressed
in historic form, and working out the historic
ends ofthe Republic. It will not be thwarted
of these ends, sir! No power in the nation, offi-
cial or other, is strong enough to stand before
it. and turn it bade. It demands thai the old
reign of brotherly hne based upon infernal
i injustice shall cease, and cease eflectually. It
I demands that, the character of the American
| citizen shall no morebedogradednorliis patriot-
ism corrupted by being required to surrender his
conscience as a peace-offering; to either an im-
perious or a suing aristocracy of class, it de-
mands thai the honor of the nation shall not be
soiled with base ingratitude by abandoning our
southern allies who have done so much by strong
arms and patriotic sympathy to turn the scale of
the conflict in nut favor—abandoning them, sir,
to the bullet, the knife, the halter, the scourge,
the cruel code, the enforced ignorance, and com-
pulsory poverty which the bitter ''grudge" that
is owed them will so surely bringupon tlicir un-
protected heads.
The loyal people of the nation feel, sir, and
they know, that if one Cnrtius leaping into the
cluism was an offering propitious to the gods,
giving back solid earth for men to stand upon,
this mightv holocaust of more than half a million
of lh es ought t o have the moral and political con-
sequence of gi\ing to them and their posterity
forever a firm and as-ured ground of justice and
safety to stand upon! They feel, su, and they
arc proud of the fact, that their grand army of
citizen soldiery has covered itself with imper-
ishable glory, by executing the most prodigious
military performance recorded in b ist ory. They
now look to their civil representatives," and de-
mand the exhibition of a statesmanship which
history will not blush to record in contrast with
its great military antecedent—a statesmanship
which shall inaugurate the new and better order,
by first gathering up the most vital results of
the war and concreting them as the expressed
will of the nation, some in the fundamental law
of the Republic, and others in great and stable
statutes of liberty. When this is done, and not
before, let the late rebel States resume full po-
litical power in the Government.
Some one has said that America produces the
largest rivers, the handsomest women, and the
most impudent men anywhere to be tound on
the face of the whole earth. It is true, indeed,
sir, as to the impudence. If there is one pos-
tulate of common sense and common honesty
and common decency which more plainly than
another is seen to be hue at. the first, glance, it
is that the tried and proved friends of the Gov-
ernment, who have stayed it up from overthrow
during this terrible war, have now a right to set
the national house in safe order, before read-
mitting to power and influence over that houSe,
those who have just now stolen its treasure, cap-
tured its sentinels, plundered its arsenals, fired
its rooms, blown up its buttresses, and covered
its wide halls and long corridors deep with the
blood of its loyal defenders! And now, that
these mischievous rioters have been quelled and
disarmed by the frieuds ofthe house, that they
should expect, or dream, or imagine that they
have any other right but, to take a back seat
until those friends have time to fix up the house
for their proper future accommodation, is an
instance of impudence having no parallel in
profane and only one in sacred history—and
that, was when the devil extended an invitation
lo the Lord to full down and worship him !
That, preliminary lixing-up of the house—in
addition to what has already been done—con-
sists essentially in my judgment ofthe five fun-
damental things which I have named. Let us
look at these a little more in detail, and see
more particularly what relation they sustain to
the honor, the sense of justice, and the future
repose and security of the nation; and, with a
view to being strictly practical in our conduct,
lot us keep in view the probable voice that will
coiuc back from the country when it comes to
be interrogated on each of those points respect-
ively.
First, the guarantee of a republican form of
government, which, as we have seen, belongs to
Congress to judge of and determine. "Will any
one question that the loyal people of the whole
country wish to have this guarantee executed be-
fore admitting the revolted States to political
power? Do they not wish that these States shall
come with republican governments? Is it not
inherently right that they should be required so
to conic? And is that a republican State which
is based upon a fraction lit even its while popu-
lation? But especially, and more directly and
certainly to the point, is that a republican gov-
ernment which signally fails to protect the
great right of liberty which has been conferred
upon one half of its people by the sovereign
will of the nation? Certainly, sir, it is not;
and right hero conies in the power of Congress
to guard and make real the precious boon of
civil freedom which has been pledged to the
colored people of the South, in consideration
of their great service to the Government in its
time of need. I say nothing, sir, of the political
right of suffrage in itself. For the purpose of
assuming a position of impregnable practical
strength, upon which all Union men unite, i
limit myself to the very terms of the bond, and
say that the loyal people of the country stand
pledged to secure civil liberty to the colored man
of the South, and that they demand an efficient
execution of that pledge as part, of the basis of
reconstruction.
Secondly, a constitutional amendment de-
claring in literal terms the indissolubility of
the Union. Is there not, a real need of this?
Are the opinions that a -State has a sovereign
