1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8447
of the Mississippi river. A large portion of
the best eottou lands of the country are now
submerged or iu danger of overflow. Every
year will increase t he destruction of lands that
have been reduced to cultivation, and prevent
the reclamation of extensive tracts that might
be, and doubtless will be, devoted to this great
interest. But it is now unproductive and use-
less to the people, and altogether beyond their
power of reclamation. Nothing less than the
powerful and sustained aid of the General Gov-
ernment cau render this part of the country
accessible or secure to the cultivators of cot-
ton, sugar, or any other important agricultural
product. Without this aid it can do little more
than provide subsistence for the people, if in-
deed this were not beyond their power. The
restoration of the levees of the Mississippi, the
Red river, and other less important bayous and
rivers, will cost twenty or thirty million dol-
lars, It is a work altogether beyond the power
of the people, whose substance has been de-
stroyed and whose country has been laid waste
in the late terrible war; and the maintenance
of the work, if completed, is equally beyond
their present means.
In other parts of the country it will be ne-
cessary tor the Government to assist the people
in securing continuous and contented labor to
relieve them for a time at least from the heavv
burdens consequent upon the war ; to extend
to them its credit and secure to them that
permanent peace without which compensating
industry is impossible. For evervthmg that
belongs to good government and successful in-
dustry, the people of the South will be more or
less dependent upon the Federal administra-
tion : and with this aid we shall be able, with-
out difficulty, iu my opinion, to equal the lar-
gest crops of past years, or to double and treble
them in quantity. Instead of the five million
bales produced before the war, it is not impos-
sible that we may gather, at a, day not far dis-
tant, leu and fifteen ami even twenty million
bales. Cotton has been produced onh in live
or six States or parts of States. It is capable
of successful cultivation, with greater or less
profit, in twenty States of the Union. It is by
no means certain that the present prices will
be maintained indefinitely ; still less is it prob-
able that its value will be so far enhanced as to
give other nations an advantage over American
cotton in the foreign markets of the world. 1
do not know what time may be required to re-
establish, upon a permanent basis, the industry
of lite South. 1 entertain no doubt, however,
that it can be or that it will be done; and when
it is accomplished we shall find that we are able
to produce cotton in such quantities and at such
prices as to make it impossible for other coun-
tries to compete with us, whatever aid and en-
couragement they may receive from their re-
spective Governments. If we are capable of
good government we are destined more than
ever to secure and maintain the monopoly of
this great staple, the substantial basis of the
world's industry.
In years past, I believe, cotton has been
grown in favorable seasons for five cents a
pound or less. I have no doubt whatever that
it may be and will be produced at fifty per
cent, less cost than it ever has been raised in,
this country; if at five cents before, then at
two and a half eeats per pound. I speak of
course of tlie cost, of production alone at the
same standard of values, a standard of gold,
not of paper, to which I hope we may come
at some time or other, and without subjection
to the heavy burdens imposed upon our indus-
try in consequcnee of the war. If under the
most wasteful and extravagant system of in-
dustry that the world ever saw cotton could be
grown and sold without loss at five cents a
pound, ivliat extravagance is there in assuming
that with the most, economical system of labor,
like that applied to the manufacture of cotton,
with all the advantages of mechanical ingenu-
ity, the eiiercv imparted by compensated in-
dustry, and tlie constantly_ increasing intelli-
gence of labor that results in many ways from
j sharing in the profits of the work; what extrav-
j aganee i$ there, I ask, in assuming that the
| same results can be obtained at one half the
i cost of former crops, or even less than half
i the cost of product under the old system? A
far greater advantage has been obtained every-
1 where and in everything by free, intelligent,
and interested labor over that of serfs and
slaves.
I listened with respectful attention to the
statements of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Ivassox] as to the different conditions of labor
now as compared with that of the old system.
But in his estimate of this difference, the gen-
tleman omits one most important considera-
tion. lie says very justly that formerly plan-
tation labor cost the planters but a couple of
suits of Kentucky jeans eaeli year, and a scanty
fare of corn breadand poor bae'on ; and that now
the laborer requires, after the st\ ie of northern
labor, I suppose, good food, comfortable dwell-
ings, education .for his children, and broad-
cloth instead of jeans for clothing. That is
very true. But we must remember also that
under the old system the plantation laborer
was entitled to a bare subsistence as the re-
ward of his toil, amounting to perhaps three
or live per cent, of the profits of the crop. The
planter and his factor received fifty or seventy-
live per cent., which was expended in extrava-
gant systems of cultivation, costly machinery,
heavy interests, or wasted m other extravagant
expenditures in the country where he lived, or
in other countries where lie spent a large por-
tion if not all of bis time. The laborer was a
slave, lie received nothing that wasnotneces- j
sary to bis existence. Beyond that everything ;
j went, to the capitalist, the master, his factors, j
I and his creditors. At the end of the year the
j master and the slave were pooralike. Xowthe
j laboiei will get not only a subsistence, the
I meaii^ of existence, but a share of tile profits,
i ll is from this that lie obtains his better living,
j improved dwelling better raiment, and edu-
cation tor his children. If his share were ten
or twenty times that which he received when
a slave, it would not affect the quantity nor the
value of the crop. It is a new rule of divis-
ion between labor and capital, between the
employed and the employer, it is a change
with mutual advantages. The market price
or cost of the cotton will depend upon differ-
ent considerations, of which the compensation
of labor is but an immaterial, and the rule for
division and profits between labor and capital
the material and controlling point.
Looking upon a cotton or sugar plantation
in the South, jou cannot fail to see from the
character of its organization that the greater
poition of the profits were applied to other and
less profitable things than the improvement,of
the plantation, the economy of lime, product,
or labor. Largo estates, numerous idle hands,
unrestricted waste, universal indolence, and
extravagant and thriftless customs of labor
and life consumed the product of the soil and
left the cultivator a bankrupt, without hope of
improvement in his condition except by an
increase of the evils that crushed him, and an
attempt to overthrow the Government that pro-
tected him. From this came the poverty, trea-
son, rebellion, and defeat of the South.
Under the new system of cultivation large
estates will be broken up. Usurious interests
upon hands that never worked, and old debts
that could never be paid will be stopped.
Laboring men will plant for themselves, as les-
sees or owners of the soil. 'J'hey will turn over
their crops of one acre or more to those who
can manage the markets to the best advantage.
All the intelligent laborers are likely to culti-
vate the land for themselves, whether as les-
sees or owners. A new class of factors will
arise, men who no longer manage old debts,
or receive pledges of future crops, but who will
buy at fair prices and sell at small profits
whatever crops are offered, whether large or
small, from the acre of the emancipated slave
or the plantation of the disintiiralied master.
Such changes as these are not impossible.
In time they will be certain. They^ are certain
to reproduce from the cultivated fields of the
South as much and all that they have ever pro-
duced. They will recuperate old and reclaim new
lands. They will enrich the country by a more
equitable division of profits among the people.
By increasing the quantity of the crop and re-
ducing the price of the product they help us to
maintain the monopoly of cotton without losing
altogether tlie control of our senses.
I do not expect to see these results produced
by the same agents that havo led tlie South to
destruction heretofore. New men are neces-
sary to the success of new measures. The
people of the South must apply to the culti-
vation of the soil the apostolic injunction.
They must try all tilings that are new and hold
fast all that are good. If governments can bo
provided for the cotton-growing States that
will strengthen the Union while they promote
the prosperity of their people, in which power
shall be exercised by friends and not by enemies,
1 know not what limit can be fixed to the gener-
osity or clemency of the loyal States. What-
ever is in my power I shall cheerfully give.
Without, this there is little of good, I fear, for us
or for them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if we cau assist the South
in securing such political organizations—gov-
ernments iti harmony with the institutions of
the country and with the spirit of the age ; gov-
ernments thai are in all respects ill accord with
thegeneral administration of the country, with-
out which they can never successfully cultivate
the soil—they can well allbrd to pay a tax of
five cents a pound on their cotton. Assessed
upon a product which is almost, exclusively the
growth of American soil, if, cannot, impair our
control of foreign markets. Coupled with an
exemption from this duty, iu the form of a
drawback, when manufactured in fliis countryj
it cannot increase the cost of the supplies ot
the manufactured article. The burden of the
fax is borne by foreign purchasers, and not by
our people. It willaid us to reduce taxes upon
many necessaries of life. "It will extend the
markets for American manufactures. It will
reconcile the people to liberal appropriations
for the benefit of the South for compensation
for losses, and to a temporary relief from the
excessive burdens of taxation. It is a meas-
ure that will benefit the whole country, without
bearing unjustly upon any part; and as it may
be reduced or removed as the financial exigen-
cies of the Government diminish, it ought not
to be regarded as unjust or oppressive.
The report of the Committee of Ways and
Meuns upon all those amendments on which
separate votes had not been demanded was
then agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
third amendment of the Senate on which a
separate vote had been demanded, to wit: in
line thirteen (in the paragraph in reference to
the tax tin cotton,) strike out the word " five"
and insert " two," so as to make the tax two
cents per pound.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
'The amendment was non-eoncurrcd in.
Mr. 'HUMBLE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House non-concurred iu tho
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. ANCOXA. 1 demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 47, not voting
51; as follows;
VE \S — Mex-r-. Alley, Allison, Ainc.s Dclos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, B.-mlts, Beiiiamin, Uiwthain, Bout-
well JSromwell, Broomull, liumly, Cobb, Conkling,
Cook, Cuilom, IkivK Dawes, Delimit;, Dixon, DriKKS,
IS'luleston, Eliot, t'lirquiuir, Kerry, (irmnell. Uris-
wofd, Ilato. lfart. ffciiiierson, fti^hv, Uoimes, llotch-
kiss, Asahcl Vv'. Ifubbiird, Dianas Iluhbiutf, John XL
iDibliurd. lifulbimt, In^ersoll, Julian, Kolley, Kelso,
William Lawrence. Limavear, Lynch, Marston, Mar-
vin, MoCIurg, Jb'Ituer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead,
jiomll. Morris, Moulton. Myuis, O'Neill, Orth, Pat-
