.1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
right to secede, and that the Constitution is
broken by coercing it back, quite given up in
our land ? Far from it, sir. The number of
persons in the North who held and hold one or
both^of these positions is very large, while in
the South both opinions, on the point of very
right, are probably as prevalent as they ever
were. They mourn "a just but lost cause.''
They admit that the Government had more
men, more resources, and a longer purse. Bat-
men, resources, and money, are measures of
force and not ol' right. So the inward convic-
tion of the heart remains unchanged. Now,
sir, upon this great point of nationality, we want
the victory of force to draw with it the logical
consequence of passing on to a victory of perma-
nent, quieting law, so literally certain that no fu-
ture Calhoun, Davis. or Yancey will be able to
mislead any portion of the people. When we
consider that by and by we may number a hun-
dred States ; when we take into view our vast
prospective population : when we rcflcct upon
the climatic and other natural causes which
will tend to segregate in parts a dense popu-
lation extending over sueh an immense area,
I warn you. sir. that in the great future which
awaits us, we shall need a Constitution whose
language speaks nationality in terms so plain
as to preclude the possibility of misinterpreta-
tion. Now, before readmitting the seceding
, communities, who asserted so mightily the right
of secession, is the time to secure that amend-
ment. Afterward it will be too late forever;
the golden opportunity >vill be lost; the bitter
heresy of State secession, now cloven to the
ground by the scythe of war, will spring up
anew from its unextirpated and living roots,
and return to plague again our public life.
Thirdly, a constitutional amendment taboo-
ing the rebel debt as to State and nation. Who
can doubt that this form of security is really
needed? I have said-already, and it appears
to mc entirely ob\ious. that the rebel States, if
unrestrained by the Constitution of the Union,
will, as soon as they get full control of them-
selves, set aside the little airangements which
have been made at the point of the bayonet,
and burden their people with the great debts
they have contracted for the overthrow of this
Government—thus absorbing their revenues in
the payment of these debts, and so crippling their
ability to aid the exchequer of the nation. Who
can doubt that the one hundred thousand ex-
rebels of Tennessee, opposed to her forty thou-
sand loyalists, will, when left to themselves, and
unrestrained by the national Constitution, take
charge of that State bodily? And so, andworse,
if possible, of the other seceded States.
Neither, sir, do the people feel so secure as
they wish against this rebel debt in a national
sense. £: hut!1' it will come to be said after
awhile, ''tax us to pay your debt, to put large j
sums of money annually into the pockets of
your people, and you refuse to help us to pay
our debt, which grew out of the same squab-
ble, which was honestly contracted, and is
justly due! And we equal States in (he Union!
Call you this equality between members of the
same familj ? We getting all the shearing and
you all the wool!'" Arguments not a whit
sounder have, on more than one occasion, eon-
trolled the action of a once dominant party
in this country ; and when we recall the final
nether swoop of that party, when, compass-
ing not merely the imposition of a wicked debt,
but the very life of the nation, one half of it
rushed frantically at the throat of the Republic,
while a large portion of the other half lay like
a threatening thunder-cloud upon the North,
growling in sympathy with treason; and when
we contemplate the assemblage of their wise
men. standing upon the banks of the great west-
ern lake, and crying with a loud voice, " Great
is Babylon ! great is Babylon I her proud tow-
ers will noi be brought down by the battering-
ram of war!" and this just before those towers
were in fact laid prone by the stalwart blows ol
Grant and Sherman; and now, when we look
at these same wise 111011 on the one, hand, and
these, disarmed traitors on the other, and see
that, like two lo'ng-separated lovers, they are
fairly glowing with eagerness to rush into each
other's embrace, we are admonished that it is
prudent to postpone this embrace until we shall
have taken ample surety that the result of it
cannot bo another spawn of plagues upon the
nation!
Fourthly, the suggested amendment making
representation in Congress correspond with the
measure of suffrage behind it. This, or sub-
stantially this, I regard as a measure not only
perfectly just in itself, but as one of the most po-
tent agencies that can be wielded by the friends
of progress. Who can stand before the people
of the North and tell them that the late rebel
communities ought, as a matter of right, to have
between thirty and forty Representatives in Con-
gress uponnobetter basis than the unvoting and
therefore unrepresented colored people of the
South?^ Let this be changed, by all means; so
that a State shall either allow its people to vote
or else not have them counted in (he basis of her
representation. Sir, by this sign we conquer!
By this sign we move forward the whole column
ot civilization! For thus we make not only the
stars to fight against Sisera, but set Satan to the
work of casting out Satan. "Would you have
power in this Republic, over whose capitoline
dome towers the goddess of Liberty as a grand
and beautiful symbol of the rights (If man? Be
just, be humane, and incorporate the great prin-
ciples of true democracy in your State. You
do not wish to do this? Then submit to have
your power shorn to the exact measure of your
justice. '1 litis, sir, we have a mechanism by
which, placing our lever on the fulcrum of self-
ishness, we pry the whole man upward. Thus
we supply an alembic, by which prejudice is dis-
solved, humanity quickened, and a whole brood
of old barbarisms transmut ed into now and beau-
tiful elements of civilization. The poor, the
little, the despised and downtrodden would then
take on a now value to society, and would con-
sequently be more respected and better treated
than evei bnfoie. Say not that such an amend-
ment would be odious, as placing a recognition
of class distinction in the fundamental law of the
Republic. \ou know that distinction already
exists in fact, and that the practical tendency
of the amendment would be to remove it; so
that the objection not only sticlcs in the bark,
but breaks the faith to the heart while keeping
it to the car.
Finally, the suggested amendment exclud-
ing rebels forever from all the high offices of
honor or profit under the Government of the
United Slates. The value of such an amend-
ment would be great. A-? I ha\e suggested, it
would furnish a large, humane, and bloodless
satisfaction to justice. J have heard much said
about making treason odious. The adoption of
sueh an amendment would be doing something
to the purpose in that direction. I will say, sir,
that I will hiss no man on in the scent of blood.
1 am not strong on hanging. Neither am 1 very
strong on confiscation, though willing to do a
reasonable thing in that way. I look rather to
the application of great principles, of unques-
tionable justice and humanity, giving large sat-
isfactions, operating upon large masses, remov-
ing torpid and brutal social obstructions, and i
helping society on in its troubled and benighted !
march to the realization of those better things .
which I devoutly believe God has in store fur it. j
And I say emphatically, that in my judgment j
such an amendment would be a very potent .
means of breaking down that torpid and brutal |
social obstruction of class mle and aristocracy
i11 the South, out of which came the rebellion, j
and which is still the tormenting evil of the ;
Republic. Would you be humane to the great 1
mass of the southern people, white and black? ;
Wrench the scepter of power over this Govern- :
ment, at least, from hands which have only j
ruled to curse and to ruin. Is there not blood :
enough on those hands to work a forfeiture of ,
right to the scepter ? Besides, sir. the loyal '
people ot the country. North and South, want [
permanent, reliable security that their eyes I
shall never behold that insufferable spectacle, 1
some Robert E. Lee from Virginia, some Wade
Ilampton from South Carolina, some Jacob
Thompson from Mississippi, some Gideon J.
Pillow, or Fort Pillow Forrest from Tennessee,
walking into the other end of the Capitol or Into
this Flail to make laws for the people of the
United States ! That, sir, ought to be made an
impossible thing forever, and the only way to
do it is to place the prohibition of it in the Con-
stitution, high above the unstable security of a
mere statute which is subject to be set aside at
any moment. My strong impression Is, that if
this is not done before-admitting these commu-
nities to power again, it will not be long before
we shall see the lloors of these legislative Halls
speckled over with generals and colonels who
won the popularity which elevated them to office
by leading on the serried rebel column, undera
strange and detested flag, to the slaughter of the
patriot sons of the Republic! Sir, the very
bones of these heroic slain would rise up from
the fields of carnage where they fell, and re-
proach us for the infamy of so base a wrong to
the martyred dead! while their fathers, their
mothers, their widows, and their orphan chil-
dren would point the finger of scorn and cry
"Shame! shame!" with an emphasis more
blasting than the curse of the weird witeli, be-
cause made pungent, by the justice of God!
Look, sir. at the men who have already been
elected, as it is called, by most of these com-
munities ! Look at the message of the so-called
Governor Perry, of South Carolina, arguing
that the statute alluded to is unconstitutional
and ought to be repealed, and openly confess-
ing that the men returned by that State could
not. without flat perjury, teke the oath we have
all here taken! Read, for you may, from the
Richmond Whig of the 21st ultimo, that—
"In spite of the lite defeat of the Demcracv in
Ohio and Pennsylvania, the respect and confidencc of
the f-otithorn peojdc in that pai ty is as great as it over
was." "Tboyknowfullwcllthnt
if there was a Democratic, majority in Congress the
cniKji-f^unuil test oath would be swept aicay;"
thus ushering upon these floors as law-makers
for loyal men, women, and children, tlio ring-
leaders of the late bloody and infernal rebellion
against, country and against liberty ! Anil that
this opinion of the northern Democracy on the
part of the ex-rebels is correct, is proved by
the tact, that the Representatives of that party
upon this lloor have already, at this very ses-
sion. voted nearly unanimously to lay on the
table a resolution asserting the binding force
of that statute! We want a constitutional
bariier, sir, against this impending irruption
of rebel celebrities into the chief seats of the
Republic, which they have been unable to sub-
vert by stealth, fraud, and perjury, or to over-
throw by armed force in the field. Sir, my
sense of magnanimity would impel me to pass
by another way. and decline to speak thus of
a vanquished adversary, were it not that my
sense of right is outraged by that evil conjunc-
tion of stars in one quarter of our heaven which
. threatens to throw away the hardlv-earned fruits
of this bloody war, and, after the fashio'n of the
old, miserable, lowering-down compromises of
the past, to give to the nation, under the name
of a quieting panacea, a smash that will sick-
en the stomachs of the people, leave "sour-
ejed disdain'' to rankle in their hearts, and to
ripen, it may be, after another cycle of angry
unrest, into another purifying cataclysm of
blood! Now that Providence and the strong
arms of brave men have laid bare the living
rnek of righteousness, hard by the weltering
sloughs of injustice through which the nation
has struggled, let us, in God's name, liail with
great joy the high privilege of placing our feet
firmly upon that rock, remain in the mire who
will! Now that that old Rookery of Barbarism,
spanning erewhile our whole concave—filled
with all abominations—crawling creatures not
a few—peeping and muttering creatures ugly
as those seen by Dante perched in the infernal
wood—and sending from its high places doleful
notes of command across the night, marshal-
ing the nation down, down to the abyss!—now
that this obscene old Rookery lias been laid wide
