1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2487
go to the country—appeal to the Republicans
to elect Representatives or elect Legislatures
against us? They will not elect, in the free
States, a single Republican against us, unless
they do it with the aid of those who are ever
opposed to us. I say to our friends in Penn-
sylvania and Wisconsin and everywhere else,
that these Senators, who tell us they are fight-
ing within our ranks, mean to go beyond our
ranks; they mean to make combinations with
the men who stood on the Chicago platform in
1864, and with the traitors whose bayonets
were in frontof our legions in the rebel States.
"Without that countenance and that support,
there is nothing of them, and can be nothing
of them. Sir, how is it with Wisconsin ? One
paper there, started within a few weeks, sup-
ports the policy advocated by the Senator from
Wisconsin. The Legislature, with scarcely a
dissenting vote among the Republicans, have
spoken in condemnation of their Senator, and
asked liim to resign his seat.
Mr. HOWE. With the leave of the Senator,
I should like to correct him on one point. Ho
does not quite do justice to the Union party of
Wisconsin. He enumerates one paper there
that supports the policy of the President and
of my colleague, and of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I believe there is no Union paper
of that kind. There is a paper which was
started a few weeks ago, and I suppose it is the
one alluded to by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, which supports the person of the Presi-
dent and of my colleague very actively; but I
believe it lias never ventured to support their
policy. It regrets the defeat of the Freedmen's
Bureau bill and the defeat of the civil rights
bill.
Mr. WILSON. I am much obliged to the
Senator for the correction he has made. Then
it appears that none of the old journals of the
party sustain "my policy" or support the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dooutti.e.] We
all know that that Senator is a gentleman of
talent and personal character, for whom we
have great respect. It is a great thing for a
people to pronounce against such a Senator
or to pass a vote asking him to resign his seat.
It requires an immense pressure coming from
the body of the people, and can only come
from men actuated by the purest motives and
loftiest purposes. The fact that it is done is
only another evidence of the depth and strength
of the feelings of the people in favor of giving
equal, universal, and impartial liberty to the
four million men whom we have made freeby
this war. I tell you, sir, if there be one thing
down deep in the heart and soul of the Amer-
ican people, it is the purpose to see that these
poor bondmen are free in fact as well as in
name. They remember that Abraham Lin-
coln, in his immortal proclamation of emanci-
pation, pledged the faith and the power of the
Government to make them free. They have
passed a constitutional amendment clothing us
with full powers to make them free; and they
have resolved upon it, and they will not be
baffled. They have vowed it on bended knee
before Almighty God. I tell the Senators
from Wisconsin and Pennsylvania that it is that
motive animating the heart and impelling the
action of our people that makes them doubtful
of the policy of the President. It is no hostil-
ity to the President; it is no personal hostility
to the Senator from Wisconsin, for I think he
is among that class of men who would excite
personal hostility as little as almost any man
I know.
The action of the people of Wisconsin in re-
gard to the Senator is the most striking evi-
dence of our time of the love of the people for
liberty, justice, and humanity. Does the Sen-
ator expect to go before these people and have
them reverse their action ? Does he believe
he can elect a single member to Congress from
that State by the votes of the Republicans who
will support the policy indicated by the Presi-
dent and oppose the action of Congress ? Does
he believe he can electa Representative in his
State by Republican votes to the Legislature
that will do it? Every victory won by that
Senator and by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania over us is to be won by cooperation
with tiie men who stood ou the Chicago plat-
form in 18G4, pronounced the war a failure,
and denounced Abraham Lincoln as a tyrant.
Sir, I know not what we have done that God
should send afflictions upon us. I know not
why the hearts of loyal, devoted, and true men
that have been wrung with anguish during five
years of bloody strife should be made longer
sorrowful! We put this Administration in
power. We took Mr, Johnson, placed hiinon
the ticket with Abraham Lincoln, when he had
not a vote in America to give us. We did not
nominate him because he would give us strength
or power. He had proved true to the country
when his State, section, and political friends
proved false ; he rendered service to the coun-
try, and we recognized it. We had hundreds
of able men in the Held and in the civil coun-
cils, but we passed by them and nominated
him. We put aside the ever faithful Hannibal
Hamlin, by the votes of his own Now England,
to nominate Mr. Johnson. We put this Admin-
istration in power, and it went into power to
do precisely this : to put down this rebellion ;
to cement the Union ; to put down slavery, to
exterminate it root and branch ; to make the
bondmen citizens of the Republic, and clothe
them with the rights of manhood. Sir, I say
to the Senator from Wisconsin, who talks so
much of suffrage, that one year ago, after the
surrender of Kirby Smith, it was in the power
of the Administration to impose just such terms
as it believed the good of the country required
upon the rebel States. They were defeated,
conquered, humiliated. They expcctcd some
punishment for their crime of treason. They
expected the bondmen would be put underthe
protection of just and equal laws. Many of
their leading men not only expected suffrage,
but were ready for it. A systematic effort was
made last spring to tone down the sentiment
of the country. Sir, had the Administration
seized that glorious opportunity we could have
established impartial suffrage ; we could have
proclaimed universal amnesty; these seats
would have been tilled; and law and order,
harmony and peace, would have reigned all
over the country.
But the Senator from Wisconsin told us that
this Administration was pursuing precisely the
policy of Mr. Lincoln. 1 deny it altogether.
Mr. Lincoln organized Tennessee by the loyal
men of Tennessee. Traitors had to take the
backseat. Ho organized Louisiana by the loyal
men of Louisiana, although their numbers were
not many. In the State of Louisiana they made
a constitution emancipating slaves, leaving it
to the Legislature to fix suffrage; established
nine hours as the measure of time of a day's
work, and they made liberal provisions for
education. They made one of the most liberal
constitutions ever framed in America. Our
friends told us that their Legislature would give
suffrage, and the moment we had the relations
restored here that suffrage would come to the
freed people. Some of us thought so, and if
we had admitted them and the war had con-
tinued, I do not doubt it would have been so.
What is the result under this Administration ?
They have elccted two Senators in place of the
men elected by the Legislature under Mr. Lin-
coln. They have elected five Representatives,
all of them rebels. Not one of them can take
the oath. All their State officers are rebels.
Tennessee, Arkansas, and Louisiana were
organized under Mr. Lincoln by the loyal men
of those States. They went for freedom. They
adopted a progressive policy; not so_ fast as we
desired, nor so far, but still it was all in theright
direction. Some of us thought it would be safe
to admit their Senators and Representatives;
others thought otherwise. I am content with
the result. But what has been the organiza-
tion under this Administration ? Mr. Lincoln,
with Mr. Johnson's approval, organized the
States that he organized with loyal men. He
compelled the rebels to take, as Mr. Johnson
well said, "the back seats." The Legislature
elected by the loyal men of Virginia in the days
of Mr. Lincoln selected Mr. Underwood and
Mr. Segar to represent the State in the Senate
of the United States. Both of these gentlemen
now are and have been devotedly loyal to the
Union. Of the delegation of eight members
to the House chosen under the reconstruction
policy of Mr. Johnson, two signed the seces-
sion ordinance and were active rebels during
the rebellion. Mr. Chandler, of the Norfolk
district, has ever been loyal. Three only of the
delegation, I am assured, can conscientiously
take the prescribed oath. The three judges of
the court of appeals, recently appointed by
Governor Peirpoint, and sixteen judges of the
circuit court were active rebels to the end of the
war. One only of the nineteen judicial nomi-
nations made by Governor Peirpoint was a loyal
man, and he was rejected by the Legislature, -
receiving only nine votes. Every State olliccr
elected by the Legislature of Virginia at its
recent session was an active rebel. No Union
man stood any chance whatever to receive any
office at the hands of that Legislature.
North Carolina was organized by the election
of Governor Worth, a rebel, over Governor
Holden, professedly loyal, the election of a
Legislature that elected two United States
Senators who cannot take the required oath,
and by the election of an unbroken delegation
of disloyal men to the House of Representa-
tives. South Carolina was reconstructed by
the election of Mr. Orr, a disloyal civilian,
over Wade Hampton, a disloyal soldier; by
the election of Perry and Manning, identi-
fied with the rebellion, to the Senate of tho
United States, and a delegation to the House
of Representatives, none of whom can take
tho oath, unless it be Governor Aiken.
Reconstructed Georgia sends the rebel vice
president, Alexander II. Stephens, and the
unrepentant rebel, Herschel V. Johnson to
the Senate, and an entire delegation of trai-
tors to the House of Representatives. Unre-
pentant rebels reorganized the government
of Florida, elected a disloyalist for Governor,
one Senator and her Representative, and sent
Governor Marvin, a loyal man, to fill the term
that expires on tho 4th of March next. Judge
Marvin was elected Senator for that brief
period as a matter of policy, but he has not
the shadow of a chance for reelection. Re-
constructed Alabama made Robert M. Patton,
a bitter secessionist, Governor, and elected
Lewis E. Parsons and George S. Houston Sen-
ators of the United States, although it was
admitted that they could not take the pre-
scribed oath of office ; Langdon, a bitter rebel;
Freeman, a colonel in the rebel army ; Battle,
a brigadier general in the rebel army; and two
other secessionists, one of whom was a mem-
ber of the rebel congress,'to the Congress of
the United States.
Reorganized Mississippi elected General
Humphries, of the rebel army, Governor over
Mr. Fisher, supposed to be partially loyal;
Governor Sharkey, who may be able to take
the oath, and General Alcorn, of the rebel
service, Senators of tho United States ; Col-
onel Reynolds, of the rebel army, Mr. Pier-
son, Mr. Harrison, and Mr. West, so com-
promised by the rebellion that they cannot
take the oath of office, and Mr. Peyton, a
consistent Union man, to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Louisiana, reorganized under Mr. Lincoln
by her few loyal men, passed under the policy
of Mr. Johnson into the hands of her leading
secessionists. Her Legislature, pronounced
by Governor Wells in a recent telegraphic
dispatch to the President to be in favor of re-
actionary measures, elected Mr. Hunt and Mr.
Boyce, who registered themselves when Gen-
eral Butler had command of New Orleans as
enemies of the country, United States Sena-
tors, to crowd out Mr. Hahn and Mr. Cutler,
elected by her loyal Legislature. She elected
to the House of Representatives, Mr. Martin,
a register of voters under the rebel govern-
ment; Jacob Barker, editor of the Advocate,
twice suppressed for disloyalty; Robert C.
Wickliffe, of the rebel army, who was captured
