2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9y
at Port Hudson, Mr. King, and Mr. Iiuy, act-
ive and influential secessionists.
Texas has not completed the work of recon-
struction and reorganization. Governor Ham-
ilton, one of the truest and noblest Union men
of the South, and a few true and tried Union
men are bravely struggling to make Texas loyal
to the Union and to liberty, but 1 fear they are
struggling in vain. In a few weeks the gov-
ernment of Texas will pass into the hands of
unrepentant rebels, and disloyal men will be
selected to represent her in the Congress of the
United States. Of fourteen Senators chosen
in the States reconstructed under Air. John-
sou's policy, two only, Governor Marvin and
Judge Sharkey, can take the oath of office.
Of the Representatives chosen from the seven
States, live only can take the oath prescribed
by the laws of the country.
By the election of these Governors and Legis-
latures. these Senators and Representatives,
the people of these States have manifested in
the most signal maimer that they are unre-
pentantthough subjugated rebels. Tried, true,
and loyal men are proscribed, hunted down,
put under the ban of public opinion. Can that
policy that has put down the loyal men of the
rebel States and clothed rebels with power pass
unquestioned by a patriotic people or their rep-
resentatives '? The late rebel States are a part
of our common country, within the Union, sub-
ject to the authority of the Government. Their
people are as amenable to the laws of the coun-
try as they were the day they raised the stand-
ard of rebellion. They undertook to break up
the Union and establish a government of their
own; they fought four years to dismember the
Uniou, and they signally and ingloriously failed.
These States arc members of the Union, but
their practical relations with the Government
are not yet completely established. The de-
mand is now made and persistently pressed upon
the country that these States that have defi-
antly chosen unrepentant secessionists shall bo
clothed with political power, that they shall
come into these Chambers without any condi-
tions, qualifications, or reservations. From the
Potomac to the Rio Grande, ninety-live out
of every hundred of the loyal men arc ear-
nestly opposed to this demand. Those loyal
men of the South, wronged, outraged, and
oppressed, are vehemently opposed to that
policy that allows rebels to mark and brand
them for their fidelity io their country. Ten-
nessee, the President's own Stale, is strongly
opposed to this policy which tends to make
treason respectable and loyalty '• odious."
When this presidential policy was inaugu-
rated the nation was comforted with the assur-
ance that it was but an experiment; that if it
failed, the Congress, the representatives of the
people, could correct all errors and mistakes.
Mr. Seward more than once telegraphed that
the final action was in the Congress of the U ni-
ted States; but when Congress met in December
last, when it manifested its intention to inves-
tigate, to examine, to exercisers high powers,
Democratic presses and politicians rained upon
Congress their fiercest maledictions. But Con-
gress, cheered by the potential voice of the peo-
ple, has investigated and examined, and will, I
trust, fearlessly discharge the high duties im-
posed upon it by the needs of the country. Let
Congress promptly submit to the people a con-
stitutional amendment not to pay the debts
incurred in support of the rebellion, not to pay
for four and a half million slaves emancipated,
not to permit one man in the rebel States to
be equal in the Electoral College and in the
House of Representatives to two men in the
loyal States, and to admit any rebel State when
it accepts that amendment, and the people will
sustain theactionof the Thirty-Ninth Congress
and elect another House of Representatives
that will adhere with unwavering fidelity to the
amendment till it shall become a part of the
organic law of the land. Most cheerfully would
I accept the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stkwaet] for impartial suffrage
and universal amnesty; but if f canffot secure
that great measure of justice and mercy, I will
ohcerfully act with friends who have preserved
the unity of the Republic and achieved the
freedom of a race.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, it may be
well now to recur to the origin of this, debate,
for it really seems to have no relation to the
subject-matter at present before the Senate. I
rose yesterday to say to the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that_ I
thought he was in error in every way, polit-
ically as well as morally, in attempting to get
up a quarrel with the President of the United
States, in assailing his motives, in expressing
apprehensions of his future conduct, and par-
ticularly in personally attacking him for two
appointments which he had made. I regretted
the language which the Senator made use of
both toward the President and toward the per-
sons to whom I have just referred. I slated
what that language was ; it was not denied at
that lime, although there was a dubious shake
of the head which mighlhave been taken for a
denial; but I reiterated it, and I reiterate it
again, and I have only to ask in this connec-
tion the candor of the gentleman himself to
confess that he has toned down his speech, and
that the "record" to which he appeals is not
a witness who has not been tampered with on
this occasion.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will give way
I will state that not a single word or line in
reference to the President was touched in the
report. The Senator charged that I had ac-
cused the President of betraying the party.
There is no such word there, nor anything like
it. I was sure of it at the time and I looked
at the report and found that I was correct. If
the Senator will consult the reporter he will
find that he is mistaken.
Mr. COWxlN. I ask the honorable Sena-
tor if ho did not soften the charge against the
marshal of western Pennsylvania recently ap-
pointed ; whether he did not change the word
"penitentiary" to "prisonV"
Mr. WILSON. I did.
Mr. COWAN. That is sufficient for my pur-
pose. I do not wish to enter into anypersonal
controversy with the Senator. He has a right
to do with his speeches as he pleases before
they are sent to the country. I have no com-
plaint whatever to make of that; but I think
it would be well in all cases where a contro-
versy has arisen as to the identical words of a
Senator, he should leave his speech to be pub-
lished according to the notes of the reporter.
If 1 misunderstood the Senator from Massachu-
setts yesterday, I of course was willing to make
any retraction or apology which was necessary
in order to set him right. I thought I did not
misunderstand him, and being positive in my
opinion at that time I asserted that he had
made use of that word which implied treachery
on the part of the President. I say it is enough,
though, that he admits that that speech has
undergone supervision in some of its parts.
There would have been no dispute if the
President had not been attacked yesterday, if
his appointees had not been attacked. It was
that attack which I met, and it was that error,
as I conceived it, which I desired to correct.
But, sir, this is not the first time, it is not the
only time, that these attacks have been made.
It is well known to the country that ever since
the President announced that he was opposed
to the imposition of negro suffrage upon the
southern States, but was willing to leave that
question to the States themselves, there has
been a systematic and eontinuaus warfare upon
him ; and it is upon that question that the party
is divided, if it be divided at all. My honora-
ble friend thinks it is not divided; and as it is
not necessary to speculate on this point just qt
this time, I will simply say that we shall all be
wiser about it after next fall.
What is party fealty, Mr. President? What
is the criterion as to whether a man is a good
party man or as to whether he is a bad party
man ; whether he betrays his party or whether
ho is faithful to it? Is it that he always votes
with the majority upon eveiy question that is
submitted to the Senate? I certainly do not
understand that to bo the rule ; and if it is the
rule, I am free to say I am not a party man
and never can be made one under any circum-
stances, and I think it would be a sorry day for
the country and for the Senate if men were to
become so slavish as to do that thing. If this
is a free country, and if it is to he governed
upon the great principles of liberty of which
we hear so much, thought and opinion must bo
free; men must be as free to dissent as they
are to agree, and as free to agree as they are
to refuse. What, then, does a man agree to
when he belongs to a party? As 1 understand
it, when a national convention meets it estab-
lishes certain principles, and the members of
the party, as gentlemen, agree to stand upon
those principles and abide by them. This is
not positive. A man may change his mind
even upon these principles; and when he does
it. and honestly avows it, he honestly avows
himself out of the party. But as to every other
thing, not embraced in that platform, and as
to all other things to which he never assented,
1 never heard that any gentleman was bound
to lay down his private opinions and yield them
to a' majority. A majority may be right; it
may be oftener right than a minority, but we
have no evidence of it heretofore in the history
of the world.
Now, I think it would not be very difficult
for me to demonstrate that the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, according to the tenor
of his speeches, is to-day a Democrat.. Why?
The last half hour of the speech he has just
made was nothing but a verification of Demo-
cratic predictions. I am a Union man; Ijhavo
always been a Union man; and I was a Unions
man because I had faith in the Union; and I
not only had faith in the Union, but I had faith
in the people of the Union. I not only had
faith in the people of the Union North, but I
had faith in the people of the Union South;
and I have to-day. What was the burden of
the last half hour of the Senator's spccch ? It
was to show that union is impossible. What
were wo told, at the outstart of the war, by the
Democrats? They said, "You are all wrong
io making war; you cannot preserve the Union
by war; you will only widen the breach, and
you will only make it more difficult than ever
to compromise your differences." What was
said by the Union men? They said, "The
southern people are misled by factionists; they
have not had a fair opportunity of determining
in this matter; a large majority of them have
always been in favor of the Union, and always
opposed to its disruption; if they are properly
supported and properly treated, and the fac-
tionists are put down and the conspirators
routed in every direction, the people will come
back to their allegiance if we treat them as we
ought to treat our fellow-citizens and men with
whom we expect to live in union and harmony ;
they will behave very well, and everything will
go on just as it did before."
What was asserted in the Chicago plat-
form of 1864, of which the honorable Senator
complains? That the war was a failure. A
failure in what way? That the war was a
failure because it could not restore the Union.
The men who made the Chicago platform,
I suppose, were just as honest as the honor-
able Senator himself, and I suppose they had
quite as much stake in the Union. This is
another thing, I regret to hear, to have one
half the people made out to be traitors. If I
thought I lived in a community where one
half the people were traitors, or where one
half the people could not be trusted with the
administration of the Government, I would
leave it. What did the men who met at Chi-
cago in 1864 say? They said the war was a
failure. They did not mean to say that it was
a failure because it did not kill anybody, be-
cause it was not full of great battles, beca:i39
it did not cover the earth with blood and slaugh-
ter and desolation. They did not mean to say
that; but they meant to say "Yon cannot rec-
oncile your differences with the southern States
in that way, and so far it is a failure.'" What
did the Union men say? "No; it is not a fail-
