m
APPENDIX TO THE {KWTGKBSSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1ft,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Smith.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
ing the progress of the people of the loyal
States during the rebellion, in almost every
department of material development ^pd social
advancement, having no precedent in history,
and confounding the predictions of all having
little faith in the vitality of free institutions and
the resources of a free people, that of the in-
crease of postal correspondence, as shown by
the postsrl revenues, is not the least interesting
and suggestive. The maximum annual receipts
of this Department previous to the rebellion
from all the States, was $8,518,067 40, whieh
was exceeded in the sum of $6,038,091 30 by
the receipts of the last -year from the loyal
States alone. The revenues during the past
■four years amounted to $46,458,022 97, an
average of $11,614,505 74 per„annum. Com-
pared with -the receipts of the four years im-
mediately preceding, which amounted to $32,-
322,040 (3, the annual average increase of
revenue was $3,533,845 56, whieh has not re-
sulted from any considerable additions to the
service, the ratio of receipts to expenditures
having been larger than, with a few exceptions,
at any previous period.
A proper regard to economy in administra-
tion, aided by larger contributions from all the
States of the Union, will enable the Department
to increase its usefulness from year to year in
all of its legitimate functions. But it must not
be overlooked that theability to fully perform its
mission as the postal agent of the Government is
greatly impaired by the burdens-imposed by the
franking privilege, a«d expensive serviee upon
routes established forotherthan postal purposes,
the receiptsfrom whieh are largely unrcmunera-
tive. Ho-wever much the establishment of these
routes is to be eomm.endedfor national objects,
in which regard they command the approval
of the country, it is not possible to see upon
what principle they are wholly chargeable to
the postal fund, whieh belongs to those by whom
it has been contributed, and is pledged to meet
the wants of the postal service.
The subjoined table illustrates the misappli-
cation of the postal fund:
Routes. Pay,
Sal t Lake City to Fol-
som $385,000
Atchison toSaltLalco 303,000
Kansas CUy to Santa
f 6  35,713
Lincoln to Portland.. 225,001)
Tho Dallas to Salt
Lake    186,000
Receipts.
$23,934 44
6,536 57
24,791 67
of
Excess
pay.
$726,605 56
29,206 43
200,208 33
5,600 77 180,339 23
Total $1,196,743 $60,923 45 $1,1X5,819 55
These are instructive facts, showing how
largely the revenues of this Department are
drawn upon for general objects of administra-
tion not properly chargeable to the postal fund.
If to this be added the revenue which would
accrue upon " free matter,'' charged with ex-
isting rates of postage, less the sum annually
appropriated therefor, it is estimated that not
less than $2,000,000 per annum are lost to the
Department, preventingan enlargementof mail
accommodations to that extent, in those States
from which the postal revenues are mainly
derived.
Respectfully submitted,
WILLIAM DENNISON,
Postmaster General.
The President.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF I-ION-. G. CLAY SMITH,
of kentucky,
Ik the House op Representatives,
January 19, 1866.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union—
Mr. SMITH said:
Mr. Chairman : I am apprised of the interest
felt by the American people upon the subject
of what is known as the "reconstruction of the
States lately in rebellion." It is well that so
much interest is felt, and that the country is
fully alive to a proper settlement of those great
questions upon which so much of our future
peace and prosperity depends. " The price of
liberty is eternal vigilance," was the wise and
instructive sentiment of a great and good man
of the Republic; and our liberties have been
so nearly destroyed of late, requiring so much
blood and treasure to maintain them, it well
becomes us to act with caution, great delibera-
tion, and "make haste slowly." We must,
without crimination and recrimination, reason
with one another-, come to wise and just .con-
clusions, if we can, that the greatest amount of
happiness, freedom, and peace may be secured
in all time to come to the greatest number of
our people. The war is over-; no more are
armed forces marshaling the fields, contending
in mortal combat, and increasing in blacker
shades the sorrow and mourning or our homes ;
no more are we ealled upon to make heavy
drafts upon the country to fill the armies of the
nation; no more to make heavy appropriations
of millions upon millions of dollars to carry on
war. While it lasted, our countrymen rallied
around tlie flag, and were willing to -give all
that the Republic might live; and future his-
tory will record in beautiful and everlasting
words -the sublime conduct of our citizen sol-
diers and our loyal men and women in that
great struggle for liberty and human freedom.
It was awful, severe, and sublimely terrific; tb'e
blood w.as made to grow cold in the veins as
the lightning brought us tidings of the bloody
and .continuous battles of forty days and forty
nights in ilia Wilderness; of Spottsylvania,
Chancellorsville, Gettysburg. Shiloh, Donel-
son, Chickamauga, and a hundred more of
equal desperation. The heart sickened and
many grew weary, but we knew for what we
were fighting, took courage, and went on. We
whipped,, we conquered; and to-day no armed
rebel is in the field—no one to resist the en-
forcement of the law, the integrity or dignity
of the Government.
Our tactics are now to be changed. We have
done all we could with arms ; the law, principle,
justice, and right must command, and we must
obey.
I will be pardoned for making allusion to a
few familiar points so well known to this House
and the country, but they are necessary to my
purpose, and will be important in the process
of my argument.
We denounced secession as a heresy, as un-
warranted by the Constitution, or any idea en-
tertained by those who made it, or assisted in
the organization of the Government.
We believed in and declared the right of co-
ercion ; that is, the right to fight and whip and
bring back to obedience that portion of the in-
surrectionary people of the rebellious States.
We believed that slavery was one of the great,
indeed, the prime cause, of the rebellion, and
^hat we had a right to remove that cause to pre-
vent future irritation and trouble.
We believed that this was intended to be a
free Government, and one Government, with su-
preme and national powers overall its Subjects,
State and individual, and that no small or in-
different portion of the people North or South
had a right to undertake its overthrow or de-
struction. Hence, for this and the other ques-
tions' I have suggested, we went to war.
. If secession was a heresy, and there was no
power under the Constitution for these States
to withdraw from the Union and establish an-
other and independent government, then the
Government had a legal and moral right to do
what I suggested in the second place, to coerce
those who attempted the secession or with-
drawal.
I hold to the position of the President, and
one I have always maintained, thatno Stateis,
or ever has been, out of the Union. It was im-
possible, under the organization and ideas of
the character of this Government, for such a
thing as a withdrawal of States from the Union
as was attempted by the eleven southern Com-
monwealths, to occur, and such an attempt was
madness on their {)art, and could do nothing
else than invite resistance on our part. They
asserted, we denied the principle. A war of
words and ideas for thirty years had been un-
successful as to conclusion upon this subject,
and required a war of four years with arms to
settle it, and it has been settled we hope for-
ever. It has been maintained by the one side
that, secession was wrong, that treason would
be punished, and agreed and submitted to by
the other. '
There is no one, Mr. Cliairman3 who has a
more perfect abhorrence of the crime .of seces-
sion and treason, and the cruelties and wrongs
of those engaged in the late rebellion, than my-
self. I cannot recur to what has passed without
a shudder, and my heart is made to mourn when
I look through the four years just past and bring
to mind what our noble and daring soldiers bore
on the field, in battle, in hospitals and prisons.
My mind wanders through the vast regions of
this country where the clanking of arms was so
lately heard, and I see all around hundreds and
thousands of new-made graves; by each one I
would pause and drop a tear of sorrow and
gratitude, and a prayer for the departed brave,
and the loved ones left behind. I ask, why is
all this misery, woe, and death? And every-
where, "by the side of every grave, in sight of
every prison, in full view of every gallows, and
every place of death, 'the solemn and awful
answer comes back to me, there icasno cause!
It was a cruel, wicked, and unholy war against
the life of the Republic; and justice demands
full and complete retribution, and the Govern-
ment owes it to itself to be true to its departed
patriots, and teach all men of the nation that
treason is a crime and must be punished. I
am not here to defend but to condemn those
who brought on and prosecuted that unholy
war. I am not now, however, called upon to
be judge or juror in the case of any one man,
or number of leading conspirators. It was my
inclination and pleasure, during the war, to
use my best efforts to suppress the rebellion,
and while in Congress to vote for men and
money to vigorously prosecute the war to a suc-
cessful and peaceful termination. But, as 1 re-
marked a moment ago, the war is over; there
is not an armed rebel in all the land; the armies
of the rebellion have surrendered to the arras
of the Union, and we have accomplished what
we undertook to do, the overthrow of the re-
bellion and the prevention of a separate and
independent southern confederacy. The oppo-
sition to the Government was large and power-
ful, composed of the greater proportion of the
people in those eleven States; but, sir, I assert
that there still remained, and are there now. a
large number of good and loyal men who never
of their own free choice abandoned their love
of the Republic, or hated that flag the emblem
of their and our liberties.
I hold to the doctrine that whatever number
of citizens, whether large or small, in any one of
those Slates, or all of them who had never given
in to rebellion, and longed for the appearance
of-the flag of their country, were entitled to,
ought to have had, and. thank God! did, receive
after a long and desperate battle the protection
of the Government, whereby they could reas-
sert their freedom, their social, religious, and
political rights under the Constitution.
These people lived in separate geographical
territories called States, with municipal regu-
lationsconforming, however, in every particular
to the national Constitution and laws; by force
on the part of a portion of the inhabitants of
these States the civil authority of the States
was suspended as they related to or were con-
trolled by the supreme law of the land. This
suspension or interruption of national authority
over these States for four years (during the war)
has led some to the belief that they were out of
the Union, and are out now, and not entitled to
any of the rights of States as such in the Union.
Why, sir, we declared they were in the Union,
and that wo intended to keep them in the Union.
