4M
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Open by the avengingsword of the Lord, sweep-
ing in-fiery circles through its "adder dens"
.and its foul - roosts,, thus filling earth with the
hideous-hubbub of its scampering inmates, and
m> letting in once more the sweet light of the
stars ):>y which a righteous nation walks!—-letus,
1 implore-you, sir—if we would assert ow man-
hood, if-we would be liege to country and hu-
manity, if we would es.cape.the condemnation of
future history—guide our footsteps by the light
of those stars, and- not by the fetid glamour
* of. the dead-lights that hang delusive over the
festering rubbish piles* and cess-pools of the
wrecked iniquity!
gir, if. we think to the bottom of this business
X am solemnly convinced that four general things
will appear essential: first, that the measures
adopted shall give real satisfaction to the loyal
h<3art ofthe country; secondly, that these meas-
ures shall embody the nearest attainable ap-
proach to real justice and humanity, whether
as applied to the North or the South, the white
man or the black, the loyalist or the traitor;
thirdly, that these measures shall be such that
they shall conspire in their future operation to
remove the segregating difference between the
North $nd the South, and thus help us to a
Union of affection in place of a Union of force;
and fourthly, that these measures shall be de-
posited in the highast and most stable forms
which the nature of each will admit of. Any
plan which does not give satisfaction to the loyal
people will be a failure. Any plan which does
not embody substantial justice and humanity to
all will be a failure. Any plan which does not
tend to remove differences, and to brine; North
and South together in better harmony ol' feel-
ing, will be a failure; and above all, and em-
phatically, any plan which does not provide for
its own concretion, through the expressed will
of the nation, in the most permanent and en-
during forms of law, will be, in my judgment,
not only a failure, but, besides that, a short-
sighted and egregious bluuder.
Why, sir, this last must be so from the very
nature of the case. • Hero has been an armed
controversy between the Government and cer-
tain States seeking to overthrow it. The rebel-
lion is suppressed by force, after fighting a hun-
dred bloody battles and loading the people with
an immense debt. As a principle it is admitted
on all hands, upon this side of the floor, that
proper guarantees of security and justice may
be required of the defeated party before admit-
ting them to power again. Now! put the ques-
tion to the unclouded reason of any mind: who
on earth should he the custodian of these guar-
antees—the nation requiring them for its own
security, or the defeated party of whom they
are required? The nation of course; and to say
the offending States should retain custody of
tliem is, in my judgment, the merest, mockery
and nonsense. Neither is the matter helped by
talking about a generous confidence. That., sir,
is Only a begging of" the question, since it is con-
fidence we are seeking to create by taking guar-
antees which will make us feel secure ; and men
do not usually attach much confidence to se-
curities not in their own hands nor subjeet to
their own control, but in the hands and under
the control of the very parties sought to be
bound I To call such a thing a security is to
speak in a sense too decidedly Pickwickian to be
altogether appropriate in the closing np of this
Most serious and tragic business. No, sir, the
loyal nation should take these securities into its
own keeping by placing them in the Constitu-
tion, so far as they will severally admit of it.
I think the measures I have suggested will
go far toward fulfilling the fundamental condi-
tions I have named. Taken together they will
give substantial satisfaction to the loyal people
who have saved the country. Then they are
all just in themselves; just in their bearing on
every class upon which they act. And their joint
influence will be tostimulate the true democratic
life of the country in all its parts, and thus to
narrow the segregating difference between the
North and the South. And in addition to all this
—keeping in view the necessity of being prac-
tical as well as earnest—I am unable to eull
from the whole complex assemblage of elements
before us any other efficient combination of
measures which would be so certain to secure
the triumphant sanction of the country. Let
them be adopted, sir, before readmitting the ex-
rebel States, or either of them, to political power
in the Government, and in my opinion they will
constitute a basis of pacification upon which
the whole country, North and South, will rapidly
coalesceinto one unbroken nationality of feeling,
all loving the common flag of liberty, all con-
tributing to the culture, growth, and grandeur
of the great Republic.
And, sir, another advantage is, that these
measures present no point upon which a prac-
tical difference can arise between the executive
and legislative branches of the Government,
each acting within the limits plainly prescribed
for it by the Constitution. In the first place, the
Executive will of course cheerfully approve all
legislation which may be involved in the guaran-
tee of republican State governments, and needful
and propei- to make real the civil liberty which
has been pledged to the colored people of the
South. And then, as to the four suggested amend-
ments of the Constitution—first, settling seces-
sion ; second, prohibiting payment of the rebel
debt; third, providing a more just basis of rep-
resentation ; and fourth, excluding rebels from
all high offices under this Government—I should
really suppose his Excellency's personal opin-
ion would favor them all; but, however this may
be, nothing can be more certain than it is im-
possible for his Excellency to have any official
opinion on these points, for the reason already
stated, that the Constitution takes 110 notice
whatever of the President in providing for its
own amendment, but leaves that work wholly
and exclusively to Congress and the States. So
that, in the execution of ihc plan suggested,
there is not the slightest legitimate room for
any jarring between different departments of
the Government.
As to the legal relation which the late rebel
States sustain and have sustained to the Govern-
ment, 1 will next present such of my views as I
think have a practical bearingupon powers to lie
resorted to and measures to be adopted. In the
first place, 1 will say emphatically, this Repub-
lic has never been divided. (Irotius, writing of
the cases where national ''jurisdiction and
property cease,"' tells us—
" ft may so fall out that what was before but one
State may bo tlUndrd. either by mutual ({(/rcment or
i)} lorre of arms, us the Peisian emime was under
Alex-audor's successors. When this happens there
will be several sovereignties in the room of one," &c.
This is the exhaustive analysis, sir; a na-
tion may only be divided by peaceable consent,
or by Jorce, internal or external. And this
is the criterion by which we may know the
division has been effected; the emergence of
several sovereignties in the room of one. This
is so plain in itself thai we should have known
it quite as well, though Hugo (irotius had never
lived or written. .Now, has there in fact-been,
at any time, such an emergence of several sover-
eignties in the place of one within the confines
ofthe United States and its Territories? It is
idle to pretend there has. The government Je
facto set up by the revolted States was a bel-
ligerent but not a sovereign power. Tt was
treated as a belligerent by this Government, and
by many if not all the great States of Europe.
And it was indeed a gigantic belligerent. But
neither this Government nor any State 011 earth
ever recognized it as a sovereign power. Every
branch of this Government, executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial, persistently asserted the one
and undivided sovereignty ofthe Republic. We
nmst not confound the power exerted by the de
facto confederate government with sovereign
power. The two things arc totally different in
law. The one cannot be seen as an existing
entity in the family of nations, the other consti-
tutes a member of that family; thus revealing
a difference, when viewed from the stand-point
of public law, as wide as the difference between
that which is and that which is not. So the
revolting States did not for a single moment
succeed in segregating themselves as a sov-
ereign power.
The exact practical condition of the case,
affirmatively stated, appears tome substantially
as follows: the word ''union" involves a com-
plex, and not a simple idea. As applied to the
Territories, this District, the forts, arsenals, and
navy-yards of the Government, all of which are
said to be in the Union, it includes, first, the
sovereign right of eminent domain in the Uni-
ted States over the geographical surfaces of these
several objects; and secondly, the right of sov-
ereignty in the U nited States over all its citi-
zens living on these geographical surfaces. As
applied to the States, the term "union" in-
cludes not only the two ideas that the General
Government has the sovereign right of eminent
domain over their entire geographical surface,
and the sovereign right of jurisdiction over all
its citizens residing 011 that surface, but also the
third idea, that the people of the States, prop-
erly constituted as such, have a right to partici-
pate in the government of the Union, by send-
ing Representatives and Senators to Congress.
Now, be it noted—for the point is vitally im-
portant. if we would really understand this vexed
imbroglio—be it noted, that of those three
cords of relation between the Government on
the one hand, and the whole people and terra
jirma ofthe Union on the other, the first two
are cords ot'obligation to the United States, while
the third is a cord of privilec/e to the States re-
spectively. The right of eminent domain, and
the right, of jurisdiction being cords of obliga-
tion to the United States, were not snapped by
the rebellion. Hut the right to participate in
the government of the Union, being a cord of
privilege to the States respectively, was in-
disputably forfeited and snapped by plunging
into open, flagrant war ugoin.il the Union. This
conclusion cannot be denied without abandon-
ing all reason and all principle—without main-
taining that at the very time rebel cannon were
planted upon the banks of the Potomac, and
rebel legions were thundering at the gates of the
capital, it was the right of robe' emissaries,
masked as legislators of the Union, to step in
here and help finish the work of ruin ! This no
one has been hardy enough and foolish enough
t.o assert. So that this third cord of relation,
this privilege of takingpart in the government
ofthe Union, was demonstrably snapped by the
rebellion. Yet it does not follow that it should
remain always, orcvcnforagrcat while, severed,
but only so long as may be necessary to take
safe securities for the future, or, as 1 have said,
to put the national house in proper order, before
welcoming back those offending communities
to the high privilege of again helping to rule a
country, w liich, after doing their very best, they
have been unable to destroy. The gentleman
from Indiana | Mr. Vooiumus] wishes to know
what clause of the Constitution can be cited jus-
tifying this postponement for guarantees. Why,
sir, you can scarcely go amiss for them. The
clause guarantying a republican government, is
one. The revolting States, as 1 have stated and
proved, having voluntarily severed the cord of
their governing connection with the Union, Con-
gress can, under this clause, look at their ex-
isting organizations, and require them to be
republican in form: in otherwords, require them
to conform to i he Constitution of the Union, be-
fore permitting them to resume their cast-off
governing relation in the Union. What can
possibly bo plainer than this? Again, the power
which authorizes the suppression of an insur-
rection carries with it, by necessaryimplication,
the power to restore and to require a safe civil
order after the insurrection is suppressed. Is
not this intuitively seen to be true ? Again, the
Constitution authorizes Congress to provide for
"the general welfare of the United States;''
and what can be more fatally necessary to that
welfare than the taking of all proper precautions
before again admitting to power those who have
so nearly destroyed the very life of the nation.
This is not all, but it is enough to show con-
clusively, that the requirement of these prelim-
inary securities has as strong a foundation m
