1866.
THE C (jWbrRESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
8449
vote was reserved by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Cook,] is as follows:
Insert the following:
On shoddy-wool manufactured from woven cloth,
five cents per pound.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was r on-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, on which
a separate vote was reserved by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexok,] was as follows:
Strike out " twenty" and insert "fifteen;" so that
the clause will read as follows :
On smokins-tobacco of all kinds, not sweetened,
nor stemmed, nor butted, including that made ol
stems, or in part of stems, and imitations thereof, a
tax of liftoen ecnts per pound.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I hope the amendment
will be concurred in.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
53, noes 40.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. MotUUT.T,
and SriiF.xt'iv were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate on which
g, separate vote was reserved was as follows:
Strike out tlic words "and, in addition, forty per
cent, ad vtlorrm on the value beyond twelve dollars
per thousand, to be assessed on the excess beyond
twelve dollars per thousand: Provided, That any
person who shall offer or exposo for sale any cigars,
cheroots, or cigarettes, whether the articles so oU'ered
or exposed arc imported or arc of foreign or domes-
tic manufacture, shall be deemed the manufacturer
thereof, and shall he suhjcci to all the duties, liabil-
ities, and penalties imposed by law in regard to the
sale ot domestic articles without the n-c. of tho proper
stamp or stamps denoting the duty or tax paid there-
on:" and in lieu theieof insert the following:
Providrd, That upon all imported cigars and che-
roots, but not including cigarettes,an internal revenue
tax shall be levied and collected, in addition to the
duties paid upon importation thereof, of ten dollars
per thousand, and stamps denoting the payment of
such_ tax shall, under sueli rep-ulations as tho Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe, bo
affixed to every box or package of imported cigars or
cheroots bcfoic the same are sold or offered for sale ;
and any cigars or cheroots so imported, which shall
be sold or offered or exposed forsalo without having
stamps affixed, shall be forfeited to the United States,
and the importer of such cigars or cheroots shall be
deemed tho manufacturer thereof, and shall be sub-
ject to all the duties, liabilities, and penalties im-
posed by law upon tho manufacturer of domestic
cigars or cheroots.
The Committee of Ways and Moans recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concnrrcd in.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment of the Senate, on which a separate
vote was asked by Mr. Davis:
Insert the following:
Provided ftu-lhrr. That all such persons, compa-
nies, and corporations shall have the right to add
the tax imposed hereby to their rates ot tare when-
ever their liability theieto ina.v commence; any lim-
itations which may exist by law or hy agreement
with any person or company which may have paid
or be liable to pay such tare to the contrary notwith-
standing.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Are gen-
tlemen considered interested in railroads who
have "free passes," and therefore excluded
from voting on this amendment?
The SPliAKER. Gushing, in his Parlia-
mentary Law, holds that members of Con-
gress are not excluded from voting in regard
to pay, because they are all equally interested ;
and the same rule, the Chair supposes, would
apply in the case suggested by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER stated the next amendment
on which a separate vote was asked was in
reference to the income tax, the Senate redu-
cing the amount exempted from $1,000, as
agreed to by the House, to $000 per annum ;
and that the Committee of Ways and Means
had recommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment on which a separate
vote was asked was as follows:
Insert:
That section sis of tho act of March 3,1865, entitled
"An act to provide internal revenuo to support the
Govern ment, to pay interest on the public debt, ami for
other purposes,'' approved June ot), 1861, be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof tho following: that every na-
tional banking association, State bank, or State bank-
ing association, shall pay a. tax of ten per cent, on tho
amount of notes of any person. State bank, or State
banking association, used for circulation and paid out
by theui after the 1st day of August, I860, and such
tax shall he assessed and paid in such manner as shall
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Iiov-
enue.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stkvkxs] will be allowed to
make an explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 want to move to strike
out " sixty-seven" and insert " sixty-six."
Mr. ELDRIDGE, Mr. IIOTOIIKISS, and
many other members objected, unless all sides
eould be heard.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a Jmint of order.
I understand it to be assumed that if the House
non-concur, that gives the committee of confer-
ence the light toicport recommending a longer
time than is allowed by the Senate's amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The point is not well
taken. No committee of conference has been
ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. T would inquire whether, if
the House concur in the Semite's amendment,
that precludes all action on this subject..
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. ANCOXA. And enforces the ten per
cent, tax after the date designated. *
The SPEAKER. If the House concurs in
the Senate's amendment, it removes the mat-
ter entirely from the consideration of the two
Houses.
'The question being taken on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, it was decided
in the aflinnative—ayes 7"), noes "2>>.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that tho motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on tho molion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The next amendments of the Senate, reserved
on motion of Mr. Mauvtx, were numbers four
hundred and forty-nine and four hundred and
fifty, on page 14(1, line seventeen, in relation to
oil-dressed leather, to strike out the words
"dressed or,'' and after the word " smoked"
at the end of the line to insert the words "or
not oil-dressed."
The committee recommended non-concur-
rence in these amendments.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
The next amendment reserved was num-
ber four hundred and eighty-eight, on page
1 r,7, to strike out all after the word " act," m
line sixteen, down to and including the word
" annum," in line fifty-two, as follows :
And apothecaries shall not be regarded as retail
dealers in liquor in consequence of selling alcohol, or
ot selling or of dispensing. upon physicians' prescrip-
tions, the wines and spirits officinal in the United
States and other national pharmacopoeias, in quan-
tities not exceeding half a pint of either at anyone
time, nor exceeding in aggregate cost value the sum
of s:;00 per annum.
The committee recommended non-concur-
rence in the amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
House concur in this it leaves a similar provis-
ion in the bill elsewhere. I therefore hope the
House will concur in the amendment. The
non-concurrence was recommended hy mis-
take.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, reserved on motion j
of Mr. Ward, wa3 on page 199, in relation to i
tobacco and cigars, to insert in line nineteen,
after the word "court," the following:
And any such officer interested as aforesaid in any
such man ufacturo at the time tli is act takes effect, who
shall tail to divest himself of such interest within
sixty days thereafter, shall bo held and dcelored to
have been so interested after this act takes effect.
Mr. WARD. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to this amendment. I wish to have
an opportunity to be heard upon it before the
committee of conference, and I apprehend that
the chairman will have no objection to the-
House non-concurring in it in order that I may
have that opportunity.
Mr. MORRILL. While I approve of tho
amendment of the Senate I have no objection '
to the gentleman's doing as ho requests.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the
votes upon the various amendments of the
Senate; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the House
insist upon its disagreement with the Senate
amendments, and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to.
RAlMiOAI) FK0M CALIFORNIA TO OIUSCON.
Mr. McRUER. I move that the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad be discharged from the
further consideration of Senate bill No. 123,
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland, oil
the navigable waters of the Columbia river, in
Oregon, and that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved to icconsider the vole
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
'The hitter motion was agreed to.
message from THli senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Fokxjiy, its Secretary, notifyingthe House
that that body had agreed to the amendment
of tho House to Senate joint, resolution No.
110, authorizing the hiring of a building or
buildings for temporary accommodation of the
Department of State, and the amendments of
the House to Senate bill No. 313, to regulate
tho transportation of nitro-glyccrine orglynoin
oil; that it had passed House,bill No. 18, for
the relief of the members of the thirty-seventh
regiment of Iowa volunteer infantry, without
amendment, and House joint resolution No.
123, for the relief of Elizabeth Woodward anrl
George Chorpenning, of Pennsylvania, with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House; and that it
had passed an act (S. No. 3S'_!) to change the
place of holding court in the northern district
of Georgia, in which he was also directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. KASSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty-live iniuutes p. ni.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, (fee., were presented under
the rule and reterred to the a-ppropriato committees:
15y the .SI'KAKKK: The petition of ('. 11. IVstcr,
ol Murti ec^ljoro, North Carolina, asking for protec-
tion irom county taxes levied tor rebel supplies.
By Mr. DKN1SOX : Tho petition of Charles Fuller
Lewis Jones, and others, fiom the city of Scrauton,
^Pennsylvania, asking that Con:;re,-s enact such laws
as will make insurance m the several States uniform
ISy Air. (i Itl.l}Clt: 'flic petition of Major tannic!
Martin, of Glasgow, Kentucky, for iudemnity and
1)^1, J j AWllKN Cfcit of Pennsylvania: A petition
frorti cUi/.cruof WtNtmorokiml county, Pennsylvania
asking Tor an increase of duties on foreign products
which comc in competition with American interests
By Mr. WKLKKll: The memorial of Ala won Pon-
ficld, of Ohio, in relation to tho cotton tax, and the
policy ol tho Government in reference thereto.
