1386L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
telegraph from one county to another to do this
act or that, and the offense is all wiped out by
this law.
Having thus called the attention of this House
to the provisions of this bill, I propose to say
no more. I have not intended to elaborate
them. I expected as a matter of course that
the gentlemen on the opposite side would vote
for the bill or against it on the principle enun-
ciated by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
CoxkivIkg] yesterday, namely, that they would
yote .against everything that we 011 this side
voted for, because they did not want to be found
acting with us. I am not surprised that that
speech does not appear in the Globe, and that
the gentleman proposes to revise it before it
goes to his constituents.
Having said this much, I yield the remainder
of the time to my colleague, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. 1 shall proceed very briefly to
reply to the various points made !>y gentlemen
who have opposed this bill. If I had ever
doubted whether the bill ought, to pass, all such
doubts are entirely removed when I see how
weak are the assaults that able men have been
able to make upon it. Let us look for a moment
at the evil that- is sought to be remedied. In the
State of Kentucky the popular sentiment was
greatly divided during the great rebellion. A
very large number of the citizens of that State,
after exerting their utmost influence to carry
the State into the confederacy, did join the
rebel military organizations. The citizens of
Kentucky were represented both in the Con-
gress of the Union and the rebel congress, and
fought each other on her soil, the one side for
the Union and the other for the confederacy.
It must be-apparent to every une that such a
contest must, have been one of exceeding bit-
terness. All the passion of which our nature
is on pubic was aroused and excited, and a fury
was added to the strife, such as only arises when
a man's foes are those "of his own household
and after the war had continued with varied
success upon Kentucky spil for four years,
and when the rebels were forced 1o submit,
the feelings of bitterness and hate which had
been increasing and becoming intensified dur-
ing the long and deadly strife were neither
eradicated or subdued. In many portions of
the State the majority of the people had sym-
pathized with and given aid and comfort to the
rebellion, and when the actual war was over
the feelings of hatred with which they regard (id
the Union soldiers and officers yet remained.
In the rapid march of the armies, both national
and rebel, across the Slate of Kentucky, it was
necessary that horses should be impressed, that
forage should be gathered, and army supplies
taken wherever they could most readily bo
found. Had not these means been resorted to
at the time Bragg's army invaded that State,
and 011 other similar emergencies, the result
of the contest in that State might have been
greatly ditl'eient from what, it was. Now, the
simple question raised by this bill is, shall the
officers and soldiers who, acting under the au-
thority of their commanding officers, arrested
guerrillas and seized horses and supplies for
the use of the Army, be protected from indi-
vidual responsibility therefor? This bill pro-
poses to protect not the commanding officers
who issued the orders, but the subordinate offi-
cers and soldiers who executed them, and who
were bound to execute them.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hard-
in*:] insists that a soldier is not always bound
to obey military orders ; which means, I sup-
pose, that he may, after the order is given, have
time, given him to reflect and debate upon it,
and then, if in his judgment it is not a proper
order, he may refuse to obey. My opinion is
that 111 time of actual war when the safety of
an entire army depends upon prompt obedience,
that time for discussion and deliberation oil the
part of the private soldier would be very brief.
The question comes back, -will we protect the
men who executed the orders of the Govern-
ment or will we suffer them now to be ruined
because they have stood by the Government in
this crisis ? The entire point of the argument
of the gentleman from Kentucky was that the
State authorities would afford to these men
proper protection. Why, sir, it is palpable that
in some portions of theJState of Kentucky,
where the rebel element preponderated, the
feeling of the majority of the people toward
active Union men who have borne arms in de-
fense of the country is such as would disqualify
them from sitting as jurors in cases affecting
such Union men, especially in cases into which
political questions must necessarily enter. But
the great principle for which I contend is, that
the Government should protect its officers in
executing its laws; to abandon them is wrong
and weak. It is not a question affecting Ken-
tucky only or mainly; when the military control
shall bo withdrawn in every southern State, the
same questions will arise. No Union man who
has served his country can live in those com-
munities unless protected by his Government.
All such suits are promptly disposed of by the
military in those States now. But the magni-
tude of the question may bo understood from the
fact that in Kentucky, where the military cannot
interfere with the courts becausc the State gov-
ernment has not been overthrown by the rebel-
lion, fifteen hundred suits 
Mr. McKEE. Thirty-live hundred suits.
Mr. COOK. The gent,lemon from Kentucky
says thirty-live hundred suits have been brought
against men for acts done under military orders,
and whatever may be said about the duty and
power of the State courts to protect them, it is
simply a fact that they are not protected, and
it is this fact with which we have to deal. It is
not safe to intrust the question whether Union
men shall be protected from punishment for
acts done by authority of the Government to
State courts and juries in those States where
the masses of the people were engaged in re-
bellion. The power is only wanting, not the
will, to punish these Union officers and soldiers
for their action during the war. Shall we give
them the power?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAKER. As my colleague has surren-
dered nearly all his time to gentlemen from
Kentucky, I move his time be extended ton
minutes.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I will not
object to the extension of time if the gentleman
will allow me to introduce a little documentary
evidence and make some little explanation in
regard to it.
Mr. COOK. I would like to have ten min-
utes' further time, but I have no bargains to
make. I withdraw the motion to recommit.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I should like
to introduce some documentary evidence, but
I will not, object to the extension of time asked.
Mr. COOK. The gentleman from Kentucky
says that the proposition is unconstitutional,
and he called upon me for the clause in the
Constitution upon which 1 placed the authority
to pass this bill. I now cite it for the gentle-
man. The eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution provides that Congress shall
hove power to provide for calling out the mi-
litia to execute the laws of tire Union and t,o
suppress insurrection, and section two of arti-
cle three provides that, the judicial power shall
extend to all cases arising under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States.
It was Democratic in 1833 to enact that all
revenue officers and all persons aiding and
assisting them in the execution of the duties
! of their office should be entitled to a trial in
the United States courts when charged with
( injuring citizens of a State in the execution of
j the revenue laws. That law was passed by a
Democratic Congress and approved by Presi-
j dent Jackson. It is exceedingly strange that
| what was constitutional and Democratic then
! should be unconstitutional and anti-Democratic
j now. But says the gentleman from Kentucky
I the law of 1833 related to the collection of the
revenue. But will he seriously contend that it is
constitutional to give the Federal courts jurisdic-
tion to try men for acts done under the revenue
( laws of the United States and unconsti tutional to
I give the Federal courts jurisdiction to try men
for acts done under the laws; which were ex-
acted to suppress the rebellion ? - That question
has been passed upon; the law of 1868 *.gi've&
the jurisdiction. This bill gives no new juris-
diction ; but if it did, the acta of 1833 and 1*863
are both -undeniably constitutional. The won-
der is this, that the question should be raised
by men who claim to be the -representatives
pf the men who enacted the law ot 1833—Jack-
son men condemning one of the-leading meas-
ures of General Jackson's administration. ■■
But it is said that this is an expost facto law.
I always supposed that an ex post facto law was
one that imposed a new punishment for an
offense committed before the passage of the
law, and that it did not apply to remedies, and
that it was clearly competent for the Legislature
to change the remedy in any case, and to take
away the remedy entirely, except in eases where
such repeal of the remedy would impair the
obligation of a contract. This I understand to
bo the law. Bub the question whether this bill
is retroactive does not arise fairly. Upon its face
this act is precisely like the acts of 1833 and
18G3. Both laws provided for cases that had
occurred before as well as for those that should
occur after the passage of the bill. If this bill
is retroactive, those acts are. But this is all
aside from the real question. The act of 1-803
and this act are merely designed to regulate
and define the evidence. It is admitted that
any act done under the authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States in suppressing the
rebellion does not subject any man to personal
liability. This principle is distinctly stated by
the gentleman from Kentucky. Now, this bill
and the act of 1803 only provide that tlje order
of a commanding officer commanding an act to
be done shall be conclusive evidence that the
act was done under the authority of the United
States, a principle as old as the courts. A
writ fair on its face was always a full justifica-
tion to the officer executing it, however im-
providontly issued, and a man should be pro-
tected from personal liability for acts which he
was compelled to perform by military order.
The cases cited by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky of men who had been killed wantonly
and unnecessarily by men who were ordered
simply to make an arrest have no application.
The military order justifies only the act which
is ordered to be done, not. an excess of force. In
the case stated an arrest could be justified, but
not an unnecessary killing.
It is said that this bill greatly extends the act
of 1863. That the order of'the President should
be a justification, but not the order of a com-
manding officer; or, in other words, thatthe gen-
eral who has the order of the President shall
be protected, but, the subaltern or private who
acts and must act under the order of his military
superior shall not be protected. If this be so,
it is wrong. We should afford the same pro-
tection to the subordinate oflieer or the pri-
vate soldier in executing the orders of his com-
manding officer as is given to the general who
is executing the direct order of the President.
Upon what principle of equity is it that we
protect the man who is able io protect himself
and leave thousands of poor liien who have
fought for the Union, and whose property has
been wasted, and whose homes destroyed by
rebels, defenseless in the power of men who are
as much their enemies now as when they stood
opposed in the strife of war?
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman from
Illinois permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COOK. I have no time to answer ques-
tions.
Mr. LE BLOND. I simply wish to call
attention to the ninth Article of War.
>1 r. COOK. But I have no time to respond,
and must hasten with what I desire to say.
Sir. thousands of subaltern officers and private
soldiers who, living in the southern States, have
stood by the old flag executing the military
orders of the Government in hostile commu-
nities, have been prosecuted in the courts, and
are now threatened with punishment iunlei legal
sentence. I repeat., as I said in the outset, that
the only question involved in this bill is whether
