1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2489
«rc; just wait until the war is over and then we
will heal our differences, and we will unite as
before ; everybody will be under the dominion
of the Constitution and the laws." That was
what. Union men said, and it was upon that
theory that the war was conducted.
What then? The war is over; the southern
people submit, and submit to whom? Not to
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, or
to the Senate of the United States, or to the
President of the United States, or to anybody
else. Nobody asked them to do so; they had
no right to do so ; but they submit to the Con-
stitution and the laws. If there is a rebel in
the South to-day you have his neck in your
halter. What more do you want? "Terms"
do you say? What right has an officer of the
law, when a resisting felon yields himself, to
talk to him about "terms?" The felon, the
vilest though ho may be, covered with crimes
of the deepest dye, has a right to say to the
officer, "Who imposes terms? I am under the
law." These men are under the law; they
have come back and done precisely what all
wise and good men, I think, said they would.
They regret their folly. They have suffered
and atoned for it. Talk about punishing! Was
there ever a people so punished on earth before?
I ask Senators in all candor and sincerity, is
there a man on the earth who would be willing
to inflict any further punishment upon the peo-
ple as people? Is it not the law and the rule
of history and of polities that war purges the
people? What man ever attempted, and suc-
ceeded in the attempt, to punish a conquered
people? Nobody. No just man of good sense
ever tried it, and no one ever tried it but what
failed.
Then the rebellion is put down and we at-
tempt to restore the Union. The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts gets up and the
whole burden of his specch here is to prove
that the Union cannot be restored, that the
southern people are just as bad as ever, that
they are just as rebellious as ever, and that, in
faet, the rebellion exists there just the same
as it ever did, except that it is not carrying
muskets, or standing behind cannon, or riding
a trooper's horse. That is the argument. Now,
I ask him wherein that differs from the Chi-
cago platform of 1864. How far is he away
reaily in opinion from his Democratic friends
who were in favor of that platform ? I cannot
see it, I must confess ; and, sir, what is more,
I am unwilling to verify that remarkable pas-
sage in that platform. I did not believe it at
the time it was made; I do not believe it now.
I believe with my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] that the Union will restore, and
that it will restore immediately, and that all
that is necessary to restore it is for a few men
to forget their animosities, to turn their atten-
tion in a charitable direction instead of that of
crimination. If it will not restore, why are we
sitting here ? If it is impossible to reconcile
this difference between the loyal and the rebel-
lious States, if it is impossible that the hearts
of these people can ever come into union with
us, what do we expect to come from it? Hold
them as vassals, as conquered people? What
benefit shall we derive from that, and how long
will you hold them? You will hold tljpm pre-
cisely as long as you have force to hold them
and no longer. It is certainly not to be ex-
pected that men of our race would submit to
any domination of any kind imposed upon
them longer than that.
Mr. President, the doctrine that the rebel
States are in that condition, that their people
are in that condition, is disunionism; instead
of reconstruction it is obstruction—I believe
that was the word used by the Senator from
Wisconsin. Impregnate the people with that
idea, satisfy them of its truth, and the Union
is gone beyond a peradventure, because gen-
tlemen will remember that a Union is not a
thing of force, a Union is not a thing to be
imposed upon a people. A Union imposed
upon a people is called by another name; it is
a yoke, and that yoke will be thrown off when-
ever the first and fitting opportunity occurs;
and any speech, any utterance made with the
intent of establishing that fact to-day is dis-
union, and it is of the same kind with and will
have the same result as those speeches had
and were intended to have at the outstart of
the rebellion, in which we were told, "Union
is impossible; you cannot restore it by war."
It is in the same spirit and will be followed by
the same result as the declaration of the Chi-
cago platform of 18C4 that the war was a failure.
Mr. President, as I stated before, this dis-
cussion arose upon the question whether the
President of the United States had been true
to his party fealty. I asserted yesterday that
he had been, and I defied any gentleman to
put his finger upon any part or parcel of the
Chicago or Baltimore platforms of 18G0 and
1864 respectively, the published platforms of
the party, to which he had not adhered liter-
ally and distinctly, and I say that he is stand-
ing there upon them to-day, and I defy contra-
diction. To make the matter short, I have to
say to the honorable Senator who boasts about
the popularity of his wing- of the party, and
about the strength he has with the people, that
he durst not now avow his principles, and ho
approached them very cavalierly even after he
was obliged in this present speech to allude to
them. What arc they? Does he believe those
States are in the Union or out of the Union?
Are they States or are they not States ? Are
their people our vassals, or arc they people hav-
ing the same rights that we have under the Con-
stitution and the laws, subject to such punish-
ments as the laws inflict upon them? Is ho in
favor of negro suffrage, or1' impartial suffrage,''
as he calls it? If so, I should like to meet him in
Pennsylvania where he has been talking to
such multitudes upon that subject. I will
promise him a good reception there, and as
handsome entertainment as a Pennsylvania
landlord can serve for the occasion ; and they
are famous for having good things to eat and
good places to stay at. Let that be avowed.
I have no quarrel with one who believes in
universal negro suffrage; but announce it,
avow it, put it in your platform, and let us dis-
cuss it.
Mr. SUMNER. I am for it.
Mr. COWAN. The other Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is for it, and he has
said so. lie avows it. I have the highest re-
spect for him and his principles, and no diffi-
culty whatever about them. But put it into
your platform. The President says that ques-
tion belongs to the States. Does it? Is it
solely within the province of a free State to
determine who shall be the depositaries of
political power within that State? If it is, the
President is right. If, however, the other
States under this Confederacy and the powers
which they enjoy under the Constitution have
a right to amend it so as to take away from
free States that power, then avow that, and put
it down and make it your platform and stand
upon it. I have a right then, if I choose, to get
upon it, I suppose, but you have no right if I
do not get upon it, to say that I have abandoned
any previous platform. Nobody has a right to
say that I have not been faithful to my party
obligations because I do not happen to vote
with the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] and his friends. .
Now, I will say further to that Senator that
I was a member of the Republican party, the
party that adopted the Chicago platform of 18G0,
the party that denounced John Brown for his
raid into Virginia. The honorable Senator and
his set as I call them—because I really think
they never had a party, they never amounted
to more than an abolition society—the people
who entertained the views and insisted upon the
doctrines which he says now ought to be the
doctrines of the American people, and perhaps
it may be so, had no part or lot, with their
extraordinary schemes and measures, in the
Chicago platform of 18G0. I ask in all candor,
suppose somebody at that time had mentioned
in that platform, or could have got a plank
inserted in it, that the Republican party were
in favor of negro suffrage, where would the
honorable Senator have been with his tremen-
dous majority to-day that he talks about? Put
it in your platform in the coming election, and
I can show whore he will bo after the next
election in Pennsylvania. I do not profess to
know anything about Massachusetts, and indeed
T do not profess to care a great deal. She is
of great importance when newspapers are to be
printed and speeches are to be made; but, when
the votes come to be counted she is not of so
much importance, and almost anybody can tell
a long while before hand what she is going to
do upon any question. Tier people have a very
large margin within which to display them-
selves. If there is a hundred thousand major-
ity in favor of the Republican platform as
announced by her representatives, there is
plenty of room for a diminution without much
danger.
Sir. SUMNER. She is a sure State.
Mr. COWAN. She is a sure State, but we
have a much narrower plank to travel on in
Pennsylvania. Our people are divided in opin-
ion there; they do not all go one way. We have
half a million voters, and I suppose that eight
or ten thousand men will turn the scale one way
or the other.
Mr. SUMNER. We are outspoken in Massa-
chusetts. If you adopted Massachusetts ideas
perhaps you would have the same majority.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know about that.
We have been entertaining Massachusetts ideas
for a very long while, and I must confess that
they have never attained to any very \varm re-
ception there. Massachusetts is supposed, on
the part of the Teutonic tribes who inhabit the
State from which I come, to be somewhat vaga-
rious in Iter political notions, somewhat vision-
ary. I suppose they have not yet forgotten the
time when you cut off the ears of our Quakers
for going up there and trying to propagate their
notions among you. It may be that that still
sticks in the minds of our people. I do not
know why it is, but they have not very high
regard for the politics of Massachusetts, nor, I
jnay say, for its poetry, either, in Hiawatha.
But to come back; I am taken to task for the
votes which I gave during the war. I want sim-
ply to state a lew of the things which guided
mo during the war. In the first place, we were
in the war, and I was utterly and totally opposed
to any discussion of the causes of the war; I
was utterly and totally opposed to the discus-
sion of any of the issues which had divided the
people of the North in the past; and above all
I thought it was of the utmost importance for
every patriotic man to avoid giving offense to
the Democratic party, constituting as it did
about one half of the people. I was, more-
over, opposed to every measure, no matter by
whom ■concocted, that was calculated in any
way, either directly or indirectly, proximately
or remotely, to revive any dissensions between
the Republican party and the Democratic party
during the war. And who did revive them?
If the Democratic party stands before the coun-
try to-day a great party, almost equal to yours,
by virtue of whose schemes does it stand there?
By virtue of whose projects ? Upon what meat
did it feed? I can tell the honorable Senator;
it fed upon the measures, and the very meas-
ures, which he blames me for opposing. About
the very first item of grand political capital
■which was given to the Democrats of thfl North
was the confiscation bill. Was Mr. Lincoln in
favor of that? Was that a measure of his? I
opposed it.
Mr. CRESWELL. Let me ask the Senator
if Mr. Johnson did not advocate a very general (
confiscation bill in some of his public speeches
in Tennessee.
Mr. COWAN. I cannot tell anything about
that. I was not talking about him in this con-
nection.
Mr. CRESWELL. The gentleman will find
that to be the ease.
Mr. COWAN. That may be—
Mr. CRESWELL. Especially in the speech
in which he accepted his nomination.
Mr. COWAN. The question is not what Mr.
J olmson did twenty years ago, or five years
