3450
THE CONTtRESSIONA]
JOBE.
June 28,
IN" SENATE.
Thtosday, 'June 28, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. NBSMITH presented the petition of
Mrs. Catharine E. Whitall, widow of the late
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel John A. Whitall,
United States Army, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. FESSENDENT presented the memorial
of Campbell & Thayer, and other manufac-
turers of linseed oil, remonstrating against an
increase of the tariff on foreign linseed ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADB. I present a petition very nu-
merously signed by citizens of Ohio, praying
the Senate and House of Representatives, in
the discharge of their duty, to watch over and
jjromote the interests of the people, to avert
from them and their wives and children the
misfortunes with which they are threatened,
by amending the tariff so as to protect their
labor to the extent of the difference of the cost
of capital and labor here and abroad, with the
addition of the taxes paid by American indus-
trial products, from which the foreign are free.
The petition is in favor of a high protective
tariff', in which opinion I very strongly coin-
cide, and I move that the petition be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I have another petition, which
I present, from Mrs. C. S. Wilson, who repre-
sents that she nursed and took care of our
prisoners at Andersonville and other prisons
until she lost her health; and her property
was all seized by the rebels. She is strongly
recommended by General Sherman and other
general officers. She prays for compensation
for expenses incurred and services rendered
by her. As there is a like petition now pend-
ing before the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, I move that this be referred
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Mrs. Eliza II. Barnwell, wife of James L. Barn-
well, praying that she may be allowed to pay
the taxes, with accrued interest and costs, on
property situated at Beaufort, South Carolina,
which was sold by order of the United States
Government for non-payment of taxes, and that
the property may be conveyed to her; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the memorial
of C. C. Washburne, of La Crosse, Wisconsin,
remonstrafingagainst the construction of a rail-
road bridge across the Mississippi river from
Winona, in Minnesota, to a point opposite in
Wisconsin ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
reports of committees.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of W. B. Jvelley, late a second lieutenant in
company F. first regiment Kentucky cavalry,
praying for a pension, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 398) for the relief
of W. B. Kelley. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 557) to quiet the title to certain lands
within the corporate limits of the city of Beni-
cia, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. POMEItOY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 341) amendatory of the preemptn i laws,
and for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 244) granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
the city of Stockton to the town of Copper- !
opolis, in the State of California, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
two memorials of citizens of Iowa, praying for
the enactment of a general law regulating the
bridging of the Mississippi river and making
provision therein that neither railroad nor
water traffic shall be impeded or impaired,
have instructed me to report them back and
ask to be discharged from their further con-
sideration, as that matter has been the subject
of legislation.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 087) making appropriations' for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th of June, 1867, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. CRESWELL, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 82) to provide for codifying
the laws relating to the customs, reported it
with amendments.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 115) respecting the payment
of interest upon the war debts due the loyal
States; which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CRESWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 116) to make compensa-
tion for damages to property held for religious
and charitable purposes within loyal States,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
compensation of committee clerks.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer the following res-
olution :
Jicmh'ed, That the annual compensation of the
clerks of the Committees on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and District of Columbia, shall hcreattor be
the same as that of the clerks of the Committees on
Finance, Printing, and Claims, commencing July 1,
1806.
I offer this resolution to secure the contin-
uance of two very valuable clerks. Unless this
resolution shall be passed their services will
not be obtained for the committees next year.
It is indispensable for the carrying on of the
work of those committees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island ask for the present
consideration of the resolution?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
at this time. Is there any objection?
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to its
being considered, if it is to be referred to the
committee that was raised at the instance of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] the other
day, to take into consideration the subject of
the compensation of the officers of the Senate.
If that committee choose to decide that these
persons shall be paid the same as the other
committee clerks named in the resolution, then
it will be proper for us to act upon it, I sup-
pose ; but it seems to me rather invidious to
select out one or two clerks here and say that
they have peculiar responsibilities resting upon
them and not specify others.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is not my intention to
move the reference of the resolution to that
committee.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I object to its consid-
eration to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the resolution, it must lie over
under the rule.
appointments in the civil service.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law for such a reorganization of the civil
service, and especially of the Post Office, Treasury,
and Interior Departments, as shall secure appoint-
ments to the same after previous examination by
proper boards; as shall provide for promotions on
the score of merit or seniority, and authorize dismis-
sal under the safeguards of trial or resignation; us
shall officer each branch of the service -with well-
trained experts in the details of its business; and as
shall assimilate them all more nearly to those condi-
tions and regulations which govern the enlistment
a,nd officering of the Army and Navy of the United
States, and which have successfully precluded the
latter from being used as reservoirs of political
patronage or ordinary appliances of party power.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. BROWN. • Yes, sir, with a view to its
reference.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. The substance of this reso-
lution is an attempt to conform the civil ser-
vice, in many of its details of appointment and
of dismissal, to the regulations and conditions
which govern the military service of the coun-
try. I cannot hope, at this late stage of the
session, to get any definite or final action on
the subject. It is one of such a large charac-
ter, and will necessarily involve so much con-
sideration, that all I can hope, at the present
time, is to bring it to the attention of the dis-
tinguished gentlemen who compose the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and invite for it their
consideration. I will say further, however,
that I had been engaged in the pieparation of
bills covering the objects specified in this res-
olution with the design of bringing them before
the Senate at this session; but absence and
sickness have interfered so largely with my
ability to prepare them that I have not been
able to complete them. I did not think it
right, however, to let the whole subject go by
without taking some notice of it, and without
stating that is my design, if I am spared, to
present the subject in a more tangible form at
the next session of Congress.
I believe, sir, that the great danger of this
Government—one that probably threatens its
life within the next ten or fifteen years—con-
sists in the use of the public patronage for
party purposes. I believe, furthermore, that
no party is benefited by that public patronage
any more than is any Government of Europe
benefited by its standing army. If there were
a general disarmament of parties here of this
great force of public patronage it would go fur-
ther to give our Government character, to
defend it from corruption, and to insure its
perpetuity, than all other legislation within the
scope of my conception at this moment.
I believe, sir, it is perfectly feasible. We all
know, and we all have seen, that there are two
great branches of the public service—the Army
and the Navy—which derive their appoint-
ments from the same source, which are sub-
jected to the same revisal here as the other
branches of the public service ; and yet they,
by the necessities of the case and the gravity
of events involved in connection with them,
have been kept free from this sinister and
debasing influence. The Army of the United
States and the Navy of the United States,
to-day embracing large numbers of appointees,
are not political appliances within the mean-
ing of the term. I see no reason why the same
safeguards and conditions may not be thrown
around the public service in other departments,
and I believe that the gravity which begins to
gather around our financial department—our
Treasury Department—the gathering in of five
hundred millions of revenue a year and its dis-
bursement throughout the country, requires
that that shall be put on a more stringent foot-
ing as to the great purpose of requiring that
public functionaries shall do the public ser-
vice, and that alone.
However, sir, I did not intend to be drawn
into anj7 extended remarks, this morning, on
the subject. I simply desired to have it re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary,.for
the sake of bringing the matter 'to attention
