466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
will serve their purposes in repealing all,restraints
upon tliem. The moral power of a vast maj ority over
a small minority is illustrated in the present Legis-
lature. The entire body was selected by a Joyal btate
convention, and clccted under a military proclama-
tion, by general ticket, without opposition. Most ox
them had been exiles and sufferers during the war.
All of them were of the most determined character
of original Union men. They were tried and true,
yet they have yielded to the approaches and bland-
ishments o 1 the wealthy rebels and the dread of of-
fending constituents. One by one they go over or
resign, until there is a bare majority left. There will
always be a firm and resolute majority in East Ten-
nessee; but they will bo bound hand and foot by the
other two divisions of the State. While it is impos-
sible that loyalists should feel kindly toward a people
who hung, shot, and imprisoned them or their friends,
robbed them and burned their houses, and hunted
them like wild beasts in the mountains as conscripts,
the late rebels hate the Unionists with a most bitter
and implacable hatred. They brand Iheiu with such
epithets as " Tory,5 "kLineolmte%" and "Abolitionist.
They charge them with deserting the South in its
struggle lor liberty, This hatred is intensified by set-
ting up a State government by the minority^ by the
attempt to disfranchise them; bv appointing,the
judiciary and all the other oilieers of tLie State h-oui
the minority, and by the presence, like AXurdi-cai,_of
the despised ne^ro. In all the county arid district
elections it a loyalist dares to bo a candidate, he is
beaten. And, worst of all, in manv localities this in-
tense. mortal hatred finds its way into the jury box,
and in spite of loyal judges and attornevs general,,
the miserable 4,Lincolnile" fails to obtain justice, il
a negro is put upon his trial in many localities it
amounts to a conviction, and the maximum penaltv
allowed by law. 'Che pardoning power m the lo\at
Uovernor is his only protection, in the churches, loo,
this malignity is displayed. The rebel chaplain has
his overflowing eongregatioii, and to have been a
guerrilla is no disparagement to the minister of Cbn^t.
Kvcu Masomy has not been able to preserve its
boasted harmony* bur, i.- thrown into ilm-onl.
There ."re live rebel daily papeis at Memphis and
four at Nashville, ail well sustained. Repeated ei-
fort-s have been made to stai t a. I'nion^papt r at .Mem-
phis, hut in vain. There are two at Nashville. One
lives by having m pan the public printing, and the
Other by trimming. TIhno rebel papeis abuse and
denounce tn the most "violent manner every otliccr
in the State government who dares to oppose them.
"When an olhoeris appointed, sometimes they tiy to
win him, but geiicially.they open their batterns at
onee.
This picture is not exaggerated; and yet the shrewd-
est man im^lit pass throuuh the State over and, over
again and see but little of it unices ho made it his i
study. I
In view of what 1 have haul it is notdiilieult to an- j
swer yom nuestiou^.
The nevl. Legislature will be two thirds rebel in
each House. They will oppress the Union men in
every way they chirr. And Kast Teunessee will make
an etlort for a separate <u-fcam/:ilion.
Two Union men imd si.v i chrls will he elected to tho
next Congress. Tho present lo>"i 1 ileleg.it ion owe-; its
to the ptescn'-e uf ihe mihtai > and the partial
execution of tho snllnuu' hnv--and to
A black code will be adopted; the object u ill be to
give tho n euro as In t h; hbei iv as po-xibh'. They will
go a? far as dit-v < '<n >•. Teuehei -■ li-otn I lie N oi t li en-
gaged i n teach ing uejiroe.-. v\ oiild not be admit ted into
Society, and in many places be di i\ en away.
A l ebel j udh iai y will be elect' d and much that has
been done by tho present! oj a! Mai e govei nmen twill
be declared void. Yiotcuee to Union men during the
war will go unpunished, the government of tlie con-
federacy set u p as a ^ovta unient, and its laws
of conscription, confiscation, impressment, &0., held
valid ior the time.
The^e ai e cun^etiuenees almost certain to follow the
abandonment of thHoyal p<'opleby tbeiJeneralthn-
ernment. Indeed, if t he militai v was v/il hdrawu now,
the Legislature <. onid not leasscmble, noi would (he
Governor, or any loyal Govei nor, be ^ite for a snurle
day. Thev Would have to ictne into i^astTennessee.
1 hope 3 on will pardon t be length of t his paper, but
I could not w<'j] Niy .luviiiin,',' iiiid mv !e->, I know
not how i!ieGovernor\\ ill ate vver \ oiu q.u^tion-', but
what L have said i< the i esuli oi Ion<4: and painful 1 •-
ikvtion upon the iacH I have ob*-eiA ed.
1 am, toil, nio;t re.-']H:eUi:lly, >our obedient, servant,
KLKTCilEIt.
Hon. J. Bvkkr, M. 0., Wtfilunpton.
Sir, 1 place these documents be fore this House
ami before the country. Aside from the high
and responsible source* from which they come,
they hea1' upon their face every mark of being
inherently true and well considered. Those
able and patriotic gentlemen. long resident of
Tennessee, lilliug two of her highest olhces. and
largely acquainted with her people. ought to
know something of her real condition to-dav.
And the condition thev disclose K in my opin-
ion, totally im ompatiblo with nnv valid claim
to present resumption of representation in lids
GuvcTmuein. Governor Brownlow gi\ es 11 as
hi* opinion, ''that if die military forces were
all "withdrawn from Tennessee the, Legislature
would be dispersed by a rebel moband Mr.
Fletchei says, uif the military was withdrawn
bow, the Legislature could not reassemble, nor
would the Governor j or any loyal Governor, be
safe for a single day; they would have to retire j
into East Tennessee.5' What reliable present ;
bottom is there in such a state of things? 4 * I11 i
two eases out of every three the school-houses :
would be burned and the teachers rode on a rail.'' J
We do not want to sit down again 011 that sort of i
liberty,sir! Wehavehaclquiteenoughofitinthe 1
past. £t There are about forty thousand Union !
voters in the Stateagainstone hundredlhousand j
whose sympathies are with ' a just but lost cause.' j
These latter will form a compact party in the ]
State; held together by hatred for those whom
they have branded as Tories for deserting the
South in her extremity : by a determination to ;
keep the negro in a condition as near to slavery j
as possible, and probably by a desire to keep 1
the South united with a view to ulterior designs.1' ;
"The next Legislature will be two thirds rebel |
in each House. They will oppress Union men i
in every way they daie." "A black code will be (
adopted ; the object will be to give the negro j
as tittle liberty as possible.''The present j
loyal delegation owes its success to the pres- j
enee of the military and to the partial execution jj
of the suffrage law.1' £iTwo Union men and !;
six rebels will be elected to the next Congress[■
k'some such man as General Forrest will be j
elected Governor," and so forth and so fuith,
summing up in the whole a state of things which j
shows, in my judgment, the want of proper un- j
derpinuing to safely rest present represent:!- ]
tion on. "And yet.,'1 savs Mr. Fletcher, "the !
shrewdest man might pass through tLie State j
ovorandoveragaiuand see but little ol itand .
still less, I suppose, if 1m went through by rail, I
making short calls, and wearing upon each
shoulder a triplet ol stars putting everybody 011
their good beluu ior!
Sir, let us act from no personal considerations
and be governed by 110 surface \ieus. Let us !
rise to the height uf this great argument, both ;
by intellectual conception and by puictieal ex- 1
eviition. We do not want, a reconstruction, I
'•deformed, uulinMied," "'scarce hali made
up." and *k sent before its time'' to curse instead
of blessing the eountiy ! After the close of our
| seven j ears' Revolution, it took eight years to
i span the chasm to the now order and adopt ihe
| present Constitution Why shall we not now
; have a hit'io hiatus of eighteen or t\\ent\-four
months between the suppression of this tre-
mendous rebellion and that deiimfc Ci\ il Order
upon which the Republic is to be launched ior
the long future? That groat amendment abol-
ishing slavery has traversed in ten monl hs" time
three fourths of the Legislatives and consti-
tuted bodies of the States. In like time, it may
be, the additional constitutional guarantees we
need can receive n like sanction.
Then, sir, we shall have built, our house upon
a rock, and not upon moving quicksand. Then
the blood that has tlowed and the hearts that
have broken and died in this terrible war for lib-
erty and nationality shall come forth from the
| ground and I he gtave and bless the hand of t he
j builder! Oh. 1 wain you, sir, f warn you. that
1 win 11 eonservjri\es make haste liberty is in
I danger! il is for a purpose, and to the cost of
i humanity, that they seek to violate the fixed
■ maxims of then* conduct and the ingrained prin-
1 ciplos of theii hie. When lighting against the
j birth of new liberties—as they so strangely love
| to light: when holding back t lie hand that would
! lift a burden from the quivering heart of the
| downtrodden poor—as they so cruelly love to
; hold—the) are fond of telling us after Linna-u^,
i "There are no leaps in nature:"1 and after
"Bacon, "Time is the great innovator, but he
ji innovaleih slowly." But now. when a very
! little tune is needed to concrete the frmls of
; this great struggle—io ripen the blood of the
;■ mart} red dead into a sure and everlasting heri-
'■ tageot hbcrh to all theptoph—[he eagle ha-t-
!, one lit not more swiftly U) his pre v. than do these
| --ame conservatives to dash this iaitvM pulped
..that Heaven has ever v<.uehe>;od to man on
eat'ih! Ah. ''Md! if we do but let i hem do it!
' Men of the North! men of the North! stand
firm till this saeied finishing duty shall be per-
f foimed ! Shoulder to shoulder, and shield 10
ii shield, letthewholegrandeolumaofLibertyand
Union march on, until the results of this great
war, so dearly earned by the mighty agony of the
Nation's bleeding heart, shall be gathered up
and made secure forever! And he that falters
now—though his plume may have shown in the
forefront of the fight, and his voice rallied the
clans of liberty in other days—for him let tho
portion be, "lehabod! Ichabod! thy glory is
departed I"
Mr. BUOOMALL. Mr. Chairman, the great
political problem of the day, the problem on
the right solution of which will depend the well-
being of our country for ages is, what shall we
do with the people lately in lebellion? The
embarrassments which attend this question are
not all embraced within its language, since one
of the most serious of them is, who shall decide
it; whether Congress, the courts, or the Exec-
utive, or some or all of them ?
If there arc no rights to be conferred, if the
whole matter depends upon the existing rights
of these people, then certainly Congress has
nothing to do with it. The mere deciding upon
the legality oft he elections of claimants to seats,
so far fiom being the sohing of the great prob-
lem. is indeed no part of it. if. 011 the other
hand, the business is nut the mere ascertain-
ment of rights, but the creating and conferring
of them ; and especially if there are 110 existing
rights that interfere with such solution of tho
question as will be for the best interests of tho
rebels as well as ourselves, then the question is
to be answered and the remedy applied, not
by the Executive, not by the courts, but by the
law-making power of the Government. 1 pro-
pose, theicfore, to consider what is the legal
slatw* of these people, and whether they have
any rights which will prevent our treating the
question as one solely of policy.
If the late dUturbjnce of the public peace
was mere insuneetion, now suppressed, it is
clear that the lights of the people of the South
as a people arc in no way aftecU d by t he result,
ami the whole business consists in ascertaining
these riuht® and remitting the respective south-
ern communities to them. i ut to call that in-
surrection that resisted the military forces ot
the country for four years with success; that
destroyed the lives of half a million of its citi-
zens and brought mourning to one sixth of oil
the homes in the land: that cost on both sides
x\\ ice tho national debt of England, the product
of a century of gigantic wars : that seized and
held by force half the domain of the country;
that swept our commciee from tho ocean and
had its llag respected, not only in Joreig-nports,
but in the court< of our own country; and that
was only suppressed by a series of military
achievements such as the world never saw : to
call that insurrection is a strange abuse of lan-
guage. No! the conflict was war, tenibie,
bloody war, in which the defeated resisted to
the last with a valor that commanded the won-
der of the world, and then surrendered without
conditions. The impiiry now h. what are the
legal { onsequence j of such a struggle with such
a termination ?
If the States were sovereign, they had the right
to make war and accept its consequences: and
! a sovereign State vanqui.slu d in war ceases to
1; exist, or exists only at the will of the conqueror,
j, The advocates of the old theory of State sov-
II ereignty, therefore, can set up no claim for the
vanquished to interfere with our considering
!' the question as one of policy, unembarrassed
ji by the rights of defeated rebels.
But assume the opposite hypothesis, that the
I State* are component parts of a single sover-
'i eignty. resembling counties, cities, and other
j such municipalities, how does this alter tho
result? Because they had less rights than sov-
' ereignty belore the war shall we concede tliem
greater 1 iglits than those of vamjii'shcd sovei-
■ eigntv now? Because they inaugurated war
' wrongfully and traitorously, not heiog^ sover-
eign, is this crime to be accounted in their lavor
in the construction of their surviving ri'-dits .
In this point of view, die conflict wu-> civil
e war. differing from international war only m
,j the fact that in the former one of the belhger-
e ents claims, has exercised, and is trying to en-
