1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
force sovereign rights over the other. A logical
consequence of this condition of things is that
if the claimant of sovereign rights be the victor,
it may elect to treat the vanquished either as trai-
tors or prisoners of war. It may enforce upon
them either the civil law or the rights of eon-
quest. The vanquished, having foiled to throw
off their allegiance, cannot deny being citizens
to avoid the punishment of treason. Oil the
other hand, having forsworn their allegiance,
having set up an independent government and
waged war as a nation, they are estopped from
pleading the rights of citizenship to defeat the
rights of conquest. All this is in accordance
with common reason, ft is fully sustained by
writers 011 the law of nations, and is laid down
as applicable to the late rebellion by the Su-
preme Court, in the prize cases.
In one of these points of view, therefore, the
rehel States are destroyed, and in the other it
is for the Government to elect whether they
are or not. In either ease there are 110 rights
of the vanquished to embarrass our action, to
prevent our reviving the old State governments,
creating new ones, or keeping the conquered
country in a state similar to that of Territories,
according as one or another of these measures
may best subserve the interests of the whole
country.
But it is said that States cannot rebel, that
the late war was waged by individuals only, and
therefore that the States have beeu in 110 way
affected by its progress or termination. This
is strange argument from the lips of those who
believe in the sovereignty of the States, since
one essential element of sovereignty is the
power to make war. But without this attribute
why cannot .States rebel? Why may they not
inaugurate civil war ? To make war, combi-
nations of men are necessary, quasi corpora-
tions for belligerent purposes. One man can-
not make war; tenlhonsand cannot, actingwith
out concert. The organized body that wages
war may be one formed for the purpose, or it
may be a preexisting one formed for some other
purpose and wrongfully or rightfully perverted.
If the organized body that wages war is the
State, if the State employs soldiers and pays
them, appoints and commissions officers, pro-
vides arms and munitions of war, establishes
courts-martial, and if with all this war really
exists, can it be said that the State does not
make war? If the war is civil war, beginning
on that side by rebellion, can it be said that
the State does not rebel?
I can well understand thai a rebellion may
exist without being participated in by a State.
If the combination of men that wages war is
not the combination that forms the State, as in
tho cases of the Dorr rebellion and the whisky
insurrection, then the State is not in rebellion.
But if the Governor of Pennsylvania, the Legis-
lature, the courts, the entire municipal machin-
ery, had been turned over to the purposes of the
whisky insurrection, history would have truly
said that the State of Pennsylvania rebelled.
Now. what State of the entire eleven not now
represented m the Government oi the country
did not turn its entire organization over to the
purposes of the late rebellion? What Govern-
ors, what legislators, the judges of what courts,
did not unite in the blasphemous oath to sub-
vert the Government of their country? \\ hat
functions of government, executive, legislative,
or judicial, in any of those States were noticed
for the single purpose of waging war against
the I'mled States?
Some hypercritical Democrat may say that
the States as States did not wage war, but that
the war was waged by that combination known,
while it existed, asthe confederate Statcs._ The
answer is. that the eleven States constituted
that combination, operated through that com-
bination, did everything that combination did.
and that, when thocombi nation waged war, each
State, each constituent part oi if, waged war.
All organized body 01 men carried 011 war
attainst the Government of the United States
for four years. That organizedliodv was^ com-
posed of "eleven smaller organized bodies. These
occupied districts of country bounded by State
lines. They had eleven Governors, eleven Legis-
latures, eleven supreme or superior courts, aud
each of them had its State, county, and town-
ship officers, performing respectively all the
functions of such officers iu an organized State;
and every one of these officers, from the Gov-
ernor down to the overseer of highways, was
active in the combination that waged war.
During all this time what were the Statesdoing?
Common sense would say, waging war.
These eleven States combined, therefore, on
the one hand, and the G overnment of the coun-
try 011 the other, have been for four years en-
gaged in war; civil war, certainly, but. not the
less Avar on that account. Now, war can ter-
minate only by treaty, by cessation of hostili-
ties, or by one of the combatants conquering
the other. How did the recent war terminate?
Not, certainly, by treaty. The northern allies
of the southern enemy failed to bring that
aboui. Doubtless the rebels and their political
friends would like the theory of a drawn battle.
That is the only hypothesis upon which their
claim to equal participation in the Government
of the country with the successful belligerent
can be b?sed. But the facts will not warrant
this hypothesis. It is hardly consistent with the
acceptance of pardons from the Executive, and
the incessant begging at the doers of Congress
for admission to seats so scornfully abandoned
five years ago. The only remaining altemalh e
is that of conquest, aud history will find little
difficulty in determining on which side that oc-
cnired, though it seems here sometimes to be
an open question.
In short, from ItfljO to 18!>5 a combination
of individuals existed formed for the purpose
of taking by force a portion of the territory of
the United States, and forming therein an in-
dependent sov ereisrnty. This combination was
composed of citizens of tin- United States. It
embraced almost all the citizens of eleven Slates.
It possessed aud used for its own purposes the
municipal power of those States. It le\ led war
against the Government mi land and sea. It
claimed to be a nation. Unas treated as such
bv foreign Powers, who accorded to it the rights
of a belligerent, who treated its vessels ol war
as privateers and not as pirates, who recognized
its flag, and who protected, if not received, its
ministers. It was treated as a nation for war
purposes by our own Government in giving tn
its people when captured the rights ol' pris-
oners 01'war. and in 1 ecogniziug its commis-
sions to rob and luiudei cm the high seas as
legalizing rubbery and mm der.
I\>r sonte time it was doubtful whether this
combination Avould maintain itself as a nation
or not. The party now asking us to ignore the
past, the horrible and bloody past, and take
in friendship the hands of the murderers over
the graves of the murdered, this parly said it
would so maintain itself. The Inst Democratic
national convention proclaimed the victory al-
ready 011 its side. In fact for four years it did
succeed in holding the position of a nation, be-
cause for that length of time it maintain! d war.
Finally the military forces of this combination
were vanquished by those of the United States,
and surrendered without terms to the victors.
By this means the combination was broken up
ami those who composed it became a conquered
people.
Now, according to the
as always enforced in anc
now unless lesirained In
ion, a conquered people
civil or political. ith ;
modem civilization has imposed upon the will
of the conqueror, he may .-till exact all the
guarantees ncccnary to prevent a recurrence
of hostilities, and he h the sole and irrespon-
sible judge of those guarantees. IJis power is
therefore absolute, and if lie abuses it the law
of nation^ knows no remedy.
lir. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
me to inicrrnpt him for a moment?
Mr. BKOOMALL. 1 will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman if he wishes us to understand him
strict law of narions.
ut tinier :uu{ ap,Nb
eqicci to public opin-
i;n c no t ights, either
lestrniut.: tvhieh
tl.
as asserting that those people inay be reduced
to absolute despotism it the conquering power
sees fit to exercise that power over them?
Mr. BKOOMALL. I have said that if tho
power of the conqueror in war is abused the
law of nations knows no remedy. I hope the
gentleman's question is answered. I am not
for using this absolute power for the purpose of
abusing it, or of abusing any of the people of
the United Stales, North or South; but I am
maintaining the right of the conqueror always
in international wars to treat the conquered as
it pleases, without responsibility to anybody but
the Almighty; and in civil wars, in rebellions,
it may treat the conquered and revolted sub-
jects or citizens either as traitors or as prison-
ers of war; and if it elects to treat them as
prisoners of war, then it does away with the
distinction between international and civil Avar.
Mr. NIBLACK. I want to understand the
gentleman's position. Does he claim this as a
moral right, or as a right of force merely? If
the power is abused in this respect, he says
there is no remedy. Do I understand him as
holding that it would not be a case in which
other nations might interfere?
Mr. BKOOMALL. Not according to the laws
of nations. Other nations may remonstrate,
bit', they can do nothing more.
Mr. NIBLACK. Are not the whole family
of nations interested in seeing that the laws of
nations are kept inviolate, and when they are
grossly outraged may not other nations right-
fully intevfere?
Mr. BKOOMALL. Let me ask the gentle-
man in turn, why it was that the United States
and the other nations of (he world did not inter-
fore when England chose, in the exercise of
this unlimited and irresponsible power, to shoot
her prisoners of war in tho Indies from the
mouths of cannon? They did not interfere he-
cause it, was not their business. They had no
riaht to interfere. In fact, ifthegeinlemau will
relleci for one moment lie will see that there is
nothing in his question. A nation is respon-
sible to 110 other earthly jurisdiction for the
exercise of its power. It is the sole and sin-
gle judge of its power. The very fact of sov-
ereignty renders it irresponsible to any civil
authority—makes it the single and sole judge
of its actions.
The position taken by (he late rebels who are
now claiming as it right the; restoration of all
they buv o tin u ited, the position so forcibly laid
down !r, the gentleman from New Y'ork, [Mr.
Kay.\;o\I!. j as well as by his fi ihuv-luborers, the
gentleman from New .Jersey [Mr. Rocnms] and
the gentleman from Indiana, [ Mr. \ noniftti'ts,]
is in substance this: though the people of
those er-veti States became first traitors, then
belligerent t, aud finally suppressed rebels, yet
this had no effect upon the States themselves.
The States being either sovereign, or compo-
nent- parts of a larger sovereignty, could not he
deslroved or in any manner atfecled by the acts
of (lie people.
According to this theory, there was 110 time
during t he last Jive years when these States had
not a right to representation in Congress. I11
thi> darkest days of that eventful period iheRcp-
re.-emalives of South Carolina had aright to
seats in 1 his 1 lall, a right to vote 011 all questions
of supplies to the At my. on all loan bills, 011
measures touching the punishment of guerrillas
and tho confiscation ot rebel property.
That the Democrats of this body should main-
tain such a doctrine is not to be wondered, at,
since, during all that period, the most maliguant,
traitorin thcentire South would have voted with
them upon all these questions. But it is mat-
ter of some surprise that these few but adroit
men have managed to convert the gentleman
from New York to their political persuasion.
Imagine the Representatives and Senators
from these eleven Slates voting down, by the
aid of their northern friends, the bill providing
for drafting men to nil the depleted ranks of the
Armv after the retreat from Richmond ; voting
down the bill authorizing the issuing of legal
tenders, when money could not be borrowed at
twelve per cent, per annum; voting down the
