1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
This measure accomplishes all-they desire and
all I had in view the other day.
I wish to say, in addition, that I can see no
reason why any member on this floor should
object to the passage of this bill. The public
faith has never been pledged to any man or set
of men to exempt from taxation money onhand.
Now, if a man's horse is subject to taxation in
one of the States, and that horse is" sold, and
the value taken in greenbacks, should not the
greenbacks be subject to taxation as well as the
property that lias been converted iuto money?
Greenbacks never passed into the hands of
any one'with the idea that they would be ex-
empted from taxation. They were taken merely
as currency of the country. Not so with our
bonds and with the other securities of the Gov-
ernment. Their money had been parted with
and invested in securities on the faith that they
should not be taxed, and that was an induce-
ment whereby they were led to part with their
money.
Now, we seek to let the States, whatever
they may make it their policy to tax, have the
privilege of taxing greenbacks, as they have
been accustomed to tax the notes of the State
banks in hand, in the pocket, or in the vaults
of a bank subject to check. That is all.
Mr. HULI3U11D. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. I will, for a moment.
Mr. IIULBURD. I rise to make a state-
ment that is personal to myself$ and as I have
not very often trespassed on the time of the
House, I hope I shall be indulged for a mo-
ment.
Last week I made some remarks on the sub-
ject of the loan bill, and in opposition to it.
In consequence of that one of the New York
papers, the Tribune, has thought proper to pub-
lish an article iurespectto me ; andas the article
is short, and as they have selected me as an
unworthy representative of those who oppose
that bill, I ask the indulgence of the House
while 1 read the article.
The SPKAKEli. Is there objection to the
gentleman proceeding?
No objection was made.
Mr. IIULBUIiJ). The article is as follows :
" Mr. IIulburd on Fixanci:.—'Wo tako all reason-
able pieeautions against astonishment, a/id yet Mr.
Hulp.uud's speech on thoiiiianccs has amazed us—
not that such a snecck should be made—there are
several member* from whom wo could have heard of
such a spin-eh w ilhoul Miipri>e, but not liom Calvin
T. liuLnuRD. whom wcluuo always i ied to a^ a cham-
pion of honesty and solvency in finance. Just con-
sider tins passage."
The passage in my spcech to which he refers
is the following :
" Authorize him to give public notice, and require
him to be in readiness according to notice, to issue
bond.-> running a fixed term of years in exehnncre for
thc^e uniunded obligations, specifying the kind, the
amount, the priority, and the time of presentation.
If if. is found Government bonds can be udviinta^e-
ou<ly placed m larger amounts than the intorc<*t-
beaiing liabilities, then, and not until then, let the
non-intere>l-bearing legal tenricis be taken 111 hand
by the Sceretaiy, due public notice being given of
the intention. Such a course would enable every
businecs man to know what Government contem-
plated, and to arrange his business and engagements
accordingly."
He then goes on to say:
"Does Mr. IIULBURb take the Secretary of the
Treatuty for a born idiot? If not, how can ho im-
agine that that officer will begin by contracting the
currency, thus creating a stringency in the money
uuuket, and rendering it impossible to place new
boiuK, when ho is attempting to convert nearly
one billion of short-time, interest-bearing obliga-
tions into long bonds? If not. what can he mean by
talking as above? Why not propose tiiat the Seere-
tai v shall not have power to take all the long bonds
himself at ten per cent, above their market value?
"Hear him again:
" ' lie objected that the bill continued in peace the
vast war powers of the Secretary over the currency
and the business of thecountrv. lie thought the
Secretary should give public notice of the kind and
amount and the priority of presentation of the lia-
bilities to be retired.'
"That is to say : the Secrctaiy should always re-
deem the dearest instead of the cheapest, securities
in market, and should so act as to run up the price
of any description of the nation al debt that he wishes
to redeem and cancel. We defy any man who knows
even the A ?> Os of finance to sav that thi* would not
be the precise and necessary effect of the Secretary's
giving such 'public notice' as is here demanded. If
Mr. McCulloch wero to-morrow to give notice that
he would proceed next month to purchase and cancel
the interest-bearing Treasury notes, or the certificates
of indebtedness, or any one description of the public
debt, that description would inevitably be rendered
dearer and more difficult to purchase by that notice.
To adopt Mr. Hulburd's suggestion on this point
would thus cost the country many millions of dollars.
And for what?
" As to the Secretary's 4 vast war powers' they will
ccasc when our debt is funded andspccie payments
resumed. We had counted confidently on Mr. Hul-
burd's aid in effecting that most righteous consum-
mation. That we are to encounter instead his oppo-
sition is a painful surprise that we receive 'more in
sorrow than in anger/ "
Now, Mr. Speaker, I rather like Mr. Gree-
ley's verdancy, as well as his vigor of attack.
1 do not think it is particularly unpleasant. I
admire him as the champion of American in-
terests. But when he says, as he did in the
issue of his paper on yesterday, that this House
are now taking steps to resume speciepayments
forthwith, and that we might have done so last
July with safety if we had only been willingto
do so, 1 think ho goes a little too fast.
If he wishes to jump on a horse before it is
saddled and bridled, or even before it has had
any training, and ride at once to specie pay-
ments, I can only say that it will not be the
first ride he has taken when he came to grief,
with those who followed him. I recollect one
celebrated ride taken by a person on the other
side of the Atlantic, and which has been cele-
brated by Cowper in immortal verse. We all
recollect the cry of u On to Richmond we
all kuow how disastrous that was, and the ef-
fects of it have hardly yet died away. Are we
now to hear another cry of u On to speciepay-
ments," irrespective of the results that may
follow that course? Sir, the hum of your mil-
lions of spindles in New England will cease,
and my friends from Pennsylvania may not
merely bank up their furnace fires, but they
may put them out if we go on in the rapid way
urged by Mr. Greeley. The commercial in-
terests of the city of New York are threatened
with destruction, and all our interests arc stag-
gering under the present condition of things,
and yet this editor charges men with being
idiots because they are not willing to ride as
recklessly toward specie payment as he wishes.
I recollect being in New York, in a crowd
that stood around the Tribune office, at the
time the editor was elccted to Congress. When
the crowd got around that famous corner on
Nassau street, some one asked Mr. Greeley,
''How about the election?*' He made this
significant remark: I believe it is all right in
reference to me." Instead of saying how the
city had gone, or how the State had gone, it was
more important in his estimation to say that it
was all right in reference to him. And so T
suppose in reference to the resumption of specie
payments, it will be all right in reference to
him.
There is such a thing as a man going too
fast.. Mr. Greeley once took a ride on the Pa-
cific coast, and was then pretty much in a hurry,
as he seems to be now. I do not see my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Ashixy] here now, the one
with the huge mass ot capillary adornment on
his head, covering a large brain and a stout
heart. I would ask him about that ride, if he
was here, as he has been over the same ground.
I do not know that the Speaker of this House
can write poetry ; I have never been told that
he is addicted to writing poetry. But he has
been over the same ground where Mr. Greeley
took Uftit wonderful lide. and I think when he
hears the piece read, which I ask the Clerk to
read, descriptive of that ride, he will at least
feel some poetical sensations.
I ask that the piece which I send to the Clerk's
desk be read as a pleasant illustration of the
effect of too fast riding ; not out of any malice
t toward Mr. Greeley, for I entertain no such
I feeling toward him.
| Mr. GARFIELD. All this may be exeeed-
| ingb* pleasant, but I would ask if it is in order,
j under the plea of making a personal explana-
^ tion. for a member to make an aitnek on a man
i in no way connected with this House?
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
1 York [Mr. IIulburd] asked his colleague [Mr.
CoNKLiara] to allow him a portion of h*s tirae
to reply to an attack made upon him, as he
stated, in the New York Tribune. The Chair
stated the question distinctly to the House, and
there was no objection made.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does this come out of
the time of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Conklixg?]
The SPEAKER. It does.
, Mr. HUtBURD. I merely ask to have the
piece read.
Mr. W33NTWORTH. There is an article
in the New York Tribune about me which I
should like to have read. [Laughter.]
Mr. HULBURD. Let the Clerk read what
I have sent up.
The Clerk read the following piece, being
frequently interrupted by the laughter of mem-
bers:
Horace greeley's ride to tlaceiivili/b.
"When Mr. Greeley was in California, ovations
awaited him at every town. He had written pow-
erful leaders in the Tribune in favor of the Pacific
railroad, which had greatly endeared him to the cit-
izens of the Golden State. And therefore they made
much of him when he went to see them.
At one town the enthusiastic populace tore his eel-
ebiated white coat to pieces, aud carried the pieces ,
home to remember him by.
The citizens of Placerville prepared to f£te the
great journalist, and an extra coach, with relays of *
horses, was chartered of the California Stasro Com-
pany to carry him from Folsom to Placerville—dis-
tance forty miles. The extra was in some way de-
layed, and did not leave Eolsoin until late in the
afternoon. Mr. Greeley was to be fSted at seven
o'clock that evening by the citizens of Placerville,
and it was altogether necessary that he should be
there by that hour. So the Stage Company said to
Henry Monk, the driver of the extra, Henry, this
man must be there by seven o'clock to-night." And
he answered, 44 The great man shall be theie."
The roads were in an awful state, and during the
first few miles out of Folsom slow progress was made.
" Sir," said Mr Greeley, "arc you aware that I must
be at Placcrvillc at seven o'clock to-night?"
"I've got my orders," laconically returned Henry
Monk.
Still the coach dragged slowly forward,
"Sir," said Mr. Greeley, "this is not a trifling mat-
ter. I muvt be there at seven."
Again came the answer, " I've grotfmy orders."
13ut the speed was not increased, and Mr. Greeley
chafed away another half hour; then as he was again
about to remonstrate with the driver, the horses
started into a furious run, and all sorts of encouraging
yells filled the"air from the throat of Henry Monk.
"That's right, my good fellow!" said Mr. Greeley.
" I'll give you ten dollars when we arrive at Placer-
villc. Now we are going!"
They were indeed, and at a terrible speed.
Crack! crack! went the whip, and again that voice
split the air: "Gitupl Ili.yil G'long! Yip—yip!
And on they tore, over stones and rut?, up hill a
and
down, at a rate n ever before achieved by stage horses.
Mr. Greeley, who had been bouncing from one end
of the coach to the other like an India-rubber ball,
managed to get his head out of the window, when he
said:
"Don't-on't-on'tyou think we-e-e shall get there
by seven if we don't-on't go so fast?"
"I've got my orders!" That was all Henry Monk
said. And on tore the coach.
It wai becoming serious. Already the journalist
was severely sore from the terrible jolting, and again
his head might have been seen at the window.
" Sir," he said, "I don't care-care-are ii you don't
get there at seven 1"
" I have got my orders!" Fresh horses. Forward
again, taster thanbetore. Over rocks and stumps, on
one of which.the coach narrowly eseaped turning a
summerset.
"See here!" shrieked Mr. Greeley, I don't care if
we don't get there at all!"
"I've got my orders! I work for the California
Stage Company, I do. That's what I work for; they
said, 'Get this man through by seving.' An' this
man's goin' through. You bet! Gcrlong! Whoocp!"
Another frightful jolt, and Mr. Greeley's bald head
suddenly found its way through the roof of the coach,
amidst the crash of small timbers and the ripping of
strong canvas.
"Stop, you maniac!" he roared.
" I've got my orders. Keep your seat, Horace !
At Mudd Springs, a village a few miles from Pla-
cerville, they met a large delegation of the citizens of
Placerville, who had come on to meet the celebrated
editor to cscort him to town. There was a military
company, a brass band, a six-horse wagon-load ot
beautiful damsels in milk-white dresses, represent-
ing all the States in the Union. It was nearly dark
now, but the delegation wcro amply provided with
torches, and bonfires all along the roaci to Placerville.
The citizens met the coach in the outskirts of Mudd
Springs, and Mr. Monk reined in his foaming steeds.
"Is Mr. Greeley on board?" asked the chairman
of the committee. .... „ . ,,
"lie was a few miles back,' said Mr. Monk. Yes,"
he added, lookingdown through the holo which the
fearful jolting had made in the coach roof. " Yes, I
can see him! lie is tl^crc 1"
"Mr. Greeley/' baid the chairman of the commit-
tee, presenting himself at the window of the coach.
" Mr. Groeloy, sir! "We have come to most cordially
