1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
39th Cong....1st Sess.
lieconstruction—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Beps.
who voted for that bill and the admission of
Representatives? Yes, Mr. Speaker, it was
well known to all of them; but they knew an-
other thing: that the State of Virginia was still
there, in the Union, and had a loyal population
who loved the country and its institutions ; and
they were the State, and entitled to be heard
on this floor. Will these gentlemen contend
they were right then and wrong now, or wrong
then and right now? Then, as I have said,
rebel Legislatures were in session in all these
States—Virginia, Louisiana, Tennessee, and
Arkansas—1 know, sworn against the United
States, and to maintain and uphold the confed-
eracy. How is it now? There is no rebel Le-
gislature in any of these States; that is, the
members of these Legislatures all have sworn
to support the Constitution ofthe United States,
and have by formal acts of legislation repudi-
ated the rebel government and everything con-
nected with it. Hence the people, who were
giving aid and comfort to the enemy in these
States when this legislation was being done in
Congress, have assumed now a different rela-
tion to the G o vernment, while the loyal people—
all who were there before are there now; and I
assert from my convictions of right, my judg-
ment of the law, and the precedent established,
that these people are entitled to representation
in Congress. At least, sir, we should admit,
without a word, the principle ; and if they do
not send such men here to legislate for them as
ought to and can take seats as members of this
body, who will legislate for the good of the
whole country, it is their fault, not ours.
But, sir, I am not done with the record yet.
In that debate the present Speaker of the House,
then holding a scat on the floor, assumed and
maintained with ability the very position I am
now humbly advocating. And the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] was strong and loud
in-his protestations against the charges of usur-
pation of power and the tyrannical action in the
separation of Virginia, as uttered by Mr. Segar
from that State, and in reply to that gentleman
used the following language:
" It is the first, time I have ever heard a Represent-
ative upon this floor venture so far as to say that an
act authorized by the Federal Constitution, and within
the express reserved rights of the people of every
State, is an act of tyranny. The gentleman says that
in the convention that convened the Legislature of
Virginia eleven of the counties within the proposed
State were not represented. Whatofthat? Doesthe
gentleman mean to say that it makes invalid all that
has been done under that convention? Let him re-
member, if ho pleases, when he makes an argument
of that sort, that that convention, which was an origi-
nal act of sovereignty ofthe people themselves in V lr-
ginia, appointed the veiy Governor of Virginia under
whose proclamation he ventured to become a candi-
date for aseat in this House.and underwhose certifi-
cate he ventured to present himself here for admission.
He cannot be allowed to blow hot and cold in this way
upon a question of this sort. If the convention was
invalid, then their appointment of a Governor was
invalid, and his proclamation tor the election under
which the gentleman claimed his seat was also in-
valid. The election proclamation of Governor Peir-
point, if I recollect the rccord aright, was issued be-
fore the people of Virginia were permitted to speak
by ballot on the question whether Governor Teirpoint
should be their Executive or not. It was the act of
the convention itself that appointed the Governor of
Virginia, under whoso proclamation the gentleman
was elected—of that very convention which the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. SegarJ stands here this day
to repudiate. ,
"There was one other objecliomn the gentleman s
argument, if it may be called an argument, which I
desire to notice, and that was that there was not insuffi-
cient number of votes given at the election to justify the
House in concluding thatthisconstitution is tho act of
the people. It is the first time, I may be permitted to
say, that I have heard any man say that the neglcct
or refusal to vote of part of those duly qualified to
vote invalidates an election which in other respects
is legal, li that were so, then it would be impossible
tor the people in the State of Virginia, as long as th ese
rebels choose to remain rebels, to reassert their rights.
As to the way in which the minority may assert their
rights against a majority of lebels I shall have some-
thing to say hereafter. • .
"If the gentleman honestly entertains the view of
the subject which he has expressed, and to which I
have just refeirod, that an election legally held is
made invalid because the great majority of the voters
choose not to attend and vote, then with what pro-
priety did the gentleman come here from a district in
which there are fifteen or twenty thousand voters,
backed by the pitiful vote of only twenty-five citizens,
and ask a seat upon this floor.' [Laughter.) A man
capable of playing that ro/emi^ht be capable ol betray-
ing in his place after ho is admitted the reserved rights
of the people whom he represents."
The gentleman's speech makes about a col-
umn in the Globe, and in.it he charged upon
Mr. Segar that he was the only Representative
permitted to take his seat here by the votes of
twenty-five rtften, while there were twenty-five
thousand in his district.
Now, sir, these men come here through the
action of loyal Governors and loyal Legislatures,
which have adopted the constitutional amend-
ment, repudiated the rebel debt, and coincided
in the whole policy of the national G overnmcnt;
and they come here by the vote of thousands,
and thousands of loyal voters electing them to
seats in this Hall; and yet the gentleman, to-
gether with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevexs,] and his colleague, [Mr. Siiklla-
babger,] says that these States are not entitled
to representation, that these men are not to be
admitted to seats upon this floor, that these
people are not to be heard in the councils of
the nation. You go ahead and collect taxes
from them and hold them in perfect and com-
plete subjugation so far as the Constitution and
laws are concerned, and yet these men, no mat-
ter how loyal they may be, no matter how staunch
they may have been in their support of the Gov-
ernment and in the discharge of all their duties
to it, are to b e considered as outsiders,and turned
away and not permitted to raise their voices here
in defense of the country. While members were
sitting herein theirarmed-cushioned chairs, with
a salary of $3,000 a year, and retiring from this
council Hall to their probably more comfortable
rooms, with their still softer cushioned chairs
and spring mattresses, and surrounded by all
the comforts and luxuries that the country af-
fords, Stokes, of Tennessee, with a sword by his
side, was in that mountainous country defend-
ing the integrity, honor, and dignity ofthe na-
tion, driving the rebels back, so that the honor
and glory of the nation might be maintained.
Yet he is regarded here as an "outsider," and
not reckoned fit to be among our number. And
Maynard, of Tennessee, was not permitted to
sit by his own fireside with his wife and little
children; the only solace he had was to wind
his way over the mountains of Tennessee, seek-
ing an asylum among the loyal people of this
country, without money,without assistance, and
without bread almost; always willing to defend
the honor and dignity of the nation and the
integrity of the Government. Yet lie comes
hero to-day, having served two years during the
war, and is called an " outsider,'' and must with-
draw and not participate in the action of this
Congress. He was actively laboring for the
integrity of the Union while we were enjoying
the luxuries of our own firesides, hearing no
musket's fire, no cannon's roar, sleeping not
upon tho cold and damp ground, with nothing
but the canopy of heaven to shelter them. \V ho
is Hawkes? A man who left his native State
and went into the armies of the Union, and
after battling the best he could for his country
was unfortunately taken piisoner and carried
to Charleston, where hew?is exposed to the fire
of our guns for sixty days and sixty nights to
shield the rebels of that city from the. punish-
ment they deserved. Yet he, too, is to be re-
garded as an "outsider. '
And who was Cooper? A man who stood
up for the Union in his Stale during the rebel-
lion ; and when, in the spring of 18H2.1 was in
that section of country in service, he was the
only man I could refer to in Shelbvville as a
reliable Union man. And who was Campbell?
A commissioned brigadier general of the Uni-
ted States Army. All these men are "out-
siders" hero; and not only that, but every man
who takes the position I have assumed is to be
considered an outsider, a copperhead, a rene-
gade, a latter-day-saint Democrat, because he
chooses to defend the rights of the States lately
in rebellion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
On motion of Mr. BAKER, leave was granted
to Mr. Smith to conclude his remarks on a sub-
sequent day.
Saturday, January 27, I860.
The House being again in Committee of tlio Whole
on the state of the Union— *
Mr. SMITH said:
' Mr. Chairman: On the occasion when I last
addressed the House on this subject, I was,
when the hammer fell, undcitaking to sustain
the position which I had assumed in the outset
of my remarks, that the doctrine which had been
enunciated and maintained during the war by
the Union party of tho United States was that
secession is a heresy ; that it violates all the
principles of the Constitution and the law upon
which our Government had been established.
In maintenance of that position, I recited the
authority which became a part of the record of
the Congress of the United Stales, running
through the last four years. I quoted from dis-
tinguished members of this House, and from
authorities outside of the House, to show that
we, as a Union party, had sustained and pro-
secuted the war just closed for the express pur-
pose of keeping the rebellious States in the
Union as they were when the war began, and
where they arc as 1 claim to-day.
In-taking this position, and in maintaining it
earnestly, as I do, I do not compromise in the
slightest degree any position heretofore assumed
by the great Union party of America. 1 f we
admit by ourlegislationnowthatanyonc ofthe
eleven States of the South whose people waged
the war against the Government for its destruc-
tion has at anytime been out of this Union,we,
at this late day, and after the suppression of the
rebellion, come up to and adopt the very doc-
trine which led to the rebellion, ft was main-
tained in the Congress ofthe United States l'or
thirty vears, the great South Carolina champion
taking" the lead, that prior to the adoption of
the Constitution the thirteen original Statesere
independent sovereignties, outside ol and inde-
pendent ofthe Union; that the Union was made
up of independent Slates, and that they had a
right, whenever they chose, to withdraw their
allegiance from tho Government and resume
their original sovereignty as independent States.
That doctrine we denied. v\ e resisted it by
argument for tliirtyyears in Congress and out of
if. We maintained that the allegiance of every
citizen throughout, the eountiy to his Slate was
subordinate to his allegiance to the national
Government. When the controversy became
one of arms our people, by thousands, rallied
for the maintenance ofthe great principle which
they had beforeassertcd, andresisted toits over-
throw that pernicious doctrine which brought
on the most calamitous war that the world ever
witnessed.
I was proceeding to show, when I last had
the floor on this subject, that the action of Con-
gress in the admission of the State of West
Virginia clearly proved, beumd the shadow of
a doubt, that secession and rebellion, in their
most formidable strength, could not destroy the
State government of Virginia. 'I he Legislature
of that State, which was assembled, notin Rich-
mond, the capital of the, State, but in Wheel-
ing, was recognized as the legitimate authority
of the State of Virginia, and gave its consent
to the withdrawal of those western counties and
the formation of a new State; and thus West
Virginia was admitted into the Lnionbytho
action of the Congress of the Onitcd States.
Congress admitted, ipso fudo, that neither Vir-
ginia nor any other State had ever been out of
the Union.
In addition to that, this House, by the vote
of a large number of its Union members, ad-
mitted as a Representative from "Virginia a gen-
tleman who had received only twent\ -fi\e votes
from a district embracing twenty-livethousand
voters. And the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr.
Bingham,] from whom I have already quoted,
declares that the men who sent, these men here
