468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 27,
bill providing for the enlistment of negroes
when the drain upon the white men of the
country had begun to be oppressive.
The business of the day might have been
rendered still interesting ana impressive by some
southern member asking an appropriation to
fortify the southern harbors, or to pay rebel
slave-owners for their confiscated chattels, pre-
senting a bill providing pensions for wounded
rebels and the widows of dead ones, or a bill
providing for the pay of the keeper of the prison
at Andersonviile, all of which would probably
have received the full party vote, and some of
■which might have carried.
This is imposing no difficult task on the im-
agination. If these eleven communities are
now full and complete States of the Union,
then they always have been. If they are enti-
tled to representation now, then they always
have been entitled to representation, and it is
not supposing too much to suppose that their
Representatives would have voted with their
fellow-Democrats ofthe North, whose position
upon these and kindred questions is part oftlie
country's history.
It is argued in some quarters that thesceleven
States existed in full life and power during the
rebellion, but that their functions were sus-
pended for want of proper persons to perform
them. Let us examine this position. Now
the State of South Carolina, that had its func-
tions suspended, was not the State of South
Carolina that constituted one of the confeder-
acy. That State of South Carolina had iu func-
tions performed. It had a Governor, legisla-
tive bodies, courts, all the machinery of a State,
in full and active vigor until after Sherman's
famous march. Were there, then, two States
of South Carolina, one loyal but dormant, the
other active but in rebellion? By the State, in
this argument, nobody means the mere land
and water embraced within the limits, nor the
mere unorganized inhabitants, but the body-
politic; and the advocates of this theory must
not expect to make many proselytes until they
can explain what a State is that has no organ-
ized citizens and neithci executive, legislative,
nor judicial bodies. Where a case of suspended
animation continues so thoroughly suspended
for four years, one must be permitted to doubt
the possibility of resuscitation.
Mr. NI BLACK. 1 dislike to be troublesome,
but thegentlemnn's remarks attracted my atten-
tion, and I wish to understand whether his posi-
tion is that the States lately m rebellion are not
now States within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion in the full sense of the word, is that his
argument?
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not distinctly hear
the gentleman.
Air. NIBLACK. I wish to inquire whether
I rightly understand him when 1 understand
him to argue that the States lately in rebellion
are not now States within the Union within the
meaning ofthe Constitution?
Mi'. BROOMALL. Withiighl to representa-
tion here?
Mr. NIBLACK. In the general sense—the
full sense.
Mr. BROOMALL. With full State powers?
Mr. NIBLACK. Are they not now "States "
within the meaning of the Con'Stitution when it
speaks of States ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I now understand the
gentleman's question and T will answer it. These
organized communities—for if the newspapers
represent correctly, they are somewhat organ-
ized—are not, in my opinion, lull States of the
Union. If I had thought they were, I should
not have voted for the concurrent resolution by
which the committee on reconstruction was
appointed.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then I beg to inquire what,
in the gentleman's opinion, are now the rela-
tions ot the President of the United States, he
being a citizen of the State of Tennessee, to
the rest, of the United States and the people
ofthe United States?
Mr. BROOMALL. I heard that question
started early in this session, and it struck me
fiat it would not be repeated. I have yet to
learn that it is necessary, nnder the Constitu-
tion. for a man to be a citizen of any State ot
the Union before he ct>rt become eligible to the
offices of President and Alee President. I find
nothing in the Constitution which requires it,
and I would like to have seen an objection sus-
tained to the reelection of President Lincoln
upon the ground that he was a citizen of the
District of Columbia, and therefore not a citizen
of any State, if ho had so been, and if he had
chosen he would have so been.
I hope these interruptions will not be taken
out of my time.
Mr. NiBLACK, We will extend the time.
Mr. BROOMALL. Undoubtedly the pres-
ent President of the United States was at the
time of tbe breaking out of the rebellion a citi-
zen of the State of Tennessee and a citizen ot
the United States. If he had headed an army
ofthe rebellion, if he had joined in the treason,
probably the gentleman might have voted for
him for Vice President; 1 certainly should not
have done so. In that event he would un-
doubtedly have become ineligible for that office,
because he would have lost his position of citi-
zen of the United States by his own belliger-
ency, and by his State being in a state of war
against the United States. But, he was not in
the rebellion. He was here at the time the
rebellion broke out, performing his duties as a
Senator of the United States. And when he
went to Tennessee he went there in the interests
of the Government. He was in no way con-
cerned in the rebellion there. He remained a
citizen of the United States just as much as it
Tennessee had never rebelled, and was there-
fore properly eligible to the olliee of either
President or Vice President?
Mr. NIBLACK. One other remark, and I
will not interrupt, the gentleman further. As
to how J might have voted, in the case supposed
bythe gent ienian, that is not the question now.
But 1 beg to inquire ofthe gentleman what the
Constitution means when it says the candidates
for President and Vice President must be citi-
zens of different States?
Mr. BROOMALL. The Constitution does
not say so.
Mr. Nl BLACK Is not that the purport of it?
.Mr. BI'OOMA LL. No, sir. it savs theyshall
not both bo citizens of the same State. And I
am inclined to think that at the time of the last
presidential election Abraham Lincoln and
Andrew Johnson weve not both citizens of the
same Stale.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I will ask my colleague
[Mr. Buoomall] this question: suppose the
present, President had been a citizen of the
Territory of Nebraska, would he have been eli-
gible to the otliee for which he was nominated?
Mr. BROOMALL. That reminds me of a
question I asked, in sport., of my colleague [ Mr.
Stkvkvs] when he returned from the Baltimore
convention. I asked how it was that they had
nominated a foreigner for \ ice ['resident ; and
vi hen he expressed some little dissatisfaction at
what had been done, I remember I (old him 1
ihuught a man was eligible for the otliee of
President or \ ice President even though he was
a citizen of the Tcrrilor;/ of Tennessee, if he
wa- a native-born citizen of the United States.
Mr. NIBLACK. Suppose that Mr. Johnson
is not, a citizen of any State, is he eligible for
President or Vice President?
Mr. BROOMALL. I so understand the Con-
stitution. If he is a citizen of the United States,
born within the limits of the United States, he
is eligible, no matter whether he was born in a
Territory that has never become a State or born
in the District of Columbia, or inside some of
the forts of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. That answers my question.
Mr. NIBLACK. If ho was a citizen of Ten-
nessee, would he not be taken out by Tennes-
see rebelling?
Mr. BROOMALL. I will answer that ques-
tion by putting another. If all the members ot
this House except the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Nielack] should choose to get into a riot,
would that, carry the gentleman from Indiana
into the riot unless he chose to go into it? An-
drew Johnson did not choose to be carried into
this mischief.
I do not wish to be understood as advocating
any extended exercise of unlimited power over
the conquered South. The position I take is,
that the Government has the right to pursue
any policy it mav deem best, unembarrassed by
rights of defeated rebels ; in other words, that
those conquered people have no rights except
such as are derived from the action or permis-
sion ofthe General Government since the sur-
render. Let us see whether any party in the
country is seriously questioning this position.
The Democrats, who denied the right to co-
erce States, who voted against supplies of men
and money to the Army, against loan bills,
who maintained the divine right to hold slaves,
who magnified rebel victories and refused credit
to our own, and whose constant cry, "You can-
not conquer the South I" resounded throughout
the land and blended its last echoes with the
news of Lee's surrender; the Democrats, I say,
have accepted the new condition of things with
most commendable amiability, and have so far
amended their political creed as to indorse the
policy of the President.
Thesemi-Demoerats, lookingovereach shoul-
der with the timidity and almost the grace of a
startled fawn, lest they should be taking too bold
a step, still indorse the policy of the President.
Indeed, they claim to be the espccial champions
of that policy ; and so jealous are they iu this
regard that they almost deny the right of any-
body else to occupy the same position. Finally,
the Republicans, of course, indorse the policy
of the President. Selecting him as they did
from the hottest of the contest, tried and found
true when all around him were false, they could
not mistake his sentiments then, nor could either
in so short a time change so as to become an-
tagonistic to the other.
Indorsed as it is by all the political parties of
the country, what is the policy of the President?
Let, us deduce it from his acts, the only legiti-
mate mode. He has taken military possession
of the South as a conqueror. He has treated
all the old State governments as having fallen
with Lee's surrender, or crushed them since,
and has founded new ones upon their ruins. In
doing this, he has begun with the original ele-
ments, the unorganized people, totally ignoring
the i'aet that they had ever been bodies politic,
utterly overthrowing even that part of the old
governments that provided ibr the creation of
new ones. Can anything i,e more radical than
this ? What wonder that my colleague, the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, [Mr. Stevkxs,] should claim to be
a disciple of the President?
More than this, in forming these new States
directly from 1he people, he has prescribed who
shall vote, and how and tGien they shall vote.
Having thus obtained State conventions repre-
senting the will of the people, be has prescribed
feu' them the constitutions they shall frame.
The ordinances of secession of the old extinct
State governments must be declared void, not
repealed. The rebel debt must be repudiated.
The constitutional amendment must be ratilied.
When all this is done he has reviewed the work
of these conventions and told them when to
adjourn.
NTow, if there is any party in the country de-
manding measures more radical than these—
than the creating of new States by proclamation
after destroying the old ones by war—it would be
refreshing t o see its creed. If it were not for an
abiding faith in the sleepless vigilance of the
Dem oeraey, who have stood guard for four years
over the Constitution, sounding the alarm upon
the smallest pretext of an occasion, seeing the
Trojan horse in every mule that pointed its ears
toward that, sacred instrument; if it were not
for this faith, one might be permitted to ques-
tion whether there is in the organic law of the
land anyprovisionempoweringthe Commander-
in-Chief of the armies to create civil govern-
ments in conquered territory without act of
Congress.
But all parties approve of this. The Demo-
crats, the great champions of the constitutional
