1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cons, ... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Beps.
ask him if he has any authority, if he has any
information, direct or indirect, that the State
authorities of South Carolina have in anywise,
at any time, under any condition, undertaken
to interfere with or overthrow the Government,
the Constitution, or laws of the United States?
In other words, I ask you whether the State
government of South Carolina is not to-day in
perfect conformity to the laws and policies of
the United States?
Mr. BROOMALL. I have nqt the means
of answering that question; but I incline to
think the State of South Carolina, or rather
the present organization of South Carolina, will
be found to be antagonistic to the Government
when examined.
_ But I do not yet get an answer to my ques-
tion ; and that is upon what the present organ-
ization of South Carolina rests; whether it rests
upon the mere proclamation of the President;
whether it is the legitimate successor of the old
one that did exist there, or anew creation; and
if a new creation, how created, and by what au-
thority, since I am not aware that Congress ever
authorized a new creation of States within any
part of the conquered territory.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman seems indis-
posed to receive my answer, which I thought
was very explicit. I say to him that the power
by which South Carolina was reorganized ema-
nated from the people; it was by the people
there that this thing has been done, just as it has
been done in the States of Tennessee and of
Arkansas and Virginia and other States. It has
gone back to the people, and the people have
elected their Governor, their Legislature, and
their representatives in the various branches of
the State organization. Now, take the State of
Tennessee for instance. What more can we
ask than that State has done, so far as it relates
to the General Government? I am not speak-
ing of individual wrongs upon this man, or that
man, or the other, but I am speaking of the
State. She has elected one of the most uncon-
ditional Union men of the United States as her
Governor. She has sent here the very best men
she has in her State to represent her in Con-
gress. She has a Legislature elected by her
people who alone had the power to elect, all
who were in the rebellion having been excluded
except those who took the oath, having been
conscripted and forced into the rebel army.
Now, when, how, and why arc you to disre-
gard that organization, and when is it to be said
that she is a State in the Union? Gentlemen
say you want guarantees. I put this proposi-
tion, and I want somebody to answer it, if they
please, without interrupting me,when they come
to speak: what guarantees can you put into the
Constitution; what guarantees can you secure
by law; what guarantees can you have in the
form of statutes; I do not care how voluminous
or how strong in words or terms? I do not care
what provisions you put in the Constitution.
But what power is there in this Government to
prevent these people, or the people of New Eng-
land, or the people of the middle States, from
rebelling when they want to? We thought be-
fore that our Constitution was secure against
rebellion; we thought the laws we had were
sufficient to prevent rebellion; we were con-
tinually legislating to quiet the different sections
of the country; but we had a rebellion; it came
upon us, and the only way we suppressed it was
by force. I care not what laws you put upon
the statute-book; if they choose to rebel again
they will do it, and the only way the Govern-
ment can maintain itself will be by force, as it
did in the past.
The right of revolution is an inherent right
in the people; and whether they agree to-day to
laws or not is a question for them to determine;
and if they choose to rebel against them a year
from this time they can do it; but it is within
the power of the "Government to prevent the
rebellion, to put it down, to suppress it if they
choose. Sir, I do not believe in the right of
the people to revolt against the Government and
undertake its overthrow until that Government >
becomes oppressive. OurGovernmenthasnever
been oppressive; it has been the best and most
.beneficent in the world, and therefore our peo-
ple rallied as one man to its defense. But still,
while I say these things, I am for voting for
whatever law is necessary to promote quiet and
harmony throughout the country.
But, gentlemen, allow me to say one thing.
The course to be pursued by a great people and
its Legislature during a time of war may not be
the best course to be pursued after that war is
over. If there are those whom you think should
be punished, should be held up as examples for
their crimes,then, in the name of justice, of law,
and of the injuries they have inflicted upon the
people of this country, bring them to justice,
hang them if need bo, and I shall refbiee rather
than weep over it. I have always believed, as
I have reiterated in Congress time and time
again, that treason should be made so obnox-
ious and terrible in the sight of the people of
this country that all men will bo slow to com-
mit it again. Make your examples; I care not
who they may be. But in regard to the great
mass of the people from whom we must collect
our revenues and taxes, with whom we must
live, and with whom we must have our commer-
cial and political and social relations, we must
not go too far; we must not grind them down
too much. And above all. we must remember
that bravo men never kick and abuse a fallen
foe.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
if I understand him to maintain thatthia rebel-
lion has in nowise changed the relations of the
States to the General Government, but it is
simply a question between the Government and
its citizens as citizens of the United States?
Mr. SMITH. I mean to say that the war
did change most materially the relations of the
States toward the Government of the United
States. Their relations are now altogether
changed, because before the war there were
fifteen slave States, with statutes upon your
statute-books requiring that fugitives from labor
should be returned to the respective States and
owners from which they had escaped. And
your judiciary decided that it was the duty of
the Government to see that those laws were
executed. Now the relations of those States
are changed in that four million people for-
merly slaves are now free. And the people
lately engaged in rebellion have changed their
relations toward the General Government in
that they have committed treason, and they
cannot regain their old political rights and priv-
ileges as citizens of the United States unless
they receive, at the hands of those who have the
the power, a pardon for the offenses they have
committed.
The relation of the States which were en-
gaged in rebellion has been changed or sus-
pended. But, as I remarked a moment ago,
those States, through their people establishing
new State governments, are still States in the
Union, and have never been out of it.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will allow
me, T will state that he does not seem to ap-
prehend my question to him. I understand
the gentleman to say now that these States
are new States, thereby acknowledging that in
effect their relations toward the General Gov-
ernment have been changed. Now I wish to ask
him, conceding that these States are new States,
and not, as was very well put by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall,] the suc-
cessors of the old States, who is to determine,
what branch of the Government is to determine,
the status of those nine States and the con-
ditions upon which they may reenter the Union ?
If they are new States 
Mr. SMITH. I do not desire to hear an
argument from the gentleman at this time.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman will pardon
me. I have no desire to make an argument,
but simply to ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. SMITH. The relations that Maryland,
Delaware, Kentucky, and Missouri bear to the
Government of the United States at this time
are very different from what they were in 1860.
They then bore the relations of slave States,
and they were regarded and represented here
as slave States, with certaip rights under the
Constitution and under the laws. The amend-
ment of the Constitution abolishing slavery lias
been passed, but not with the consent of my
State, Kentucky. She has persistently refused
to do it. Yet she has had two hundred and
twenty-five thousand slaves taken from her peo-
ple by law. Who did that? Who made feat,rad-
ical change in the condition of the State of Ken-
tucky? Was it the people of Kentucky? That
State had an organized State government,' and
was never regarded out of the Union, however
hostile some of her authorities may have been.
Yetthe strong arm of the Government, through
the law, has changed her relation to the Gen-
eral Government.
And these other States have altered their
relations to' the General Government, first,
by war; but they have resumed their relation
by peace, and coming back into the Union
and adopting the rules we have laid down for
them.
But, in the few minutes I have remaining, I
wish to be distinctly understood that, in my
humble judgment, the great party to which I
belong, and with which 1 would always wish to
act, when I can do so consistently, is making
one of the most important mistakes that a great
party eyer did make. I have no doubt, that they
arc seeking to ingraft into their political creed
something which will result in great injury to
the Government, and which will expose it to
more danger than any we have ever been ex-
posed to heretofore.
You may speak of the rebellion asyou choose,
and I will consent to all that you may say. Y'ou
may denounce all those who were engaged in
it as bitterly as you please, and I will say
"amen" to every word. You may exclude
from participation in the Government those
ivho have used their efforts to destroy, for so
long a term asyou please, and I shall not mur-
mur. But I beg that the Union party, having
the ascendency m this House ana this Govern-
ment, as it has to-day, will not go too fast or
too far, will not undertake to do too much. It
is a wonderful spectacle in history, one which
the world lias never before seen, that in a coun-
try like ours, acknowledging and upholding
slavery, four million people should have been
emancipated, their shackles knocked off, and
their freedom achieved within the short period
of four years. It was a grand and a rapid stride,
as I trust and believe, for the civilization of the
world and for the extension of liberty to all
men. I would maintain the freedom of these
people here and everywhere to the extent of
my humble ability. Nay, further, I would teach
them to be intelligent, to be virtuous, to bo
Christian, to enjoy all the advantages of civili-
zation. I would insure to them all their rights
of property, liberty, and life. I would guaranty
to them the rights enjoyed by any other man.
I do not believe in the doctrinc that negroes
should be witnesses only in cases where they
alone are interested. I believe that the negro
should be permitted to go into the courts to vin-
dicate liis honor, liis integrity, his rights of prop-
erty. But you must not ask me to go so tar at
this time as to declare that these negroes are
all entitled to the right of suffrage, and that it
should be extended to them universally through-
out thcUnited States. I say to members of this
House, the negroes of the South do not to-day
demand that of you; they do not ask you to
give them the right of suffrage at this time, be-
cause they know the danger to which it would
expose them. I am the friend of the negro
race. I will do as much as any other man on
this floor for the advancement of that race. I
have already done a great deal more in this
respect than many of those who are listenng to
me to-day. 1 affirm that the negroes them-
