2494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
country." He must be defended by domestic
legislation, the municipal tribunals, the local
laws, the independence and action of the judi-
ciary and the officers of his own State.
Sir, as I read the providences of Almighty
God that are transpiring before us in this great
crisis, I look upward toward heaven and thank
the Almighty Buler of the universe that He
does permit now to occupy the presidential
chair a man, who from his convictions and by
all his education is determined to protect, pre-
serve, and defend the rights which belong to
the States under the Constitution. That is the
way I read the teachings of Providence in this
great crisis.
Mr. President, I had occasion to remark—
and for it I have personally been criticised
very much by some of the public press and
other persons in my own State—that the
people of the northern States to a very great
extent were being imposed upon by false re-
ports that are coming up from writers, corre-
spondents of newspapers and others from the
South ; men some of whom are engaged in the
business of plunder, who desire this state of
anarchy to continue, who fear that if the Gov-
ernment is perfectly restored their occupa-
tion, like Othello's, will be gone; men who are
plundering in cotton and the other products of
the South. I made this statement and I be-
lieve it to be true, and the remark which I
made in reading an extract from what was
stated by a gentleman of the State of Alabama,
who in his letter to me said that the state of
opinion and feeling at the South was being
caricatured at the North, drew from Colonel
Tarbell of the State of New York, of the New
York volunteers, a letter from which I will
read a few extracts. I never read letters with-
out mentioning the name, for the reading of
anonymous communications is a practice that
I never indulge in. I refer to it as evidence
of the fact which I stated. I say this state-
ment which I made on a former occasion called
from him this letter :
"Dear Sik: Allow me to say that I have been in the
States ot Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi since
December last; that I was a Whig and am a Repub-
lican, and hence looked closely at southern socicty.
I have no hesitation in denouncing the reports in
northern newspapers of outrages upon the blacks and
upon northern settlers as utter fabrications or mali-
cious exaggerations. I traveled by rail, by water, on
horscback, on foot, in company and alone, by day
and by night, totally unarmed except a pocket knife,
purposely, openly and frankly declaring to every one
I was a 'Yankee and Black Republican.' I met others
who had traveled on horseback from Florida to Mis-
sissippi, who, like me, were Republicans, and I do
assure you 1 would sooner travel throughout the
South than theNoith, so far as personal safety is con-
cerned.
"To go from here to the South is like passing out
of the work of the week into tho Sabbath; all is
quiet, all are trying to "work for a living, for all are
on a level and compelled to work with their own
hands. Yankee land does not present a more active,
industrious scene than" the whole South, nor could
Yankees display more energy, ingenuity, recupera-
tive power in starting on nothing.
"To saythat the South is 'caricatured'in the North
does not express it; she is slandered, vilified, wick-
edly, infamously belied. Were the South to come
North she would not recognize herself; if shedidshe
would disown herself. Were the North to go South
she would be astounded at the misrepresentations
and falsehoods and with the cruelly unjust and er-
roneous sentiments prevailing here. The North is
all wrong, not in its consistent anti-slavery senti-
ments, but in its impressions of southern character,
•i-he< negroes areneithcrhatednor ill-treated, northern
settlers are not molested; the South accepts the sit-
uation m good faith."
I will not read all tliis letter, but one or two
more extracts. The writer says farther:
There are just grounds of complaint against the
j -nen f officers. Most of them are inter-
ested in plantations, and so many are corrupt and
incompetent that the service, the Government, and
the JNorth are scandalized by their conduct."
"Lot me go further, and assureyou that the South
cannot be forced into another outbreak. The south-
ern people arc loyal."
"You will also perhaps remember the report of
the seizure of a boat laden with cotton on the Tom-
bigbee river, which was charged to the account of
guerrillas. Having been in the vicinity, I am enabled
to state authoritatively that politics had nothing to
do with tho affair. The fact was that the party was
a combination of northern and southern men to
steal on a grand scale. It was simply the culmina-
tion of a grand system of cotton stealing in which
Union officials had participated." *■«-  .
I have personally known of cases of vagabonds
from the North arrested by State laws for actual
crimes, yet appealed to and received military pro-
tection on the false plea of persecution because of
northern seutimentsl Because a landlord would not
allow a black man to eat at his table with his white
guests, his hotel was closed by an officer."
^ w a a
" But not to be too lengthy, I assure you, sir, that this
terrific public opinion that is driving the North to the
support of the startling and dangerous centralization
of power in Congress is based upon falsehood and mis-
representation.
"As I expect to be judged by my Maker at the great
day of final judgment, I state to you solemnly that
from extensive travels in these States, from conversa-
tions with all classes and colors, and after listening
to hundreds, I believe before high Heaven that all
these newspaper reports of hatred to and outrages
upon blacks by whites and of the molestations of
northern settlers are baseless, wicked fabrications,
concocted and reported expressly to create this fear-
ful public opinion which should sustain the change
of the fundamental principles of the Constitution,
devised by our forefathers with a wisdom and fore-
sight they themselves scarcely comprehend."
Mr. President, the reports of General Grant,
the reports of General Sherman, the reports
of General Steedman, the reports of those men
who have been sent as agents, traveling through-
out the South in all its length and breadth,
speak in very much the same character of the
mass of the people of the South. There are
exceptions, it is true. There is anarchy in some
places. Bad men, wicked men, drunken men
may engage here and there in riots and in op-
pression, but the great mass of the people of
the South this day accept the terms which we
laid down in the platform of 1864; that is,
"unconditional surrender to the Constitution
and laws of the United States." They have
gone farther, they have adopted the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
forever abolishing slavery, and putting it out
of the power of any State to establish slavery
forever. They have done all that we demanded
in the platform of 18G4. More than that, sir,
under the advice of Mr. Johnson, as President,
while they were reorganizing their governments,
they went further; they repudiated the rebel
debt by their constitutions. They accepted the
situation, accepted it in good faith.
I undertake to say, therefore, Mr. President,
that all this war which has been waged upon
Mr. Johnson and his policy since the present
Congress began its session has been a war
without cause. He has stood upon the policy
of his predecessor on the points to which I
have referred. He has stood upon the platform
of 1864. I carry the war into Africa, and I say
you are the men that are betraying your party
and your creed in making these charges against
Mr. Johnson and his policy.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senator would
carry Africa into the war.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not precisely un-
derstand the force of that great witticism of my
friend from Massachusetts, but I presume it is
all right.
Mr. S UMNER. The Senator says he wishes
to carry the war into Africa. I merely wish
that he would carry Africa into the war.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I have
said nothing in relation to the resolutions of
Wisconsin to-day. As I have stated, on some
occasion I purpose to take up those resolutions
to discuss them so far as they have bearings
upon me personally; and when the question
goes home to the people of Wisconsin, I shall
look with confidence to their decision. I know
that the convention of the Union party of Wis-
consin last fall unanimously resolved in favor
of the resolutions submitted by me in that con-
vention, one of which was that the doctrine that
these States are out of the Union is absolutely
false and unfounded, and that there is not a
sane man to be found North or South who will
advocate that doctrine. That was one of the
resolutions of the Union party of Wisconsin.
They are sustained, and sustained even by the
action of the reconstruction committee, for they
abandon this idea that they are States out of
the^ Union, recognize them as States in the
Union to which they propose to submit some
constitutional amendments for their ratifica-
tion, recognizing them as States, organized as
States, with the power of States to give or to
withhold their consent from constitutional
amendments.
Mr. CONNBSS. Mr. President  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No; I do not, propose
to be interrupted now, as I am nearly through,
and the Senator cau then take his time.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator does not
understand me. I do not wish to interrupt
him; I was about to ask him whether he de-
sired to finish to-night, and if not, I would
move to proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is too late to con-
sider executive business to-day, and I am will-
ing to come at once to the close of my speech
if we can come to a vote. If the Senate is ready
to vote I will sit down now. ["No, no."]
Mr. CONNESS. My purpose was not to
interrupt the Senator at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, my
friends will find, when they come to deal with
me on this question, that I am neither to be
driven from the doctrines of the Union party
because they attack me and charge me with
treason, nor am I to be driven from the doc-
trines and the platforms of that party because
the Democracy now resolve in favor of tho
same doctrines and the same platform. I am
neither frightened by the one nor by the other.
I have stood in the midst of rising and dis-
solving parties. I have been at their birth and
at their funeral; and these charges which are
made here upon me of desertion of party are
as the idle wind when I stand by the principles
of the Constitution and those great principles
to which during my life I have been devoted;
and what I say of myself I can say with a
great deal more force of him who is the sub-
ject of continual denunciation in both Houses
of Congress. I refer to the President of the
United States ; a man who acts from convic-
tion, in my judgment; with whom his belief
that a thing is right or a thing is wrong, that a
thing is constitutional or a thing is uncon-
stitutional, is like a religion. He will stand
upon his belief, though you may take him to
the scaffold or the cross. That is the kind of
material that he is made of, and I thank God
for it.
Mr. President, the pending amendment is
based upon the idea of an attack upon the
President of the United States. It means that;
it means nothing else. It grows out of a fear
that the present Executive will exercise the
same power which every Executive has exer-
cised from the beginning of the Government.
It is not founded on principle. It is founded
on a fear that is unfit, iu my judgment, to con-
trol the minds of statesmen in a great crisis.
It is based ujjon the idea of attacking the Pres-
ident, attacking his administration, of throw-
ing around this Executive some kind of cords
or leashes that have never been thrown around
any others. That is the way it originates. It
is unjust toward the President. It is not war-
ranted by anything that he has done, and it is
what we ought not to enter upon or suffer
ourselves to be drawn into.
Mr. NYE. The question before the Senate, if
my memory serves me, is on an amendment to
a bill making appropriations for the Post Office
Department. I think that a stranger, who had
not been present at the time the amendment
was introduced and discussed, would be at a
loss to determine what the question under con-
sideration was for the last two days. As was
suggested by my friend from Oregon, [Mr.
Nesmith,] most of the gentlemen engaged in
the debate have got so far from the post office
that it will trouble them to get their mails.
[Laughter.]
As to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] I have no
particular anxiety, and certainly no fears. It
is a question that I am ready to vote upon. I
am iu favor of the amendment, because I have
always believed since I have been able to re-
flect upon the question that the power of
absolute removal and appointment should bo
limited. I have 110 particular fears, and I men-
tion this to quiet the nerves of my apparently
