54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Smith.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
selves are, with few exceptions, afraid of the
future in reference to this question of universal
suffrage.
Y ou may amend the Constitution ifyou please,
so as to bring this question of negro suffrage
directly before the States, cutting off a part of
their representation, if they will not allow the
black man to vote; but by such attempts you
but irritate and excite the two races, the one
against the other. Having been born in the
South, having been reared in the very midst of
the system of slavery, I believe that the effort
to bestow the right of suffrage upon the negroes
throughout the country is not calculated to pro-
mote their advancement or secure their best
interests. In my own State, I have never met
more than two or three of these people who
asked to be endowed with the right of suffrage.
I received the other day a letter from a negro
who in 1862 was my property; and-in that let-
ter he urges me to resist this effort because of
the prejudice prevailing in this country against
his race. It seems to mo that justice and hu-
manity to these people require that we should
not force this thing too rapidly upon them and
the country.
I go further, and reiterate the sentiment ut-
tered by mo at the last session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, that I am utterly and entirely
opposed to this doctrine of negro suffrage. I
believe that God Almighty never intended that
the white people and the black, two distinct
and antagonistic races, should be copartners in
the management of civil government. Whef her
the negroes have been in slavery or not, the
same rule, in my judgment, equally applies.
It. is useless for man to attempt to accomplish
what nature lias determined shall not exist.
Mexico is suffering to-day because of the won-
derful amalgamation of different races among
her people. Governments under which differ-
ent and distinct races become commingled po-
litically and socially cannot in the very nature
of things endure.
Now, hero is the plain proposition. I care
not how humble or ignorant or poor a white
man may be, when he settles in this country,
with his family around him, every one of the
same class of people recognizes the fact (hat at
some future day (ho little child that totters at
his knee may grow up to be fully the equal in
social and political position of the wealthiest,
the most exalted man in the land. It is a part
of natural law. It was so intended by the
Creator; and you can never bring 'liny man
who wishes to maintain himself as an Anglo-
Saxon willing to consent (o any such thing.
Now, what does voting do? it brings about
most social relations, more than any other kind
of intercourse in the world. A Representative
must talk to his constituents ; he must receive
them in his house ; he must receive them with
open house and w ith politeness ; he must do all
these things. A constituent has the right to
comc inio his house, and sit down in his parlor,
and there talk about the business of state and
all matters connected with the Government.
As the liepresentative and constituent sit and
talk over the affairs of state, the children of
the Representative, playing around, would see
this intercourse and hear all that was said. In
that way there would be such a social relation
as was never intended, and which I believe
would be detrimental to the Government of the
United States.
I say this as an argument to support, my posi-
tion against negro suffrage. I do not believe
t.hat.it -would be wise on the part of the Amer-
ican people at this time. What may be done
in the future I am not able to say. What may
be done twenty-five years from now I am un-
able to foresee.
But, Mr. Chairman, the inconsistency of gen-
tlemen here is a fruitful fact. Men sit on this
floor, largely in the majority, from the various
States, who ask that universal suffrage shall be
imposed on all that section of the country where
slavery abounded and where the blacks are so
large a part of the population, while, in their
own States, where they have only a few blacks,
and those educated, they have persistently re-
fused for twenty-seven years to grant to that
class of their people the right of suffrage. The
Pennsylvania Legislature, now in session, has
just passed by one branch of its body a resolu-
tion instructing the Kepresentativesin Congress
for that State to vote for the bill granting uni-
versal suffrage in the District of Columbia.
Why do not the people in Pennsylvania call a
convention and so amend their constitution as
to allow the twenty or thirty thousand educated
negroes in that State the right to vote? They
will not do it; not a bit of it. They willnot do
it in Illinois. They will not do it in Indiana.
They will not do it in Ohio. They will not do
it in any of those States ; but when they come
to us who have been as loyal as they have, who
have manifested our loyalty as earnestly as any
of them, they say it mustbe as a punishment on
those who have been in the rebellion. If it
alone affected those men [ would not have any-
thing to say ; but while you punish fifty thousand
men in Kentucky who were rebels you punish a
larger number of the other side who newer were
rebels and never for one moment did anything
against the United States.
If you wish to punish men in the South be-
cause they were rebels, why do you not go to
New. York, Pennsylvania, and even Massachu-
setts, and punish those men there who gave aid
to the rebellion and prayed for the overthrow
of the Government? It ought to be done.
Legislation to be just ought to bo equal.
1 hear a great deal said in both branches of
Congress about the condition of the negroes
South and their inability to secure their own
rights. I believe that to be true in part. I
believe whatever legislation is necessary to give
them their rights ought to be passed. I believe
that this Congress would be derelict in its duty
if we did not give that people whatever legis-
lation is necessary for the purpose. If we did
not we would be held responsible before God,
who looks upon us every day. We would be
held responsible in the future if we did not give
them all the protection they ought to have.
But let mo remind you that throughout that
section there is a class for whom we have done
nothing. They have not as yet received any
sympathy upon thisiloor. There are white men
and white women there who are poor, poorer
than the negroes, who have been downtrodden
and cruelly treated from the commencement of
the war because of their love to the Govern-
ment. There are those who lay hid in caves
for weeks and months, and prayed for the re-
turn of the old flag; men who have risen and
wept that they did not see the glorious folds of
the old flag reflecting back the rays oftlie morn-
ing sun. Why should we not afford relief to
these good Union men who are to be found in
the valleys and mountains of the South ? They
were bowed clown for four years and rejoiced
gladly when the Union was restored.
Why, sir, go with me to Tennessee. I love to
talk about it. When General Burnside went to
the lelief of Kuo.wille the roads were so bad
thai Ills teams could not follow him. He said he
must give it up. ''But, no," said the Union peo-
ple in this mountain Stale, "protect us;" and
they came like thepeople of old, with their corn
and their meat and their bread in their laps and
poured them down at the feet of your soldiers.
And ten or fifteen thousand were fed around
the city of Knoxville by these people, the poor,
downtrodden and abused Union men and wo-
men, who, by this magnanimous act, left not a
morse! in (heir houses to eat, their children cry-
ilia: piteously for bread. Who speaks for them?
Who writes anonymous letters to Washington
city for them? Who fills up the newspapers with
letters from the South about these people? You
find them in Alabama, in Louisiana, in Mis-
souri, in this city, and everywhere. You find
them everywhere, without arms, without legs,
without eyes, without property, without a home,
without bread and meat; and yet no sympathy
goes out from the national heart in their behalf.
They go annually to their groat cities of the
dead, created so suddenly and so wickedly by a
desolate war, and they water the sod that covers
the noble brave with their tears. They go to
those places where—
" On fame's eternal camping ground,
Their silent tents are spread,
And glory guards with solemn round
The bivouac of the dead;"
and they pay their tribute ofgra titude to the mem-
ory of those people for bringing back the days of
peace. And yet what are we doing for (hem ?
Nothing. They send up tlieir representatives
here and say, " Will you let us have a voice in the
national council? Will yon allow the philanthro-
pists and patriots who stood up for us, and wept
for us and did all they could for us, to come
and take a seat in Congress and assist in your
legislation? Will you allow Taylor and Cooper
and the rest of our friends who went to the
North, and by their advocacy of the very prin-
ciples we now advocate to-day, gave you suc-
cess in elevating your Chief Magistrate to his
place; will you allow them to come and take
part in your councils and advise with 3-011 as to
what is best to bo done for their iriterests? Will
you let the twenty-nine thousand men of Ten-
nessee who shouldered their guns and inarched
to the front—who went where you dared not
go—will you allow them a voice here as to what
their rights are? Will you let a voice come up
from the dead all over this land saying that
these people have rights to be represented?"
No, no. Why? Because, as the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] remarked (he other
day, they were like 'fray, in bad company.
Sir, if that is the case, if we are all to be tested
by (hat rule, there would not be many of us
here to-day. Fori presume there is not a dis-
trict in the whole country that has not what you
believe to be bad men—copperheads, so called,
rebels at heart. Therefore, if these men by
being in bad company are not. entitled to seats,
neither are you, and yon ought in consistency to
retire.
But strange things come over us. Some men
say that revolutions never go backward; that
this is a progressive age; and that we are to
march on in our career. I, too, believe that
revolutions never go backward. But my judg-
ment is, that sometimes a party that has been
successful as a revolutionary party, so called,
may go so fast and so far that, tbev themselves
become the obnoxious revolutionists and dothe
wrong. There is the danger T apprehend. We
have a groat and good LTnion party in this conn-
try. There are differences of opinion between
us upon some points; but is it not wise, is it
not proper, that wo should so legislate and so
act that we keep that groat party together ? If
you do keep it together: if you do legislate
properly; if you do your duty, it will not, it
cannot break or divide, while you will rejoice
in the expression that revolutions never go
backward.
But, gentlemen, you must remember that the
longer you consult, the longer yon trifle, the
longer you disregard the sentiment of that loyal
people, the greater the danger of making them
enemies of the Government of the United States.
Where are these men to go? Whom are they
to look to? What must they do? "They are
not in the Union"—"they are not out of the
Union." Some of them are entitled to repre-
sentation; some of them are not. What are
you going to do? When are you going to let
them in? When you have a guarantee, you say,
that they will send good men here. They say,
"We have no objections." But they may send
bad men. Well, suppose fifteen years from now
you say you will admit them. They then send
good men. But who can say that they will not
the very next year send bad men? You say
you will fill up the country with emigrants, and
create a large loyal population who will keep
in Congress loyal men and not rebels. But they
too may send bad men; indeed some of the
loyal States have sent bad men to Congress,
and they occupy seats around us.
