18G6.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
Mr. IIUBBELL, of Ohio, resumed the floor.
Mr. VOOR1IEES. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me tliat I may move an adjournment.
Mr. IIUBBELL, of Ohio. I will do so.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IK SENATE.
Monday, January 29, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Alexis Caswell, D. D., of
Providence, Rhode Island.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
petitions axt> mem01uals.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
lias received and been requested to present to
the Senate the petition of James Dale Johns-
ton, of Detroit, in the State of Michigan. The
petition states that the petitioner is a naturalized
citizen of the United States, having been born a
subject of the Crown of Great Britain, and he
suggests that, if he were tn.ken with arms in his
hands in war between the United States and
Great Britain, he wouldbe subject to execution
as a traitor according to the laws of Great Brit-
ain, and he asks thatsuch legislation may be had
on the part of Congress as will protect him as
an American citizen. If there be no objection,
the petition will be received and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It is so referred.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Ohio, in favor of providing,
in all laws which may be passed for the equal-
ization of bounties, the issuing of land warrants,
or for any additional compensation, that the
same may bo paid only to the soldier perform-
ing the service or his heirs ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. RIDDLE presented the petition of Clem-
ent Reeves, a citizen of Delaware, praying Con-
gress to make him due allowance for land taken
from liim by order of the War Department in
1803, upon which a fortification called "Ten
Gun Battery" was erected opposite Fori, Dela-
ware, for the defense of the Delaware river and
the city of Philadelphia, which is still garri-
soned by United States troops and held as a per-
manent fortification; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HA RRIS. I present a memorial of a
large number of citizens of the city of Buffalo,
New York, protesting against the continuance
of the reciprocitv treaty and against any treaty
affecting trade with Canada, and recommend-
ing that Congress shall retain this whole matter
in its own hands, providinglorintereoursewiih
the British Provinces in the same manner, by
tariff, as with foreign nations. I hardly know
what direction this memorial should take, but
I believe that similar memorials have generally
gone to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
I move the reference of this memorial to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Charles Grafton Page, of Washington. District
of Columbia, praying that a patent may be issued
to him for his invention of a magneto-eleetricap-
paratns for administering electricity as a remedy
for diseases, a distinguishing feature of which
invention is an automatic circui tbreaker: which
was lelerred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Monroe county, Pennsylvania, praying for such
an amendment of the Constitution of the United
States as will forever prohibit any State from
making any distinction in civil rights and privi-
leges among citizens of the United States on
account of race or color ; which was referred to
the joint committee to inquire into the condition :
of the so-called confederate State*.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition ofEh<ha
Baxter, late colonel of the fourth regiment Ar-
kanaas mounted infantry, in the service of the ■
United States, praying that the officers and men
of that command may be compensated for ser-
vices rendered and property lost, as .they would
have been had they been mustered on the day
of their respective enlistments ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial from the
St. Paul Board of Trade, asking for the improve-
ment of the upper Mississippi river, and such
arrangements with the British Provinces as will
secure the freedom of the "Welland and St. Law-
rence canals to American vessels, and the en-
largement of those canals by the Canadian gov-
ernment to a capacity sufficient to pass vessels
of one thousand tons burden from Superior or
Chicago to the occan; and also that a confer-
ence by commissioners be held between the
Governments of the United States and the Eng-
lish Provinces on this continent, with a view
to the adjustment, on a liberal and satisfactory
basis, of commercial relations upon the north-
ern frontier of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
IlealsopresentodthepetitionofJ. B. Braden,
William S. Comb, and S. P. and P. F. Hodges,
praying for compensation for articles furnished
by them upon a requisition of the military au-
thorities in Sept ember, 1N612; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
assistant assessors of internal revenue in the
thirtieth district of New York, praying that the
compensation of assistant assessors may be fixed
at four dollars per day : which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Newborn, North Carolina, praying
to be relieved from the payment of retrospective
taxes claimed to bo due under and by virtue of
an ordinance of the convention of North Car-
olina passed and ratified on the 18th of October,
1865; which was referred to the Committee on
the Jndieiary.
Mr. BUClvALEW presented ten petitions,
signed by three hundred and sixty-five non-
commissioned officers and piivates of the vol-
unteer army of the United Stat"s who enlisted
in the years 1801 and 180">, praying for addi-
tional bounty so as to place them on an equal
footing with soldiers who entered the service in
186:) andbSOf: which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
lie also presented the petition of Jacob Tice
and seventy five others, citizens of Marion,
Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying for an
amendment of the internal icvenue laws in
respect to taxes assessed on clothing made to
order by tailors for customers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 have received a preamble
and resolutions passed bv the Legislature of
West Vilginia in favor of the speedy passage
of the bill before Congress m relation to the
annexation of the counties of Berkeley and
Jeffersonto the State of West Virginia, and re-
questing their representatives in both branches
of Congress to use then' efforts to have that done
as speedily as possible. Inasmuch as that bill
has been reported, and is now before the Sen-
ate, I move that those resolutions be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY also presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of West Virginia in
favor of the passage of the lull new pending in
the House of Representatives granting lands to
the State of West \ irgiuia to a>d in the con-
struction of certain railroad*: which were ic-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEKOY presenteda raeinoi ial of the
delegates of the Cherokee nation of Indians,
remonstrating against, the passage of the bill to
consolidate the Indian tribes and to establish
civil government in the Indian Territory, and
praying for indemnity for the loss of their cat-
tle and crops, lo-t during the rebellion, and ior
an equitable settlement for their lands in Kan-
sas : which was: referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS AND ItEl'ERRED.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered. That the bill for the relief of James Baw-
den and the papers relating thereto before the Senate
of the United States, on the 12th of March, A. D.
185S, and now oil file, be taken from the files and laid
before the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of Seth
Eastman, on the files of theSenate, bereferred to the
Committee on Claims.
MESSAGE MOM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPimisox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
193) for the relief of Mrs. William L. ITerndon,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 50) in relation to the Freedmen's
Bureau, have had the same under .considera-
tion and directed me to report it back to the
Senate and ask that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration. As the Senate
lias acted on this subject, I move that the bill
be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. i)5) to grant one million acrcs of public
lands for the benefit of public schools in the
District of Columbia, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a hill (S. No. 48) amending the act
of Congress entitled "An act to restrict the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to pro-
vide for the payment of ceitain demands for
quartermasters' stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United
States," approved July 1, 1864, reported ad-
versely theieon.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDEXT.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. William
G. Moore, his Secretary :
To the Senate of ike, (failed States:
In answer to the resolution of the Senate of
the 17th instant, requesting the President '''to
communicate to the Senate, if in his opinion
not inconsistent with the public interest, any
letters from Major General Sheridan, com-
manding the military division of the Gulf, or
from any other officer of the department of
Texas, in regard to the present condition of
affairs on the southwestern frontier of the Uni-
ted States, and especially in regard to any vio-
lation of neutrality on the part of the army now
occupying the right bank of the Rio Grande,"
! transmit herewith a report fioni the Secietary
of War bearing date the I'-tth instant.
Concurring in his opinion thai the publica-
tion of the correspondence at this time is not
consistent with the public interest, the papers
referred to in the accompanying report are for
the present withheld.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Wasiiixotox, January '-!(>, 1800.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the message
was refen ed to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and ordered to be printed.
notice of a hill.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making it a penal
offense to form Jacobin clubs or other organ-
izations to control the legislation of Congress,
or the proceedings of either of the two Houses
of Congress.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1012) to incorporate the National Mutual
Protection Homestead Company; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit•
