1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The introduction of the carrier system was
an experiment, and it has been, as the House
understands, of recent date ; and thus far the
system has worked admirably everywhere, un-
less it may be iii the city of New York, where,
if there are any just grounds of complaint, I
trust and believe they may soon be removed.
Mr. STEVEN'S. 1 move to strike out the
item in line twenty-three, page 2 :
For office stamps, $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and the same arc hereby, appropriated for
the year ending June 30,18G7, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
For the mail steamship service between the United
States and Brazil, $150,000.
Mr. WASHBU11NB, of Illinois. I desire to
know if this appropriation of $150,000 for sub-
sidizing that mail line is in accordancc with
existing law; if we are required to vote that
full amount.
Mr. KASSOJT. In connection with the an-
swer to that inquiry I move to insert after the
word "sums" the words "or so much thereof
as may be necessary."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IvASSOiST. This appropriation is in
aecordanec with the law that authorized the
United States, in connection with Brazil, to
arrange for a mail service between a port of
the United States and a port in Brazil. We-
were required to pay a sum not exceeding
$150,000 for our part of the expenses. The
law was complied with and a contract was
made for the building of the steamers. They
are built, and they commenced running at the
close of the year, and are now running between
the city of New York and Ilio Janeiro. And
this provision is to carry out the duty on the
part of the United States of paying its portion
of the expenditure.
But I have ascertained that the Government
of Brazil have not yet made the corresponding
appropriation. It may have been done, but
the Department is not yet advised of it. It is
necessary, therefore, to make the appropria-
tion.
_ Mr. WASIIBURXE, of Illinois. I would
like to know how this operation commenced.
It was ^lic understanding that it should be done
jointly. If Bni^.il has not done her part what
call is there upon us to do ours before we get
anything from that Government to put the line
in motion?
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that an amend-
ment bo made by adding the words,'! so soon as
Brazil complies with its part of the contract."
Mr. JC ASSON". That amendment would be
unnecessary. The act itself contains a limita-
tion as to the time of payment. This is simply
to provide for it under that law, and it makes
no appropriation unless the law has been car-
ried into effect. And the law lias been carried
into effect so far as building the steamers is
concerned.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For the mail steamship service between San Fran-
cisco, Japan, and China, tor six months ending June
30, 1867, $250,000.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. I would
inquire if under existing laws we are required to
appropriate annually for this service $500,000.
Jlr. KASSON. Distinctly, under the law
of the last Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir, I remember it
very well. As the law is so,we must make the
appropriation whether we like it or not.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it expected to have the
steamships go into operation during the coming
fiscal yo&rV
Mr. STEVENS. So I understand.
Mr. KASSON. The intimation from the De-
partment is that the steamships win probably
commence running the last ball of the next
"fiscal year.
The reading of the bill having been con-
cluded,
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee
rise and report to the House bills Nos. 261
and 280, with the amendments made by the
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, having had under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 261) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1867,
and for other purposes, and also the bill (H.
ii. No. 280) making ap]3ropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1807, and for
other purposes, had directed him to report the
same with sundry amendments, and a recom-
mendation that the bills pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the House to take
a vote on bill No. 280, and let the other go over.
1 ask the previous question on bill No. 280.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being read the tliird
time, it was passed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote bj' which the bill was passed, and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of bill of the House No. 261, making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1867, and for other purposes, re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union with amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the vote on the
bill be postponed until to-morrow.
immigration of foreign criminals.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, by unanimous
consent, joint resolution of the Senate No. 45,
protesting against pardons by foreign Gov-
ernments of persons convicted of infamous
offenses on condition of emigrating to the
United States, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
james stott.
Mr. BANKS also, by unanimous consent,
presented a communication from the Secretary
of State, transmitting correspondence on the
subject of the arrest of James Stott by the au-
thorities of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
boundaries op nevada.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, bill of the Senate No.
155, concerning the boundaries of the State of
Nevada, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
indian affairs.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No. 204, to provide
for an annual inspection into Indian affairs,
and for other purposes, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr, WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
correction of the journal.
Mr. ANCONA. I desire to have a correc-
tion made in the Journal of to-day. I find
that I am recorded as not voting yesterday on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
loan bill waa lost. I did vote in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER.. Has the gentleman exam-
ined the Journal?
Mr. ANCONA. No, sir; only the report in
the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the gentleman's vote is not recorded on
the Journal, and the Journal will be corrected
accordingly.
PAY OP ARMY VOLUNTEER NURSES.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to secure pay under certain circum-
stances to Army volunteer nurses; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DEIGGSalsopresentedapetition signed
by Lieutenant General Grant, Major General
Augur, Surgeon General Barnes, and some
twenty other officers in favor of the object of
the bill; which was likewise referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
RAILROAD EXTENSION.
Mr. WELKER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to authorize the extension,
construction, and use by the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company of a railroad from be-,
tween Knoxville and Monocacy Junction into
and within the District of Columbia.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I object
unless the bill can be read.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. And I
object to the reading.
And then, on motion of Mr. THAYER, (at
ten minutes to five o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. BAXTlilt: The petition of J. S. Morrill, and
others, of Franklin. V ermont, asking increase of duties
on foreign wool.
By Mr. BOUTWELIi: Thepctitionof ZibaGay, and
others, citizens of Chelmsford, Massachusetts, asking
for an amendment of tho tariff.
By Mr. ISliOOJl ALL: The petition of numerous
manufacturers, mechanics, and laborers, citizens of
Ma.nayunk, in thecity of Philadelphia, praying for a
change in tho tariff laws so as to afford adequate pro-
tection to American industry.
By Mr. OULLOM: A petition signed by a large
number of citizens of Logan county, in the State of
Illinois, praying tor tho passage ot just and equal
laws lor the regulation of intcr-Stato insurances of
all kinds.
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of Michael O'Con-
nell, one of tlic crew of the Indianola, praying indem-
nity for the loss of clothing amounting to sixty dol-
lars by the capture of said vessel on the Mississippi
river by tho enemy.
Also, the petition of George A. MeCleary.and 509
others, citizens and wool-growers of the thirteenth
congressional district, Ohio, praying Congress to enact
such duty on foreign wools as to give equal protection
to tho wool-growers of this country with that now
given to woolen manufacturers.
Also, the petition of i>. S. Humrickhousc, and 100
others, citizens and wool -growers of Coshocton county,
Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of Waldo Taylor, and 6 others,
insurance .agents of Newark, Ohio, praying Congress
to regulate the laws of insurance between the States.
By Mr. EGGLEST0N: The petition of W.Y. Ghol-
son, andl5others, attorneys, oi'Cincinnati, Ohio, pray-
in^ lor an increase of salaries of district judges.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Ordnance Sergeant
Robert Grainger, United States Army, for compen-
sation for property destroyed by the rebels at Bar-
rancas barracks while in the line of his duty as ord-
nance officer at said post.
Also, five petitions of citizens of Ksscx county, Now
York, for protection to American labor.
Also, remonstrance of NT. Lapham, and others, cit-
izens of Clinton county, New York, against renewal
of the reciprocity treaty. ~
By Mr. HUBBARD, of New \ork: The petition
of Messrs. Scott & Conway, of Norwich, -New York,
praying that the duty on barley imported irom Can-
ada and the British Provinces in iNorthAmericainay
not exceed the duty of five cents per bushel.
Bv Mr. INGEBSOLti The petition of William
Secley, J. li. Batcheldor, C. B. Newton, J. I. lhumas,
and others, of Chilliootho, Illinois, for the enlarge-
ment of the Michigan and Illinois canal and tho na-
provement of the Illinois river, &c.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The memorial of R. W. Evans
k Co and Willard k Watcrbury, for the admission
of barley from Canada at a moderate rate of duty.
By Mr. MILLER: A petition of mechanics and
laborers in American manufacturing establishments
atManayunk, Philadelphia, to have tho tariff amend-
ed for the protection of labor.
By Mr. MOORHKAD: A memorial from citizens
of West Virginia, praying for the passage of a law
relating to insurance companies.
