I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2495
agitated friend from Wisconsin, that the pres-
ent President would abuse this function. I do
not believe that the simple removal or appoint-
ment of an officer gives much additional
strength to him, but I know from sad expe-
rience that it brings a horde of additional
weaknesses.
I would not occupy a moment in this debate
after it has been so long protracted were it not
for the fact that I have been an ardent and
earnest supporter of the Union party of this
nation. I was born into the parly that begot
it, as early as the distinguished champion of
all the Presidents, the Senator from Wisconsin.
I entered this list in 1848, and the Senator
from Wisconsin was with me in that early
struggle.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me, I will state that I drew up in
the convention at Syracuse, New York, and
introduced the "corner-stone" on which the
Free-soil organization of 1848 Was founded.
Mr. NYE. Itis quite likely thatthe Senator
drew it, as ho is the author of most good things,
in his own judgment. Whoever drew it, or
whoever introduced it, I believed it then and
hava ever since. As the Senator has drawn
me into this point, he will pardon mo for say-
ing that there was a period when he slipped a
little off the "corner-stone," in the State of
Wisconsin, and was elected by the Democratic
party a judge in that State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say to the
gentleman that the Democratic party in the
State of Wisconsin had adopted that corner-
stone resolution as a part of its creed.
Mr. NYE. Quite likely, and it has not
adhered to it much longer than the gentleman
did. When I read that, knowing he was the
author of the corner-stone, I asked myself the
question that was asked Peter when the Saviour
came from the garden and found him off guard,
whether he could not watch with me one hour.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have watched almost
twenty years for this, and fought for the vic-
tory, too.
Mr. NYE. I understand perfectly well the
history and origin of the Union party, and its
faithful servants. I say I should not have been
drawn into this discussion now were it not for
the sensitiveness that I feel in regard to the
honor of that party. Sir, since the formation
of parties in this country there has been no
Earty, and there never will be another, that
as crowned itself with as unfading glory as
the Union party of this nation. I admire all
of its adherents, and the Senate will bear me
witness that in the heat of all this debate I
have not uttered one word prejudicial to the
integrity, honor, or loyalty of the distinguished
gentleman of whom my friend from Wiscon-
sin appears to be the special guardian. I am
going to watch, and while I watch I shall not
forget to pray that he never may be guilty of
that unpardonable error, that one unpardon-
able sin of bringing a wound or a stain upon
the character of that party that has elevated
him to the proudest position on earth. I am
going to watch, not without anxiety, to see
who brings the first wound upon this party
that has saved the nation, and has given to the
world a lively demonstration of the word that
my distinguished friend from Pennsylvania said
he had been looking for, liberty.
Having forgotten the principle he had for-
gotten also the name, [laughter,] and I was
glad that he read an anti-slavery paper to find
the word that he had been so long looking for,
liberty. To him it was lost. I advise him to
consult more the anti-slavery papers to refresh
his memory upon the principles on which he
was sent to this Senate.
Mr. President, it seems to be the especial
charge of the Senator from Wisconsin to defend
the President. One year ago last February I
came into this august body, and the first speech
I listened to was a speech from my distinguished
friend defending Mr. Lincoln; the last one I
have listened to is defending Mr. Johnson; and
if the angel of death should spread his wings
over the vVhite House to-night and another
President were to come in to-morrow, I sup-
pose the first speech we should hear after that
sad event would be one in defense of the in-
coming or the in-come President.
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly, if he was
right and was attacked.
Mr. NYE. I do not need any indorser.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And I should defend
the Senator from Nevada if he were unjustly
attacked.
Mr. NYE. Thank you for that. Sir, there
is something the matter, or my friends from
Pennsylvania and from Wisconsin would not
be so nervous.  There is some parting of old
ties; there is something in the breeze that they
snuff; there is something in the signs of the
times that agitates them, for my oracular friend
from Pennsylvania is never moved by usual
breezes. As his colleague said, ho was elevated
above the breezes of the earth and shook the
flag of some department here so high that the
winds did not affect it. [Laughter.] Then,
sir, it becomes us to inquire what is the matter.
I have heard it rumored thatthe President was
not acting in consonance with Congress. I
presume that same rumor has reached the ears
of his two distinguished champions here, or
they would not be so ready in his defense. If
that be true, what is.the reason? What has
Congress done? Over and over again I have
heard it reiterated—and my distinguished col-
league chimed in beautifully the other day with
that—that Congress had done nothing. Then
the sin of Congress is the sin of omission, not
of commission.
Now, I wish to ask my distinguished friend
from Wisconsin a question. Did he expect,
t when this country was turned upside down, when
it was upheaved in every part, that it would
be quieted anfl settled by the word either of
Congress or the President? When it has been
tossed on the stormy billows of a tempestuous
sea for four years, and when the storm that
woke those billows had been gathering for
thirty years or more, did my distinguished
friend, who boasts so much of his faith, ever
believe he could step forth upon those troubled
waters and with a word speak peace and quiet
to an upheaved continent? If his faith leads
him up to that point, mine never has so led
me. I have expected that long months and
perhaps long years would be necessary to heal
and cicatrize the wounds that this wicked re-
bellion imposed upon us; and whoever has
dreamed that "my policy" or yours was to
calm the troubled waters in a day has dreamed
of a thing as impossible as for the Senator
from Wisconsin to speak a world into exist-
ence.
Peace, said the distinguished Senator, is
what the country wants and demands. Sir,
peace, with all her beauties, was what we had
when this wicked storm was evoked by spirits
as devilish as they who heated the furnace
seven times hot through which Meshach, Sha-
drach, and Abed-nego passed. They lighted the
lurid torch of war. Were the Republicans to
blame for that? My distinguished friend says,
and no doubt truly, that he had the honor of
making the first speech for the congressional
amendment, though I have searched the Globe
carefully and cannot find it; the index does
not give it; but I ask him, had he any part in
evoking this war ? No. Had the Republican
or Union party any part in it? No. They
walked steadily forward in the pathway of
constitutional right and elected a President in
accordance with the provisions of the Consti-
tution. I had labored with my friend from
1848 to produce that result, and often have I
heard his eloquent notes—and when I say they
were out in their full force anybody who was
not within hearing it was not worth while to
summon, for he was not within the jurisdiction
of the court [laughter]—loud, sonorous, long,
showing the wicked iniquity of the slave-
holders, predicting with prophetic certainty
precisely what would oecur, that in the end
if they would not listen to the charmer it
would result in bloody war.
Sir, that war has come, by no aid, by no part
taken by the Union party of this country. Who
did do it? The rebels. My friend undertakes
to show from the Baltimore platform that when
they had complied with a certain condition
which he read, the war should be over. Sir,
a platform is a kind of constitution for a party;
it never goes into special enactments. I do
not suppose that the Baltimore platform any
more than the Chicago platform—if it is proper
to use that expression now-—attempted to set-
tle the details and point out the manner in
which this controversy should be settled.
And right here, sir, let me say, that my
friend, in order to a successful defense of tho
present Executive, deems it important over
and over again in this body to show that he is
treading in the footsteps of his illustrious pred-
ecessor. Once for all I wish to say that Mr.
Lincoln had no policy upon the reconstruction
of these States based upon the condition of
things when we mourned his untimely taking
off. He had tried the Louisiana policy of one
tenth of loyal men, and the result demonstrated
that the policy of allowing one out of ten to
govern a State was a fallacy. He was honest
at the time in attempting to gather in from this
wild waste of States some one that was loyal
and would come back. The effort was lauda-
ble and commendable, but it failed. Beyond
that, I assert, from the nature of things, that
Mr. Lincoln had no policy. The shouts of
rejoicing had not yet died away; this nation
was literally intoxicated with joy over the sur-
render of the wicked foe ; and while we were
in the midst of this rejoicing, even his self-
poised mind was incapable of framing and had
not time to frame a policy upon the condition
of things at the period of that surrender.
Sir, if I had any fault to find with the Presi-
dent, whom the Senator has so ably defended,
it would be this; that having started out to
establish what he called in his message an
experiment, it has now become a settled pol-
icy, and whoever differs from that policy is
alien from him and from the Union party. I
have never come to the conclusion that all of
the head or heart of the Union party was in
one man. I have never had an aspiration to
imagine how I would feel if I were President;
but it seems to me that if I were, I should come
here to this Chamber and to the other end of
the Capitol, or send for them to come to me,
the selected representatives of a great party,
and see what it was best to do under the cir-
cumstances. I can pick twenty men in this
circle who arc not inferior in intelligence or
less earnest or honest in their convictions than
the President of the United States. I can point
out twenty men in this circle who have kept
their fingers upon every position of the Union
parly from the time it was born until it was
victorious—men that have watched it and its
interests while the present Chief Magistrate of
this nation was denouncing its organization. I
make no war with him on that subject. I thank
God that if he is born again, it was not to
oppose but to share in its glories ; but above
all men on this earth, he should be the last to
tarnish its luster or weaken its power. I do
not say that he is going to do it, but there are
a few suspicious circumstances.
My friend from Delaware, [Mr. Sablsbury]
—and I know ho will pardon me for alluding
to him—but a few months ago was hurling all
manner of anathemas at Mr. Lincoln, and in
doing so he honestly conceived that he was
right. What has put a new„song in his mouth
when your President and mine is pursuing
exactly Lincoln's policy? The moment that!
make rebels feel good with any political action
of mine—and I have no reference to my friend
from Delaware—I shall think that I have done
something wrong.
Sir, the day has not arrived when the chief
executive officer of this nation constitutes the
nation. I read in my younger days, with some
satisfaction, that that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States was the breathing, vital, living power
of this nation, that spoke laws into existence
and blotted them out; that it was a selection as
well chosen in other States as in Wisconsin,
