472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jairaaiy 29,
tee on the District of Colombia, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HARRIS. On t,lie first day of the pres-
ent session I introduced a bill to reorganize the
•judiciary of the United States. Several other
Dills similar in their character have been intro-
duced—one by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] another by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. HEMBfesoK.j I have corresponded
pretty extensively with the judges of the north-
ern States on the subject; I have taken their
suggestions; I have availed myself of the other
bills; and I have reconstructed the bill I origi-
nally introduced, and I now ask leave to intro-
duce it as a new bill. It will be more conven-
ient to have it in that shape than to introduce
it as an amendment to one of the other bills,
and I therefore ask leave to introduce a new
bill for the purpose of having it printed and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
There being no objection, leave was given to
introduce a bill (S. No. 103) to reorganize the
iudiciary of the United States ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 104) to promote military education ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by uuanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
N'o. 105) to grant the right of way to the Cas-
cade Railroad Company through a military re-
serve in Washington Territory; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Miliiary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
106) to protect citizens of the United States in
their civil and political rights ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the reading of
that bill in full.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to hear it.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
WhcrcasthcConstitution of the United States abol-
ishes slavery in all tin; States find Territories of the
United States, wheroby all constitutions, laws, or reg-
ulations of any Btato or Territory m aid of slavery,
or growing out of the same, are null ;uid void ; ami
whereas by virtue of said abolition of slavery all men
in ail the States ftnd Territories are eitr/.ens and en-
titled to all the rights and privileges of citizen?,, sub-
ject only to the legal disabilities applicable, to white
persons: and whereas it is also expie.^sly provided
that. Congress shall have power to enforce by appro-
priate legislation the aforesaid power abolishing ^lu-
veiy, which cannot be done without proio.eting ell
citizens agonist all restncl ions, penalties, or depri-
vations of right resulting from slavciv. and securing
to them nil their civil and political righu, including
the elective franchise,: Therefore,
Ha it ntat-u-d, (£v\, Tha i, no ytato or Territory of the
TJnit ed States shall, "by any constitution, law, or other
regulation whatever, heretofore m force or hereafter
to bo adopted, mako or enforce, or m any manner
recognize, any distinction between citizens of the
United States, or of any Stsif e orTetritory, on account
of race, color, oi condition, and that hereafter all cit-
izens of the Uniled State-', withoutdUt met ion of race,
color, or condition, shall lie proieeted in (be, full ami
equal enjoyment ofall their civ il and political rights,
including the rijdit of suffrage.
Mr. YATES. 1 move that the bill be printed,
and referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 107) to provide for a term of the district
court for the district of Minnesota, to be holdeti
at the city of Winona, in said district ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
108) to increase the number of cadets in, and
to raiso the standard of admission to, the Mili-
tary Academy: which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed,
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous \
consent obtained, loave to introduce a bill (S. '
No. 109) to rescind the order of the President I
designating the Sioux City and Pacific Railroad
Company to construct the branch of the Union
Pacific railroad from Sioux City; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 110) for the relief of Samuel D. Le
Compt; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 25) tendering the thanks of
Congress to Vice Admiral David G. Farragut,
and to the officers, petty officers, seamen, and
marines under his command for their gallantry
and good conduct in the action in Mobile bay
on the 5th August, 1804 ; which was read twice
by its title, and refened to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
improvement of public grounds.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which Was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
liciolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be directed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of an appropriation for improving, grading,
planting, draining, and inclosing the public grounds
nj tho city of Washington, to be expended under tho
direction of the President of the United States in the
execution of such plan or plans as he may adopt, and
including also a plan lor the extension, improvement,
and inclo.-,ure of the grounds around the Capitol build-
ing.
ItOCSE iutjtj KEfERRlSB.
The bill from the Uouse of Representatives
(IT. U. No. 1'.);!) for fhe relief of Mrs. William
L. Ilerndon, was read twice by its titlo, and
referred to the Committee on Patenfs and the
Patent Office.
house uailkoad ix michigan.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (II. R. No. 53) authorizing
the Secretary of War to grant the use of a por-
tion of military reserve on St. Clair river, in the
Stale of Michigan, for railroad purposes, have
directed me to report it back to the Senate
without amendment, and as it is a small matter
and is of some little importance to the people
in that locality, 1 am instructed to ask for its
present consideration.
The 1? RESIDE NT pro tempore. 11 requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution on the day it is reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear what
it is about.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
Tho Secretary read the joint resolution, which
authorizes the Secretary of War to grant to
Ouerdon O. Williams, of fhe city of Detroit, in
tho Slate of Michigan, and his associates, the
use of so much of the military rosene on the
St. Clair liver, in theState of Michigan, known
as the site of Port (Irafiof, us is nccessary for
extending a horse railroad from Port Huron
City to f he depot, of the Port Huron and Detroit
railroad, at such rental and upon such terms
and conditions as to him may seem proper, re-
serving to tho United States, however, the right
of removing the rails, ties, and other parts of
the road whenever the Secretary of War shall
direct, without any claim or right for damages
on the part of Williams and his associates, or
their legal representatives.
Thore being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply state to Sen-
ators that the depot of this Port Huron and
Detroit railroad is about a mile and a half from
the village. In order to accommodate the people
of the place, a horse railroad has been incor-
porated, and it is necessary that that railroad
should pass over a portion of this land. The
land is not used ; it can do no harm to grant
tliis privilege, but the Secretary of War thought
be had not the pov er to order it or to direct it to
bo dono. This resolution gives that authority,
reserving^ the United States the right to take
up the railway at any time whenever the Secre-
tary of War shall so direct. I hope the joint
resolution will be passed. It will be for the ben-
efit of the people of that locality, and do the
Government no harm whatever.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
collection of soldiers' claims.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate hill
No. 88, to restrictthe expenses of collecting sol-
diers' claims against the Government.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the first amendment reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia to the first section of the bill, which
will be read.
Mr. CLARIv. Before the question is taken
on the amendments to that section, unless some
Senator desires it, I wish to move an amend-
ment, which is acceptable to the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, striking out
the whole of that section after the enacting
clause, and inserting in lieu thereof what I send
to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire will be read for information.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment;
which was to strike out all of the first section
after the enacting clause, in the following
words:
That the foes of agents and attorneys for making
out and causing to be executed the papers necessary
to establish any claim of any commissioned officer or
enlisted man of the regular Aimy, volunteers, or mi-
litia. forces when called into tho service of the United
States, and for collecting such claim for bounty, ar-
rears of pay, or other allowances, shall in no case
exceed ten dollars: Prvoidvd, That lite expenses in-
curred in acknowledging the necessary affidavits in
such Maims be tore a notary public, justice of the peace,
or other public officer, shall be defrayed by the claim-
ant, but shall in no case exceed tho actual amount
established by law for such acknowledgments.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the fees of agents and attorneys for making
out and causing to bo executed the necessary papers
and for establishing and collecting any claim against
the United States for bounty, arrears of pay, allow-
ances, or gratuities for military service, whether duo
to the person performing_suc.il service, bis heirs, as-
signs, oi legal i epre^ental h es, shall in no ca^e exceed
ten dollars unless the accounting officer alfowint'such
claim shall, on application, certify a iurther sum to
be just and proper.
Mr. CLARK. The object of the amendment
is to provide for certain eases wdiere the amount
of the fee to be paid may bo larger than ten dol-
lars, butitis not to be paid unless the account-
ing officer who examines the claim certifies that
it is just and proper. The provision limiting
the fees to ten dollars will include undoubtedly
very much the largest portion of the claims,
and probably that sum is quite sufficient, and 1
give my support entirely to it. because there
have been great enormities practiced by these
claim agents ; but still there is a class of cases,
few in number, which may be provided for in
tho way suggested by this amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I am very willing to accept
or assent to that amendment. I have made
some inquiries in regard to it, and I find that
there will be no difficulty in tho matter. The
other day I consulted with the Second Auditor
on the subject, and he is of the opinion that the
amendment will be practical in its operations,
and I am perfectly willing to accept it. There
may be the eases of some officers, and perhaps of
a few privates, where the labor performed will
be of more value than ten dollars, and ill such
a case the accounting officer may certify to the
fact: but, as the Auditor says, where there will
be one ease of that kind, there will be thirty
where the ten-dollar fee will be ample ; and I
have no doubt that in the administration of the
law the accounting officers will be careful not
to ccit.ify anything unless it is absolutely neces-
sary.
