56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Amendment of the Constitution—Mr. Julian.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
form within the meaning of our Constitution.
True, it may happen that these results will not
always follow, and that while a Government
maybe republican in form it may not be wholly
so in substance; yet this would be an exception
that would prove the correctness of the general
principle.
Now, let us turn again to the principles em-
braced in theproposed amendmentand see how
they square with those upon which our Govern-
ment is founded. You propose to withdraw
the whole colored population and substitute in
lieu thereof only the white population of the
District as the basis of representation. Letus
apply this rule to the State of South Carolina,
and, for the purposes of illustration, assume that
the whole population of that State is equally
divided between the races, white and black.
Under the Constitution as it is members of Con-
gress are apportioned to the whole population,
and they are represented accordingly. This you
change, and allow only the white population to
form the basis of representation. Unless the
voters of this class of persons extend the elect-
ive franchise to the negroes, one half of the
entire population is at once proscribed from
being represented. The ordinary ratio of voters
is to the whole population as one is to five, and
hence only one half of the whole population
would be represented; and this is gravely pro-
posed , so that the guarantee of the Constitution
to that State of a government republican in
form may be made good for all time to come.
Are these voters, who arc but one tenth of the
population, and who are, by the express terms
of this amendment, separated in interest from,
and made wholly independent of, the other live
tenths, regarded with their white constituency
as the Commonwealth of South Carolina—the
respublica1 If not, then your amendment will
force upon that State a government that is not
republican in form. Is not this plucking up the
tares to the entire destruction of the wheat ?
And let me again remark, that the principle
being the same for all the States, its application
will be the same except as to the extent of the
proscription. And as to the southern States,
gentlemen say they have their remedy. Lot
them make their negroes voters and the rule
will not operate so harshly upon them. Will
they do it? Andif not who will be thesuffcrers,
they or the negroes? Were I a southern man,
1 am very free to say that I would do no such
thing. I would sooner extend the elective fran-
chise to all white male inhabitants, naturalized
a-nd unnaturalized, without either property or
tax qualification, and by this means I would
swell the basis of representation by inviting to
those States the whole tide of European immi-
gration.
By this means I would hold the poisoned
chalice to the lips of those who would prepare
it for and present it to me, and then we would
have the northern States sheltering themselves
behind the very same obnoxious remedy that
they are trying to force upon those of the South.
The consequences of this course arc so inevi-
table that I am forced to the conclusion that
gentlemen are either unconscious of what they
are doing or that this is .one of the moans by
which they intend to force negro suffrage upon
the North as well as South, as it is—■
Provided, That whenever the elective franchise
shall bo denied or abridged in any State on account
of race or color, all personsof such race or colorshall
bo excluded from the basis of representation.
What would be its effect in Pennsylvania?
Take the fourteenth district, in which is the city
ofHarrisburg, and which, like all capital towns,
has a large negro population. Unless the negroes
were made voters that district would have to be
enlarged to a greater area to embrace a suffi-
cient population to entitle it to a member ; and
so the people of that district would be shorn
of their representation here. And so of the
Chester district, where a large Quaker popu-
lation has drawn together a large population
of negroes. The people of these and similar
districts would be compelled to either suffer
in their representation or coin voters out of
negro material.
Are gentlemen prepared to introduce so great
an innovation upon the American system of
self-government? Our fathers took their stand
between an absolute democracy on the one hand
and a class aristocracy on the other, and they
did this by making our Government a represent-
ative democracy, having for its basis the whole
population of the country consenting to be so
governed.
I l^now not what others may do or prefer to
do, but as for myself, the form of Government
handed do wn to us by the fathers is good enough
for me. As an American citizen I accept the
inheritance in the form it is given, and acknowl-
edge the patriotic obligation resting upon ns all
that we should not alter or change it in any
material way, but transmit it to our posterity
unimpaired, to be perpetuated forever.
Holding these views and being governed by
these motives, I shall steadily oppose all amend-
ments to the Constitution which tend to alter
the fundamental principles upon which it is
based. Rather than adopt these alterations as
amendments I would enlarge the constitutional
oath to be administered to all Federal officers
so as to require them, like the President, to ob-
ligate themselves not only to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, but to protcet
and defend it from all revolutionary reformers
from within, as well as open and avowed enemies
from without.
Sir, let me appeal to this House and to the
country that this is not a proper period in our
political history to make these great alterations.
Let us be forewarned and admonished of the
great danger that always attends hasty and in-
considerate legislation, and most especially that
kind of legislation that becomes from its su-
premo and irrepealable character the funda-
mental law of the land. Changes are not always
reforms, and this is no time to make experi-
ments. Our fathers waited many years after
the close of the war and their independence was
acknowledged before they undertook to form a
more perfect Union and Government, and the
great growth and prosperity of our country bear
everlasting witness to the wisdom of their course.
Let the passions and the excitements that lashed
the skies in one vast blaze of fury and frenzy
have ample time to cool, so that whatever we
may do will be done in a spirit of true patriot-
ism and love for the whole country, and not in
that miserable spirit of sectional and partisan
interest, envy, jealousy, hatred, and revenge
that seems to pervade these propositions to al-
ter, by way of amendment, the very foundations
upon which our American system of govern-
ment is laid.
Let us do this, and our country will remain
the pride and glory of our race, a home and
an asylum for the oppressed of all lands, and
our form of Government a model for the whole
world. Let us do this, and our names will be-
held in grateful remembrance by generations
yet unborn.
Amendment of the Constitution.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. JULIAN,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 29, 1866.
The House having under consideration the joint
resolution reported by the committee on reconstruc-
tion for the amendment of the Constitution of the
United States—
Mr. JULIAN said*
Mr. Speaker : Before this debate shall be con-
cluded I desire to submit some observations
which I (Jeem important, and which I respect-
fully commend to the consideration of those who
advocate the proposition reported by the joint,
committee of fifteen. How I shall finally cast'
my vote on that proposition I cannot now cer-
tainly decide. I find difficulties in my path; and
I shall feel much obliged to any gentleman who
may be able and willingto clear them away, and
thus, perhaps, assist others on this floor in reach-
ing ajustconclusion. I shouldregret exceedingly
to separate myself from those with whom I habit-
ually act here, by opposing the measure referred
to,\ and I must not do so without recording my
reasons; and these reasons, in so far as they
possess weight, may serve as my protest against
whatever isobjectionableinthatmeasure, should
its modification be found impracticable, and F
should finally give it my support as the best thing
within our power.
Under the constitutional injunction upon the
United States to guaranty a republican form of
governmentto every State, I believe the power
already exists in the nation to regulate the right
of suffrage. It can only exercise this power
through Congress; and Congress, of course,
must decide what is a republican form of gov-
ernment, and when the national authority shall
interpose against State action, for the purpose
of executing the constitutional guarantee. No
one will deny the authority of Congress to de-
cide that if a State should disfranchise one
third, one half, or two thirds of her citizens,
such State would cease to be republican, and
might be required to accept a different rule of
suffrage. If Congress could intervene in such
a case, it could obviously intervene in any other
case in which it might deem it necessary or
proper. It certainly might decide that the dis-
franchisement by a State of a whole race of
people within her borders is inconsistent with
a republican form of government, and in their
behalf, and in the execution of its own author-
ity and duty, restore them to their equal right
with others to the franchise. It might decide,,
for example, that in North Carolina, where
631,000 citizens disfranchise 331,000, the gov-
ernment is not republican, and should be made
so by extending the franchise. It might do the
same in Virginia, where 719,000 citizens dis-
franchise 533,000; in Alabama, where 596,000
citizens disfranchise 437,000; in Georgia, where
591,000 citizens disfranchise 465,000; in Lou-
isiana, where 357,000 citizens disfranchise
350,000; in Mississippi, where 353,000 citizens
disfranchise 436,000; and in South Carolina,
where only201,000 citizens disfranchise 411,000.
Can any man who reverences the Constitution
deny either the authority or the duty of Con-
gress to do all this in the execution of the
guarantee named? Or if the 411,000 negroes
in South Carolina were to organize a govern-
ment, and disfranchise her 291,000 white citi-
zens, would anybody doubt the authority of
Congress to pronounce such government anti-
republican, and secure the ballot equally to
white and black citizens as the remedy? Or
if a iState should prescribe as a qualification
for the ballot such an ownership of property,
real orp'ersonal, as would disfranchise the great
body of her people, could not Congress most
undoubtedly interfere? So of an educational
test, which might fix the standard of knowledge
so high as to place the governing power in the
hands of a select few. The power in all such
cases is a reserved one in Congress, to be exer-
cised according to its own judgment, with no
accountability to any tribunal save the people;
and without such power the nation would be at
the mercy of as many oligarchies as there are
States. Nationality would only be possible by
the permission of the States.
The same authority, Mr. Speaker, is claimed
by eminent jurists under the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, and giving Con-
gress the power, by "appropriatelegislation,"
to " enforce" the provision. The word "ap-
propriate '' appeals to legislative discretion, and
the word "enforce" implies such compulsory
measures as Congress may deem "appropriate"
for the purpose of ridding the country of every
vestige of slavery, in form and in fact. " There
can be no denial," said Chief Justice Parson?
