1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Amendment of the Constitution—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Reps.
not long since, "that when this whole amend-
ment shall be adopted Congress will have the
constitutional power—be its exercise of this
power wise or unwise—to rend slavery out from
our whole country, root and branch, leaf and
fruit, and guard effectually against its return in
any form, or under any guise, or to any extent.''
The nation, in other words, having given free-
dom to four million people, can make that
freedom a blessing by conferring it in substance,
well as in name. It not only can do this,
but is sacredly bound to do it. The right to
freedom carries with it the right of way to it,
and that right of way is the ballot. Without it the
freedom of these people is a delusion and a lie.
The freedmen of the South are not free, and
cannot/be, when left to the domination of their
former masters, exasperated by their defeat in
a war which outraged civilization by thus aim-
ing to perpetuate their rule. I need not argue
this proposition, because no man can dispute
it without ignoring the most obvious principles
of human nature, and closing his eyes to well-
authenticated facts of recent occurrence in the
island of Jamaica and in the States lately in
revolt. Sir, every gentleman on this floor knows
what a shadow and a mockery is the freedom
thus far vouchsafed to the millions now declared
free by the Constitution, and that to commit
their fortunes to the tender mercies of white
rebels would be like committing the lamb to
the jaws of the wolf. But if I am right, then
Congress could unquestionably place the ballot
in the hands of the loyal freedmen, and thus
arm them with the power of self-defense, and
save them from a condition of pitiless serfdom,
in comparison with which slavery in its old forin
would be a blessing. I ask gentlemen, there-
fore, to remember, that should every proposed
amendment of the Constitution now before this
House be voted down, we shall not, I think, be
wholly without a remedy for the evil we are so
anxious to cure. Instead of restricting repre-
sentation to actual suffrage, we can extend suf-
frage to actual representation, which will be
far better. It is true that the jwwer of Con-
gress to guaranty republican governments in
the States through its intervention with the
question of suffrage has not hitherto been ex-
ercised ; but this certainly does not disprove the
existence of such power, nor the expediencj'
of its exercise now, under an additional and
independent constitutional grant, and when a fit
occasion for it has come through the madness
of treason. It will not be forgotten that we
have entered upon a new dispensation. Slavery
sleeps in its bloody shroud. Its shaping hand,
as we believe, will no longer mold our national
policy at home or abroad. Its evil genius will
no longer inspire our public men, and give law
to the nation from the supreme bench; but in the
noonday radiance of universal liberty the Gov-
ernment, I trust, in all its departments, will
find its speedy deliverance from the trammels
of the past. Such, at least, is my hope.
But, Mr. Speaker, I may be mistaken. We
may not be able, at a single bound, to escape the
benumbing influence of slavery. Our exodus
from the long and sore bondage of the past may
be tedious and toilsome. Ourdwarfed manhood
may require time and judicious tonics to restore
its original vigor. I cannot feel at all confident
in the opinion I have expressed, when I find so
many distinguished gentlemen on this floor in-
sisting that we are still bound by former inter-
pretations of the Constitution, in the interest of
slavery. I therefore favor a constitutional
amendment which shall make certain that which
may otherwise remain doubtful. But I do not
see how I can consistently support the amend-
ment reported by the joint committee, though
I do not say that I will not. In the first place,
it seems to me that it offends the moral sense
of the country. It provides "that whenever
the elective franchise shall be denied or abridged
in any State on account of race or color, all
persons of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation." Sir, what
right has any State "to deny or abridge the
elective franchise on account of race or color?"
To assent to such a proposition is'to insult hu-
manity and mock justice. It is, moreover, as
absurd as to deny or abridge the franchise on
account of the distance across the Atlantic or
the height of the Alleghanies. Why not say,
in the plain affirmative words of the amendment
submitted by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot,] that—
"The elective franchise shall not bo denied or
abridged in any State on account of race or color?"
The distinguished chairman of the joint com-
mittee concedes the right of a State under the
Constitution to disfranchise its citizens for such
cause, and so does my friend from New York,
[Mr. Coxklisg. 1 If they are right, then the
very thing to be done is to amend the Constitu-
tion in that particular. Have we any authority
to sacrifice the rights of a whole race in the
South in order to save ourselves from the evils
of unequal representation, and thus compound
with injustice and oppression? Will the world
justify us in protecting our own political rights
and abridging the rights of white rebels at the
expense of millions of freedmen who will thus
be made the vicarious victims of our policy?
Would that be an honest payment of the debt
we religiously owe them? My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] differs with his colleagues on the
joint committee as to the right of a State to dis-
franchise her citizens, and defends the proposed
amendment as a mere penalty^ designed to re-
strain the States from violating their constitu-
tional duty.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not admitand never
have admitted that any State has a right to dis-
franchise any portion of the citzensof the Uni-
ted States, resident therein, entitled to vote for
Representatives under the second section of the
first article of the Constitution, exccpt as a
punishment for their own crimes. A citizen
may forfeit his right by crime, and the State may
enforce that forfeiture. I favor this amend-
ment as a penalty in aid of the rights guarantied
by the Constitution as it now stands.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman misunder-
stands what I said. I have just stated what the
gentleman from Ohio now affirms, that he de-
fends the amendment reported by the commit-
tee as a mere penalty intended to restrain the
States from striking down the rights of their
citizens under the Constitution ; but as wo are
now endeavoring to amend the Constitution,
why incorporate in it a mere penalty against its
violation, which at least seems to imply the
right to violate it, if the penalty shall be ac-
cepted ? Since the whole policy of the Gov-
ernment from its beginning has yielded the right
of the southern States to disfranchise their peo-
ple of color, why not provide a positive pro-
hibition of such right? Mr. Madison declared
it to be wrong "to admit in the Constitution the
idea that there can be property in man." So
I say it seemstomewronj; to admit in this amend-
ment the idea that the rights of the citizen can
be taken away by reason of color or race, and
that in perfecting the organic law of the nation
we should avoid any phraseology which by any
possibility would admit a construction so fatal
to the fundamental principle of all free gov-
ernment. Why temporize by adopting halfway
measures and a policy of indirection?^ The
shortest distance between two given points is
a straight line. Let us follow it, in so impor-
tant a work as amending the Constitution. rl he
advocates of the proposed amendment do not
profess to be satisfied with it. They confess
that it comes short of its purpose. They say
they have another proposition in reserve which
will cover the whole ground. Then why not
bring it forward and let us meet it on its merits ?
Why yield any longer to the policy of compro-
mise? Sir, remembering the mistakes of our
fathers in the beginning, and the frightful legacy
to their children which has been the result, let
us be warned against any short-sighted and tem-
porary expedients to-day. Let us bring ourselves
face to face with the great demand of the nation
upon us, and then appeal to the people to sanc-
tion a plain, unambiguous amendment of the
Constitution, which we believe to be necessary
for their future security.
But the advocates of this measure, while
promising us a better, frankly tell us it is the
best we can now hope to secure. They defend
it on this ground, and" insist that our present
alternative is between its adoption, and the rep-
resentation of four million loyal colored people
in Congress by ex-rebels, who would utterly mis-
represent their wishes and trample down their
rights. To this several answers are obviously
suggested.
in the first place, how do yon know that the
broad proposition I advocate will fail in Con-
gress, or before the people? These are revolu-
tionary days. Wholegenerations of common time
are now crowded into the span of a few years.
Life was never before so grand and blessed an
opportunity. The man mistakes his reckon-
ing, who judges either the present or the future
by any political almanac of bygone years.
Growth, development, progress, are the ex-
pressiye watchwords of the hour. Who can
remember the marvelous events of the past
four years, necessitated by the late war, and
then predict the failure of further measures,
woven into the same fabric, and born of the
same inevitable logic? It is only a few days
since this nation, speaking through its llepre-
sentatives on this floor, by a vote of 110 against
54, deliberately sanctioned the very policy I
urge as an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States. Sir, if that policy is right in
this District, shall we decline to extend it over
the districts lately in revolt where far stronger
reasons plead for it? Shall we distrust the peo-
ple, who have been so ready to second all rad-
ical measures during the war,  nd now speak
with s.ueh emphasis on emerging, with newly
anointed vision, from its terrible baptism of
fire and blood? And besides, how do you know,
Mr. Speaker, that even the proposition reported
by the committee can prevail, either in Congress
or in the States? It encounters, I know, a very
considerable opposition here, and I sincerely
hope it may be recommitted and amended. It
may encounter a greater opposition in the States.
Its indirect mode of reaching a desirable result,
and its apparent recognition of the infernal
heresy of State sovereignty, may seriously en-
danger, if not. totally defeat, the proposition.
Sir, 1 hope this suggestion will not be deemed
unworthy of consideration. But the question,
after all, is, what amendment of the Constitu-
tion, if any, is really demanded ? If wo can agree
as to this, then we should submit it, trusting in
God, in the people, and in the great educational
forces now everywhere at work, that it will pre-
vail. Should it fail for a season, it will triumph
ultimately, and in the end repay all the costof
its delay. Neither constitutional amendments
nor reforms in any other direction could make
much headway, if no man should ever espouse
them till the people are found prepared to
accept them without opposition or dissent.
Again, Mr. Speaker, it should not be forgot-
ten that the proposed amendment, should it
prevail, must fail of its purpose till after the
census of 1870. If I am not mistaken, there
could be no new allotment of Representatives
among the southern States prior to that time.
If I am mistaken, and the Constitution will per-
mit us to take another census whenever we
choose, it will not make any practical differ-
ence, as no one proposes that measure, and if
adopted the reapportionment under the new
census could not take effect sooner than the
time I have named. In all these intervening
years, therefore, these rebel States must have
their full representation under the existing basis,
or else their Representatives must be kept out
of Congress. If they should be admitted, prior
to the passage of the amendment, there would
be no coercive authority in the hands of the
Executive or Congress to constrain any State
to ratify the amendment, and it could not bo
ratified. If the southern Representatives should
■ not be admitted, then the evils of unequal rep-
