1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire seems plausible,
"but I suggest to him that the agents in distant
portions of the country cannot make any of these
arrangements with the Auditor's office, and
hence this will be a proposition for the benefit
of agents in this city, but will not inure to the
"benefit of agents in distant localities. I do not
"know upon what principle it can rest. I sup-
pose it is upon the proposition that the soldiers
who are discharged from the public service are
not competent to take care of themselves. That
has been the argument in favor of special legis-
lation for the colored people ; but I do not ad-
mit that it is a true argument in regard to the
•soldiers. Before they wont into the Army they
were competent to make contracts with their
neighbors and lawyers just like anybody else,
and I do not see why their having served in
the Army and coming home discharged soldiers
takes away from them their competency to trans-
act any business they may have to do.
The effect of this bill will be to take away
these cases from the management of the relia-
ble lawyers of the country and to give them to
a class of men whom you must be pursuing with
the law all the time. 1 think we should encour-
age the soldiers in going to established and well-
known lawyers. As a general thing 1 do not
think lawyers having a good class of business
would desire to do this sort of agency business,
but still it is for the benefit of the soldiers that
they should do it rather than mere agents who
know nothing about the laiv. 1 think this meas-
ure will be an injury to the very persons that
we want to protect. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts can show that the labor in preparing
the papers in one case is worth just as much as in
any other case, it would be an argumentin favor
of his bill, perhaps; but I presume it is worth
as much to make out the papers in some par-
ticular cases as in three other cases. II' ten
dollars is the minimum, perhaps fifty dollars
would not be a proper maximum, considering
the amount of labor and the amount of skill
required.
1 do not think this is a good bill. I cannot
see upon what principle it rests. I know the
Senator the other day referred to the fact that
this restriction was imposed upon the fees of
pension agents, but I think that has no basis
to rest upon. The argument there is that wo-
men, who are not very competent to manage
their own affairs, are interested in pensions.
-Here is a case where we propose to regulate by
law the contract of a man who is competent to
"manage his own affairs. I think this is an im-
putation upon the intelligence of the soldiers.
If I had been a man competent to contract and
make my own bargains with lawyers before I
went into the Army, I should not thank Con-
gress for making a law for me after I came back,
in respect to those persons or any other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this matter had no
.connection with the Government itself, perhaps
the argument of the Senator from Indiana might
be controlling and conclusive; but the truth is,
this is a business in which the Government itself
is connected as a party, the party w-ho proposes
to pay, the party who proposes to secure the
pay to whom it belongs ; and therefore, in deal-
ing in relation to a matter with which the Gov-
ernment itself is connected, I think it is no
violation of the rights of citizens to make con-
tracts, that the Government does impose terms
upon which persons may engage in collecting
claims against the Government in behalf of
•soldiers, to prevent the soldiers from being im-
posed upon. They may provide, without a
violation of the rights of individuals, that the
person who takes a claim against the Govern-
ment to collect shall not charge on that claim
more than a given amount. Ten dollars is the
sum specified in this bill. No on-s claims that
the precedent which was established in refer-
ence to the fees for the collection of pensions
has led to any bad results, and therefore I am
inclined to sustain this bill as it came to us from
+he committee.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think that the amend-
ment that I have offered as a substitute for the
first section of the bill is justly or fairly obnox-
ious to the criticism which has been made npon
it by the Senator from Indiana, that it will be
for the benefit of the claim agents in this Dis-
trict, or those who live near the Department,
and not for the benefit of those who live remote
from the Department. Now, as I understand
the provision, wherever a man prosecutes a
claim and obtains a bounty or a gratuity for a
soldier, and thinks he should have more than
the specified fee of ten dollars provided by law,
he is in that case to make application to the Au-
ditor orthe accounting officer for an extra allow-
ance in that individual case. There is no general
arrangement made that such a man shall have
more than the fee allowed by law; but when
the agent transmits his papers to the Depart-
ment for the purpose of getting the claim, if his
services have been worth more than ten dollars,
he can just as well transmit the evidence that
they have been worth more than ten dollars as he
can transmit the evidence that there is any claim
at all. He can as well transmit that evidence
from Minnesota as he can the papers in regard
to the claim, and at the same time ; and if the
parties fairly agreed when the man undertook
the work that the attorney should have more
than ten dollars, and he transmits such an agree-
ment, undoubtedly in a fair case the Auditor or
accounting officer would allow it. The amend-
ment is designed only for the protection of those
individuals who go to these agents casually and
wi'hout making an agreement, or who are taken
advantage of by the prosecuting claim agents.
I heartily concur in the object sought to he
accomplished by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. It would be unfair, it would bo cruel, to
permit these harpies who live upon the blood
of the men who have fought your battles, to
take away from them the bounties and gratui-
ties which the Government may ofi'cr them, as
they do. It would be heartless to permit them,
under false or spurious names,to get this money
in llieir hand.-,, and then, by the formation of
new firms, moving away, or anything of that
kind, to cheat the soldiers out of it. 'The Gov-
ernment is bound to protect the men who have
fought its battles, and it ought to do it, and I
hope it will do it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent, the amendments reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia
to the first section will be laid aside, and the
question will be taken upon the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
to strike out tho whole of the first section after
the enacting clause, and to insert what has
been read. " The question is on that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTj^ro tempore. The amend-
ments reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Miiitia to the second sec-
tion of the bill will be read.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was in section two, line five, after the
word •'allowances'' to insert " or gratuities,"
and in line six, after the word "contract" to
insert the word ''or;" so that it will read:
That any agent or attorney who shall directly or
indirectly demand or receive <iny sealer compunc-
tion than 1? provided for hy tbf lirst scction of tires
act for his services in the collection of any claim for
bountv, arrears ol pay, or other allowances or gratui-
ties or who shall contract or ngrjcc^to protcculc or
colV-et any such claim, on the condition that he shall
receive a per cent, upon uny poition ot such claim, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in section two, line
'ten. to strike out the word ''to" and insert
" from," and in line twelve to strike out the word
"fined" and insert "punished by fine,' and in
line thirteen to insert the word "by'' before the
word "imprisonment;" so that the clause will
read:
Or who shall wrongfully withhold the payment of
the proceeds of snch claim from the claimant ^hitll he
deemed suilty of a misdemeanor, and upon convic-
tion thereof shall, for every suih offense, bepums.ied
hy fine not exceeding >iuO, or by imprisonment at hard
labor not exceeding two years, or both, aceoi'liug' to
the circumstances and af.-{?r!>vauoii^ of the offence.
The amendment wa; agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That com-
pletes tho amendments reported from the com-
mittee. The bill is still before the Senate, and
open to amendment.
Mr. CLARK. To make the second ^ectkm
conform to the first as amended, I move further
to amend that section by inserting after the
word "receive" at the end of thesecond line
the words, "without the certificate of -the ac-
counting officer."
The amendment was'agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend that
section in the eighth line by inserting after the
word '' claim'' the words, 1' or who shall receive
such per cent." As the section now stands,
it provides simply for punishing the man who
shall agree to receive any greater compensation
than is provided in the first section. I want to
provide also a punishment for the receiving of
it as well as the agreeing to do it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
same section by inserting after the word
"claim " at the end of the ninth line the words
"or any part thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If I believed that the
Congress of the United States had any authority
to pass such a bill as this, and it would do any
good. I would cheerfully vote for it. 1 have no
doubt it is true, as stated by Senators on this
floor, that great wrongs have been perpetrated
by agents in tho collection of the claims of sol-
diers, but I know of no authority of the Con-
gress of the United States to meddle with that
evil. There is a remedy for it, sir, and that
remedy is available to every soldier in the Uni-
ted States, and it will do him more good if he
will observe it than all the enactments Congress
can make on the subject: and that is, instead of
intrusting the collection of his claims to irre-
sponsible agents, persons who advertise that
j they will specially attend to this business, to go
: to the best, most honest, and able lawyer in his
J neighborhood, and get him to attend to his busi-
i ness, and he will attend to it properly. If the
| soldiers will pursue that course", just as you and
j 1, sir, would" do in any private transactions in
1 the business of life where we might need an at-
' torney, they will save a great deal more to them-
selves, and be a great deal more benefited than
they can possibly be by such an enactment as
this. As I do not believe Congress has any
authority to pass this bill, and as I believe it
will be productive of no good whatever, I ask
for the yeas and nays on its passage.
Tho yoas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts who introduced this
bill that there is an evil provided against in it
which I think it is competent for Congress to
reach, and that is, the refusal or failure on the
part of any agent or attorney to pay the money
over after he shall have collected it; but the
fine imposed by the bill I believe is only $300.
Tiimany instances they collect much more money
than that. If you want, to prevent that refusal
or failure, the fine ought to be at least as high as
the amount of money that will come into the
| hands of tho agent. I doubt if that amount of
! fine will accomplish what the Senator desires.
, I believe Congress can punish that, but I do not
; think they can regulate a contract.
I Mr. WILSON. 1 do not know that 1 pre-
| cisely understand the Senator.
I Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the fine that
I may be imposed upon a party who fails to pay
j the'mor.ey over is limited to S.IOO. 1 suggest
' that that tine is not large enough, if you intend
i to prevent that offense.
! Mr. WILSON. It is punishable by a fine of
[ $300, or'by imprisonment at hard labor not
i exceeding two years, or both. I think the jran-
' ishment is quite sufficient,
j Mr. HENR11TCKS. Imprisonment may be
i added besides the fine?
