.58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
Ho. of Eeps.
Basis of Representation—Mr. Thomas.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
reservation would be avoided, so long as they
are kept out. The object of the amendment,
therefore, namely, the reduction of rebel rep-
resentation in Congress and the extension of
suffrage to the whole people of the South, could
not be secured before the year 1870, or 1872,
if the next census shall be taken at the regular
time; and then it would remain for the south-
ern States to say whether they would give the
ballot to the negroes, or still cling to that un-
christian spirit of caste and lust of'power which
have so long been the higher law of the South.
If I am correct in making these statements,
much of the alleged practical significance of the
proposed amendment is made to disappear, and
we are thus the better prepared to demand tha
amendment, really necessary and effective, or
else such congressional action as shall grant
suffrage to the people of the South, irrespect-
ive of color. Should both these measures
for the present be found impracticable, I do not
see that any great interest of the country will
suffer in consequence, while the regular march
of events and the great tidal force of public
opinion will at length open the way for such
action, in some form, as shall be required by
the national exigency.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I deny that the rebels
of the South, who are the rulers of the South,
would grant the ballot to the negro if the pro-
posed amendment were now in full force. They
would not do it, because their love of domina-
tion, their contempt for free labor, and their
scorn of an enslaved and downtrodden race
are as intense as ever. They hate the negro
now, not simply as the ally of the Yankee in
foiling their treason, but as the author of all
their misfortunes, who, having been villain-
ously misused by them, is of course villainously
despised. They hate him with a rancor that
feeds unceasingly upon every memory of their
humiliation and defeat. They confront him
with a hatred so remorseless, withering, con-
sulting, that it crops out to-day in every quar-
ter of the South, in deeds of outrage, violence,
and crime, which find no parallel even in the
atrocities practiced in that section under the
old codes of slavery, which were codes of mur-
der and all minor crimes. Can any gentleman
read the late report of General Schurz, and
listen to the testimony of the great cloud of
concurring witnesses "whose voices are now fill-
ing the land, respecting the popular feeling in
the South, and then believe that the. rebel class
will ever, under any inducements, voluntarily
give equal political rights to the freedmen?
The leaders of southern opinion openly declare
that they would rather die than give the ballot
to their former slaves. While it would give
their section an increased representation in
Congress, that representation would be secured
by the votes of negroes, and abolitionists, whose
darling purpose would be to Yankeeize and
abolitionize the entire South, and put the old
slave dynasty hopelessly under their feet. And
the old slave dynasty understands this per-
fectly.^ They know that negro suffrage, by
checking rebel rapacity and restoring order,
and thus rendering emigration fronfthe North
and from Kurope a safe and practicable thing,
will reorganize the whole structure of society
in their region, and thus doom their pride and
sloth to a hopeless conflict with the energy and
enterprise of free labor. Do you tell me that
men are governed by their own interests, and
that the ruling class in the South, finding no
other way to serve those interests, will extend
suffrage to the negroes ? I answer, that long-
cherished and traditionary prejudices and pas-
sions are stronger than interest. It was always
the true interest of the South to abolish her sla-
very, but she waged a horrid war to save and
eternize it. She could always have increased
her power in Congress by its abolition, but she
loved her domination over the negro more than
slielovod political power. It was the interest of
the northern States, long ago, to unite in check-
ing the aggressions and the further spread of
slavery in the Union, and thereby to hasten the
employment of peaceable measures in the South
for its abandonment; but the northern States,
on the contrary, became the allies of the slave
breeders in fortifying and extending their rule
on this continent. It was the interest of our
first parents not to sin, but the devil proved too
much for them. Sir, the argument of interest
will not do. Passion is stronger than interest,
because, being blind, it does not perceive the
best good. Before I agree to intrust the freed-
men to the interest of their old masters, I want
to know that they understand what their inter-
est is, and that they have so far outlived their
prejudices that they will follow it. I think 110
gentleman on this floor can feel sure on these
points. What we want, what the nation needs
for its own salvation, is a constitutional amend-
ment, or a law of Congress, which shall guar-
anty the ballot to the freedman of the South.
This is not simply his equal political right as a
citizen, but his natural right as a man. As I
have argued on another occasion, a voice in the
Government which deals with property, liberty,
and life, is not a " privilege," but a right, and
as natural, as indefeasible as the right to life
itself. Government cannot rightfully withhold
it, but is as sacredly bound to secure it to all
men, regardless of race or color, as it is bound
to secure other rights which are accorded to
them by common consent as natural. In this
view I am very glad to find myself sustained by
some of the ablest men in this House. Our
fathers affirmed, as a self-evident truth, that all
men are endowed by their Creator with the
right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness ; and that Governments are instituted
among men to secure these rights, deriving their
just powers from the consent of the governed.
Sir, let us not shrink from the practical vindi-
cation of this truth. Let us recognize no such
anomaly in our free system of government as
a disfranchised citizen, innocent of crime, but
prize the franchise as so sacred that a man with-
out it shall everywhere, and of necessity, wear
the brand of a convicted enemy of society. Let
us not preach a mere lip-democracy, while we
confess by our acts, our faith in the maxims of
despotism. Let us not, with the warnings of
the past before us, still continue to deny the
very gospel of our political salvation, and arm
the absolutists of the Old World with weapons
fatal to every just theory of republicanism.
Let us not make enemies and outlaws of four
million people, among whom no traitor or
sympathizer with treason has ever yet been
found ; who were eager to help us from the very
beginning of our struggle, and as soon as we
were ready gladly furnished nearly two hundred
thousand soldiers to aid in saving the nation's
life; and who, if allowed justice at our hands,
will be found in fhe future, as they have been
in the past, our effective auxiliaries and most
faithful friends. Above all, let us remember,
for our own sake as well as that of the colored
race, that justice is omnipotent; that her de-
mands must be met to the uttermost farthing,
and cannot be slighted without offending the
Most High ; and that if, when our pathway is
lighted up by the fires of a stupendous civil war,
which the whole world interprets as the aven-
ger of these wronged millions, we now turn a
deaf ear to their cries, our guilt as a nation,
and our retribution, will find no precedent in
the annals of mankind.
Basis of Representation.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN L. THOMAS,
of maryland,
Iff the Hottse of Representatives,
January 31,-4866,
On the proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United Sta.tcs, apportioning representation.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, the dis-
cussion of the propositions from the committee
on reconstruction to amend the Constitution
of the United States has developed such a va-
riety of opinion that it is with great difficulty
we can estimate the value of either of them,
or determine which one should receive our
assent. That the altered condition of our coun-
try requires reform in our fundamental law,
none but those on the other side of the House
deny. That we have not only the power under
the Constitution to alter and amend that instru-
ment, but that it is our imperative duty to do
so, all candid, patriotic men must admit.
To be sure it has been asserted that now is
not the time, nor this body the proper medium,
by and through which our organic law should
be changed. It is insisted that we should wait
till the States lately in rebellion are represented
on this floor, so that they be heard and con-
sulted as to what is agreeable to them to be put
in the Constitution. Sir, I am afraid if we wait
for the return of our '' erring sisters,'' who de-
parted from this House at a time and under
circumstances not well calculated to legislate for
the good of the Union, thatwe will find that but
one constitutional amendment could have any
chance of receiving their votes, and that one the
repeal of section three article three of the Con-
stitution.
Such reasons as these, Mr. Speaker, are but
the special and dilatory pleadings of astute ad-
vocates, determined to resist all and any effort
to reconstruct the rebel States on any principle
save an unconditional surrender of all the great
results flowing from this war.
For myself, I have too little faith in the pro-
fessions of loyalty on the part of the leading
men of the States lately in rebellion to be in-
duced to put off till to-morrow that which rea-
son and justice and a sound policy demands
should be done to day.
The fathers of the Republic and the founders
of the Constitution had no conception at the
time they formed that instrument that their
children could become so wicked as, in the short
space of three score years and ten, to fill the land
with slaughter and blood in striving to tear down
their handiwork. They made no provisions to
meet the great changes that have been occa-
sioned by this rebellion.
We find that even the First Congress, that met
at the city of New York on the 4th of March,
1789, proposed twelve amendments to the Con-
stitution, all of which were ratified by the States
except the first and second proposed to them.
We find that at the first session of the Third
Congress another amendment was proposed,
and at the first session of the Eighth Congress
still another, all of which were ratified by the
several States. So that it will be seen that so
far from our proposed action being a "new
thing," our predecessors, many of whom were
members of the Convention that framed the
Constitution, added to and altered as the times
and the occasions demanded. If they had not
have acted thus, some of the most valuable
powers given to the Government, and some of
the most precious retained by the States, would
not this day be in existence.
Alexander Hamilton, in his introduction to
the Federalist, makes this just reflection, which,
I think, is peculiarly appropriate at this time:
"It has been frequently remarked that it has been
reserved to the people of this country to decide by
thoir conduct and example whether societies of men
are really capable or uotof establishinggoodgovern-
ment from reflection and choice, or whether thcyare
forever destined to depend for their political constitu-
tion on accident and force. If there be any truth in
the remark, the crisis at which we are arrived may
with propriety bo regarded as the period when that
decision is to be made; and a wrong election of the
part we shall act may in this view deserve to be con-
sidered as the general misfo, tune of mankind."
I am not of a nature inclined to indulge in
gloomy forebodings, nor to think that " allislost
that is in danger.:' Nor am I at all gifted with an
imagination that will allow me to picture "a
land flowing with milk and honey" when I see
before me nothing but sand and barrenness.
Judging from the official accounts we have re-
ceived from our southern borders, Icannotthink
that "peace \et reigns supreme," or that
"grim-visaged warhath smoothed his wrinkled
