2498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
ing of passports to <10,V other than citizens of the
United States, shall be, and is hereby, repealed so
far as its prohibition may embrace any class of per-
sons liable to military duty by the laws of the uni-
ted States."
I move the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
tlie vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the regular order
of business.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 127)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, reported from the joint
committee on reconstruction.
The motion to recommit the joint resolution
had been made by Mr. Stevexs.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Garfield to amend the motion to re-
commit by adding instructions to the commit-
tee to report the proposed amendment to the
Constitution with the third section stricken out.
Upon this question Mr. Smith was entitled
to the floor for one minute; but he was not
present.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, it was to
be expected that the measure now before the
House would meet the opposition and denun-
ciation of the unrepentant thirty-three of this
body. The gentlemen who have voted on all
occasions upon the rebel side of all questions
that have been before the country for six years
could hardly be expected to change their posi-
tion at this time.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentjeman allow me
to ask him a question'?
Mr. BROOMALL. Allow me at once to
say that I have but thirty minutes, and will not
yield any of my time to anybody.
I say, Mr. Speaker, that it was not to be
expected that those gentlemen would change
their front upon short notice at this late day.
But it is useless to waste arguments upon them
in favor of this measure.
It was also to be expected that the six John-
sonian new converts to Democracy would also
oppose and vote against this measure; com-
mencing with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Raymond,] who, I believe, has the disease
in the most virulent form, thence down to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith,] who
preceded me on this question, and who has the
mildest and most amiable type of the infection.
Upon them, too, arguments are useless.
There must then be thirty-nine votes against
the measure, and I want there to be no more.
I want every member of this House outside of
those thirty-nine to vote for it heartily and earn-
estly. I want every man to come to the con-
elusion to which I have come, to vote, if not
for that which he wants, for the best that he
can get; to vote for the report of the commit-
tee if he can get it, just as he would have voted
for something better; and if he cannot get the
measure reported, then to vote for the next
best.
It is not what I wanted. How far short of
it! But the necessity is urgent, and we must
take what will obtain the votes of two thirds
of both Houses of Congress, and the ratifica-
tion of three fourths _ of the actual States of
this Union, those entitled to a voice upon the
question.
Now, what is this that is submitted for our
action? I will consider the several proposi-
tions briefly ; I am only sorry that I am lim-
ited to so short a space of time. We pro-
pose, first, to give power to the Government
of the United States to protect its own citizens
within the States, within its own jurisdiction.
Who will deny the necessity of this? No one.
The fact that all who will vote for the pending
measure, or whose votes are asked for it, voted
for this proposition in another shape, in the
civil rights bill, shows that it will meet the
favor of the House. It may be asked, why
should we put a provision in the Constitution
which is already contained in an act of Con-
gress? The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] may answer this question. He says the
act is unconstitutional. Now, I have the high-
est respect for his opinions as a lawyer, and
for his integrity as a man, and while I differ
from him upon the law, yet it is not with that
certainty of being right that would justify me
in refusing to place the power to enact the law
unmistakably in the Constitution. On so vital
a point I wish to make assurance doubly sure.
I know that the unrepentant Democracy of
this body voted against the civil rights bill
upon the allegation that it was unconstitu-
tional. And I rather expect to see them ex-
hibit their usual consistency by voting against
making it constitutional upon the ground that
it is so already.
That measure, however, will meet with no
opposition from thpse on whom the country
depends for its safety, because if it is not
necessary it is at least harmless. If we are
already safe with the civil rights bill, it will do
no harm to become the more effectually so,
and to prevent a mere majority from repealing
the law and thus thwarting the will of the loyal
people.
The second proposition is, in short, to limit
the representation of the several States as those
States themselves shall limit suffrage. That
measure has already received the sanction of
all who can possibly be expected to vote for
the proposition now before the House; be-
cause the joint resolution which passed this
body by more than two thirds, and was defeated
in the Senate, proposed to submit a similar
change in the Constitution to the States for
ratification. There is, therefore, little neces-
sity for argument upon this point.
But 1 will ask, why should not the repre-
sentation of the States be limited as the States
themselves limit suffrage? It is said that this
is intended to prevent the southern States from
having the representation now based upon their
black and non-voting population. The terms
of the proposed measure do not so limit it.
But I will admit that mainly it will operate
only on that population, and in the South. And
why not ? If the negroes of the South are not
to be counted as a political element in the gov-
ernment of the South in the States, why should
they be counted as a political element in the
government of the country in the Union? If
they are not to be counted as against the south-
ern people themselves, why should they be
counted as against us? The fact is, the negro
of the South does vote, or rather he has his
vote cast for him. He is voted by his white
and hardly more loyal neighbor—1 would say
brother only that I might be suspected of hav-
ing some sly reference to the Democratic bleach-
ing process which so confuses southern geneal-
ogies;
If the blacks were permitted to vote instead
of being voted, according to the doctrine of
chances they would vote right half the times
by mere guessing, be they ever so ignorant;
and this is greatly more than can be said of
their white neighbors for the last half dozen
years. I will not say that this is more than
can he said of the northern friends of those
neighbors for the same period ; but I will not
risk my reputation for veracity by denying the
proposition.
The next proposition proposes to disfran-
chise until 1870 a certain portion of the south-
ern people. Now, lam sorry to see that oppo-
sition to this feature of the measure comes from
this side of the House. I regretted very much
yesterday to hear the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] and the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaise] oppose this feature of the joint
resolution. I am sure they have not well con-
sidered it. Let us see who it is we propose
to deprive of suffrage until 1870, and to what
extent.
First, we do not propose to do what was done
at the close of the Revolution, to disfranchise
throughout all time to come the active and
willing participants in the mischief, but only
until the year 1870, only for the next fouryears.
Again, we do not propose to deprive all the
voters of the South of the privilege of voting,
but only the willing aiders and abettors.
Look at the words of the proposition :
All persons who voluntarily adhered to the late
insurrection, giving it aid and comfort.
Now, who are they, and how many are there
of that class? This is an important inquiry.
It has been said broadly, with the air of sin-
cerity, and as if it were susceptible of being
demonstrated, that these people number nine
tenths of all the voters of the South. This is
a grand mistake. The white population of the
eleven States not now represented in the Gov-
ernment was in 1800 live million six hundred
thousand in round numbers. Counting the
voters as one fifth—and that is about the ordi-
nary ratio of voters to population—we have
one million one hundred and twenty thousand
voters in those eleven States. Do we propose
to disfranchise all these? Do we propose to
disfranchise nine tenths of them, as has been
said here? By no means.
According to the best estimates that can be
made upon the subject—and all are mere esti-
mates, for we are without the means of obtain-
ing accurate information—there were altgether
in the southern army about eight hundred thou-
sand men. How many of them were negroes
I do not know. I know that the southern Dem-
ocrats at first entertained the notion of their
northern friends, that the negro would not do
for a soldier, but after several years of con-
scription and draft, both wings of the party
began to think he would. Toward the close
of the rebellion the South commenced to mus-
ter the negro into the service. Suppose there
were fifty thousand of them—it is true that is
but a guess, there may have been twice as
many or half as many—this would leave seven
hundred and fifty thousand white men actually
participating in the rebellion in the field.
Now, let us bear in mind that the masses of
the people in the South rendered aid and com-
fort to the rebellion only in the field. The
great leaders of the Democracy rendered, it is
true, aid and comfort in various other ways.
But they constituted the few. I speak of the
masses of the people only ; and I repeat that
they rendered aid and comfort, within the
meaning of this provision, in the field only.
We may therefore take seven hundred and fifty
thousand as the number of the individuals in
the South who rendered aid and comfort to the
enemy, not counting (because the number is
so inconsiderable) the comparatively few though
powerful leaders who rendered aid and comfort
outside of the army.
But, sir, we do not propose to disfranchise
even these seven hundred and fifty thousand.
Some of them were killed ; how many we do
not know. We do know that our own dead
numbered nearly three hundred thousand : and
we have every reason to believe the confederacy
suffered to the same extent that we did in that
matter. Supposing two hundred and fifty thou-
sand of the rebel army were lost, we have five
hundred thousand actual voters in the South
to be disfranchised by this measure if they
eome within the meaning of it. But do they
come within the meaning of this provision?
Why, sir, it does not embrace the unwilling
conscripts ; it does not embrace the men who
were compelled to serve in the army. How
many were there of these ? I do not know ;
but I do know that after the first few months
m the war of the rebellion the southern people
refused to volunteer, and were required to be
forced into the artny. How many were there
? 80 ^olce(l? If I were allowed to guess,
I would say very nearly all. At least it would
be fair to say three hundred thousand of these
people belonged to the unwilling class who
were forced into the army by rigid conscription
laws and the various contrivances of the lead-
ing rebels. This will leave two hundred thou-
