i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3459
adding §6,000,000 to the debt, but whether by
adding $6,000,000 you will not increase the
wealth more than $1)0,000,000. While a meas-
ure may increase the aggregate debt, if it does
not increase the proportion of debt to wealth,
and actually increases the wealth so that the
debt bears a less ratio to the public wealth than
it did before, it does not increase, but in fact
decreases, the burdens of the country. I am
of opinion that the building of this canal will
add many hundred millions to the estimated
value of the property of the W est. As I traveled
through that country last year, passed the falls
of Niagara, saw the great valley of the Mis--
sissippi, saw their avenues of transportation
clogged up, as it were, corn being used for
fuel, I could not but reflect that if they had
this additional outlet our national debt would
bo in fact diminished, for the national wealth
would be increased.
I believe that it would be a great relief to
the people of this country to enhance values.
I believe it would reduce the national debt,
and for that reason I am in favor of the pro-
ject. We must develop the resources of this
great country and grow if we would pay the
national debt. Every time you double the
wealth of the country you pay one half the
debt, because the debt then only bears half as
great a proportion to the value of the property
of the country. If we were to stop here, leave
our resources undeveloped, and attempt to
pay the debt without increasing our property,
three thousand millions would be appalling;
but in view of the development of its resources,
the development of the great Mississippi val-
ley, the development of the thousands of miles
of mineral country we have in the West, the
growth of the country is the only thing that is
to relieve the people from the burdens of tax-
ation to pay this debt, and 1 believe that this
more than any other enterprise which has been
before Congress at this session will tend to
enhance values and lighten the burdens of the
people.
My own opinion is, however, that the work
should be constructed by the Government it-
self. A gentleman who has figured upon the
cost of construction in the State of Now 1 ork,
by the State and by private corporations, has
given me some figures which I have no doubt
are entirely reliable. The State has realized
in actual labor ninety-five per cent, of the
money expended in building her system of
canals, having lost only five per cent, in carry-
ing on the work. On the other hand the rail-
road companies, on account, of their want of
credit, on account of the discounts which they
were compelled to suffer, and on account of
mismanagement, in one way or another, have
only realized upon the whole amount of the
cost of their works, in actual work upon the
railroads, fifty-seven per cent. So the State
government of New York has succeeded better
than private corporations by tlj£ difference
between ninety-five and fifty-seven per cent.
I believe it wiil be better for the country that
this should be a national work. When it shall
have been completed its effects will be more
munificent; it will then be simply kept in re-
pair for the use of the nation. L think its con-
struction will enhance the value of the prop-
erty of the country, and will be the very best
investment this country can make for the pay-
ment of the national debt.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, up to the pres-
ent time we seem unanimously agreed that this
canal about the falls of Niagara ought to be
built. So far as the debate has proceeded,
there is no opposition to that. The Senator
from Ohio and the Senator from Kentucky
think it ought to be done at another time ; the
Senator from Iowa thinks it ought to be done
in another way. I have only to say that if the
canal is to be'built at all. it must be built at
some time and in some way ; and the time can
be nowhere so well fixed as in the Congress
of the United Stales; and there is no betfer
opportunity to fix both the time and the way
than the present, now that we have the subject
before us.
Mr. President, if it is not expedient, if it is
not wise for the nation to help build a canal
around these falls, there never was a time when
it was proper for the nation to do it. If it will
not make the nation richer instead of poorer,
the nation has no business to do it in aid of
commerce. In aid of the defenses of the coun-
try, it might be proper to do it; but as a com-
mercial measure, if it will not make the nation
stronger instead of weaker, it is not proper for
the nation to undertake it. If it will make the
nation stronger instead of weaker, there never
was a time more proper to do it than this, be-
cause there never was a time that the nation
needed it so much.
Now, as to the manner of doing this thing;
if it is to bo done at all, it must be done by the
nation directly out of its own Treasury, for its
own use, and by the employment of its own
agents, or it must be done by some private par-
ties authorized by the nation to do it. 'The
Senator from Iowa thinks it had better be done
by the nation directly. Upon that question it
would bo very proper to take the sense of the
Senate; and if he had moved to commit this
bill to the Committee on Commerce or any
other committee with instructions to report
such a bill, we could have the sense of the
Senate upon it. That proposition, I believe,
was submitted to the House of Representatives,
and the House of Representatives declined to
entertain it, but thought it better to employ to
some extent private enterprise, and for the
nation to act in aid of private enterprise in the
execution of this work, in that opinion of the
House of Representatives I entirely concur.
Thereby you secure these two advantages: iirsl,
it is my deliberate opinion that a private cor-
poration will do the work more economically
than the Government can or ever did do a v> oik
of the kind in the world ; and second, you have
the opinion of private capitalist* who are more
jealous and more watchful and more particular
as to what enterprises they put their money into
than Congress is as to what enterprises it puts
the Treasury of the nation into. You have
their judgment upon the feasibility of this en-
terprise. And although you pass this hill to-
morrow, no dollar of money «ill e\or go out
of your Treasury unless individuals shall first,
be found with sufficient confidence in this en-
terprise to put actually and truly two millions of
their money into it, two millions which they
have paid in for stock, not which they have
borrowed; two millions for which they have
taken the stock of the company, and nothing
else. Until such a company as that shall be
found, you will never pay a dollar ; and when
that is done, you will only advance §200,000
as often as the company advance $s>00,0l>0.
You advance two thirds of what shall thcicaftcr
be put into the enterprise up to $1!,000,000.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator that I shall not oppose the bill on the
ground that the canal is to be built by a com-
pany. I think the work is so important that
if a majority of its friends conclude that it
ought to bo'built by a company, I shall vote
for the bill in that shape
Mr. HOWE. Cut, Mr. President, this is
not a grant to the company: this is a loan. In
other words, under this bill you put six mil-
lions of your notes or your obligations into this
enterprise, and you take back sixniillions ol
the obligations of the company. True, there
is nothing to back these obligation.-, except
this money which they have put in previous to
your loaning a dollar to them. '1 hat does not
seem to me like a very rash enterprise.
The Senator from Iowa is afraid that they
will lay enormous tolls oiitheconiine.ee of his
State, on the products that go from the North-
west to the East and the commodities that come
back again. Possibly they may. lie says lie
is not willing that the products of lus btate
shall be subjected to any such tolls as this com-
pany may levy. Who has the control of the
tolls levied upon the product'? of the State of
Iowa to-dayV This is an additional facility
that you are to afford. You do not close up
any of the present avenues. You will have
all the outlets you now have and this in addi-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator permit me
a moment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. We have various outlets
now to the East, and we have been looking
with longing eyes to a piefte of unoccupied
ground where we have been in the hope that
there would bo a national work that would not
be within the control of a private corporation.
The Committee on Commerce propose now to
lot a private corporation come in and take pos-
session of that very ground, the only unoccu-
pied ground, and put it in the control of an-
other corporation. This is putting it beyond
our power to have any free communication
between the Atlantic and the lakes.
Mr. IIOWE. Not at all. It is conceded
that the commerce of Iowa will not bo in any
worse condition when this canal is built than
it is now ; but, argues the Senator, a location,
a site, for an improvement, will be occupied by
a private company, which he seems to have
been looking to as a proper site for the Govern-
ment itself to improve for the benefit of the
whole country. It is still open to the Govern-
ment to do so.
Mr. CLARK. Why is it not, better for the
Government, as a great national work, to un-
dertake it and have it as its own?
Mr. IIOWE. I have assigned one reason j
that is, that, a private company will do it more
economically than the Government will do it,
in my judgment. 1 am only giving my own
ideas now and not the ideas of the committee,
because the committee have not considered
this question ; were not instructed to consider
it. The House of Reptesentativcs refused to
consider it. The committee coidd have con-
sidered it, if you had instructed them to con-
sider it. This is my own reason. Another
reason is this: it is yet an open question
whether it is advisable, whether it is wise and
expedient, for the Government 1° put its money
into this work. If the measure is not a wise
and judicious one, and you put the ^l'J,()00,000
which it, is estimated it will cost, into it, if it
does not pay the money is gone and you have
no resource, fl you put $0,000,000 into it and
a private company puts in the balance it is all
pledged to pay back your yo,000,000. The in-
terest, is to lie paid annually, and ten per cent,
of the gross earnings of the canal are set aside
to payback your principal. You have that
security (or getting it back. In the worst point
of view you get the improvement for yO,000,000,
whereas, if the Government undertook it di-
icctly, you would not get it under twelve or
thirteen million dollars.
Mr. CLAUK. Is that anything more than
making a pnvate company surely for the Gov-
ernment 7 This is such a national work that
I would have Congiess consider whether it
would do it, and whether it was advisable to
be done by the nation, and_ let the nation do
it and own it, and control if, as a monument
of the nation's power, as a monument of the
nation's boneticence and foresight. It seems
to me very much better that it should be so.
1 should myself very much prefer that the
Government should do it, and that, it should
bo the Government's work. 1 will not inter-
rupt the Senator now, but I was going to state
another reason why I should pieter it.
Mr. HOWE. 'I bat is nothing more than
getting a private company to bo surety tor the
capital that the Government puts into the
woik. If it is reprehensible to take such
security, then we ought not to do it; but I did
not tlunk it was a very unwise thing for the
Congress of the United Stales to look for some
security of this kind if we could have it. It my
friend from New Hampshire has that pride m
this enterprise, will insist upon stamping upon
it a national character, I do not much disap-
prove of that polity. I think a good deal of
that myself; but I want to remind him that
the nation lias slept, over the falls of Niagara
a great many years, ever since it was born, in
fact, without iitinig a finger to do this; work j
