1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
cilitics all over the world. Russia is doing the
same thing. The British have already, as I
said yesterday, monopolized almost the entire
business of this continent outside of the Uni-
ted States. They now monopolize it through
their commercial facilities. The completion of
this line will give us almost a monopoly of the
business of the West India islands. 1 do not
believe the Parliament of Great Britain is wiser
than the Congress of the United States, except
in one respect: I do not think the members of
Parliament have any more business knowledge,
any more business capacity, than the members
of the Congress of the United States; but in
Great Britain they prepare their bills in com-
mittee ; they bring before those committees the
business knowledge, the financial knowledge,
the aggregated business intelligence of the Brit-
ish empire, and then the bills are passed ; and
fortunately for Parliament, mcrf who know noth-
ing about the business relations of Great Britain
consent tu take the advice of those who do kuow.
I wish it was so here, sir.
The committee have perfected a bill that
will insure the completion of this telegiaphic
"wire. We know that the v. ire will belaidunder
the bill. Do we know that it will be laid under
the proposition of the Senator from Maine?
Do we know that it will be laid under the propo-
sition of the Senator from Ohio? We know
that it will be laid under this hill. I hope that
Congress will take the bill as it has been pre-
pared and pass it as it is, and give us this tele-
graphic wire.
For myself, I should be willing to give this
company not only the exclusive right for four-
teen years, but to pay them a subsidy of $20,000
a year for fourteen years, and then J should
think we were paying very cheaply for such a
great advantage to the business interests of this
country. But, sir, these gentlemen propose to
construct the line without a subsidy of any kind.
The only thing that surprised me was that they
did not ask a subsidy. 1 should be willing to
grant a subsidy if one was necessary to insure
the completion of the work. We give in this
biil no further advantage than is given to eveiy
patentee under this Government. When the
proposition was first made they asked an ex-
clusive privilege for fifty years. The Committee
on Commerce said, " That is too long ; we will
not give fifty years," and we reduced it to
twenty-iive. 1 think twenty-five years is not too
long, but it lias now been reduced to fourteen
years; and nothing is asked except that they
shall be protected during those fourteen years.
I hope the Senate will take the bill as it has
been reported, for it is guarded and it will in-
sure the construction of the line. It is a good
bill, and I ask the Senate to stand by it.
Mr. HARRIS. I am very sure that the
proposition of the Senator from Maine will not
be acceptable to the gentlemen who are engaged
in this enterprise.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. Then they do not tell
me the truth as to what their object is, because
this will effect it.
Mr. HARRIS. See what its effect will be.
It will be simply to put the Spanish company
that has been spoken of into the American
market, and any American company who will
bid highest for that charter will make an arrange-
ment with the Spanish company expecting to
come to Congress and get leave to land on our
shores. That will be the result of it. I am
pursuaded its effect will be to defeajjUhis enter-
prise. and it seems to me that the Senate is not
prepared to adopt any measure that shall result
in that way.
Mr. FESSENDEX. It does seem astonish-
ing to me that gentlemen will insist so very
strongly upon granting- a monopoly and tying
tip the hands of Congress and of the country
for fourteen years on an assumed ground that
can be met in another direction and by a pro-
vision leaving the hands of Congress free. If
all that is desired—and I am assured that is all
theie is of it—is just to enable this company to
keep the Spanish company off and to make a
bargain with them, my amendment, will do it.
It prevents any other company, either foreign
or native, setting up telegraphic communica-
tion between our shores and any foreign coun-'
try until they get the leave of Congress. Now,
sir, if we give this privilege to this company on
this understanding, they coming and getting it,
will Congress be guilty of such bad faith as
immediately to take it out, of their hands and
grant it to somebody else ?
Mr. HARRIS. That is not the trouble. It
is not what Congress will do.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. Xo company can do
it unless Congress gives them leave. We by
this bill give leave to this company, and no other
company can get the privilege until they get
leave from Congress. Docs the Senator assume
that after the American Congress has given
this charter to this company with this under-
standing, they will turn around and give it to
somebody else ? That is putting Congress in
a very low position and depriving it of all that
business knowledge which my honorable friend
1'iom Michigan speaks of. We are to conduct
ourselves, 1 take it, on proper principles in rela-
tion to these matters. 1 am very desirous to test
the question whether this is mere talk about
the Spanish company coming here and getting
control of it and taking it out of our hands; I
fear it all is nothing more than a pretense for
getting an exclusive privilege for fourteen
years. If it is true, and I have no question
it is true, from the high character of the gen-
tleman who stated it to me, that the object is
only what I have suggested, then this proposi-
tion of mine meets it directly and keeps the
whole power in the hands of Congress. That
is the simple truth of it. I feel no more inter-
est in this question than anybody else. I never
heard of it until the bill was brought forward,
but I really i'eel a very strong aversion to doing
these things. I have done them before upon
the large stories told about "the immense
cost" and "the company will not do it unless
inducements are held out," and the "great
importance of the enterprise," and I have
afterward seen that our action put fortunes in
the hands of men. This has been repeatedly
the case : it is the case with regard to the tele-
graph across the continent to the Pacific : and
after this experience 1 am getting to be a little
careful about what I do in relation to such
matters.
If this line will pay, the bill gives a valuable
privilege: if it will not pay, and the parties are
: satisfied it will not pay, it will not be built;
] but if it can be built now in this busy time—I
! mean busy in the sense that the whole world
is busy, making active advances in everything
—only on the principle of granting exclusive
privileges for a series of .years. I do not think
it is worth undertaking at all.
Mr. HARRIS. If it were true, as the Sen-
ator from Maine assumes, that this were a ques-
tion between this company and Congress, it
would be a different affair: but, sir, what is the
first thing they have to do after this charter is
passed? To negotiate with the Spanish Gov-
ernment for permission to land upon the island
of Cuba. Let his proposition beudopied, what
will the Spaniaids say on this subject? They
will say, "Before we give this consent to this
company, we will see what kind of a bargain
wo can make with these Americans; we will
\ see what other company may apply for this
j permission ; we will not grant the permission
j until we see what tonus we can make wilh
! somebody else; perhaps we can get some of
i the. Americans to join with us in our company
! and go to the American Congress and get per-
j mission." I do not think Congress would doit,
j It would keep good faith; 1 agree with the Sen-
! ator from Maine in that respect: but the question
is, how can this company negotiate wilh the Cu-
ban company? With such a proposition as the
Senator from Maine suggests incorporated in
this bill, they cannot negotiate at all. I am
persuaded of it. It is defeating the measure.
What is the great evil that the Senator from
Maine anticipates here? Suppose this to be
the awful monopoly that he describes; what
is it? It is to allow a company to construct a
telegraph line about five hundred miles through
the swamps and wilderness of Florida, where
they will not receive one single ccnt of revenue,
and then across the chan nel to Cuba; and they
give us intercourse with Key West, one of the
most important points in this country, and give
also intercourse with the West Indies. Sup-
pose they have a monopoly for fourteen years,
restricted in their charges by the judgment of
Congress, what, does 1t amount to? What is
the great evil to result from it? Suppose they
have that monopoly: they are invited to make
this large expenditure, to engage in this haz-
ardous enterprise; let them have the monopoly;
it will do no great harm, no great injury will
result to the country from it. I am persuaded
none can, and I am a little surprised, I confess
I am, at the course of the Senator from Maine.
I know the zeal with which the Senator from
Maine enters into a discussion of this sort, and
how anxious he is when he gets engaged in a
matter to carry his point, but I am a little sur-
prised that he should oppose the measure with
so much energy.
Mr. MORRILL. Allow me to inquire what
is the precise question now before the Senate.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Shehmax. ]
Mr. MORRILL. Suppose we vote on that,
and then we can talk about the other question.
The question being taken hy yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Clark, Doolittie,
Fessonden, Henderson, Hendricks, Ilowe, Kirkwood,
Lane of Indiana. Jamo of Kansas, Sherman, Sprague,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Witley, and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Co w an, Cragin, Creswell,
Davis, Huthric, Harris, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill,
Ncsmilh, Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomcroy, ltamsey,
Saulsburj;. Stewart, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Conaess, Dixon,
Foot, Foster, rirnnes, Howard, Mrbougall, liiddie,
Stockton, Williams, and Wnght—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out "five" and inserting "two" in
the eighth line of the second section, so as to
require these parties to complete the line in
two years.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. I should have no ob-
jection to that amendment were it not for the
accidents that attend the laying of submarine
cables. For how many years has the Atlantic
Telegraph Company been trying to lay the At-
lantic cable? This cable will be liable to the
same kind of accidents. The company intend
to go on immediately and lay the cable as soon
as it can be done. I do not think the amend-
ment is necessary, but if the Senator from Wis-
consin will make it three years I shall not
object; I am willing to accept that.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; 1 modify my amend-
ment so as to say "three years."
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the Senator from
Michigan whether he thinks the work can be
done in three years. I doubt it very much.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope it can be; if it
shall not be sufficient wc can extend the time.
I should prefer to retain "five years" in the
bill, but I hope it may be done within three
years, and therefore I make no objection to
that amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose it could be done '
in four years. If the honorable member who
offered the amendment to fix two years, and
who has accepted the proposition to make the
I time three years, will accept another modifica-
tion and make his amendment "fouryears," I
think the Senate perhaps will be unanimous.
I doubt.very much whether the wor^ can be
done in three years.
Mr. HOAVE. I do not think there is the
slightest doubt about the ability of this com-
pany to lay this wire in three years. I do not
!; think there is the slightest doubt but what if
II they lay it at all, they will lay it in the next two
seasons. I understand that but for a delay in
their operations if would be laid this season.
I do not suspect the gentlemen engaged in this
enterprise of any such design, but 1 do not think
it is right to give them an exclusive privilege to
maintain this line for fourteen years, and then
