1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2499
sand; and I say now it is utterly impossible,
in my opinion, that the number of people in
the South who can be operated upon by this
provision should exceed two hundred thou-
sand, if, indeed, it should reach the one half
of thai, number. Is this nine tenths of the
voters of the South? Why, it is about one in
every twelve.
I am just reminded by my colleague [Mr.
' Williams] that the report of the committee
shows us that those eleven States furnished
forty-two thousand soldiers to the Union Army.
I suppose no one on this side the House will
pretend that the pending measure will disfran-
chise them, whatever may be the desire on the
other side. These men can take the "test
oath.'' Why can they not fill Federal offices
in the South?
It is looked upon, Mr. Speaker, as a mon-
strous piece of tyranny that we should ask one
out of twelve of the voters to stand aside for
four years, to take a back seat, in the classic
language of the White House, as a part expia-
tion—if the word is not itself a mockery used
in that connection—in part expiation of so
enormous a crime. Lot it be understood that
we do not propose to disfranchise these people
for State purposes. They are allowed their
own local government, if the people of the
Suites will permit them to vote. They will
only not be allowed fo control this Govern-
ment, and they ought not to be allowed to con-
trol it. So far as we are concerned, we give
tliem local government to the fullest extent to
which we have it ourselves. It is known to
every gentleman in this Hall that by far the
largest portion of the business of government
is done in the States. With respect to this
largest portion, we leave it to these States to
grant or refuse suffrage, without regard to the
condition, the opinions, or the crimes of those
claiming it. So much for that.
Now, I know we have it from high authority
that in all the southern country there are not
enough of men who can take the oath pre-
scribed by the law to hold the Federal offices.
I know that is asserted, but I have no belief in
it whatever. I am satisfied that it is not true.
I do not know why that assertion has been so
boldly made unless for the purpose of enabling
the Democrats of this body and the new con-
verts to obtains repeal of the ''test oath,"
and thereby to give seats in Congress to some
of their southern political friends. I do not
know why otherwise that notion was started,
but that it is not true any reflecting man who
will read the history of the last five years must
see. We know what the truth is. It is this:
the manner in which the present Administra-
tion has punished treason has made it not
odious, but indeed the only popular institution
of the South, so that if a man can take the
oath he is afraid to let his neighbors know it.
Treason has been made popular in the South,
and loyalty odious. A man who has always
been loyal is compelled by public opinion,
forced upon and encouraged in the South by
the Administration, compelled, I say, to deny
his loyalty, and to simulate treason. Where
are the forty-two thousand southern Union
soldiers?
The third of these propositions is to prevent
the payment of the rebel debt by the United
States or any of the rebel States, and to pre-
vent compensation from ever being made for
slaves. Is there anybody here who has any
objection to that? The former measure has
received the sanction of the House heretofore
by the requisite two-thirds vote, and might be
passed by as a thing settled upon. Is there
any reason why we should guard against the
payment of the rebel debt? It is strange that
there should be necessity for it; but that there
is such necessity no one here can doubt. A
large portion of this debt is held abroad. The
foreign allies of the Democratic rebellion con-
tributed their money to aid the party here; and
if the Government of the United States does
not provide irrevocably that they shall lose the
investment, it will be false to every duty it owes
to its citizens. But there is a considerable
•portion of this debt held by southern Demo-
cratic leaders; audit is to guard against the
paying of this that the great necessity exists
for putting this provision into the Constitution.
It may be that the punishment of our country
for its national sins is not yet complete. It may
be that in the future an inscrutable Providence
intends, for our full punishment, to restore to
power for a time the Democratic party. What
would be the result then? We know what
would be the result. I want to put it out of
the power of the Government to pay the rebel
debt, that our friends on the other side of the
House may not at some time be tempted by
their old habit of obedience to the southern
task-master. These men who have voted upon
that side of all questions can hardly be expected
to withhold their votes when tlieir possible
future leaders shall demand that the rebel debt
be paid as far as they are concerned. The
only way to guard against that effectually is w
put the provision itself in the Constitution pro-
hibiting any portion thereof from ever being
paid.
The latter branch of the fourth section pro-
hibits the giving of compensation for slaves.
Sow, a prominent Democratic member of this
House, whose name I will not mention with-
out his consent, yesterday told me that when
the Democratic party—he did not say "if,"
but "when," and he did not even blush to say
it—when the Democratic party came to bo
restored to power it would demand payment
for emancipated slaves or the repudiation of
our national debt, and I confess I believed
him.
Can any man doubt what the position of the
Democratic members of this body will be with
fifty-eight added to their number from the rebel
States—fifty-eight Representatives of those
whom they have for years obeyed and who
will demand this of them ?
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I demand
the name.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman declines
to be interrupted.
Mr. BROOMALL. If any man hesitates to
believe with me, let him look over the files of
the Congressional Globe for the last four years,
and then if he is not convinced I will concede
that he is beyond the reach of conviction.
They say that we offered in 1801 to pay for
these slaves. So we did, and if the offer had
been accepted we would have gained largely by
it. The cost of the war, counted only in dollars,
would have largely paid for all the slaves. But
the offer was not accepted, and it will never be
renewed with the consent of the loyal people.
Let our political opponents call the dead to life,
let them restore to their homos three hundred
thousand murdered American citizens, and then
let them pay the debt which we contracted in
putting down their rebellion, and we will renew
our offer. We will then pay for tlieir slaves
and gain largely by the transaction.
Mr. Speaker, this measure has been spoken
of as the punishment to be imposed upon the
South. Why, is this all that is proposed to be
inflicted upon men who have been guilty of
crimes so monstrous? Is there to be no fur-
ther punishment than this? Is treason not to
be rendered odious? In fact, this is not a pun-
ishment at all. These people have now no
rights. They are the conquered, we the con-
querors ; and the conquered,, as everybody
knows, must look to the conquerors for their
future political and civil position. We pro-
pose to grant rights, we propose to give favors,
but we propose to leave out one in every twelve
for four years in thus giving the favors. It is
not as punishment, it is as a means of future
security, that this provision is asked to be in-
corporated in the Constitution. We have
beaten the enemy in the field. He is at our
mercy. In a spirit of unparalleled magnanim-
ity, we propose to restore thestafes ante bellum
as far as is consistent with our future safety.
Why, there never were such terms as these
offered to any vanquished people by the vic-
tors. Look through all history and find its
parallel. In every other country what has
been the penalty allotted to treason, to rebel-
lion that fails to make ilseif revoln!ion? Death,
banishment, confiscation. Look at England
in the Indies and in Jamaica! Yet we pro-
pose not even punishment, not even the en-
forcement of existing laws.
These people have murdered two hundred
and ninety thousand of our fellow-citizens.
The man Probst, who in Philadelphia lias been
tried and sentenced to be hanged for murder,
killed eight persons. That poor, miserable,
petty scoundrel only killed eight; these peoplo
have killed two hundred and ninety thousand.
He is to be hanged, and Alexander H. Ste-
phens, who was one of the main supporters of
the rebellion, is to be allowed a seal in the
Senats of the United States. What a mock-
ery of human justice!
Sir, the time will come when the poor, igno-
rant Dutchman who committed his petty crime
will be brought to the same bar with Vice Pres-
ident Stephens who aided in the murder of so
many of the good and the true men of our
country, and these things will all be made even.
There is a necessity for a future world that the
immense inequalities of the present one may
be rectified.
Let it offend no Democratic sensibilities that
I should contrast Probft and Stephens, tho
murderous Dutchman and the murderous con-
spirator. If there is any one man in the South
peculiarly responsible to tho widows and the
orphans of those whose bones lie upon south-
ern battle-fields or are worn as ornaments about
the necks of high-bom Democratic ladies, that
man is Alexander II. Stephens. lie sinned
against light and knowledge. He was the great
champion of tho Union in the South. When
he was bribed by tho love of office into crime,
what wonder that the great masses of the South
followed him?
Why, even Probst was tho pupil of Stephens.
Probst was a soldier, serving by accident on tho
right side. Stephens made his school, inaugu-
rated the war. Sir, read, if you can read, the
miserable man's confession, and then ask your-
self whether those horrible details cuuld have
been gone through by any one who had not
learned the art of human butchery in the school
of war.
Both these men "accept the situation;"
both acknowledge that they have been defeated
in a war upon society; but Stephens appears
before a committee of Congress and actually
claims rights, like the Pharisee in the temple ;
while poor Probst can only say, "Lord have
mercy upon me a sinner."
Probably my Democratic friends may not
like the comparison. Neither do I. I will
not put tho ignorant upon a level with the
learned in responsibility. I will not apply the
same rule to the private soldier and to the
statesman. I will not compare tho murderer
of only eight with the murderer of two hun-
dred and ninety thousand. Yet Probst is to
be hanged, while the President of the United
States and the Democratic members of Con-
gress are at this moment asking exactly such
a modification of tho "test oath" as will allow
Stephens a seat in the United States Senate!
Oh, wdiat a mockery of justice in this! Break
down your prison doors. Repeal your crimi-
nal codes. Let it not be said that in enlight-
ened America we only punish the poor, the
ignorant, and the degraded !
To bolster up the pet theory of restoration
founded on rebel rights, it is now denied that
we have ever been at war. War supposes con-
quest as one obvious mode of termination, and
conquest extinguishes political rights. This
would not suit the purposes of those who think
the South was right in her demands, but only-
blundered in the means employed to obtain
them. Hence there has been 110 war, whatever
the soldiers and the bereaved ones may think
to the contrary.
The President of the United States, in his
recent peace proclamation, has given us from
a Democratic stand-point the military history
of the country for the last five years. ^ He says
that in 18G1 certain persons in certain States
