THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 21,
an exclusive right to market that privilege for
five years. I think they ought to have a reason-
able time in which to lay the line; and if I had
the slightest doubt about three years being a
reasonable time I should be willing to extend it.
Mr. HARRIS. I think three years is enough.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a negotiation
to be made with the Spanish company. How
long it will take to make that negotiation it is
impossible for me to say.
Mr. HOWE. It is impossible for me to say;
but I do not want to give them a great many
years to negotiate with the Spanish company.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am satisfied to take
three years.
Mr. HOWE. That is the way my amendment
now stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. I move now to amend
the bill by striking out the word '' sole'' before
"privilege" in line five of section one.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is a motion to kill
the bill. If the Senate desire to kill the bill
they will adopt that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that my col-
league makes this motion with a view of fol-
lowing it, if it should be successful, with the
amendment which h.e has stated to the Senate.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. Precisely so.
Mr. MORRILL. If the amendment which
he is to offer is to have any influence on the
votes of the Senate on the question of striking
out, I desire to call the attention of the Senate
to the proposed amendment. It will be recol-
lected that the argument yesterday was, that
it was doubtful whether Congress had power
to grant an exclusive light to lay a submarine
telegraph from the shores of any one of the
States to a foreign country. This amendment
would seem to involve that question in a very
obnoxious form, truly, I think, obnoxious to
the criticism raised yesterday. It is well set-
tled, I think, by the courts in this country that
the commercial power is not exclusively in the
Government of the United States, unless the
Government of the United States chooses to
exercise it. For instaftce, the Government of
the United States has exclusive jurisdiction
over all foreign commerce and over all ques-
tions arising in the foreign commerce of the
country. Basing this bill on that power, it
was said yesterday that it was doubtful whether
we could exercise this power to the exclusion
of the right of a Slate. It has been settled
that the State may exercise the rights of com-
merce over that jurisdiction which is confess-
edly foreign and exterior provided Congress
lias_ never undertaken to exercise the right, and
until Congress does exercise such right the
State may exercise it. Now, the question I
raise is, is this an exercise of the right? Does
Congress by simply putting a negation in a bill
exercise its power over the question of com-
merce ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not?
Mr. MORRILL. Simply because it does not,
I conceive.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does it by prohibit-
ing just as much as in any other way.
Mr. MORRILL. But conceding now that
the State has a right to exercise it if Congress
does not interpose to exercise the right, to wit,
the right to grant to this submarine telegraph
company this exclusive privilege, cannot the
State do it? Can the Congress of the United
States accompany a bill simply granting the
right TO a company to lay a submarine telegraph
from the shores of a State to a foreign country
with a declaration that no other company from
the shores of any State or from t.hewh'ole coast
of the country shall exorcise any similar right
without the consent of Congress? Whetherthis
is sound or not, I submit that it presents a case
vastly stronger than that which my honorable
colleague raised yesterday against the jurisdic-
tion of Congress to exercise this power. I shall
vote against the amendment on the general
grounds stated by the Senatorfrom New York,
i think it would tend to defeat the objects of the
Mr. FESSENDEN". I did not intend to
say a word more on this subject, and I really
do not care much about it, except simply to
do my duty in the premises, and when that is
done, if the Senate think this privilege ought
to be granted, so be it; I am content. But
perhaps I ought to say a word in reply to the
argument of my colleague. I think he has re-
fined it to a degree. What in the world is this
but a prohibition ? Congress grants the right
to one company and prohibits any other com-
pany from doing it< If it has the power, through
its connection with commerce, to prohibit in
the bill any other company from doing it, why
cannot it prohibit it in toto ? If Congress has
the power, through the commercial power vested
in it by the Constitution, to act upon this sub-
ject at all for the benefit of commerce, I am yet
to learn that Congress is not at perfect liberty
to exercise its own discretion for the benefit of
commerce, either by granting or prohibiting.
Mr. MORRILL. If my colleague will allow
me, there is a distinction between the right to
prohibit and the right to regulate. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. I, should like to know
if you cannot '' regulate'' by prohibiting as well
as in any other way.
Mr. MORRILL. You do not regulate by
prohibiting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly you regulate
by prohibiting an act from being done which
you think injurious.
Mr. MORRILL. But my distinction is, that
instead of regulating, you destroy, and tljat you
cannot do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ If you think that a cer-
tain act is or will be injurious, cannot you de-
stroy it?
Mr. MORRILL. You cannot go that far.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not? If it be
injurious to commerce, and it is under the reg-
ulating power, you can as well prohibit and
preyent as you can act affirmatively and grant.
Mr. MORRILL. If my colleague will allow
me, I will illustrate it in this way: Congress
can regulate the commerce upon all the interior
navigable waters; but can Congress say that
those rivers shall not be navigable?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that
they could.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well; that is the point
exactly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that
they could in that case.
Mr. MORRILL. I submit that illustration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I do not think that
illustrates it at all. Here is a power granted
to a company. Camrot you say, for the ben-
efit of the commerce of the United States, that
no company or person shall do a certain act
which Congress thinks injurious? If it cannot
do-that, you cut off a very large portion of its
power. It will not do to say that Congress is
prevented from interfering with a thing inju-
rious to commerce, because by prohibiting it
might destroy it. I wonder why the point is
not raised when the Senator advocates a bill
granting an exclusive privilege to a company.
Is not that prohibiting all other companies
from doing anything in the same direction?
It is the same thing in result.
I only rose to comment upon that particular
thing. I did state yesterday that there was
some doubt about this power; but the same
very intelligent gentleman who conversed with
me stated that the matter had been very thor-
oughly investigated by counsel, and they thought
Congress had the exclusive power, if it chose to
exercise it, over the marine league next to the
shore. I think it likely that that may be so.
If it has, it can cxcrcise this power which I pro-
pose. If it has not, then this grant of an ex-
elusive privilege is good for nothing, and any
company may-do what it pleases. But, sir, I
find that this case is just like all others. Noth-
ing that accomplishes the purpose which gen-
tlemen say they have in view will answer, un-
less it does something more that they do not
pretend to have in view, but which they think
essential. Here is this idea of an exclusive
privilege for fourteen yvears. Gentlemen say
it is to prevent a foreign company from inter-
fering or controlling it. I offer them some-
thing that will control it, and they' say that
will not do. It is always so. If the idea is to
be followed out that this company must have
its own way, I am willing, if the majority say
so, that it should. I always submit to defeat
with good grace. If the majority say so, very
well; I have no objection.
Mr. SPRA.GUE. I object to this bill for a
reason that has not been stated, and that is,
that it grants a valuable property without con-
sideration. I presume that this grant in the
market is worth half a million of dollars. I
cannot conceive of the necessity or the use of
making this grant without a consideration of
some kind. You refuse to permit Congress to
regulate the prices under it for the protection
of the people against exorbitant demands; you
refuse to permit any one to have any charge
or direction of this matter except the company
who are to receive these advantages, and from,
whom we derive none. While the people of
the United States are being taxed so heavily,
and their industry almost prohibited, it seems
to me Congress should not grant valuable
privileges without a consideration.
The 'PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doo-
little in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Maine
to strike out the word "sole" before "priv-
ilege" in the fifth line of the first section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Fes-
senden, Grimes, Henderson, Howe, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, and
Trumbull—13.
NAYS—Messrs.Chandler, Cowan, Cragin.Creswell,
Davis. Doolittle, Guthrie. Harris, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill, Nesnjith, Nyc, Poland, Pomeroy. Stewart,
Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and
Y ates—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Clark, Conness, Dixon, Foot,
Foster, Hendricks, Iloward. Ivirkwood, McDougalj,
Norton, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Stockton, Williams, and.
Wright—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to vote for the
bill, although I am free to say I do not know
what power. Congress has in the premises. It
is true we have exclusive jurisdiction of the
marine league, but we only have that exclusive
jurisdiction sub modo and for particular san-
itary and police purposes. I should suppose
that this right was exclusive in the States, from
the nature of it, and that the only jurisdiction
Congress could exercise over it-would be in
time of war, just as they would exercise it
over any inland telegraph. I shall vote for the
bill, not because I am conferring anything val-
uable upon any company unless they can make
something valuable out of it by dealing with
foreigners.
Mr. HARRIS. That suggestion has been
made once or twice, and I will state in a word
how I understand the legal question to be. I
understand that the Congress of the United
States have exclusive jurisdiction over the
marine league, and that no company can con-
struct a telegraph wire over it without the con-
sent of Congress.
Mr. COWAN. This is under it, in the
water.
Mr. HARRIS. Under it or over it. I under-
stand, too, that the State of Florida has exclu-
sive jurisdiction over that tract between high-
water marRaijd low-water mark, and that this
company will have to go to the State of Florida
to get permission to construct their telegraph
over that; and then they have also to make some
arrangements with the individual who owns the
land to the high-water mark. I understand
those three, powers are all to be consulted be-
fore this company will be able to enter upon
their enterprise. It is very well for them to
begin with Congress, because Congress has
exclusive jurisdiction over the length of a can-
non shot called a marine league.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed for
third reading, read the third time, and passed ;
and its title was amended so as to read: il\
