2500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
conspired together to prevent the execution of
the laws; that the Government resolved to put
down the conspiracy, not in the spirit of con-
quest, but in that of self-preservation, and that
the insurrection has now been suppressed; and
this is all. This is the official report of the high
Executive to his grand constituency.
From the cold official statement, who that
did not feel and know these eventful years could
imagine what scenes of human sorrow arc em-
braced within the unwritten history of that
period? There was an insurrection, audit has
been suppressed. Has sated ambition forgotten
the immense cost to the country of the process
by which it became what it is? Why, in this
brief history there are hundreds of thousands
of treasons unpunished. In this the bleod of
more than a quarter of a million murdered vic-
tims cries aloud for retributive justice. And
this the President of the United States calls
insurrection. Why this history would exhibit
great armies, such as the world has rarely seen,
devastating whole States, and meeting in grand
and terrible conflict—all the machinery of war
in its largest possible extent.
But who shall write the details ? Who shall
tell the instances of individual suffering? Who
shall say how many husbands and fathers asked
but one day of absence from the Army to bury
the wife or child and were of necessity denied?
Who shall tell of the tired sentinel, awakened
at his post after days and nights of toil, from
dreams of home, to answer at the bar of the
terrible court-martial for not doing what man
could not do ? Who shall toll of the secret
sorrow of the unpensioned widow and orphan
of him who fell from the ranks upon the long
and weary march to die the death of the dog by
the roadside and be marked tipon his country's
roll of dishonor as a deserter?
Yet the President of the United States calls
the occurrences of the last five years insurrec-
tion, and tells us with true official coldness that
it is suppressed! Surely sated ambition has
overlooked the immense cost of what it feeds
on. If this is insurrection, in the name of ail
that is horrible what is war?
America transcends her elder sister in the
length of her rivers, in the height of her
mountains, and in the tremendous energy of
her people. And we are now told that that
transcendency extends even to the art of hu-
man butchery. When an American insurrec-
tion is so like the most devastating of European
wars, the imagination shrinks with horror from
contemplating what would be an American war.
Surely the heart of the Executive is not in sym-
pathy with the millions who made him whathe is.
Mr. SHANKLIN. Mr. Speaker, the subject
now before the House for its consideration is
a matter, perhaps, of as much importance, and
involves as many important interests to the
American people, as any subject upon which
the Congress of the United States can have to
pass. Upon its solution may depend the weal
or woe of the American people and their de-
scendants. Those institutions, republican and
free in their character, reared by the wisdom,
the patriotism, and the sufferings of our revo-
lutionary sires, and consecrated by their blood,
may depend upon the action of this Congress
upon this subject.
It becomes us, then, as the Representatives
of a generous and confiding people, who hold
these important interests and trusts in our
hands, to divest ourselves as far as is possible
of every angry passion, to banish every sec-
tional prejudice or partiality, to discard per-
sonal interest and considerations, to break the
lines of party, and to rise above considerations
of that kind to a higher and purer sphere, that
we may act for the general good of the whole
country now and forever. If we could but do
this our labors would be easy, our task would
be more than half performed in its very com-
mencement. But if, from the frailty of our
natures and our passions, we are unable to as-
sume a position of this sort let us at least ap-
proach our task with clean hands, pure hearts,
and patriotic intentions.
Mr. Speaker, the subject which has been
submitted to this House for its consideration
conies to us clothed with all the power and
the commanding influence of a committee of
the two Houses of Congress, selected, as charity
compels us to suppose, on account of their ex-
perience, their wisdom, their justice, and their
patriotism; and that which has been submitted
to us is the work of five long and tedious months,
and represents the views, sentiments, and prin-
ciples of at least the majority of the House, or
the party from which they were selected.
I therefore approach this subject with no
ordinary degree of embarrassment and hesi-
tancy ; but my own convictions of truth and
justice, of right and of duty, must control my
action, and I am ready to take whatever re-
sponsibility may attach to it.
The joint resolution reported by the commit-
tee, and which is now before the House, is as
follows:
Article —.
Sec. 1. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizcns of the United States; nor shall any State de-
prive any person of life, liberty, or property,without
due process of law; nor deny to any person, within
its jurisdiction, the equal protection of the laws.
Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States which may be included within this
Union according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number of peisonsin each State, ex-
cluding Indians not taxed. But whenever, in any
State, the elective franchise shall be denied to any
portion of its male citizens not less than twenty-one
yea^ of age, or m any \vay abridged, except for par-
ticipation in rebellion or other crimes, the basis of
representation in such State shall be reduced in the
proportion which the number of such male citizens
shall bear to the whole number of male citizens not
less than twenty-one years of age.
Sec. 3. Until the 4th day of July, 1870, all persons
who voluntarily adheied to the late insurrection,
giving it aid and comfort, shall be excluded from the
right to vote for members of Congress, and for elect-
ors for President and Vice President of the United
States.
Sec. 4. Neither the United States, nor anv State,
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation already
incurred, or which may hereafter be incurred, in aid
of insurrection or of war against the United States;
or any claim for compensation for loss of involuntary
service or labor.
Sec. 5. Congress shall have power to enforce, by
appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article.
That joint resolution presupposes and takes
as an established fact that those States lately in
rebellion are no longer members of the Union;
that the ties which bound them to this Govern-
ment have been severed, and that the people
of those States are aliens and foreigners to this
Government. That is the position which has
been assumed by this committee, and upon that
hypothesis this resolution and these measures
are based. I do not design now to discuss the
question whether these States are in or out of
the Union. That question has been ably and
elaborately discussed. Our minds are made
up upon that subject. The mind of the public
is made up upon that subject. But we all
remember that at the commencement of this
difficulty these States asserted that it was a
constitutional right which tliey had to with-
draw from the Union and form independent
and separate governments themselves, and in
obedience to this claimed right they passed
their ordinances of secession. We took the
ground, and rightfully too, as I believe, that
they had no such right under the Constitution
which had been framed by our fathers; that
they owed allegiance to the General Govern-
ment ; that they must obey the laws and Con-
stitution of the General Government, and that
they could not- withdraw from it. The issue
was fairly made up. One party contended that
they had the right of secession and to sever the
ties which bound them to the Union; and tie
other party, as I think rightfully, took the
ground that they had no such right; and the
issue was made and submitted to the arbitra-
ment of arms.
Mr. Speaker, after four long years of bloody
war, the most desolating that the world has
ever seen ; after the sacrifice of half a million
of our Federal soldiers and citizens, and the
slaughter, perhaps, of nearly as many more of
the confederate people; after the expenditure
of more than four thousand million dollars, a
debt entailed upon this country, and which
will be handed clown for years and years to
come, our armies triumphed. These people
who asserted this right of secession surrendered
it; they said they would give up the contest.
They laid down their arms and dispersed; atfd
they then expected to comeback into the room
and to assume the places which they had occu-
pied before. But they are met at the threshold
with, " No, no; you are aliens and foreigners,
and you cannot come into this Government _
unless upon such terms as we may propose to
you."
You went to war to sustain the Constitution
of the United States and to enforce all the
provisions of that Constitution. Wetriumphed,
and then we turn around and say that all their
constitutional rights have been lost. We say
to them, "You made war to go out of the
Union; you have failed with your armies to
accomplish your purpose to get out of the
Union; and yet you are out of the Union.
We fought to keep you in the Union and we
triumphed, yet you are out of the Union."
That is the result of this whole proposition,
and the logic of the committee.
Mr. Speaker, thefe are two prominent and
distinct ideas contained in this proposition.
The first idea is to strike down the reserved
rights of the States, those rights which were
declared by the framers of the Constitution
to belong to the States exclusively and neces-
sary for the protection of the property and lib-
erty of the people. The first section of this
proposed amendment to the Constitution is to
strike down those State rights and invest all
power in the General Government. It is then
proposed to disfranchise thepeople of the south-
ern States who have gone into this rebellion,
until the party in power could fasten and rivet
the chains of oppression for all time to come,
and hedge themselves in power, that they may
rule and control those people at will. Those
are the two ideas contained in this proposi-
tion.
Now, how do you propose to carry out that
second idea ? Is it by degrading, by humbling,
by humiliating these people, and rendering
them unworthy cf the blessings of liberty or
of being recognized as citizens ? Do you expect
to effect the object in that way? Do you ex-
pect, by the terms 3'ou propose to impose on
those people, to render them willing serfs and
slaves to your power? If they will submit to
the burdens which you propose, then they ought
not to come back into this Union ; for they
will be unworthy to hold the position of Amer-
ican citizens.
But how are you going to humble and de-
grade these people? By disfranchising them,
by oppressing them with taxes, by denying
them representation, by dragging them down
to the loyal political and social equality with
the servile African race. You may impoverish
them, you may exterminate them, but you can
never reduce them to the condition when they
will kiss the hand that strikes them.
How long do you suppose it would take to
bring you to that condition ? How long would
you struggle against those acts of oppression,
those acts of tyranny, before you would bow in
submission as slaves and serfs? Do you sup-
pose these people in the southern States are
intellectually, morally, or physically your infe-
riors? Certainly you do not believe that. They
may be disloyal in the estimation of some. But
I will assert that so far as we know these peo-
ple from their past history, they are not your
inferiors physically, morally, or intellectually.
The people of the southern States and the
people of the northern States stood side by side
in the great battles of the revolutionary war;
they met in the councils of the nation; they
were as brave upon the battle-field, as wise in
the council, and as safe advisers as the people
of the northern States. They were the peers
and the equals of thepeople of the North.
In the war of 1812 they stood by the Govern-
ment and they drove back the foreign invader.
Were they your inferiors *then? Does history
establish that to be the fact? They were your
equals wherever tried and wherever met.
In the war with Mexico, men from South
