THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
and now it seemed to me becoming in a pru-
dent legislator ratker to offer to assist private
enterprise in doing this work than to drive
away private enterprise and insist upon mo-
nopolizing the work. But if it proves a suc-
cessful thing; if it proves to be a wise invest-
ment of money, two things will happen: first,
that it will yield great revenues, and you will
get back the money you have advanced ; and
second,' that if you are dissatified with the rate
of tolls, the thing being made a success, you
have only to step forward and pay the com-
pany their disbursements—disbursements made
under your own supervision, for you appoint a
part of the directors to superintend the expend-
iture of every dollar of this expenditure—you
have only to step forward and pay those dis-
bursements and take the work into your own
hands.
Mr. President, I concur with those who have
preceded me in saying that if this bill is to be
recommitted at all, this is not the time to do it,
for it is impossible for the committee to under-
stand that the recommitment is to be because
the Senate prefers to have the work done by
the nation directly rather than by the nation
acting in aid of a corporation from anything
that lias been said in the course of the debate.
We cannot draw any such deduction from this
debate. I believe only one or two gentlemen
have intimated that; and how many who vote
to recommit would vote for it for that purpose,
or because they want to delay or to defeat the
enterprise itself, it is impossible for the com-
mittee to know. But when the Senate has gone
through with this bill and considered its present
features, then if it is thought fit to submit, such
a proposition, accompanied by instructions as
to what the Senate wish to have done, I shall
be ready to vote for or against a motion to
recommit at that lime. A recommitment now
would be useless to the Senate because it would?
be without any information to the committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it was
long ago that the art was learned of betraying
by a kiss. Senators say they are in favor of
this proposition; some, however, want to re-
commit, and some want to postpone. These
are simply artful ways to destroy the proposi-
tion which has been carefully matured in com-
mittee and produced I think in its best form.
I have felt a great interest in this measure, not
looking to my own country, for the Pacific coast
has nothing to do with it, andean have no local
concern in it, but from the fact that I once
inhabited on the northern lakes and I had occa-
sion to ("iainine (he question, and long since
felt it of great public importance, and have
always been its advocate whenever I have had
any opportunities for advocacy.
We are getting late in the session. This
measure has been discussed, and generally dis-
cussed. Who is uninformed, who is unpre-
pared to act either pro or con unless he has
paid no attention to one of the most important
questions of legitimate legislation that ever
came before Congress? Some say this must
be made a national measure. Is the nation to
engage in a system of public works and have a
Bureau of Canals and Railroads, with officers
and employes throughout the United States?
Is such a system to be inaugurated? Not, I
think, in ihe judgment of any person who care-
fully considers the importance of relieving Gov-
ernment from such relations. That we have the
power to vest this right in individuals is not
denied. All experience has taught that private
enterprise is more prtidentand produces better
results than when Government, either Federal
or State, engages in public works. This has
been learned by the experience of this whole
country. It will be a monument of public
enterprise if we can secure the accomplishment
of this work; and if we trust it, not to com-
mittees of Congress, but trust it to men who
embark their own capital and give their own
guarantees, we have an assurance of prompt
completion and prudent management, and we
have assurances that we shall not be disturbed
by questions arising out of the business of a
canal around the falls, .that we shall not be
disturbed by questions of the same kind that
will be sprung all over the country if such a
poliey as some contend for is inaugurated.
That it is a national work, and that for national
purposes we may embark in it, is unquestion-
able ; but to manage it as a work on the part
of the Government, would be, I think, a piece
of the greatest folly in which we could engage.
Congress cannot manage a canal or a rail-
road, nor have we any department of the Gov-
ernment to do it and do it well. It is the busi-
ness of individuals who embark capital and
have their private interests concerned in it.
Now, all this matter is of course well under-
stood, and it is not valuable to indulge in re-
mark. What I desire to say is simply that these
motions for recommitment without any given
purpose of recommitment, and for postpone-
ment, are blows aimed a.t the entire measure
which has been urged before in Congress, has
been urged before the people, and has been the
desire of the great body of the people in the
N orthwest.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, T infer that
the motion now made to recommit this bill does
not proceed from any motive friendly to the
final passage of the bill in whatever form it
may assume. I would not be uncharitable,
however, and I trust that those Senators who
seem to entertain a hostility to the project itself
will endeavor to review their opinions and to
look at this subject in the aspect which really
and truly belongs to it. This bill has been
carefully considered by the Committee on Com-
merce of this body, and they have given it all
the attention that it seemed to deserve. They
have suggested a great number of amendments
upon which we shall be called on to act sooner
or later. I hope the bill will not be recom-
mitted. It is of importance to the whole coun-
try that the question of the ultimate construc-
tion of a ship-canal around Niagara falls should
be settled permanently in order that the pub-
lic mind may bo at rest upon the subject.
I am, for one, entirely content to leave the
matter in the hands of a corporation subject
to the legislation of Congress as to the regula-
tion of tolls and any other matters of detail
which we may see fit to reserve to the legisla-
tion of Congress. I have no fears of a corpo-
ration as connected with such a work. Only a
few years since Congress made a very munifi-
cent donation of lands to the State of Michigan
to construct a similar canal around the falls of
the Sault Ste. Marie, within the limits of my
State—a work which many people at that time
thought entirely impracticable and idle, but
one which has since shown that it is not only
praeticablebut has been veryproduetiveindeed,
and has had the effect to open up the Lake Su-
perior country and to bring to light resources
which up to that time were almost entirely con-
cealed from the world. That work was con-
structed by a corporation created by the Legis-
lature of New'York, and the whole business
has been carried on through that corporation,
by the consent of Michigan, to be sure, to whom
the grant of land out of the proceeds of which
it was constructed was originally made. It is
even now a profitable work, a money-making
operation to the stockholders: and I have no
doubt at all that the ship-canal around the falls
of Niagara will turn out in the end to be equally
profitable, not only to the public but to those
who may see fit to embark their private capital
in it.
I do not concur at all with those Senators
who insist that this shall be a national work.
If the work is to be carried on economically,
vigorously, and efficiently, it must be intrusted
to the vigilance of private enterprise and pri-
vate capital. The United States, as a Govern-
ment, is in no condition to supervise and carry
on a work of this description. All that it can
do, and what I think it ought to do, is to aid
the company in some safe manner in the con-
struction of the work. The interests of the
commerce of the whole country, of the West
as well as of the East, require the construction
of this work, and I know of no better mode of
perfecting it and giving to jt that efficiency and
importance which it deserves than by creating
a corporation for that purpose.
As to the power of Congress to create a cor-
poration for such a purpose I have no sort of
doubt, and I shall, therefore, at the proper
time, vote to strike out the last amendment
suggested by the, committee, which requires
the consent of the State of New York to the
operation of the bill. I have not the slight-
est doubt that, under the Constitution of the
United States, Congress have full power, when-
ever they shall see fit, to take the property of
private persons for just such a purpose as this,
'by making due compensation for it. It is one
of the powers that belong to us under the Con-
stitution as a Government, to be used for the
public good, under such restrictions, of course,
as safety and the public interest may require.
I hope, sir, the bill will not be recommitted,
but that we shall proceed to act upon it and to
pass it.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania will give way I desire
to move an executive session. ["Oh, no."]
I have on two days in succession moved execu-
tive sessions, and when the time has arisen to
take a vote, the question in executive session
has failed for the want of a quorum. The In-
dian appropriation bill is to come right upon
us, and it is necessary to act on certain matters
in executive session before that is disposed of.
I therefore, if the Senator from Pennsylvania
will allow me, move that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. COWAN. I give way.
Mr. HOWE. I wish my colleague would let
us get through with this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let it go over until to-
morrow as the unfinished business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE was agreed
to; and after some time spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 28, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CONTESTED ELECTION BOYD VERSUS KELSO.
Mr. UPSON called up and the House pro-
ceeded to consider the report of the Commit-
tee of Elections in the case of Boyd vs. Kelso,
the pending question being upon the following
resolution reported by the committee:
Resolved, That John R. Kelso is entitled to retain
his seat in this House as a Representative in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress from the fourth congressional
district of Missouri.
Mr. UPSON. I am informed that neither
of the parti^ desire to discuss this report, and
unless some other gentleman desires to debate
it, I shall content myself with calling the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I am instructed to report from
the Committee of Elections the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of this House to S. H. Boyd the sum of §2.500 in
full for the time spent and the expenses incurred by
him in contesting the right of John R. Kelso to his
scat in this House as a Representative in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress from the fourth congressional district
of Missouri.
The committee, on examiningthe ease, agreed
that it came within the rule adopted by the
House.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
