1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%n
Mr. SAULSBURY. Ianswerfehehonorable
Senator with pleasure. The operation, the
effect of that amendment is simply to say that
a person who heretofore was a slave of another
shall be no longer his slave, and it operates no
further. _ It bestows no rights further than to
relieve him from the burdens of servitude and
slavery. A man may be a free man and not
possess the same civil rights as other men.
The time was in England when an accused party
was not entitled to counsel to aid him m his de-
fense. Nevertheless he was a free man. If not,
whose slave was he? Who could control his
person or his actions ? Who could appropriate
to his own use the labor of such a one? This
example will serve to illustrate my meaning and
confirms as true the position I assume. If yon
intended to bestow upon the freed slave all the
rights of a free citizen, you ought to have gone
further in your constitutional amendment, and
provided that not only the status axii. condition
of slavery should not exist, but that there should
be no inequality in civil rights.
Whether 1 have satisfied the mind of any Sen-
ator or any person in reference to this point, I
at least have satisfied my own mind that my
proposition is as clear as the sun at noonday.
Then, sir, that being the basis upon which the
honorable Senator from Illinois founds his ar-
gument. the sole authority which he claims for
this bill, I might content myself with dismissing
the subject here. I shall not follow the honor-
able Senator into a consideration of the man-
ner in which slaves were treated in the south-
ern States, nor the privileges that have been
denied to them by the laws of the States. I
think the time for shedding tears over the poor
slave has well nigh passed in this country. The
tears Which the honest white people of this coun-
try have been made to shed from the oppressive
acts of this Government in its various depart-
ments during the last foui years call more loudly
for my sympathies than those tears which have
been shedding and dropping and dropping for
the last twenty years in reference to the poor,
oppressed slave—dropping from the eyes of
strong-minded women and weak-minded men,
until, becoming a mighty hood, they have swept
away, in their resistless force, every trace of
eonst.itulional liberty in this country.
Mr. President, this bill is founded, in my judg-
ment, in an utter misconception of the true the-
ory, nature, and character of our system of gov-
ernment. Can any man believe that the founders
of this Republic, the intellectual giants of the
world, in the possession of freedom and self-
government under their State governments, en-
joying all the rights of free government before
they entered into this Union, would have ever
entered into the Union, which was intended
simply as a contract and agreement of union and
governmentbet.ween them for common purposes,
if they had supposed that in the short term of
eighty years their children would be subjected
to the absolute control and the omnipotent will of
the Fedeial Congress? I do not believe it. Let
us see whether this bill in its provisions is nota
total subversion of the true theory and character
of our Federal system.
If I refer to the A, B, C of elementary po-
litical principles in our history, pardon me. It
has become necessary, it seems, not only for
the people themselves but for American states-
men to familiarize themselves with the most
elementary truths and principles of political
science in reference to our Government. If
Congress does not get this power under the
amendment to the Constitution, as I have en-
deavored to show, where do they get it?
The time was when there were thirteen col-
onies. not States, upon the continent of North
America, separate, distinct colonies, and colo-
nies of Great Britain. They were not united:
they were political communities, distinct in
themselves, but over which what was called the
parent country exercised control. Neither of
those colonies was connected w'.th the others,
or owed to the others any duty, or was under
to the other any obligation. They remained
in that condition until the 4th of July. 1776,
whas for the first time those independent colo-
nies became, what? They became independ-
ent States. Was there any Constitution exist-
ing among them or bond of union at that time
which gave control to the one over the other
or bound it by any tie of obligation? They
united together so far as in common council to
declare their independence of Great-Britain,
and they styled themselves in. that immortal
Declaration ''independent States." As inde-
pendent States, having a common interest, they
chose to wage a common warfare, still preserv-
ing each its own independent existence; and
to prove that this was their condition- let me
ask, was there ever an indictment or trial for
treason against them as a united people during
the progress of the revolutionary war? Not
one ; but when treat-on was committed against
any one of the States by adhering to King
George, the party was indicted in the courts of
the State, lie wastriedforan offense againstthe
State, and not for an offense against the Uni-
ted Colonies.
In 1778 these separate and independent States
united in Articles of Confederation by their sep-
arate names, each reserving to itself its own
absolute sovereignty, and agreeing upon certain
conditions for certain general eommonpurposes
and benefits. Thus they continued until the
treaty of peace in 17S3. when the mother coun-
try by that treaty acknowledged tliem to be, what?
An independent United States? An in dependent,
united people, Government, ornation? No, sir;
but naming each separate State by name, she
acknowledged each to be a separate independ-
ent State. As separate and independent States
they continued until the formation of the Fed-
eral Union in 1787. In the Declaration of In-
dependence they declare themselves independ-
ent Slates. The independent colonies united
for common purposes of defense by the deeiar-
tion of their independence of Great Britain,
became independent States, united for the com-
mon purpose of making that declaration good
and effective. The Union of 17S7 ordains and
establishes the Constitution for the '• United
States of America." States in the Declaration
of Independence, States in the Articles of Con-
federation, and States in the Constitution evi-
dence the independent existence and sovereignty
of the States respectively. The ratification of
the Constitution was by the States, and not by
the majority of all the people, nor by a majority
of all the States. This ratification was at dif-
ferent times, and by each State acting for itself
alone. The words "we, the people ofthc Uni-
ted States,'' employed in the preamble to the
Constitution, do not in the least conflict, with
this proposition. These words, mean the same
and no more, a" we, the people of Delaware;
we, the people of Maryland; we, the people of
Pennsylvania, and we, the people of the other
States respectively; and the meaning is the
same as if the names of the several States had
been inserted in that preamble : and this is evi-
denced by the several and separate ratifications
of the Constitution and the form of such ratifi-
cation. The btvle or title of United States was
proper to describe a confederation or union of
independent States, but improper to describe
a consolidated nation. No nation or State of
America existed; but States did exist. The
Constitution was made by and for them, and
not by or for the nation or State of America.
The people of each Suite, or each State consti-
tuted by a people, conveyed to a Federal au-
thority. organized by States, a portion of State
sovereign powers, and retained all other State
sovereign powers. If the powers ceded or
granted were sovereign, so the powers retained
were sovereign. The mode of amending the Con-
stitution sustains the correctness of the general
proposition 1 have announced. Such amend-
ments must be proposed to each separate State,
and receive the ratification of each separately.
If the power to pass such an act as this ex-
ists anywhere, it must exist, in the Constitution
as originally framed. Sir. was if ever pretended
bvanv statesman before that that Constitution
conferred such a power as this? Look at the
powers enumerated in the Constitution and see
whether it is possible for the ingenuity of man
to arrive at the conclusion that any such power
exists; for, Mr. President, the Constitution is
the bond of agreement according to the terms
of which the States agreed to live together, knd
all the powers which Congress possesses are
found in the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution. They are: to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts," &c., t.o ''borrow
money," to "'establish uniform rules of natu-
ralization," to " coin money," to "providefor
the punishment of counterfeiting," to " estab-
lish post offices," to "promote the progress of
science and arts," to ''constitute tribunals"
of justice, to '• define and punish piracy," &e.,
to '• declare war," to " raise and support ar-
mies," to "provide a Navy," to "make rules
for the government and regulation of the land
and naval forces," to " provide for calling forth
the militia," &c., to "provide for organizing,
arming, and disciplining the militia," &c., to
"exercise exclusive legislation in all cases"
over this District, or such district as should be
established as the seat of Government, and to
"make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the forego-
ing powers."
That is the sole, almost the entire, authority
given under the Constitution to this Federal
Government. Under any of these powers
granted by the States to the Federal Govern-
ment docs amy such power as that now claimed
exist, for, mark you, all powers not granted by
that instrument are reserved to the States re-
spectively or to the people?
I propose now to examine this bill to see that
its provisions are such that it cannot come
within the power of Congress, either under the
Constitution before it was amended, or under
the Constitution as recently amended abolishing
slavery in the United States.
The honorable Senator from Illinois has
avowed that he docs not propose by this bill to
confer any political power. I have no doubt the
Senator is perfectly honest in that declaration,
and that be personally does not mean to give
any political power, for instance the right of
voting, not only to thefreedmen, buttothewholo
race of negroes: but the intention of the Sen-
ator in framing this bill will not govern its con-
struction, and 1 have not the least doubt that
should it lie enacted and become a law, it will
receive very generally, if not. universally, the
construction that it does confer aright of voting
in the States; and why do I say so? Says the
Senator, "It confers no political power; I do
not mean that." The question is not what the
Senator means, but what is the legitimate mean-
ing and import of the terms employed in the
''bill. Its words are, "That there shall be no
discrimination m civil rights or immunities."
What are civil rights? What are the rights
which you, I, or any citizen of this country en-
joy? What is the basis, the foundation of them
all? They are divisible into but two classes;
one, those rights which we derive from nature,
and the other those rights which we derive from
government. I will admit that you may divide
and subdivide the rights which you derive from
government into different classifications; you
may call some, for the sake of convenience and
more definiteness of meaning, political; you
mav call others civil.
But here you use a generic term which in its
most comprehensive signification includes every
species of right that man can enjoy other than
those the foundation of which rests exclusively
in nature and in the law of nature. N uw, 1 ask
the honorable Senator to show me, if he can,
any origin of a right he has or can have that
is iiot derived either from nature or from gov-
ernment. I shall enter into no discussion or
argument in reference to what are the rights
man has by nature ; they are familiar to t\ie
legal mind and to the thoughtful student. The
rights which a man has under government are
defined in the fundamental or other law of the
Government under which he lives. How do I
possess the right of voting in the State of Del-
aware? is that a civil right? A civil right I
define to be a right belonging to the citizen,
and which he possesses only by virtue of cit-
