1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2501
Carolina and men from Massachusetts and
Rhode Island stood side by side on the battle-
fields upon the plains of Mexico. Were not
the men of the South as brave and gallant as the
men of the North ? Did they shrink from respon-
sibility? They wereyour equals in every point
of view.
From the commencement of this Government
down to the commencement of this unfortunate
war they mot in councils of the nation ; they
met in judicial forums; they filled executive,
judicial, and ministerial offices side by side with
men of the northern States, and in every sta-
tion and position they were the peers and equals
of the men of the North.
You have recently met them in this civil war,
with five times their population and ten times
their resources, and tliey kept your gallantand
brave armies at bay for four long years. Their
councils were as wise, their measures were as
judicious for prosecuting the war and to effect
the objects which they had in view as yours were.
They kept you at bay. The cannon of their army
wore heard as often in this capital as your can-
non were heard in their capital at .Richmond.
Does this prove that they are your inferiors ?
You overcame them by numbers, not because
you were their superiors in wisdom, in gallantry,
in bravery. I admit and assert that they erred
in this matter. They claimed rights which did
not belong to them. Thousands of them, how-
ever, believed that they had these rights. They
acted upon that belief. But, sir, they have now
surrendered all those claims. What policy will
you now pursue toward them ?
• Mr. Speaker, if the doctrine of the party in
power is true, that those States are out of the
Union, that they have cut loose from their
obligations to the Constitution, and taken them-
selves outside of the pale of that instrument,
I ask you what have you gained by this war.
We waged a war to prevent their going out;
wo waged a war for the purpose of enforcing
the laws against them. We were successful,
as gentlemen say. The people of the South
waged a war to go out of the Union. They were
unsuccessful. Yet the doctrine of the party
in power admits that the rebels succeeded in
accomplishing the object for which they fought.
I ask again, what have you gained ? Have
you kept them in the Union? You say that
you have not. Have you maintained and sup-
ported and enforced the Constitution ? You
say that you have not. Then what have you
gained by this war which has cost this nation
so much blood and treasure? All that you
have gained is that you have entailed upon
yourselves and upon posterity a debt which
bears the nation down, and will continue to
bear it down as an incubus. You have freed,
it may be said, four million slaves. Yes, you
have freed four million slaves, who were pro-
ductive laborers, who were contented and happy
and well provided for, and you have thrown
them upon society unprepared for their con-
dition, destitute of that training and education
which are necessary to enable them to protect
themselves. You have converted one half of
them into vagabonds. That is a part of the
fruits of this war. You have done more. By
the demoralization of these people, and by the
policy which you. have adopted it) regard to
them, you have imposed upon the people a debt
which I will not attempt to estimate, for the
purpose of supporting a pet institution callpd
the Freedmen's Bureau.
Perhaps you have gained another object.
You have through that bureau manufactured
the materials that have filled the galleries of
this Hall during the whole session. Crowds
of these negroes have hung over us like a black
and threatening cloud, while we were crucify-
ing the Constitution of our fathers* and tram-
pling under our feet the rights and liberties of
the people in passing the Freedmeujs Bureau
bill, the civil rights bill, and the indemnity
bill. They have joined in the shouts of tri-
umph which have gone up when this House
has tramplod on the rights of the people and
set at naught the provisions of the Constitution.
What more do you propose by this measure?
You deny to the States the right of repudia-
tion. Yet, in the very act of denying that right,
you yourselves commit an act of repudiation.
You violate the honor of the nation, which is
most solemnly pledged td payment for the
slaves which were enlisted in the United States
Army in loyal slave Slates. In my State,
Kentucky, more than thirty thousand negroes
enlisted in the Union Army. Before that
enlistment an act was'passed by this Congress,
pledging the faith of the nation to payment for
the slaves that might be enlisted in the Union
Army in loyal slave States, not exceeding $300
api(?ce. Has such compensation ever been
made? It has not. The nation is pledged to
the payment of that debt. The nation to-day
owes to my State more than S10,000,000 under
the provisions of that act. Yet now you pro-
pose a constitutional provision denying both to
the States and the General Government the
right to pay such debts. By this measure you
propose to violate the plighted faith of the
nation; you propose to practice upon the people
an outrage and a violation of their rights.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are asked by gentle-
men here, and asked with an air of great con-
fidence and triumph, "Do you want these
rebels to lake seats in Congress? Are you
willing to admit to participation in the Govem-
mentrebels who have sacrificed and slaughtered
our people?" No, sir.
If these people are not pardoned and ac-
quitted then they have no right, as they have
violated the laws of the country, to enjoy all the
blessings of the protection of this Government;
but if they have been pardoned, if the political
sins of which they have boon guilty have been
wiped out, do you think your garb of loyalty
and patriotism is made of such flimsy stuff that
association with these men would soil and eon- |
taminate it? The mighty host, we are told,
that is gathered around the throne of the Most
High is composed of pardoned sinners, the
associates and companions of angels. _ But a
pardoned rebel must not associate with the
political Pharisees of this House!
Where are you going to? You are not will-
ing to associate with pardoned rebels. I un-
derstand the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] whois over fruit;
ful in resources in getting you in and out of
difficulties, is going to set up a little concern
of his own, and you who have been faithful to
him in life ought not to desert him in doatli,
and then you will be free from the contamina-
tion of pardoned rebels, mercy, and charity.
Nor will you be haunted and tormertted with
the veto messages of Andrew Johnson, the
wise patriot and statesman.
Mr. Speaker, there is but one other subject.
What ought to bo our policy here? Should it
be tyrannical and oppressive, or should it. be
liberal? We are told we cannot trust these
people. They have given up the right of seces-
sion ; they have taken the oath to support the
Government and the laws; whatare you going
to do with them ? Are you going to hold them
in subjugation? England has tried a policy of
that sort toward a noble and generous people,
the Irish. What has been the result of that
policy? Has it been to conquer them? It has
been to implant in the bosom of every Irish-
man a deep hatred of England. That hatred
has descended from sire to son; and I hope it
will continue to be transmitted until that noble
and generous people will rise in majesty and
power and secure their freedom. Bussia has
pursued a similar policy toward Poland. Has
the result been to subjugate the gallant Poles ?
They are ready at any moment to rise in rebel-
lion. Austria has pursued the same policy.
The result has always been the same.
The southern people whom it is proposed to
subjugate are a noble, brave people. They
may have been deluded, they may have com-
mitted a great crime, but they are now anxious
to unite with all of our people to sustain the
Government. Will you receive them? Will
you make them your friends? Will you rather
make them your enemies? This question we
must solve. -
They would be a most invaluable friend.
And in my opinion they would, if you would
adopt a kind, generous policy toward them,
receive them and extend to them equal State
and individual rights, and that without delay.
By your treatment prove to them that the war
you waged against them was not a war of con-
quest or subjugation or from malice or venge-
ance, but a war to maintain the Constitution
of our fathers and the rights of the Union of
the States, as you declared it was when you
took up arms and when the strife commenced.
Bedeem your plighted faith by your acts and
your policy, and peace, friendship, and pros-
perity will once more cover our now distracted
country. Then wo can bid defiance to the ene-
mies of our free institutions. No nation, how-
ever proud or domineering she may be, will
dare insult our flag or deny our just rights.
Generations unborn will rise up to praise and
bless your memories.
Let me beseech you in the name and behalf
of patriotism, justice, and a downtrodden and
oppressed people, to ccase your war on the
President of your selection ami choice, who
has exhibited to the world the highest order
of wisdom, patriotism, charity, justice, and
devotion to the equal rights of man. We will
once more see the charred cities and villages
that now dot a large portion of our Union rise
up in fresh and pure proportions; our deso-
lated fields will again blossom as a garden of
roses. But above all, under the wise and just
lead of President Johnson, we will see our
people gather around our country's altar, and
under the flag of a restored nation renew their
vows of obedience and devotion to the Con-
stitution of our fathers. But should you who
now hold the power in this House persist in
your persecutions and relentless oppression,
you may yet live to see the day when you will
regret the folly and madness that now hurries
you to the overthrow of your power. It may
be the overthrow and destruction of the best
Government that ever blessed mankind. That
your measures of policy will lead to peace or
harmony no dispassionate man can for a mo-
ment hope. You may discover when it is too
late that you have pressed your unequal lawa
beyond the point from which you can retreat.
You may bring down upon your country and
Government the condemnation of all enlight-
ened, civilized nations, and you may build up
a nation of just enemies in your midst, and
this land may again be drenched and deluged
with fraternal blood. May we and our chil-
dren be spared from that terrible crrdeal, is the
prayer of one who loves his whole country.
Discharge your joint committee on reconstruc-
tion ; abolish your Freedmen's Bureau; re-
•peal your civil rights bill, and admit all the
delegates from the seceded States to their
seats in Congress, who have been elected ac-
cording to the laws of the country and possess
the constitutional qualification, and all will bo
well.
[Here the hammer fell.]
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House papers
in the Pennsylvania contested-election case of
Koontz vs. Coffroth; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
ATTORNEY GENERAL'S OFFICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the acting Attorney Gen-
eral, transmitting, in compliance with a reso
lution of the House, a list of clerks, &c.; which
vas laid upon the table, and ordered to bo
printed.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker,-I took oc-
casion at an early stage of the session, while
making some remarks on the general subject
of restoration, to say that, in my judgment, the
joint committee to which it had been referred,
ought to lay the whole of their plan upon our
tables before asking us to act upon any of its
specific parts. I congratulate myself, sir, that,
although when first made the dnmand was
