1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3461
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land titles in california.
Mr. BIDWELL. I call up the njotion to
reconsider the vote by which bill of the Senate
No. 348, to quiet land titles in California was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. I
have no remarks to make on this question. _ I
will only say that this is a very important bill,
and one in which we who live on the Pacilic
coast feel a deep interest. I call the previous
question on it.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish merely to state to the
House that this bill 1ms been considered by the
Commiltee on Public Lands, and that it will be
reported under our regular call.
Mr. BIDWELL. If there is any objection,
I am willing to postpone the consideration of
the bill until the morning hour, but I desire to
Dring it before the House, and I hope there will
be no objection to my motion. I insist on the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
32, noes 52 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Julias
and Bidwell were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 44, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
'The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 51, not voting 78;
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Beaman, Benja-
min, IJoutwell, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Colliding, Cul-
lom, Doming, Dris^s, Dumont, Kekley, Eliot, l'jir-
quhar, Finck, G) ider, Ilale, Hart, Holmes, llotch-
ki^, Che-dor D. llnbbai-d, John II. Hubbard. Julian,
Ivasson, Latham, (reoifce V. Lawrence, William Law-
rcnee, t.on'ryear, Miller,Moorhoad, Moulton,O'Neill,
P.une, Perham, Pike, Samuel J. Randall, William II.
Hand,ill, John H. Hice, Sawyer, Sehenck, Seoiield,
Spalding, Til a ye r, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, \\ il-
iiam 1J. Washburn, James F. Wilson, Stephen i\
Wil-on.and Wliulom—50.
NAY'S —Me.-srs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, Delos It.
A-ihiey, Jialdwin, Banks, Bergen, Bidwcll, Bincham,
B) timwell, Buck laud, Cofrroth, Da vis, Dcniton, Dodge,
Ilonnelly, Eirsleston. Ferry, Glqssbrcnncr, Goodyear.
Ciinneil, Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, Hosan, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, James It. llubbeH,
iiiuniihrey, Ken-, Kuykcndall, Lafiin, Lynch, Mars-
ton , McClurg, McKee, Mcltuer, Mercur. Morris, Is ew-
oll.Niblack, Ortli, Priec, Sitgreaves. Stihvell, St rouse,
Taber, Taylor, John L. Thomas. t'p-on, Robert 1.
Van Hoi n, Henry I). Washburn, Welker, and Wood-
KOT VOTING —Messrs. James M. Ashley,Baker,
Barker, Baxter, Blaine, Blow, Bover, Bra.ndegee,
Bioomall. Bundy, Chanler,Reader W. Clarke. Cook,
Culver, Darling. Dawes, Dawson, Octrees, Delano.
Dixon, Eldridue, Fanisworlh, Garfield, (iriswold,
All-oil Harding, Abncr C. Harding, Hams, Hill,
Hooper, Edwin N. llubbell, Hulburd, Insrcrsoll,
.fenekes, Johnson. Jones, Kelley, Kel«o, Keleham,
Lc Blond, Loan, Marshall. Marvin, McCnlloiigh, JIc-
Indoe, Morrill, Myers, Nicholson. Noell, Patterson,
Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Radlord, Raymond, Alex-
ander 11. Rie,* Ritter, Rojreis, Rollins, Ross, Rous-
seau, Siinnklin, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stevens. Thornton, Trimble, Van Aernam, Burt V an
Horn Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Waslibume, Went-
wovth, Whaley, Williams, Winiield, and Wright—(8.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIDWELL. I call the previous ques-
tion on that, motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to make a single re-
mark upon this question. The Committee on
Public Lands have decided to report in favor
of this bill, and the committee will probably
be called to-day. Now, I ask that this House
will not permit'the discourtesy toward a stand-
ing committee of this House of reconsidering
the reference of this bill without any shadow
of reason or excuse therefor; and I ask the
yeas and nays on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BIDWELL. A single word. There is
a reason for this reconsideration. This is a
California bill, and I am informed that a very
wrong and odious amendment, in our opinion,
is attempted to be attached to the bill. As it
is a California measure we think that a mem-
ber from California should have the control
of-the bill while on its passage through this
House. Wo demand nothing but what is right,
but we are determined to stand firmly, at the
same time courteously and respectfully, by our
rights.
Mr. JULIAN. The amendment which the
Committee on Public Lands have agreed to
report to this bill is one which they have deemed
proper. All that we ask, without having any
feeling in the matter, is that this House shall
vote upon the propriety or impropriety of that
amendment'. If the amendment is voted down,
the bill will still be before the House for action.
We only ask that the Committee on Public
Lands shall be treated with a decent courtesy,
such as is accorded to every other standing
committee of this House.
Mr. IIIGBY. I did not consult with my col-
league [Mr. Biiiwktl] nor lie with me in this
matter. But I understand from the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands [Mr. Jr-
i.tax] that the bill now in question will be re-
ported by that committee to-day, or so soon as
that committee shall be called.
Mr. JIJLIAN. We will be called to-day or
to-morrow, and wo have decided to report that
bill with an amendment.
Mr. IilGBY. 'The amendment to which the
gentleman refers is one which my colleague
[Mr. Bidweij,] says is odious to him. It is
odious to the whole California delegation. And
all I ask, as a Representathe from California,
is, that whenever the bill is reported to the
House it shall be open for examination and
discussion. And if there should be any at-
tempt on the part of the Committee on Public
Lands to call the previous question and thus
cut off debate, I shall ask the IIousc to vote
down the previous question, so that the bill
may be open to investigation. 'With that un-
derstanding, I have no objection to the position
taken by the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, [Mr. Julian,] that the bill be
left to the committee, and that it shall be re-
ported with the understanding that it shall be
open for investigation. That is all I want.
Mr. BIDWELL. 1 wish to say to the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands [Mr. Julian] that if be will agree that
niv colleague, [Mr. McitCKU,] who is also a
member of that committee, shall report the bill,
and that ho or I shall have the control of it,
I will not press my motion to reconsider.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, as the chair-
man of that committee and its organ, and in
concurrence with its wishes, I claim the right,
to report the bill. I say, however, to my friend
from California that J propose no snap judg-
ment; I do not propose to cut off a fair hear-
ing-by calling the previous question. A full
and candid discussion of the measure is the
very thing that I want and all thai. I ask. If
the"House should disagree to the amendment
recommended by the committee the House will
be responsible, not myself or the committee.
We seek no improper advantage. Certainly I
am not making an extraordinary claim when
I insist on my right to report a bill agreed upon
by the committee of which I am chairman.
It its an extraordinary movement to attempt to
contrai ene that right by the motion which has
been made.
Mr. McRUER. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee oil Public Lands will report this bill
to-day, and will not, as he has indicated, with-
hold it, until all other bills are repoited, so that
thus the bill may die, I have no objection to
its being reported by the chairman. But, sir,
I fear that the bill 'in his hands will never be
reported.
Mr. JULIAN. I have said to the House
that I will report the bill, and I have nothing
more to add.
Mr. McRUER. I am not willing that we
shall lose our position on the floor to-day unless
the gentleman will agree to report the bill to-
day. If he will not do that, I must insist upon
our maintaining the position we now ha\e.
Mr. JULIAN. If the question is presented
here of the right of a local interest in California
to dictate to this House, and to dragoon itinlo
compliance with its own peculiar wishes and
purposes, 1 hope the House will so understand
the question, and with that understanding will
vote upon the motion which has been made.
Mr. HI GBY. In answer to the remark which
the gentleman has just made, I will say that if
this House should undertake to dictate to a
united delegation upon a local question, it will
do more than I anticipate, and more than this
House has done before.
Mr. J ULIAN. We simply propose to sub-
mit an amendment prepared by the committee.
Wo only ask a vote upon that amendment. Let
me add that the amendment involves principles
which affect the whole country, and not merely
the Slate of California.
Mr. Ill GBY. 1 am willing to take the word
of the gentleman. If he says that he will
report the bill, I have no doubt that he will
do so.
Mr. JULIAN. Of course I will.
The SPEAKER. This debate is not in
order, though it has been tolerated in the hope
that some arrangement would be agreed upon
between the delegation interested and the
committee. The previous question has been
seconded and the main question ordered.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object to further debate.
Mr. BIDWELL. I trust that the gentleman
will allow me to say three words.
Mr. BEAMAN. Very well.
Mr. PIKE. I object to further debate.
The SPEAKER." Debate is not in order
except, by unanimous consent; and objection
is made. The question is on the motion to
reconsider the vole by which the bill was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
on which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian'] has demanded the yeas and navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
'The "call of the roll was commenced, when
Mr. HIGBY said: I hope that in view of
the statement of the chairman of the commit-
tee, my colleague will withdraw the motion to
reconsider. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BIDWELL. I am willing to withdraw
the motion with the understanding expressed
by the gentleman from Indiana that he will
report 
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to debate. If the gentleman is willing to with-
draw the motion, let him withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
without unanimous consent.
Mi. BIDWELL. I withdraw my motion,
relying upon the justice ol the House that it
will not adopt a proposition against the wish
of the delegation immediately interested.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
dispensing with the further call ol the roll and
allowing t he gentleman from Cnlilornia to with-
draw his motion to reconsider?
'There was no objection, and the motion to
reconsider was withdrawn.
The next business in order was the call of the
Committee on Public Lands for reports.
indiana agricultural college.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, submitted an adverse report upon
the petition of the trustees of the Indiana Ag-
ricultural College, asking a modification of the
act of Congress donating lands for such col-
leges ; which was laid on the table.
humboldt canal company.
Mr. JULIAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back House
bill No. 000, to explain and limit an act to
gra.nt the right of way to the llumboldt Canal
(Jompany through the public lands of the Uni-
ted Slates, with the recommendation that it
do pass. It is in explanation of an act passed
at this session.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
approved June 12, 'lSOO. and entitled "An act
to grant the right of way to the itWholdl Ca-
nal Company through the public lands of the
