1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
to give them a floating hulk to die upon? If
it takes the spare Navy of the nation to give
these* people shelter and protection, a place to
lie down and be buried from, the inhumanity
of this nation would be arraigned before the
tribunals of the united world if it failed to apply
it to that purpose.
I do riot think there is any danger of this
power being abused. "Hulks" is the word-
used, and if the information before the Navy
Department is true, we have got plenty of
hulks oil which it would hardly be safe even
for cholera patients to be; [laughter;] but I
"trust th.ey would be appropriated to that- pur-
pose,, if no'better quarters could be had; and
therefore I trust that this resolution will pass.
I hope the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs will rid himself of all his fears on this
subject. The present able Secretary of the
Navy, watch'ful and vigilant as he is, and aided
by the Senator's counsel, will be at all times
able to sec that the Navy is not weakened to
any extent that would endanger it by letting
such vessels as are not in use be used for this
purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. My objection to this matter
may, in the estimation of the Senator from
Nevada, be "quibbling;" but it is pot "quib-
bling" in my estimation.
Mr. NYE. I did not say that.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator to
say so.
Mr. NYE. Oh, no, not by any means.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it is very important
that we should keep the operations of these
various departments distinct. If it becomes
.necessary that quarantine should be established
by the national Government at New York, I
am content that the Government should estab-
lish it. I undertake to say that if it does
establish it, it must be established under the
provisions of the Constitution that relate to
commerce between this country and foreign
countries, and it should be regulated by the
Treasury Department. I am not willing to give
to the Treasury Department or to the State De-
partment, as was proposed in the House of Rep-
resentatives the other day, the control of the
Navy, however it may be with the Senator
from Nevada or the Senator from Michigan. I
do not know the exact number, but I suppose
there are some thirty or forty revenue cutters.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are all now on duty
and used for this purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. I suspect the Senator is not
speaking with very great accuracy when he says
that all the revenue cutters are used for that
particular purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are all on police
duty.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe they have unlim-
ited power to build revenue cutters. If they
have not, let them apply to Congress and get
the necessary power to build revenue cutters.
When Senators cannot name a single vessel,
or hulk, as it is called, that can be used for
this purpose, not now in use by the national
Government, why do they propose to select
from the Navy vessels for this purpose?
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me for interrupting him, the Secretary of
the Navy himself told me that the North Car-
olina was condemned and was not in use for
any purpose. I named the North Carolina
because the Secretary of the Navy himself
gave me that personal assurance.
Mr. GRIMES. Of course I cannot speak
as to the conversations that took place between
the Secretary of the Navy and the chaiignan of
the Committee on Commerce. 1 can only say
that when I was at the Brooklyn navy-yard a
few months ago, the North Carolina was the
receiving ship at that station.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am aware that she
has been.
_ Mr. GRIMES. And I undertake to say that
it has not been changed yet. Doubtless she
A8 I>een condemned, as all of these receiving
ship® have been condemned, as no longer sea-
worthy. They are, not made receiving ships
until they have been first condemned. When
they have been condemned and are found unfit
to go to sea, then, if they are of the proper
size, they are converted into receiving ships,
and not before. When they become still fur-
ther worthless they are broken up.
Sir, I should like to know why it is that my
town cannot be protected as well as any other
one? The Senator from Nevada says he would
send the Michigan to Detroit; but how is he
going to take care of Buffalo, Cleveland, and
Toledo, that are ift a like condition of danger,
and have just as strong demands upon you as
the city of Detroit ? This question of humanity
is a very pleasant argument to urge, and a very
strong one, but it seems to me it ought not to
have a very great weight here with us. I am
willing to go as far as any of these Senators
in protecting these different cities and the
whole population of the United States against
cholera. I only ask you to keep the opera-
tions of these different Departments distinct.
I will vote -for any appropriation that the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce
may bring in here proposing to furnish quar-
antine for New York, if that is considered
necessary. If you want to build vessels for
the purpose, build them; but it seems to me
we ought to adhere to the principle that has
been well established in the past, that the oper-
ations of these different departments should
be kept perfectly distinct. We have had prop-
osition upon proposition, one to send a vessel
to assist in laying telegraph wires, another to
send three -ships to the great Exposition at
France, and now we have a proposition to take
other vessels and plant them wherever the Sec-
retary of the Navy and the Secretary of War
jointly may determine. If we agree to these
propositions what is to become of our Navy,
and how is the commerce of the city of New
York to be protected elsewhere?
Mr. RIDDLE. I am not disposed to inter-
fere or mingle in this debate. I agree with
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and shall vote against this resolution. I
am not disposed to make cholera hospitals out
of our naval vessels. I think that this talking
about the cholera in the Senate is only inviting
it here. I think the less we say about it the
better, because by talking about it we are in-
voking it, we are creating fears which should
not exist. I therefore move tp lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to laythe resolution on the table, and that
motion is not debatable.
Mr. CRESWELL. I understand the motion
to be to lay the whole subject on the table; and
if it takes the cholera with it I will yote for it.
[Laughter.]
The motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa to strike ont the words "and the
Secretary of the Navy," in the third line of
the resolution, so as to confine its operations to
the War Department.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Cowan, Davis,
Doolittle, Fessenclen, Grimes, Riddle, Sprague, Van
Winkle, and "Willey—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Kirkwood,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Nyo, Ramses:, Sumner,
Wade, and Yates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cragin, Dixon, Foot,
r oster, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, L&ne of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Norton. Poland,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton,
Trumbull, illiams, Wilson, and Wright—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
resolution by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That this resolution shall continue in
force one year from its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended; andthe amendment was con-
curred in, and ordered to be engrossed, ijpid the
joint resolution to be read a third time. It
was read a third time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I oppose this joint reso-
lution for a reason entirely different from those
stated, although I think those are sufficient. I
regard this as a proceeding that belongs to the
fourteenth or fifteenth ceutury, rather than the
nineteenth. No question in medicine that has
ever been disputed is better settled than that
quarantine is as useless against the cholera as
it would be to attempt to keep out the east
wind by quarantine ; and the effect of a meas-
ure of this kind will only be to divert the pub-
lic mind from the sanitary measures which
alone can arrest the progress of the disease,
and they are temperance, cleanliness, and
orderly living.
Mr. COWAN. Let it be referred to the com-
mittee on ventilation. [Laughter. ]
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that would be a
very proper reference for it; I think that com-
mittee could suggest much better measures than
a quarantine.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
I gin, Creswell, Guthrie, Harris, Morgan, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner,Van
AVinkle, Wade, "Wilson, andYates—19.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Cowan, Davis,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Grimes, Henderson, Riddle,
Sprngne, Trumbull, and Willey—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown. Dixon, Foot, Foster,
Hendricks. Howard. Howe, Johnson,Kirkwood, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall. Norton,
Poland. Saulsbury, Sherman, Stockton, Williams,
and Wright—19.
So the joint resolution was passed.
On motion of Mr.'MORGAN, its title was
amended by adding the words "forone year."
INTliR-STATE COMMERCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill (S. No. 66) to facilitate commercial,
postal, and military communication between
the several States, for the purpose of making
it the special order for this day week.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
made a special order ; there are other matters
of importance which are to be considered next
week.
Mr. CHANDLER. As there is objection to
making th.e bill a special order I withdraw my
motion and content myself now with giving
notice that I "shall at an early day call up the
bill and press it to a vote.
GOLDSMITH BROTHERS.
On motion of Mr. NESMITII, the bill (S.
No. 192) for the relief of Goldsmith Brothers,
of the cities of Sati Francisco, California, and
Portland, Oregon, brokers, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
By its terms the Secretary of the Treasury is
to be authorized and required to issue and pay
to Goldsmith Brothers, of the cities of San
Francisco, California, and Portland, Oregon,
brokers, two seven-thirty United States Treas-
ury notes, for the payment of $5,000 each, in
lieu of two United States seven-thirty Treasury
notes of the value of $5,000 each, dated June
15, 1865, and respectively signed by the Treas-
urer and numbered three hundred and sixty-
four and three hundred and sixty-five, issued
under an act of Congress passed March 3) 1865,
entitled "An act to provide ways and means
for the support of the 'Government," which
notes were lost or destroyed by the wreck of
the steamer Brother Jonathan off the port of
Srescent City, on the 31st of July, 1865. Gold-
smith Brothers are first to execute a bond in
the penal sum of $20,000, to be approved by
the Solicitor of the Treasury, indemnifying the
United States against any loss on account of
the issuing of the notes.
Mr. CLARK. The bill_ should be amended
in the nineteenth line by inserting the words
"with-sufficient sureties" after the word
" bond," so as to. read "a bond, with sufficient
■sureties, in thepenal sum of $20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
