3462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
United States," shall never be held or con-
strued to authorize the grantee therein to divert
the water of said river from its natural channel
to such an extent as to deprive the occupants
of farming and agricultural lands alojjg said
liver of the free and adequate use of the water
of the same necessary for the ordinary use of
said lands by settlers thereon; nor to permit
said company to appropriate land in the bona
fide occupation of settlers on the public lands
without making compensation for the land to
be taken.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
road a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISCONTINUANCE OF LAND OFFICES.
Mr. JULIAN, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the discontinuance of
land offices and authorizing modifications in
the limit of said districts; which was read a
first and second time. It proposes that when-
ever the public land in a State shall have been
so nearly sold out as to render unnecessary the
continuance of the district office of the register
and receiver it shall and maybe lawful for the
Secretary of the Interior to order the transfer
to the General Land Office of the land archives
belonging to such districts, and in regard to the
disposal of any residue of public lands in such
district, the Commissioner shall possess all
powers previously possessed by the register
and receiver; and that whenever in the judg-
ment of the Secretary of the Interior it shall
be advantageous to the public interests to mod-
ify ihe limits of a land district, either by en-
larging or diminishing the same, he shall be,
and is hereby, authorized to cause such modifi-
cation to be made, giving timely public notice
thereof.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OREGON LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. JULIAN, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate bill No. 30, to create
an additional land district in the State of Ore-
gon, with the recommendation that it do pass.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to establish an additional land
district in the State of Oregon and to fix its
boundaries, which district shall be named after
the place at which the office shall first be estab-
lished ; and the President is from time to time,
as circumstances may require, to adjust the
boundaries of the various land districts in that
State, and to change the location of the land
office. A register and receiver are provided
for, to reside at the site of the office, to receive
the same fees and perform like services as
other land officers in that State.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEVADA LAND GRANT.
Mr. JULIAN, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate bill No. 215, con-
cerning certain lands granted to the State of
Nevada, with amendments.
The bill approves the appropriation by the
constitution of the State of Nevada to educa-
tional purposes of the five hundred thousand
acres of laad granted to that State by the law
of September 4,1841, for purposes of internal
improvement; land equal in amount to seventy-
two entire sections for the establishment and
maintenance" of a university in that State is
granted to the State of Nevada. The grant
made by law of the 2d of July, 1862, to each
State, of land equal to thirty thousand acres
for each of its Senators and Representatives
in Congress, is extended to the State of Ne-
vada; and the diversion of the proceeds of
these lands in Nevada from the teaching of
agriculture and mechanic arts to that of the
theory and practice of mining is allowed and
authorized without causing a forfeiture of said
grant. The President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, is authorized to appoint a surveyor
general for Nevada, who shall locate his office
at such place as the Secretary of the Interior
shall from time to time direct, whose compen-
sation shall be $3,000 per annum, and whose
duties, powers, obligations, responsibilities,
and allowances for clerk hire, office rent, fuel,
and incidental expenses shall be the same as
those of the surveyor general of Oregon, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
and such instructions as he Aay from time to
time deem it advisable to give him. In extend-
ing the surveys of the public lands in the State
of Nevada the Secretary of the Interior may,
in his discretion, vary the lines of the subdi-
visions from a rectangular form, to suit the
circumstances of the country; but in all cases
lands valuable for mines of gold, silver, quick-
silver, or copper shall be reserved from sale.
Until the State of Nevada shall have received
her full quota of lands named in the first, sec-
ond, and third sections of this act, the public
lands in that State shall not be subject to entry,
sale, or location under any law of the United
States, or any scrip or warrants issued in pur-
suance of any such law, except the homestead
act of May 20, 1862, and acts amendatory
thereto, and under the acts granting gmd regu-
lating preemptions, but shsj.ll be reserved ex-
clusively for entry and sale by the State for
the period of two years after such survey shall
have been made; provided, the State shall
select such lands in her own name and right,
and dispose of them only to actual settlers and
bona fide occupants.
The amendments of the committee were
read, as follows:
Page 3, line eight, strike out the word "under."
Pago 3, line ten, strike out the words " and sale."
i Pago3, lino twelve, after the word "right," insert
in tracts of not less than forty acres."
4( I'ajrc 3, line thirteen, after thowoid "same," insert
" in tracts not exceeding three hundred and twenty
acres each."
Page 3, lino fourteen, after the word " occupants,"
insert "and further provided, that city and town
property shall not be subject to selection under this
act."
The amendments were severally agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading : and it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr.JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. JULIAN, from the same committee,
reported back with amendments Senate bill
No. 37, making a grant of lands in alternate
sections to aid in the construction and exten-
sion of the Iron Mountain railroad from Pilot
Knob, in the State of Missouri, to Helena, in
Arkansas.
The amendments reported by the committee
were of a verbal character.
The bill was read in full.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to ask a question in
reference to the phraseology, "ten sections in
width on each side of the roadwhether the
fair construction of that language would not
give them ten sections on each side of the road.
Mr. JULIAN. If there is anything equivo-
cal in the language I will accept a modification.
Mr. PRICE. I think it is proper that the
language should be changed so as to make it
definite. It reads, " every alternate section of
land designated by odd numbers for ten sections
in width on each side of the road." I move to
amend it by substituting " five " for " ten;" so
that it will read '' five sections in width on each
side of the road."
Mr. JULIAN. I accept the amendment and
call the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be read a third time; and it was accordingly
read the third time and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I have one
other bill which I reserve for the present, and
yield to my friend from Michigan.
PORTAGE LAKE SIIIP-CANAL.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 193,
granting lands to the State of Michigan to aid
in the construction of a harbor and ship-canal
at Portage Lake, Keweenaw Point, Lake Su-
perior, in said State, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, the bill re-
ported appropriates two hundred thousand
acres of land to aid in the construction of a
ship-canal to connect Portage Lake with Lake
Superior at the base of Keweenaw Point, in
the State of Michigan, and provide a harbor
of refuge at that exposed and dangerous point
of navigation. The canal is to be one hundred
feet wide, thirteen feet deep, and two miles
and six hundred feet long, with a capacious
harbor at its juncture with Lake Superior. The
construction of these works will save nearly
three hundred miles of the most dangerous
navigation on the westernlakes, around Kewee-
naw Point, to every vessel making the round
trip to the copper mines or to other points on
the head waters of Lake Superior ; a glance at
the map will satisfy any person of this fact. It
is an improvement, as all must admit, second
to no other in importance to the commerce of
the northwestern lakes, especially to that of
Lake Superior, and demanded by all interested
in it, for the greater security of life and prop-
erty, the increased facility for expedition, and
the reduction of cost in transporting the min-
eral and agricultural products of the vast coun-
try upon its borders and beyond which must
have an outlet through that greatest of all
inland seas to the East and the Atlantic.
The national importance of this improve-
ment—for it is by no means a local or State
work in its character or benefits to be derived
from it—may be judged from the fact that eight
States bordering on the western lakes and other
States east of them are largely interested in the
extensive commerce of those lakes.
The Legislature of the State of New York
has, by joint resolutions, recommended the
passage of the measure by Congress, and re-
quested its Senators and Representatives, in
the language of these resolutions—
/' To further, by their best efforts, and by all ju-
dicious means, its adoption, because it will tend
greatly to' promote the commercial interests of that
State."
The Legislature of "Wisconsin has pressed
this measure upon its Senators and Represent-
atives by concurrent resolutions; and it will be
seen from her geographical position that that
State is prompted by a deep interest in the
work.
The State of Minnesota, by the adoption of
joint resolutions by its two last Legislatures,
has petitioned Congress for this measure, and
urged upon its Senators and Representatives
their energetic influence to secure the construc-
tion of the proposed canal and harbor by the
passage of this bill.
The State of Michigan, within which the pro-
posed improvements are located, and to the
