2502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
reeedved with anything bat favor, the commit-
tee now concede its justice by complying with
it. It seemed to me then, as it seems to the
committee now, that when a proposition em-
bracing several branches more or less inter-
dependent and all essential to the object sought
to be attained, justice and fair dealing required
that Congress should have possession of the
whole case before being required to act upon
any of its parts. We may see the result of a
different course in the recent experience of the
British House of Commons. That House was
called on to consider a scheme of parliament-
ary reform, consisting of two brandies, one an
extension of the suffrage, and the other a reap-
portionment of representation, or, as they style
it, a redistribution of seats. The ministry sub-
mitted its programme for the first bat withheld
the second. Thereupon a portion of the min-
isterial party demanded to see the whole plan
befoi e acting upon part of it. The ministry re-
fused to comply, and the result of their refusal
was that, although they commenced the ses-
sion with a majority of sixty, they carried the
bill on its second reading by the meager ma-
jority of five, in a House of over six hundred
members.
I am glad to see that the reconstruction com-
mittee does not imitate the obstinacy of the
British ministry. After long delay and several
attempts 1 o carry single parts of its proposi-
tion, it now submits the whole of the plan by
which it proposes to restore the Union. I must
say that 1 see nothing in the report which re-
quired any such delay, nothing which depends
lor its validity or force upon the evidence which,
with such protracted pain, the committee has
spent five months in collecting. And it is for-
tunate for us that this is so, for Congress is not
yet in possession of any considerable portion
of the testimony. It has not yet been printed
and laid upon our tables to guide our action.
Bui. sir, without dwelling further upon these
preliminary matters, 1 will proceed to state the
nature oflhe report which has thus been made.
The programme of reconstruction reported by
the commitlee consists of three parts: first,
a scries of live constitutional amendments,
upon as many different subjects, each distinct
from the other; and then two bills, one provid-
ing for the admission into Congress of Repre-
sentatives from the States lately in rebellion
upon certain conditions, and the other exclud-
ing from federal offiecs for all time to come
certain classes of persons who have been en-
gaged in that rebellion. The. House lias ordered
that these throe propositions shall be taken np
in succession, and the proposed amendments
to the Constitution are the only topics which
are properly before us for our action now. I
concur fully in the suggestion of the President'
of the United States, that it would be wise,
when acting upon amendments to the Consti-
tution, that all the States to be affected by them
should be represented in the debate. 1 do not
understand him to hold, I certainly do not hold
myself, that the presence of them all is essen-
tial to the validity of the action we may take;
and inasmuch as they are to be submitted, if
adopted by us, to all the States of the Union
for their ratification, and as the assent of three
fourths of all those States will be required to
make them valid as parts of the Constitution,
I am quite willing to take action upon them
here even in the absence of those States which
are as yet, without representation.
And now, sir, with regard to these amend-
ments, five in form, but only four in substance,
I have this to say: ihat, with one exception,
they arc such as commend themselves to iny
approval. The principle of the first, which
Ecourrs an equality of rights among all the citi-
zens ol the linked States, has had a somewhat
curious history. It was first embodied in a
proposition introduced by the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Btngham.] in the
form of an amendment to the Constitution,
giving to Congress power to secure an absolute
equality of civil rights in every State of the
Union. It was discussed somewhat in that
form, but, encountering considerable opposi-
tion from both sides of the House, it was
finally postponed, and is still pending. Next
it came before us in the form of a bill, by which
Congress proposed to exercise precisely the
powers which that amendment was intended
to confer, and to provide for enforcing against
State tribunals the prohibitions against unequal
legislation. I regarded it as very doubtful, to
say the least, whether Congress, under the
existing Constitution, had any power to enact
such a law; and 1 thought, and still think, that
very many members who voted for the bill also
doubted the power of Congress to pass it, be-
cause they voted for the amendment by which
that power was to be conferred. At all events,
a'Cting for myself and upon my own conviction
on this subject, I did not vote for the bill when
it was first passed, and when it came back to us
from the President with his objections I voted
against it. And now, although that bill be_-
came a law and is now upon our statute-book,
it is again proposed so to amend the Constitu-
tion as to confer upon Congress the power to
pass it.
Now, sir, I have at all times declared myself
heartily in favor of the main object which that
bill was intended to secure. I was in favor of
securing an equality of rights to all citizens of
the United States, and of all persons within
their jurisdiction; all I asked was that it should
be done by the exercise of powers conferred
upon Congress by the Constitution. And so
believing, I shall vote very cheerfully for this
proposed amendmentto the Constitution, which
1 trust may be ratified by States enough to make
it part of the fundamental law.
The second amendment which is proposed
to the Constitution relates to the basis of rep-
resen tation. That has also been already before
this House for its action, and I have always
declared myself in favor of the object it seeks
to accomplish. As I remarked on a previous
occasion, I do not think the South ought to gain
a largo increase of political power in the coun-
cils of the nation from the fact of their having
rebelled, as they will do if the basis of repre-
sentation remains unchanged. But when it
was presented before it came in a form which
recognized by implication the right, of every
State to disfranchise a portion of its citizens
on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, and provided that whenever
any portion of any race should be thus dis-
franchised by any State, the whole of that race
within that State should be excluded from
enumeration in fixing the basis of representa-
tion. A% the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] said yesterday, it provided that
"if a single one of the injured race was excluded
from the right of suffrage, the State should forfeit
the right to have any of them represented;'' and
he added that he preferred it on that account.
Well, sir, I did not. When it was presented
before, the distinguished gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] made a very powerful argu-
ment against it. He showed that it tended
directly to discourage every southern State
from preparing its colored population for en-
franchisement ; that it deprived them of all
inducement for their gradual admission to the
right of suffrage, inasmuch as it exacted uni-
versal suffrage as the only condition upon
which they should be counted in the basis of
representation at all. 1 thought that argument
entitled to great weight. I have never yet
heard it answered. The gentleman from Ohio
converted me to that view of the subject, and
although he relinquished or waived it himself,
I could not. I voted against a proposition
which seemed tome so unjust and so injurious,
not only to the whites of the southern States,
but to the colored race itself. Well, sir, that
amendment was rejected in the Senate, and
the proposition, as embodied in the commit-
tee's report, comes before us in a very differ-
ent form. It is now proposed to base repre-
sentation upon suffrage, upon the number of
voters, instead of upon the aggregate popula-
tion in every Stale of the Union. And as I
believe that to be essentially jusl, and likely
to remedy the unequal representation of which
complaint is so justly made, I shall give it my
vote.
The third amendment embodied in this re-
port is of an entirely different character. It
provides that until the year 1870 all persons
within the States lately in rebellion who "vol-
untarily adhered to the rebellion and gave it
aid and comfort" shall be " excluded from the
right of voting for members of Congress and
for electors of President and Vice President
of the United States."
Now, the first thing that strikes my atten-
tion in this is, that this amendment recognizes
these States as States, and as States within the
Union. How else, upon what other ground,
are they authorized to be represented at all?
The amendment does not confer upon them
any right of representation. It does not con-
fer upon their people any right of voting. It
recognizes their right to representation. It
recognizes the general right of suffrage aa
belonging to the people of these States. It
simply limits that right thus recognized as
existing. It excludes a portion of the people
from exercising that right of suffrage which in
the absence of such exclusion they would pos-
sess. Now, this discards entirely the doctrine
that these States are Territories, the doctrine
that they are conquered provinces, and that
their people are alien enemies, out of the
Union and without rights of any kind. And
so far it has my hearty approbation.
But, sir, it proposes to exclude the great body
of the people of those States from the exercise
of the right of suffrage in regard to Federal
officers. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Broomall,] in his very ingenious argu-
ment this morning, attempted to show that it
would not exclude more than one in twelve of
the voters in the southern States. But it seems
to mo idle to enter into such calculations, which
depend on a series of estimates, each one of
which cannot be anything more than a wild
and random guess. I take it that we all know
perfectly well that the great masses of the
southern people "voluntarily adhered to the
insurrection;" not at the outset, not as being
originally in favor of it, but during its progress,
sooner or later, they voluntarily gave in their
adhesion to it, and gave it aid and comfort.
They did not all join the army. They did not
go into the field, but they did, at different
times, from various motives and in various
ways, give it aid and comfort.
Well, sir, that would exclude the great body
of the people of those States under this amend-
ment from exercising the right of suffrage. It
is proposed to permit those only who did not
at any time nor in any way thus adhere to the
insurrection to vote for members of Congress
and for presidential electors. I do not think
they would number more than one tenth of tho
whole population. But even if they should
number one eighth or one fifth they would still
constitute but a very small portion of the peo-
ple to be clothed with the exclusive powers of
government. They would still constitute a
government oligarchical and not republican in
form. Yesterday the chairman of the joint
commitlee on reconstruction, [Mr. Stevess,]
in his forcible remarks introducing this report,
took ground against admitting the members-
elect from Tennessee and Arkansas because
they do not represent their constituents. " Do
not tell me," said he, "that there are loyal
representatives waiting for admission; until
their States are loyal they can have no stand-
ing here, for they would merely misrepresent
.their constituents." And yet he proposes
that we shall allow one fifth, one eighth, or
one tenth, as the case may be, of the people
of these southern States to elect members
from those States, to hold seats upon this
floor. Now, would not men thus elected in
the most emphatic sense misrepresent their
constituents? How can the gentleman from
Pennsylvania favor such a proposition as this,
which is certain to secure members who will
not truly represent their States, when he re-
fuses admission to the loyal delegation from,
Tennessee? By what process of reasoning
