62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Basis of Representation—'Mr. Hogan,
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
country ; its losses are the losses of the Ameri-
can Union; its prosperity was once part of our
prosperity; its wealth was part of our national
wealth, and now its desolation is a portion of
the loss of the country by the war, which as
statesmen and pati'iots we should now labor to
restore by every means in our power. I do
not say that this war was not necessary, nor
yet on the whole not beneficial in many ways
to the country, but that now when it is happily
over^ when throughout the length and breadth
of the land the people are rejoicing at once
more beholding the dawn of peace, when strife
has ceased and the burdens necessary to war
heretofore cheerfully borne by the people may
be expected to cease, the people expect their
chosen Representatives to spring to the Work
of so modifying the existing systems of taxa-
tion as to render them less oppressive to the
masses and more equitable in their adjustment.
These great questions, however, are required
to sleep, pressed off until the session is far ad-
vanced, and no time be allowed for calm and
proper deliberation, while we gravely, from day
to day, discuss the question of suffrage in this
District, and amendments to the Constitution
'for African elevation. I entreat gentlemen
to think of the necessities of the country, and
as there is no imperative necessity for making
this so absorbing a question, that we defer it
until we have nothing more important.
Sir, in the progress of this debate some
strange things have ,been uttered and strange
positions taken by gentlemen who favor these
innovations. In their great zeal for the colored,
they seem anxious to decry the white race,
and would lead the world to infer that this coun-
try is indebted almost wholly to the colored
soldiers for the suppression of the "great rebel-
lion." Now, sir, these gentlemen cannot have
thought much about the position they assume,
or else in their zeal for the favorite they be-
came blind to the merits of all the whites who
came to the rescue and achieved successes be-
fore colored troops were even allowed to enter
our armies in any form except as servants or
teamsters.
Tt, was not colored soldiers who fought at
Oartliage, or Wilson's creek, or New Madrid,
or Island No. 10. They did not storm the
strongholds at Fort Donelson ; nor yet aid in
the repulse at Shiloh; nor wore they in the
lead at Chickasaw bayou; nor did they capture
Vicksburg nor Arkansas Post. They were not
relied on to reclaim the Peninsula lrom York-
town to Williamsburg, nor did they achieve
glory at the Seven Pines. The truth is, all of
those early victories were won by the indom-
itable courage of the white race alone, and in
great j>art by the bravery of those soldiers of
German birth whom the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswoiith] seems to regard as inferior
to his great favorite, the negro, and whom in his
resolutions he characterizes as "ignorant for-
eigners who do not understand our language."
Yet this very class of men were among the
first to spring to arms as volunteers, not wait-
ing either to be drafted or receive bounties,
but plunged early into the fight in defense of
the Union, especially in the West, and chiefly
remained in the Army until the close of the
war.
The gentlemen on the other side have no
encomiums to bestow on this class; they are
not especial favorites ; they are only spoken of
as "ignorant foreigners who do not understand
our language they are to be put below the
negro, because these latter are "native and
to the manner born." And while the gentle-
man from Illinois decries the German and the
Swiss and other continental Europeans of our
armies as less intelligent and deserving than
the native-born negro, other gentlemen assail
the Irish as vastly below the negro in every
particular.
Thus the fanaticism of the Republican party
having .made an idol of the African, determined
to give him a monopoly of all good qualities;
and the more effectually to do so degrade the
character, the intelligence, and the manhood of
the foreign-born whites who in such numbers
entered our armies and contributed so much
by their bravery, skill, and intelligent endur-
ance to insure victory to the arms of the Union.
But, sir, if wo believe the assertions of the
advocates of African enfranchisement in this
Hall, we will almost be led to believe that the
pusillanimous whites of this country, native
and foreign, would have suffered this republican
Government to have been broken up and our
country ruined, had not the noble negro sprung
patriotically to the rescue and saved our coun-
try for us.
Sir, I think this is all nonsense. I do not
deny to the African race all the honor to which
they are fairly entitled. I would not detract
from them nor undervalue their services, but I
do not see that they came as volunteers to the
rescue of the Republic. In the early stages of
negro enlistment they were generally incited by
largeprospective bounties and privileges offered
by Massachusetts and other northern States to
enlist, while in Kentucky and Missouri very
many were literally captured and kidnapped
into the Army ; and finally, when the conscrip-
tion system was adopted, they were compelled,
like others, to serve in the Union-armies. But
long before any of these things happened nearly
one million whites, native and foreign-born,
had bared their bosoms to the deadly shot, the
blood of thousands had been spilt, and multi-
tudes had laid down their lives in the defense
of the country which they loved, and left to their
children a patriotic name. But they never
supposed that in the Halls of Congress the time
would come when they would be placed below
the African and their self-sacrifice ignored for
the purpose of negro elevation.
But, sir, it is not true that by your laws you
have recognized oven the equality of the Afri-
can to the soldiers of the Caucasian race, even
to those of foreign birth, much less the present
contended-for superiority of the former; for in
the organization of negro troops you have re-
quired they shall be officered exclusively by
whites; andl believe it is a truth, that in all this
war no African has ever reached a higher ele-
vation than a non-commissioned officer in your
armies. Sir, this fact itself shows who those
were upon whom the safety of the Republic,
the maintenance of its integrity, devolved ; and
notwithstanding all the pathos of the advocates
of the African race, all their assumptions, all
their eulogiums, the people of all this coun-
try and of all the world know that it was the
prowess and endurance of the white race that
won this great victory. And notwithstanding
the attempted degradation of the non-English-
speaking portions of our armies by the gentle-
man from Illinois, or of the Irish by the other
gentleman, all these have fully vindicated their
martial bearing upon the battle-field, and have
shown the world devotion to the cause of con-
stitutional government by their persistent valor,
which will challenge admiration for all time.
And they have not only illustrated their capa-
city to fight, but also to lead and to command.
They have attained high position, and their
bravery and skill have caused their names to be
inscribed as high 011 the tablet of fame as those
born 011 the soil. The n?*mes of Mulligan and
Corcoran, and multitudes of Irish heroes who
fought and bled in this war, will live in " song
and story," to illustrate the prowess of the sons
of the "Emerald Isle," beside the name of
Montgomery and others from the same land,
who fought and fell in the earlier, I may say,
all the wars of the Republic. And, sir, there
are not wanting names of men who were chiefly
"ignorant of our language," continental Euro-
peans, like Osterhaus and many others, who like
De Ivalb and La Fayette and many other for-
eigners, vindicated our original independence.
True, they were not the pets of fanatics. They
had not employed scribblers to wiite them up.
They relied on I,heir good right arm to vindicate
them, on their own innate bravery to illustrate
their deeds, and it is inscribed in imperishable
granite ; and the numerous general and field
officers which foreign nationalities among us
have given to the Republic in this terrible strug-
gle clearly prove the vast superiority of these
races over the now petted "wards of the na-
tion," of.fanatics.
But there is one more point to which I desire
to advert. The advocates of African enfran-
chisement are equally ardent in their advocacy
of the disfranchisement of all the white race at
the South. There is no term of commendation
too exalted to be employed in behalf of the
noble and devoted, unselfish, patriotic African
race. Nor does our language, extensive as'it
is, furnish epithets of suliicient opprobrium to
characterize the infamy of all the white people of
the South. The bitterness displayed here to-
ward those of our race unfortunately domiciled
in the South is to me in exceedingly strange
contrast with the honeyed words and more than
affectionate phrases employed toward a differ-
ent race, held in all the past as greatly inferior
to our own in all particulars. And I, for one,
have been led to inquire why this universal
denunciation of the white and equally universal
commendation of the black or African race;
why the one is absolutely anathematized and
the other almost deified; why these gentlemen
can find nothing too good to bestow upon the
one, nothing too bad to heap upon the other?
And the general answer given in all the speeches
of most of those occupying the last few weeks
in the effort to secure universal suffrage, or
rather male suffrage without regard to color,
is, the blacks all were loyal, were our friends,
the whites were all our enemies, all disloyal,
and hence we should to them carry out the old
Jewish rule, " Thou shalt hate thine enemy,"
and this hatred must be nourished, cultivated,
perpetuated, everything must be done to foster
it. And as the exaltation of' the former servile
race over our enemies will assuredly manifest
most "hatred," we will take that course, and
make our enemies " bite the dust."
Now, I am not prepared to admit these prem-
ises. All the blacks in the South were not
"loyal'were not our "friends," did not rush
to "our rescue;" did not "fly to arms" for
"our defense." Only some one hundred and
eighty or one hundred and ninety thousand of
all the Africans in the whole land were brought
into the Army under all the appliances used,
of bounties, impressments, conscriptions, fugi-
tives from former ownersand every other means,
while there were more than two million white
men engaged in the fight to put down the rebel-
lion and give freedom to the slaves. But lie-
side this there is another statement, which I
am indebted to a major general in the Army for,
and have seen stated by others, which is, that
of the "white men." in the rebellious States,
there were more voluntary enlistments in "the
Union Army'' than of all the colored people by
every means brought into the same Army.
Now, if this statement is correct, and I have
not seen it denied, how shall we account for the
zeal of gentlemen for the African and their
hatred of the Caucasian? The plea that the
blacks have "saved this nation, and have se-
cured for us our liberty," is all mere nonsense.
Better might we assume that the two hundred
thousand or more southerners who came into
our Army saved it. But they did not; they
only aided in the work, as did also the Africans.
But surely if honor and gratitude are due the
blacks for what they did in the struggle, more
honor and much more gratitude are due to the
southern whites who came to our assistance;
for these latter came "voluntarily;" came
because of the "Union" and its emblematic
'' flag." They encountered hazards of all kinds,
endured privations and hardships untold, gave
up allprospeets of home, preferment, and pecu-
niary gain. They did not ask for bounties or
freedom, but only for the privilege and honor
of battling for their country and ils unity ; and
