1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Basis of Representation—Mr. Hogan.
Ho. of Reps.
now what is the reward proffered them for their
toil and valor and suffering? Why, the major-
ity of this House announced to tliem, '' Go back
to the land you deserted to eome to our aid.
We hate you and all your viper race. We in-
tend to remit your States below the grade of
Territories. We disfranchise all you whites and
enfranchise the blacks, and sustain«them in
ruling over you, as in times past you have ruled
over them." And, sir, to accomplish these
> purposes more effectually, this effort to amend
the' Constitution is to be pressed and the south-
ern Stales held from participating in the legis-
lation of Congress or having any interest in the
business of the country.
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to alithis._ I
think it all wrong. I do not believe the Union
is or has been dissolved, and so believing, my
oath of office, as 1 conceive its nature, precludes
me from following in the lead of gentlemen on
the other side of this question.
I do not enter into the argument which has
occupied so much of the time of this House,
and the attention of gentlemen, as to what Gro-
tius or any other learned publicist says about
the law of nationSj the powers of States, the
relations of sovereigns, civil or uncivil wars,
and all that. I am no lawyer, hence will not
bring to bear on this question arguments de-
rived from these sources. These are plain,
matter-of-fact questions, and in a plain matter-
of-fact way the people of this country will deal
with them, and, in my judgment,, the question of
the people to-day is, who dissolved the Union;
when was it dissolved? And to these ques-
tions the American people will bring their Rep-
resentatives for an answer. And they will not
take their ideas from these learned foreign
authors, who knew nothing of such a Federal
Republic as ours with a written Constitution in
which the lines and rights of State and General
Governments are so clearly defined, and which
possesses in itself no power of dissolution ex-
cept by general consent.
When and by whom was this Union of States
dissolved? Gentlemen have talked about the
southern States as being out of the Union, as
being alien enemies, as conquered provinces,
to be governed by the will of the conqueror, as
subject to sequestration, confiscation, and every
other evil which may be imposed upon them by
this Congress.
Sir, I ask still, and again, when did these
States get out of the Union ? Was it when they
attempted to secede ? If they went out of the
Union then, and they had the right to go, by
what right did we go to war with them, and for
what did we fight?
We have always acted on the doctrine that
" governments are formed by the conscnt of the
governed," and if the people of the southern
States deemed it to their interest to '' dissolve
the tie" that bound them to us, and^ if, then,
secession accomplished the dissolution, then
surely we had no right to prevent them from
going, much less to fight tliem back. But we
did not believe they had the power thus to sep-
arate themselves from the Union. We acted on
the assumption that the secession was a revolt,
not of the masses of the people, but of some
restless spirits, and hence the General Govern-
ment, being by the organic law required to pre-
serve all the States from " insurrection/' came
forth to suppress the revolt. The Government
called upon the people to prevent the overthrow
of the Union by the insurrection in the southern
States. And they responded.
Sir, the Union was not dissolved by these
ordinances, and the people resolved that it
should not be so dissolved. The preservation
of the Union was the great object of the war.
For thia moro than two million men went forth
into the deadly strife, for this hundreds of thou-
sands offered up their lives as sacrifices upon
the altar of patriotism. The Union, was their
battle-cry. For its preservation they left fam-
ilies and fireside joys, and marched into the
deadly breach; tho Union, with its memen-
toes, with its glories, its heroes, its monuments,
its triumphs, its troubles: the Union, with its
early battles, its Bunker Hill and Yorktown,
its Saratoga and the Cowpens, its Brandywine
and Camden. The triumphs of its middle ago
were dear to all its sons. They sung of Lundy'
Lane and of New Orleans. They saw its armies
triumph and its flag emblazoned with more
than thirty starS. They saw its triumphs on the
ocean also, and determined to maintain its ter-
ritorial unity. For this Grant battled so per-
severingly, and Sherman marched and fought,
as only western men can march and fight, for
the West is the child of the Republic, and its
unity is to secure to the West its markets and
its power. And when all the battles were fought,
the insurrection put down, the forts reoccupied,
tho flag everywhere thrown to the breeze, its
triumphant vindicators may now with propriety
ask, who dissolved the Union? And I firmly
believe, sir, that when those soldiers are by
politicians informed tho Union is dissolved,
their answer will be it is not so.
And now, Mr. Speaker, what is tho true sit-
uation of the country? The southern States
have repealed their ordinances of secession,
have declared their former slaves all free, have
repudiated their debts created by the war; they
have done all in their power to restore their
States to their former condition in the Union.
The President has looked to tho restoration of
these States with an anxiety characteristic of
his patriotic devotion to tho unity and glory of
his whole country. He found society almost
dissolved. By the cessation of strife, and dis-^
solution of both the civil and military power pf
the rebellion, there was no government, left in
all that country. As Commander-in-Chief of
the armies, ho appointed military rulers, and
then provisional governors. He then proceeded
in the work of restoration, opened the ports to
foreign commerce, set all the machinery of gov-
ernment to work; collected, through the agents
of the law, internal taxes. Post offices have been
opened and postal service restored, and but for
the desolations and losses of war, a stranger
would not know that there had ever arisen ^
question of the existence of the Union even in
those States.
Still, tho question recurs, is the Union dis-
solved, and how was it done? The President
answers, I do not regard the Union dissolved.
The rebellion failed, and its failure left the
Union intact. Had it succeeded, then this dis-
solution would have been an accomplished fact;
but the Union armies triumphed, and lie is to-
day tho President of the whole United States,
with none to dispute the authority vested in him
by the people from the eastern boundary of
Maine to the Ilio Grande, and all its laws are
enforced and its taxes collected. Lieutenant
General Grant, who opened up the Mississippi
and caused its waters to " flow unvexed to the
sea," assures you that tho Union is not dis-
solved. To prevent it he drew his sword, and
did not sheathe it until the idea of dissolution
had been driven from the southern mind; until
its best army had surrendered; until its chosen
and able leader had sued for peace, delivered
up his sword, receiving a parole of honor, and
agreeing not again to take up arms against tho
Union. Grant and his veteran and persever-
ing legions maintained the Union and prevented
its dissolution. .
You ask Sherman, is the Union dissolved, cud
you fight to sever or to restore it! Who does
not know his answer ? When in a few most elo-
quent words our accomplished Speaker three
day ago introduced to this House that modest
soldier whose renown and glory lill the world,
whose march has tin parallel in either ancient
or modern history, when cheer after cheer made
this Hall ring, and every one felt pleased to shako
the hand of the victorious soldier, was it be-
causehe had done much to dissolve the U nion, he
was thus received ? And had the Speaker asked
him if the Union was destroyed I faney 1 hear his
blunt, soldier-like reply, as in the fullness of his
soulliewould exclaim, "The Union dissolved!
No, thank God, it is not, cannot be dissolved
while the memories of the past are cherished by
the soldiers of the present; and the campaign of
those who followed mo and cheered me on was
begun andcontinuedtorescueourbcloved Union
from the impending danger of severance.''
Ask the soldiers of every grade, of every army,
what they fought for, what they endured so much
for, what they submitted to all manner of toil,
hardship, privation, and suffering-for, and they
will tell you in their triumphantly victorious
notes, "To save the Union from overthrow, and,
thank God, we were succcssful."
Who then says that the Union is dissolved?
None but the so-called Union members of Con-
gress, elected as Union men—they only pro-
claim dissolution.
I am a Democrat; and with all in this House
who bear that honored name we proclaim, with
Andrew Jackson and Andrew Johnson, "Tho
Federal Union, it must be preserved," not only
for the sake of our present population and our
posterity, but as the beacon-light to guide all
men to happiness.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have said that we had no right
to go to war with tho southern States only on
the assumption that theirs was an insurrection,
unsustained by the masses of the people. Anu
this was evidently the idea entertained by the
late President Lincoln, who first called forth
the voluntary offering of the people to suppress
this revolt against the authority of the Govern-
ment. lie says:
"It may well be questioned whether there is to-
day a majority of legally qualified voters of any State,
except, perhaps, South Carolina, in f^vor ot disunion.
There is much reason to believe that the Union men
ore tho majority in many, if not in every other one,
of the so-called seceded States."—President Lincvln's
Manage of July 4,1861.
This 1 say was the assumption at that period,
tho war was for tho suppression of the rebellion
and protection of the Union and Union men.
And subsequent developments in all the'States
demonstrated the existence of that Union cle-
ment among the white inhabitants, manifesting
itself, as in,Tennessee, in furnishing scouts, giv-
ing accurate information, harboring deserters,
raising armies for your aid, and doing al] that
could be expected of them to maintain their
allegiance to the Union. Mr. Lincoln steadily
maintained that whenever the armed power of
the rebellion was broken, and the arms raised
against the Union were laid down, that then the
union of the States would be restored, the States
resume their wonted functions, ami harmony
and unitv again give vitality to all their func-
tions, and we should be again in every accepta-
tion of the words a "Union of States,"which
none could sever. And, Mr. Speaker, is it not
desirable that this should be realized as early
as possible?
1 am opposed to all these proposed amend-
ments to the Constitution, to all questions of
enfranchisement of the African race amongns,
because I do not tliink this is un auspicious time
to tamper with that almost sacred instrument,
our fundamental law. Wehave just got through
a bloody strife; passion doubtless was aroused,
bad feelings engendered; let us wait calmly
for awhile, curb our passions, andhonestly, as
patriots, seek more light before we attempt
change. I believe this is not the time, for as
we are only the servants of the people, not their
masters, and as when we were elected these
questions were not before the people, hence they
have expressed no full and matured opinions on
this mostinteresting question. We should there-
fore wait, consult tho people, not attempt to
forestall them, nor yet consult only with the
few whom we may regard as friends, or, as they
?arefamiliarlyeailed, "the leaders. I his Con-
stitution belongs to the people, the whole peo-
ple. I deny the right of self-constituted leaders
to dictate to the people on this grn\e question.
Let us wait awhile, go before the people with
it, let it be fully discussed on both sides, and
then, if the people want these changes, let (hem
