1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3463
authorities of which their construction is neces-
sarily confided, takes an interest in them com-
mensurate with their national importance, al-
though not more directly interested in them
than several of her sister States, Bast or West.
The Legislature ofthat State, atits lastsession,
by joint resolution has urged the adoption of
the measure,, and "requested its Senators and
Representatives to use their best endeavors to
secure its passage throughfthis Congress."
The present able Executive of Michigan,
H. H. Orapo, under whose special supervision
and direction the canal and harbor are to be
constructed, after having made personal exam-
ination of the location and work to be done,
accompanied by a corps of engineers, and had
the necessary surveys and estimates made, and
decided upon his plan of construction, moved
by the importance of the works, not only ad-
dressed an appeal to the Senators and Rep-
resentatives from Michigan in behalf of this
measure, but afterward came to Washington
and called the Michigan delegation together to
press upon them, not only the importance of
the works, but the justice of the appropriation
asked for by the bill under consideration.
The city of Chicago, deeply interested as that
greatest city in the Northwest is in everything
affecting the commerce of the lakes and always
foremost in active interest to promote it, took
early occasion to manifest her lively apprecia-
tion of the importance and necessity of the
proposed canal and harbor. Petitions signed
by all her most prominent and energetic citi-
zens and firms, embracing her principal ship-
owners, merchants, and others interested in the
commerce of the lakes, have been referred to
your committee, asking the passage of this
measure. The Board of Trade of that city has
also petitioned for it and urged its passage.
What has been said of Chicago is also true
of all the other cities on the western lakes.
The Boards of Trade and business men and
firms of Milwaukee, Detroit, Cleveland, Buf-
falo, Toledo, Green Bay, and Pittsburg have
all urged the passage of this measure by Con-
gress.
The petitioners for this measure represent a
capital invested and a tonnage of shipping em-
ployed in the commerce of Lake Superior and
connecting lakes very much larger than any
other in the world engaged in inland commerce.
And the aid of Congress was never asked to a
more meritorious measure, as nothing of the
kind was ever more generally or more strongly
urged or demanded by the necessities of a very
large and rapidly growing commerce.
The bill before the House, after having been
^unanimously reported to the Senate by the
Committee on Commerce, was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands in that body, which
committee unanimously reported it back to the
Senate and recommended its passage, and it was
passed by the Senate without opposition.
At the last session of Congress an appropri-
ation of two hundred thousand acres of land
was made for this improvement. This was not
the amount then asked for it. In the judgment
of the Governor of Michigan, then expressed,
more than twice that amountwould be required.
Subsequent investigations prove that the Gov-
ernor was right. But owing to the press ofbusi-
ness on Congress, and the fact that no survey
or accurate estimate of the cost of the works
had then been made, the member on the com-
mittee from that State deemed it prudent to ask
only the appropriation then made. From the
engineer's report and estimate of the cost of
the works, and the letter of Governor Crapo,
laid before the Committee on Public Lands, it
is ascertained that the canal and harbor will
cost more than twice the sum estimated before
any actual survey was made. This additional
expense, over all former estimates, is owing
to' the more extensive character of the works
than originally contemplated. It is found neces-
sary, from the peculiar character of the soil
through which the canal is to be made, and the
great strength of the work constituting the har-
bor on Lake Superior, made necessary by its
exposure to the action of the lake, to adopt, plans
settled upon by the Governor entirely different
and far more expensive than originally contem-
plated. These plans require that both banks
of the canal shall be made a continuous dock,
by close piling, sheet piling, and counter piling,
or by other sufficient walls, from Lake Superior
to Portage Lake, and that the harbor oil Lake
Sup erior shall be of a capacity, permanency,
ana construction to be accessible in any stress
of weather to vessels 011 Lake Superior. The
specifications for all this work has been laid
before your committee by Governor Crapo.
By an act of the Legislature of Michigan,
approved March 18, 1805, entitled "An act to
accept a grant of land by Congress to aid in
the construction of a ship-canal and harbor at
the head of Portage lake to connect with Lake
Superior, and to provide for the construction of
the same," the State of Michigan "accepted"
the grant "with the restrictions and conditions
contained in said act of Congress." Section
two of said State law confers said grant upon
the Portage Lake and Lake Superior Sliip-
Canal Company, as follows:
"For the purpose of carrying out the object of said
congressional act, the lands hereby pa-anted and con-
ferred upon the Portage Lake and Lako Superior
Ship-Canal Company, (a company orsanized under
and by virtue ot tholaws of this State,) subject to all
the conditions, restrictions, and obligations therein
mentioned: And provided. That none of said lands
shall bo sold or otherwise disposed of, except for tho
purpose of hypothecation, until said cauat and har-
bor shall be completed and accepted, as hereinafter
specified."
Under this State law, the surveys, estimates,
&'c., have been made and the plans adopted
required by the former act of Congress referred
to. Tho works have been commenced, by the
company to whom tho State conferred the grant,
and several thousand dollars expended thereon.
But. the plans adopted by the Governor of Mich-
t igan exceed so much the previously estimated
! cost that the company, acting under the advise
j and recommendation of'lhe State authorities of
Michigan, and sustained by many of the peti-
tions heretofore referred to, appeal to Con-
gress for the additional aid provided for by the
bill before the House. The Committee on Pab-
lic Lands, after thoroughly investigating the
subject, have unanimously come to the conclu
sion and direct me tu report:
1. That the proposed canal and harbor are
of great national importance to our inland
commcrce, second only in point of necessity,
to the Sault Ste. Marie canal. They will give
to the Government and country one of the most
extensive and secure harbors in the world,
entirely land-locked, and capable of holding
more than all the vessels on tho western lakes.
The importance of this will be seen from the
fact that, for a distance of some two hundred
miles of rock-bound coast, from Bayfield to
tho extreme end of Keweenaw Point, there is
not a harbor for a vessel to take shelter in.
The interests of commerce demand this im-
provement, and if it is not provided for as this
bill contemplates, an appropriation of money
will soon be demanded to make it, to relieve
commcrce from the most dangerous navigation
on the lakes, around the rocky promontory of
Keweenaw Point.
2. Since the opening of the Sault Ste. Marie
canal—now about ten years—the navigation
interest has grown up on Lake Superior from
one steamboat and two little schooners to two
hundred sail, vessels and twenty-seven steam-
ships. The copper and ir.on interest, thenbutlit-
tle "developed, now yields to the national wealth
a product of full $10,000,000 annually. To
construct the Sault Ste. Marie canal Congress
appropriated seven hundred and fifty thousand
acres of land. Experience has shown that to
have been one of the wisest appropriations
Congress ever made. The State engineer, in
his report on the proposed Portage Lake canal
and harbor—the measure now before the House
—uses the following language :
"The St. Mary's Canal Company had seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand acres of land Riven it for
building that canal, many of them as good mineral
lauds as there are on tho whole range. The extent
of this work [the Portage Lake canal ancf harborj
is greater than the St. Mary's canal, and its impor-
tance, as one link in the chain of public works for
tho Northwest must ovontually be as great."
It will be remembered that the St. Mary's
canal cost §1,150,000.
3. The construction of the proposed canal
and harbor will not only give an impetus to
tho development of the mineral resources of
Lake Superior, but the agricultural, commer-
cial, and railroad interests of Minnesota and
Wisconsin, centering on Lake Superior, will
be greatly promoted. Nor will these States,
and others bordering 011 the great lakes, be
the only States benefited by it. New York,
Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island,
and Connecticut are very largely interested in
both the mining and transportation business
of that section, the citizens of some of those
States owning larger interests in the mines and
in the vessels employed in the commerce of
tho lakes than any State bordering on those
lakes, all of which arc to be benefited by it.
■i. For these reasons, tho committee unani-
mously recommeud the passage of the bill
before the House.
Tho bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read tho third time and
passed.
Mr. DKIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAC L\ BELLE SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. DKIGGS," from tho same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 219, granting cer-
tain lands to the State of Michigan to aid in
the construction of a ship-canal to connect the
waters of Lake Superior with the lake known
as Lac La Belle, in said State, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. DllIGGS. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration appropriates 0110 hundred thou-
sand acres of land to aid in the construction of a
harbor and ship-canal from Betegrise to Lac La
JJollo, which bay and lake art! situated near the
northern end of Keweenaw Point, Lake Supe-
rior, in the State of Michigan. Tho lands are to
be selected from alternate odd-numbered sec-
tions in the tipper peninsula, not mineral, and
from the nearest vacant land to the proposed
improvement. It will be seen that no lands are
to be acquired by the company until the work
is entirely completed, and accepted by the Gov-
ernor of the State, and as the grant only ex-
tends for two years, unless completed within
that time the lands will revert to tho United
States.
Lac La Belle is a small inland lake of some
two by five miles in extent, with an average
depth of twenty-seven feet of water. To afford
an entrance from Lake Supcriorand Betegriso
to this lake it " is only necessary to widen,
deepen, and straighten a natural channel less
than a half mile long. When this is done
and the proposed pier and breakwater at its
entrance are completed, it will afford 011c of
the best and safest harbors on this immense
inland sea, and will secure a refuge at a point
half way between Bayfield and Sault Ste. Marie,
which now afford the only safe harbors, with
the exception of Grand Island and Portage
Lake, for a distance of four hundred miles, and
these two harbors are a long distance out of the
usual route taken by vessels in going to and re-
turning from Ontonagon and the head of the
lake. , „
Mr. Speaker, this grant is considered of very
great importance to the safety and convenience
of commcrce, not only by the people of Michi-
gan, but by all the States bordering on the great
western lakes. I have before me petitions from
nearly all the shipping interests of Oswego,
Buffalo, Cleveland, Detroit, Milwaukee, and
Chicago, with resolutions recommending this
grant from the Boards of Trade of all the im-
portant lake cities, with similar expressions
from the Chambers of Commerce.
Mr. Speaker, the committee have also in their
possession a letter from the Governor of Michi-
gan transmiting joint resolutions of the Legis-
