u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Freedmen's Bureau, &c.—Mr. Garfield.
39th Cong.... 1st Sees.
send men here instructed on the subject, and
let their behests be obeyed. But surely no one
will pretend that these questions in any way
entered into the contests which eventuated in
our election. And if this is so in reference to
members of Congress, it is even more true in
reference to the State Legislatures who will be
called on to decide the question. My judgment,
therefore, is these questions had better be de-
ferred, at least until the next session of this
Congress, and let us proceed to the important
questions which more immediately concern the
people of the country.
And these remarks apply to the twin question
of African enfranchisement. Who, of all the
members of this House,. was elected on this
issue? And yet this extraneous question ab-
sorbs all the time of the House. No sooner is
one phase of this African question disposed of
than anothef takes it place. Suffrage in this
District is no sooner passed, after weeks of ar-
gument, than suffrage in the States is to be pro-
cured for the African by constitutional amend-
ment, and as soon as we get through with this
the African comes up again in the shape of a
measure—which has already passed the Senate
—to enlarge the powers, of the Preedmen's Bu-
reau. Thus we go, and all the anomalies of these
separate measures claim our notice, but do not
sufficiently attract attention.
For thirty years it has been steadilyproclaimed
that African slavery had reduced the enslaved
to the very lowest grade of being. The enslave-
ment of his body had, by consequence, almost
obliterated his intellect. He could scarcely be
called a man. That he might be rescued, he
must be freed. He is freed. Presto, change!
As soon as the chains fall ho is no longer the
brutalized being over whom, for thirty years,
we have made the land to mourn; he is an Amer-
ican citizen, fully qualified and prepared to take
upon himself the responsibilities of an elector,
and qualified for all these important duties.
Wonderful!
Bat yet more passing strange, another turn
of the cards, and this noble African, of whom
we heard so many eulogiums a few days ago,
comes now before us as the " mere child," the
"ward of the nation," who is to be followed
by a guardian, in the shape of a high military
officer, at heavy pay, to see that this now help-
less being is secured in his contracts for labor
and not defrauded out of his earnings. But
yesterday his qualifications for a voter, and, in-
deed, his evident superiority to the "ignorant
foreigner who did notunderstand our language,"
were eloquently proclaimed. A day before he
by his prowess, his valor, his zeal in our be-
half, had saved us a nation. He rescued us
from fierce rebels, and baring his noble breast,
received in lieu of us the deadly shaft, thus
delivering our poor white race from overthrow.
But now again he is placed under the watchful
care of a new organization in the Government
for his special benefit, '' a Freedmen's Bureau,''
solely to look after him, help him to get em-
ployment, help him say how much a month he
should work for, how he shall employ his time,
and where he shall and where he shall not' go;
but over and above all this, he is to be educated,
sent to school; he is to be fed by the public if he
does not choose to work for his living; he is to
get clothing from the overflowing Treasury of
the nation; Government must find him a house
and pay for a doctor when he is sick; and all
this because he isafreedman of African descent.
White soldiers, disabled in the service of the
Union, unable to work, are left to beg upon the
streets. What a fault for them to have been
born white I Had they been colored Govern-
ment would have had an agent to look after
them. <
And this nice little operation of the Freed-
men's Bureau was estimated to cost the Ameri-
can people for this year (1866) nearly twelve
million dollars. How much its cost is enlarged
by enlarging and extending its operations I am
not prepared to say. About forty years ago the
Administration of John Quincy Adams was
turned out of power for expending for all pur-
poses about thirteen million dollars a year. This
year, (1866,) groaning under a debt the interest
of which alone requires of the people in taxes
all they are able to pay, the poor white tax-
payer must have saddled on him, over and above,
nearly or quite twelve million dollars to feed,
clothe, and house the freedmen; whom gentle-
men here tell us are really better qualified to
vote and be freemen than many of the whites
who have, through taxation, to contribute to
their support.
I am no enemy of the African in our mWst;
I have always commiserated his condition; I
have always been and am now his friend; but I
tremble for him in view of the actiort of the new
philanthropy. Many years will not elapse until
he will be compelled to look to others for help
and sympathy; but it may possibly be too late
to save him from the fate of another race upon
this continent, who had at one time philan-
thropic enthusiasts seeking apparent benefits
for them, but now, thrown off and discarded,
are turned out to die, or hunted down to be
exterminated.
And now, Mr, Speaker, I close wh.at I have
to Say. 1 am very solicitous for harmony among
our family of States. I lmow great wrongs have
been done. But this will not justify us in the
perpetration of other wrongs. Southern people
have tried to destroy our glorious charter; but
they failed, and their effort will not justify us
in doing what they were unable to do. Armies
tried to dissolve our Union; I pray you let not
an American Union Congress do that which
others by the force of arms were unable to ac-
complish. Now, let us all encourage all the
people to allay the bitterness of the recent
strife, seek to restore harmony. Let Massa-
chusetts reach out her arms to the South and
help them now, as the South flew to the succor
of Massachusetts "in the days that tried men's
Souls;" and while we exclaim—
"That mercy i to others show,
That mercy show to me,"
let us try once more the influence of gentle
means to restore our erring brethren ; let our
effort be to bring again to our beloved land
union, harmony, fraternity, a rivalry only to
promote the greatest happiness and secure the
speediest restoration of general prosperity, and
exemplify to the world that we are once more
a happy, prosperous, and thoroughly united
people, realizing more fully in fact than in any
period of the past, that ours is indeed,
"A union of hearts ancl a union of hands,
A union of States none shall sever;
A union of lakes and a union of lands,
And the flag of our Union forever."
Freedmen's Bureau—Restoration of the
Rebel States.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. GARFIELD,
OS OHIO,
In the Hottse of Representatives,
February 1, 1866.
The House having under consideration the bill to
enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau-
Mr. GARFIELD said:
Mr. Speaker: The bill now before the House
is one of a series of measures which it is the duty
of this House to consider and act upon during
the present session; and I shall, in the time
allotted to me, take a wider range than the pro-
visions of the bill itself would warrant, and dis-
cuss, in connection with it, the general question
of the res to rati on of the States lately in rebellion.
I shall try to examine the situation of national
affairs resulting from the war; td determine, if
gossible, What ought to be done to bring the
.epublic back, by the surest, safest, and shortest
path, to the full prosperity of liberty and peace.
This is the result earnestly desired by every
patriotic citizen. How to reach it is the great
problem we are called upon to solve. On the
main points in the problem I believe there is
far less difference of sentiment in this House
than is generally supposed.
Men differ far more in theory than in practice.
It would bo easy to find ten men who perfectly
agree in recommending agiven course of action.
It would be difficult to find ton who would give
the same reasons for that recommendation. If
the members of this House could lay aside their
theories and abstract definitions, and deliberate
on questions ofpractical legislation, many appar-
ent differences would at once disappear. The
words and phrases we use exert apowerful influ-
ence on the opinions we form and the action
which results.
In inquiring into the legal status of the insur-
gent States we are met at the threshold by three
distinct theories, each of which has its advocates
in this House.
1. That these States are now and have never
ceased to be in the Union with all their rights
unimpaired.
2. That they are out of the Union in fact and
in law; that by their acts of secession and
rebellion they are reduced to the condition of
Territories, and that it rests with Congress to
determine whether they shall now or hereafter
be admitted into the Union.
3. As held by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] in his speech of day before yes-
terday, that whatever may have been the elfeet
of the war upon them, "they have, under the
President's guidance and action, resumed their
functions of self-govcrnmentin the Union," and
we ought to accept them.
Mr. Speaker, I am unable fully to agree with
either of these propositions, and I shall eiideavor
to point out what seems to me the error which
has led to their adoption. Two terms made
use of in the debate on this subject seem to
me to have caused much ofthe diversity of opin-
ion. I allude to the word "State," and the
phrase "in the Union."
The word "State." as it has been used by
gentlemen in this discussion, has two meanings,
as perfectly distinct as though different words
had been used to express them. The confusion
arising from applying the same word to two dif-
ferent and dissimilar objects has had very much
to do with the diverse conclusions which gentle-
men have reached. They have given us the
definition of a "State" in the contemplation
of public or international law, and have at once
applied that definition, and the conclusions
based upon it, to the States of the American
Union and the effects of war upon them. Let
us examine the two meanings of the word, and
endeavor to keep them distinct in their appli-
cation to the questions before us.
Phillimore, the great English publicist, says:
" For all the purposes of international law a State
(demo9,civita#,volk) m:w be defined to be apeopleper-
manently occupying a fixed territory, bound together
by common laws, habits, and customs into one body-
politic, exercising, through the medium of an organ-
ized government, independent sovereignty and con-
trol over all persons and tilings within its boundaries,
capable of making war and peace, and of entering
into all international relations with the other com-
munities of the globe."—Pkillimore's International
Laic, vol. 1, sec. 65.
Substantially the same definition may be found
in Grotius, book one, chapter one, section four-
teen ; in Burlamaqui, volume two, part one,
chapter four, section nine; and in Vattel, book
one, chapter one. The primary point of agree-
ment in all these authorities is that in contem-
plation of international law a State is absolutely
sovereign, acknowledging no superior on earth.
In that sense the United States is a State, a
sovereign State, just as Great Britain, France,
and Russia are States.
But what is the meaning of the word State as
applied to Ohio or Alabama? Is eithe# of them
a State in the sense of international law ? They
lack all the leading requisites of such a State.
They are only the geographical subdivisions of
a State ; and though endowed by the people of
the United States with the rights of local self-
government, yet in all their external relations
