1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
- Judiciary Committee is still fearful that his free
American fel low- citizens of African descent may
suffer some deprivation of right or infliction of
wrong that may not be summarily and ade-
quately redressed. He is fearfully apprehen-
sive that there is some white man that ought
♦ to be arrested who may escape, and hence ho
provides in his bill that the President shall be
authorized to employ the land and naval forces
the more efficiently to execute its provisions.
Poor fugitive white man. If you shall escape
the pursuing and avenging army commanded
bj the Lieutenant General of the armies of the
United States and attempt to cross the briny
deep, the Navy, the entire Navy, shall chase
you from the sea. Sir, your whole Army and
Navy will be inadequate to execute this uncon-
stitutional law, if law this bill shall bocome.
Sir, was I wrong in my opening remarks
when I said that this was one of the most dan-
gerous bills, as well as one of the most unconsti-
tutional bills, that eould engage the attention of
the Senate of the United States. Go sweep the
whole field of legislation in any country in which
a legislative body has ever sat, and drag from
the pigeon-holes where moulder and rot its rec-
ords, and show me, if you can, any enactment
so flagrantly unjust, so oppressive in its char-
acter, so violative of all rights of the citizen, as
this.
Mr. President, I know that any appeal that
we can make will be in vain, or at least L have
no reason to suppose that any we can make will
be effective for good. The passage of this bill,
if it shall become a law by the approval of the
President, and shall go into practical effect, is
the last act to convert a Federal Government
with limited and woll-deflned powers into an
absolute, consolidated despotism.
Sir, from early boyhood I was taught to love
and revere the Federal Union and those who
made it. In early childhood I read the words
of the Father of his Country, in .which he ex-
horted the people to cling to the union of these
States as the palladium of liberty, and my young
heart bounded with joy in reading the burning-
words of lofty patriotism. I was taught in in-
fancy to admire as far as the infant mind eould
admire our free system of government, Federal
and State; and I heard the old men say that the
wit of man never devised a better or more lovely
system of government. When I arrived at that
age when I eould study and reflect for myself,
the teachings of childhood were approved by
the judgment of the man.
I have seen how under this Union we had
become great in the eyes of all nations; and
I see now, notwithstanding the horrible afflic-
tions of war, if we can have wisdom in council
and sincere purpose to subserve the good of
the whole people of the United States, though
much that was dear to us has been blasted as
by the pestilence that walketh in darkness and
the destruction that wasloth at noon-day, how
we might in the providence of God resume our
former position among the nations of the earth,
and command the respect of the whole civilized
-world. But, sir. to-day, in viewing and in con-
sidering this bill the thought has occurred to
me, how happv were the founders of our Fed-
eral system of government that they had been
taken from the council chambers of this nation
and from among their fellow-men before bills
of this character were seriously presented for
legislative consideration. Happily for them,
they sleep their last sleep, and—
" How sleep tho brave who sink to rest
Bv all their country's wishes blest I
AVlum S]>rilis? with dewy lingx-is cold
Returns to dock their hallowed mould,
She there shall dress a sweeter sod
Than fancy's feet have over trod.
"By fairy hands'their knell is rung;
By forms unseen their dirge is sun?;
There Honor c omes, a pilar) im stray,
To ble«s the turf that wraps their clay;
And Freedom shall henceforth repair
And dwell a, weeping liermit there."
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and alter some
time spent in executive session, the. doors were
"reopened, and the Senate adjourned,
39TIX COXO. 1ST HE-W. - -Iso. 31.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 29, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the call of committees for reports,
to go upon the Calendar, and not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
The committees were called, commencing
with the Committee of Elections j and no re-
ports were presented.
PIU^JSNTS TO OFi'iCK-JIOLDEFiS.
The SPEAKER. Thenextbusinessm order
is the call of States for resolutions, commen-
cing with the State of Indiana. Under this
call, the first resolution in order is one offered
on last Monday by the gentleman from Indiana.
[Mr. jNiblack,] the morning hour having on
that day expired pending the call of the previous
question upon the resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
licsotw/l, That the conduct of bis Excellency, An-
drew Johnson, President oi the United States in de-
c-lining to accept a can iage and hordes tendered to
him since his accession to office by r-omoof his iriends
in New York, way, under the circumstances "which sur-
rounded him, eminently prudent, commendable, and
patriotic, attordin^, as? it did, a valuable example to
others similarly biluated, and moots llie unqualified
approbation of this House.
Be it fui the>' ixaohecl, That it is the sense of this
Hou^e that the practice, now so common, of persons
holding official positions under the Government ac-
cepting presents of value from their subordinates in
office, more or less dependent upon ihem for appoint-
ment, promotion, or other official favors, is demoral-
izing in its tendencies, de-tructivc of public confi-
dence, and ought to be prohibited.
Mr. DEFREES. Mr. Spealier, cannot this
matter be laid over until my colleague [Mr.
Njblack] shall be present?
The SPKAIvEll. Tt cannot. The resolu-
tion is now before the House, and tho demand
for the previous question is pending.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there were, on a division—ayes S4, noes
35; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers; and appointed. Messrs. Kk;ib and Plants.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
Tho main question was ordered.
Mr. FAlKS WORTH. 1 de.-ire lo inquire
whether a motion to lay the first of these reso-
lutions on the table would be in order.
The SPEAKER. It would not be, because
that would carry with it Loth resolutions.
Mr. FAKNSVrOitTH. Then I a<k for a
division of the question, so that the vote may
be taken separately on the first resolution. 1
trust that that resolution will not be adopted,
because it is evident^- intended to imply a cen-
sure upon tho lale President.
The SPEAKER. 'l'he resolution will be
divided. The gentleman's motion to lay on
the table would now lie in order.
Mr. FARXSY\rORTH. 1 move that the first
resolution lie laid on tho table.
Mr. KERll. On that motion I call for the
ye;i« and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 13, nays 110, not voting
50: as follows:
YB.VP—Dolo* R. Jan>p« "W. Arti-
lcv. Bcniamin, Hckley, 1'iirn-iwoitk. Loneryear, Xk-
Iiidoe. Millci, JlouUon, I'oiacroy, Sloan, Spaldms,
and ^riudom—1'5.
XAYS—Mp«f. Allison. Aneona, Anderson.Baker,
Baldwin, Banks. Baxter, Beainan. B-raen. Bidweh,
Bill sham. Blow, Boutwcli.Boyri\Lr.Lndesec,Bioc>l;s,
Buiidv, Chanter, IteauerW. Clarke,( nbb. tonklin?.
Cullom, Darlinsr, Dawes, I In v..-on. I a!Delano,
Demiiifc,!)]' von, Donnelly, liiririoiton, i',ldrid.a;o, I'.liof,
Farqnliar, IV n v, Fmck,Cios-tTenner, Coudyear. (!ri-
der, Orj-y,V)in, i(a 1 (■, Aaron Hardm'r, AbnorC.Tlard-
inirns, Ilart, Haves,iliarby, liill, lloer.m, ilotmes,
Hooper, Asahel \Y. tlu'o'n ml, Chester 1). lluubard,
John ii.llubbard. Edwin N. I In!, bell. Jn mes K. llnu-
beil, Jaanes it. Humphrey, lii^ersutt, .feme's, John-
-on, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, _KeiT, Ku.lvcnda..,
Latham, Ceor:"eY. LaAnvHOeAViltiamL'twcnn1, bo
Blond, Loan. Lynch. \far-li.ill, 3Iavy.ii, .Mol'tun;,
MeK.ee, Mereur, Moorliead. M'","11'
Paine, V'tTtwi.n. Pcrhaia. Pbelpa, 1 ike, Marus,
Price, Radford,TV illiarn H, itauaali, Raymond, Jonn
II. Kice, Bitter, Rollins, Jtoss, Kousseau, SeofieM,
Stianklin, Shollabargcr, Taber,Taylor, Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt Vanllom, Voorhees,
Ward, Elihu B. Washbarne, "William B. Washburn,
Welker, Went worth, Wlialey, James F. Wilson, Ste-
phen J-'. Wilson, Winfield, and Woodbridge—119.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Barker,
Blaine,Bromwell.Broomall.Buckland,Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Culver, Davis, Denison, Driggs, Diimont. Sar-
field, Grinncll, Henderson, Hotelikiss, Demas Hub-
bard, llulburd; James Humphrey, Jones, Kelso,
Kcteham. Laflm, Marston, McCulloiigh, MeRuer,
Morris, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,
SamuelJ. Randall, AlexanderH. Iiice,Rogers, Saw-
yer, Sehenck, Sitsreavcs, Smith, Starr, Stevens,Still-
well, Strouse, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner,
"Williams, and Wright—50.
So the House refused to lay the first resolu-
tion on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ANOONA stated that his colleague, Mr.
Denison, was detained from the House by
sickncss.
The result was announced as above stated.
The question then recurred on the adoption
of the first resolution.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order to move an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question has been seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
The question being taken on the first resolu-
tion, it was adopted.
The second resolution was adopted.
Mr. KERB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
USE OF THE HALL.
Mr. HILL submitted the followingresolution:
Jh'solvcd, ThattlicCnmmitteeon Rules be instructed
to report a rule prohibiting Hie use of tho Hall of the
House ot Itepreseutativef for any other purpose than
the legitimate busine;^ of Congress.
Mi. ASHLEY, of Ohio. 1 suppose that the
resolution dues not exclude the Sunday service
by the Chaplain.
Mr. HILL. Of course not. as that is in con-
nection wiili his position in this House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. 1 hope the resolu-
tion will be amended so as to read ''that the
committee inquire into the expediency/'
Mr. HILL.* I prefer to have the resolution
mandatory, and to take the sense of tho House.
Mr. COXKLINu-. Does the resolution pre-
vent us from assembling here sometime next
month to hear a eulogy on the late President?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot construe
the resolution now.
Mr. HILL demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEYEXS moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
VI, noes i>1.
Mr. HiLL demanded tho yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
I in the ue^ative—yeas 73, nays 78, not voting
j 31 ; as follows:
i YEAP—Mesr-is. Allison, Anderson, Bclos R.Ashley,
James JI. Anliley, Baker, Baldwin,Baxter, Bcaman,
Benjamin, Bidwi-11. Biiorbam, Blaine, Blow, Brom-
wi'll, Broomatl. I'.nndy, Reader Vi. Clarke, feidney
' Claike.Cobb, CoiildiiiK. Cook, Cullom.DcIano, Dcm-
intr. iJixon, Esul'-stim, Eliot. Farquhar. I-ej^y, Our-
iirding,
Id, Halo, Abnor
   ' 1 "he
(icorKO V.J,aw
William' Lawi-etiee. l.oncyear.. McClnre, Aielndoo,
Hnrbv. 1 to lines'. A-jhel W. Hubbard, Chester 1). Iiub-
bard.'.lohn il. 11 (ibb.ud..tamoslt
.IVnokcN J ulimi. Ko,13ey. KcL-o, (■ 
Hubbell, Iiigerioll,
V. Lawrence,
Kce. Uoreur, Mom head, O'Neill, Pany;,
J^tJerson, Pciham, Pike, Plants Pnce, Joim It.
Hit c ltollins, Slaellahnryer. cdjs, I aylor, I mw-
bridffc. Biut Ynn [lorn, \\ elker. William-,
Stophrii F. Wilson, aiKiWlndom-—
"\AVcr—Alh-v. Anio.-, Aofona, 13ankr.Ber-
iton J.outwcli. Boyer, l>i;iinletroo,P.rook-;. l in Uland,
'< 'hanler, Darhntr, D.Jvi- , Doireci,
bonnclly, Kekl<'\. PaiiK-woiih. Finck,
Cilo^nbrennor, Uoodyear, i^ri'lfr, Varon flardins,
,rt, Ilnye.-, Hill. llu?au, Hooper, iJcmas liubbaid,
Ji-,l ,, v..-,     .
Ivlv.'in N. lXubbell, Jumos Murnohrey.^ Jame^
Jhi'iiphrey, Kiuvf
Lathajn, Ij" IMond,^.Ia
i i.n, Xcwcll. Xiblae
il idi^rd, SViUriLM 11.
Jios-:, Scher. k. Sooi:
Spalding Srillwoll, Ta'
• , Kerr. Kuvken<lt/i.
Mor-ill,Muiris,MouI-
)ita, Phc'p.^.
. avu.ud,til. Ilnynvond.
IV,
