2506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
sion. I do not believe it had the effept to take
away any of the rights of the loyal citizens of
any of the confederate States, but that our
success was the preservation of all their rights
under the Constitution in the Union.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the re-
committal of this joint resolution, and I believe
that is the pending question before the House.
I do not wish to express any sentiment of dis-
respect for the individuals composing that
committee. I entertain for them entire re-
spect as individuals, but I do aver that that
committee has utterly and entirely failed to per-
form its duty, and has disappointed the country
in the action it has taken. That committee
to-"day stands, in my judgment, between the
representatives of the late so-called confeder-
ate States and the resumption of their proper
duties and functions in the Union and in this
Congress.
That committee, sir, was raised and organ-
ized in the spirit of party. The resolution by
which it was raised did not originate in the
House of Representatives, but in a party cau-
cus outside of this Hall, and for party pur-
poses. And the committee in what it has done
has.acted in the interest of party. It has done
perhaps what that caucus and those composing
it expccted.
What has it done? It has deliberated for
five months. It was by the resolution creating
it oiganized for a special and specific purpose,
distinctly and clcarly expressed in the resolu-
tion, and I allege that after having performed
that duty as required by the resolution, it ought
to have reported and then been discharged.
The resolution organizing the committee is
as follows:
" !'ef!ofv€<l by the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress assembled. That a joint committee of fif-
teen members shall bo appointed, nine of whom shall
be members of tho Houso and six of the Senate, who
shall inquire into the condition of the States which
formed rhe so-called confederate States of America,
and roportwhethor they or any of them arc entitled
to bo represented in either House of Congress, with
lejivis to report at any time by bill or otherwiso; and
until such report shall have been made and finally
acted upon by Congress, no member shall be received
into cither House from any of tho said so-called con-
federate State?; and all papers relating to the rep-
resentatives of the said States shall bo referred to the
said committee without debate,"
Mr. Speaker, it appears that the duties of that
committee were simply to inquire "whether
the so-called confederate States of America
are, entitled to be represented in the two
Houses of Congress." 1 ask, how have they dis-
charged that duty ? Have they reported to the
House upon the subject referred to them, that
any one of those States is or is not entitled to
representation? Have they inquired, and if
they have inquired, what information have they
given us on that subject? Nothing, absolutely
nothing. Their sessions have been secret; their
acts and doings have been kept from the pub-
lic and from this House. Ana when they have
reported, it has been only a mass of testimony
I presume no Representative upon this floor
lias had time or patience or opportunity to
read, if he has had the inclination. It has
not yet been printed. It has not been laid
before the House yet for any available pur-
pose. There is no opportunity for us to judge
what is the nature and character of that testi-
mony. The Public Printer has not been able
to print it before we are called upon to act
upon measures said to be shown to be a neces-
sity by it.
The committee report no facts whatever and
give us no conclusion. They simple report
amendments to the Constitution. Was that
the purpose for which the committee was organ-
ized t Was it to change the fundamental law
of the land under which we of the loyal States
assembled here ? Was that the duty with which
the committee was charged? Were they to
inquire and report an entire change of the fun-
damental law of the nation which would de-
stiov the States and create an empire? I say
they were charged with no such duty. The
resolution cannot fairly be construed as giving
to the committee any such power, any such
jurisdiction.
What, then, has been accomplished? Do we
understand from the committee to-day any bet-
ter the situation of these States than we did at
the beginning of this Congress? Have they
enlightened us upon the question whether those
States are entitled to representation in Con-
gress? I say, as I said before, the committee
have not only stood in the way of the repre-
sentation of those States in this Congress, but
they have stood in the way of proper informa-
tion to this House. If the members from the
southern States applying for admission at the
beginning of the session had been admitted to
seats on the floor of Congress, we should have
gained some information. They would have
been able to give us official information of the
wants and necessities of those States in their
character as Representatives, upon their honor
as such. But this committee has not deigned
to give us a single fact, not even their conclu-
sion upon the facts, if perchance there are facts,
as I suppose there are, in that testimony which
they have taken.
I ask, then, and I ask sincerely, has the com-
mittee entitled itself to have this matterrecom-
mitted to it for further action, and for what
purpose, what action, is the recommitment to
be made ? Is it that the committee may go on
ad infinitum to take testimony of such per-
sons as they may see fit to be used in the com-
ing election, without giving us the benefit of
their conclusions, of their consultations, and of
their examinations? When this committee was
at first raised it was professedly for the pur-
pose of aiding in the restoration of the Union,
and providing for the representation of the ab-
sent States, but it has become only a partisan
machine in the interest of the Republican
party. Its effort and purpose, if we may judge
from the reports which it has made, have been,
not to furnish a way of restoration, not to as-
certain if they were entitled to representation,
but to prevent or delay indefinitely both rep-
resentation and restoration. Every report that
has been made has shown upon its face the
evidence of a determination to delay, if not to
destroy. And llie chairman of the committee,
in his speech of yesterday at the opening of
this debate, said that the southern representa-
tives must not be permitted to come in until
we will it.
The committee stands, therefore, resisting
the restoration of this Union, and I hope that
no further business will be referred to it. It
has rendered itself unworthy of the high duty
with which it was charged by the resolution
which I have read. It has not sought to give
us information. It has not sought to furnish us
with the evidence whether these States were
fit for or entitled to representation. But it is
reporting measure after measure that must
cause not only delay during the present session
of Congress, but delay even beyond this Con-
gress. To adopt the remark of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyek] the committee
has been seeking how not to restore rather
than to restore the Union. Every obstruction,
every obstacle which they could contrive, they
have placed in the way of restoration. •
Now, is it proposed to restore the Union by
adopting this amendment to the Constitution?
I do not believe that the proposition looks to
any such purpose; it has no such object. But
the committee, seeing the hand-writing on the
wall, seeing the public sentiment of the coun-
try in favor of restoration, seeing the disrejriute
into which it was falling, seeing the character
which it had attained before the country, sought
to appease and allay that popular sentiment by
acompromise in regard to these questions of dif-
ference among themselves.
Why is it that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevexs] gives up universal suffrage?
Why is it that he and other gentlemen give up
universal confiscation ? Why is it that other
gentlemen give up universal butchery of that
people ? It is a compromise of what they call
principle for the purpose of saving their party
in the next fall election.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
said yesterday that they roust strike out tho
third section orthe people would be suspicious
that this thing was done in the interest of party.
Suspicious 1 Does not the proposed amend-
ment carry on its face the evidence that it
originated in the interest of party? It is re-
ported and speeches are made upon it in the
interest of party and for party purposes..
The chairman of the committee [Mr. Ste-
vens] tells us that these States are not ne-
cessary to be counted in the submission of
this constitutional amendment. ITe scouts
and scorns the idea that they are entitled to
the right of rejecting or approving it. And
here is another inconsistency on the face of
the resolution itself, which in the preamble
reads, "that the following article be proposed
to the Legislatures of the several States as
an amendment to the Constitution." These
States are recognized in the resolution itself;
every section, line, and sentence recognizes
themas Statesinthe Union. The word ''State"
is used in the first section, which says, "nor
shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of
law." That has reference only to the southern
States, for there was never any necessity to
apply it to the northern States.
So in the second section the word "State"
is used in the same sense, and also in the third
section, admitted on all hands to apply not to
the northern but to the southern States exclu-
sively. And yet the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevexs] tells us that the southern
States arc not to be counted in adopting or
rejecting this proposed amendment.
The second section of the joint resolution is
also inconsistent with the action of the com-
mittee. They reported the bill-known as the
"civil rights bill," which has become a law.
What necessity is there, then, for this amend-
ment, to the Constitution if that bill was con-
stitutional at the time of its passage ? Is it not
an admission that it was not? _Ay, but the
gentleman from Pennsylvania gives us here
another party reason. He tells us that the
time may come when the Democrats will get
possession of Congress, and if you depend upon
a mere act of Congress, that it will be repealed;
and he seeks to evade the popular will and to
thwart the popular desire by placing in the
Constitution now, while a portion of the States
are unrepresented, an amendment to the Con-
stitution, so that the people cannot have their
way about it. This is of itself an admission that
tho whole scheme is in the interest of party
alone, to preserve and perpetuate the party
idea of this Republican disunion party.
But there is one thing about this resolution
which is most remarkable if those eleven States
are out of this Union, and it is this : that not-
withstanding the proposition hero to amend the
Constitution in three particulars there is not yet
any plan or proposition whatever reported by
this committee for the restoration of this Union,
or for those States to be represented in Con-
gress. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
right, and these eleven States are still out of
the Union, adopt this amendment without their
voice being heard, if you please, adopt it by
the vote of nineteen States, and still these
States, according to the gentleman's theory,
will be out of the Union. Where, then, is
your reconstruction, where your restoration
in this joint resolution? Where has the com-
mittee shown any disposition, any desire for a
restoration of the Union? Have they up till
to-day reported any measure whereby a resto-
ration of the Union is to bo accomplished,
whereby these States are ever to be restored
and recognized as in the Union ? How, under
the theory of the gentleman that they are not
to be counted or considered, because out of
the Union, are they ever under this measure to
become members of this Union? If they are
not now members will the adoption of this
amendment to the Constitution make them
members of this Union? Certainly not. They
are no more in the Union then or entitled to
representation in Congress then than now.
Here, then, is another gross inconsistency,
showing the purpose and the object of this
