66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Freedmen's Bureau, &c.—Mr. Garfield.
39th Cons.... 1st Sess.
eral bond, but have utterly demolished their
municipal governments.
Now, let us inquire how the surrender of the
military power of the rebellion affected the legal
condition of those States. When the rebellion
collapsed, and the last armed man of the con-
federacy surrendered to our forces, I affirm that
there was not in one of those States a single
fovernment that we did or could recognize,
'here was not in one of those States, from Gov-
ernor down to constable, a single man whom
we could recognize as authorized to exercise
any official function whatever. They had formed
governments alien and hostile to the Union.
Not only had their officers taken no oaths to
support the Constitution of the United States,
but they had heaped oath upon oath to destroy it.
I go further. I hold that there were in those
States no constitutions of any binding force and
effect; none that we could recognize. A consti-
tution, in this case, can mean nothing less than,
a constitution of government. A constitution
must constitute something or it is no constitu-
tion. "When we speak of the constitution of
Alabama we mean the constitution of the gov-
ernment of Alabama. When the rebels sur-
rendered there remained no constitution in Al-
abama, because there remained no government.
Those States reverted into our hands by victo-
rious war, with every municipal right and every
municipal authority utterly and completely
swept away. Whose duty was it to assume the
control of them under such circumstances?
In the first instance it was the duty of the
President of the United States. Congress was
not then in session. Military resistance to the
armies of the Union had ceased, and the laws
of war pervaded everj' inch of the conquered
territory. I appeal to the highest authorities
in international law, as quoted by Halleck,
chapter thirty-two, section one :
" The right of one belligerent to occupy and govern
the territory of the enemy while in its military pos-
session is one of the incidents of war. and flows di-
rectly from the right to conquer. We therefore do
not look to the constitution or political institutions
of the conqueror for authority to establish a govern-
ment for the territory of the enemy in his possession,
during its military occupation, nor for the rules by
which the powers of such government are regulated
and limited. Such authority and such rules are do-
rived directly from the laws of war, as established by
the usage ot the world, and confirmed by the writings
of publicists and the decisions of courts—in fine,
from the law of nations. But when the conquest,
is mado complete in whatsoever mode, the right to
govern the acquired territory follows as the inevit-
able consequeneo of the right of acquisition, and the
character, form, and powers of the government es-
tablished over such conquered territory are deter-
mined by the constitution and laws of the State
which acquires it, or with which it is incorporated.
The government established over an enemy's terri-
tory during its military occupation may exercise all
the powers given by tho laws of war to the conqueror
over the conquered, and is subject to all the restric-
tions which that code imposes. It is of little conse-
quence whether such government becalled amilitary
or civil government; its character is tho same, and
the source of its authority thesame; in either case it
is a government imposed by the laws of war, and so
far as it concerns the inhabitants, of such territory,
or the rest of the world, those laws nlone determine
the legality or illegality of its acts. But the conquer-
ing State may, of its own will, whether expressed in
its constitution or in its laws, impose restrictions ad-
ditional to those established by the usage of nations,
conferring upon tho inhabitants of the territory so
occupied, privileges and rights to which they are not
strictly entitled by the laws of war; and, if such gov-
ernment of military occupation violate these addi-
tional restrictions so imposed, it is accountable to the
power which established it, but not to the rest of the
world."
Again, chapter thirty-three, section sixteen,
in applying the laws of war to our Government,
he says:
"The President of tho United States can malie no
treaty without the concurrence of two thirds of tho
Senate, and his authority over ceded territory, though
derived from the law of nations, is limited by the
Constitution and subordinate to the laws of Congress,
it, however, is well settled by the Supreme Court that
as constitutional Commander-in-Chief he is author-
ized to form a civil or military government for the con-
quered territory during the war, and that when such
territory is ceded to the United States, a.s a conqucst,
the existing government so established does not cease
as a matter of course or as a consequence of the res-
toration of peace; that, on the contrary, such fovcrn-
ment is rightfully continued after the peace and until
Congress legislates otherwise; but that tho President
may virtually dissolve this government by withdraw-
ing the officers who administer it; provided he does
nottlierebyncglect his constitutional obligation, 'to
take care that the laws be faithfully executed.'
"So long as that government continues, with the
express or implied sanction ot the I'rendent, it repre-
sents the sovereignty of the United States, and has
the legal authority to enforce and execute the laws
which extend over such territory. Congress may at
any time put an end to this government of the con-
quered territory, and organize a new one, or it may
permit the people of such territory to form a con-
stitution, and admit it as anew State into the Union."
It was decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States, in reference to the Mexican war,
that—
"On the conquest of acountry the President may es-
tablish a provisional government, which may ordain
laws and institute a judicial system, which will con-
tinue in force after the war and until modified by the
direct legislation of Congress 01- by the territorial
government established by its authority."—9 Howard,
p. 615.
From these authorities and from the facts in
the case it is evident;
1. That, by conquest, the United States ob-
tained complete control of the rebel territory.
% That every vestige of municipal authority
in those States was, by secession, rebellion,
and the conquest of the rebellion, utterly de-
stroyed.
3. That the state of war did not terminate
with the actual cessation of hostilities, but that
under the laws of war'itwas the duty of the
President, as Commander-in Chief, to establish
governments over the conquered people of the
insurgent States, which governments, 110 mat-
ter what may be their form, are really military
governments, deriving their sole power from
the President.
4. That the governments thus established are
valid while the state of war continues and until
Congress acts in the case.
5. That it belongs exclusively to the legis-
lative authority of the Government to deter-
mine the political status of the insurgent States,
either by adopting the governments the Presi-
dent has established, or by permitting the peo-
ple to form others, subject to the approval of
Congress.
Tho President mighthavc sent a major gen-
eral or any other military officer to govern each
one of the rebel States. But he chose to con-
sult the people and allow them to adopt a form
of government so nearly resembling civil gov-
ernment that they might the more easily come
back to their places by and by. But, it was
none the less a military government for that
reason. On any other ground the whole course
of the President would have been an unwar-
rantable usurpation.
Now, holding first that the President had full
authority in the matter, I ask, how long does
his authority last? It is clearly settled by the
authorities to which I have referred that his
authority lasts until Congress speaks. So long
as Congress is silent, the governments estab-
lished by the President will remain.
It is now time, Mr. Speaker, that Congress
should make its declaration of policy and prin-
ciple in reference to these governments.
Let us not quarrel with the past. Let us not
endanger the future because the President's
policy in the past has not been all we could de-
sire. In one important particular I wish it had
been different. When he appealed to the peo-
ple of the South to cooperate with him in estab-
lishing his military governments I greatly regret
that he did not appeal to all the loyal people.
I regret that he did not recognize the rights and
consult the wishes of those loyal millions who
were made free and made citizens also by the
events of the war.
But let that pass. Wrhat he did he had a
right to do; what remains to be done is for
Congress and the President in their legislative
capacity to determine. Our rights in this direc-
tion are as ample as the rights of conquest.
What are they? I read from Woolsey, page
231, the latest utterance of public law, made
with direct reference to our war:
"When an internal war breaks out the Govern-
ment must determine whether the municipal or in-
ternational code, in whole or in part, shall be adopted.
In general tho relation of tho parties ought to be
nearly those of ordinary war which humanity de-
mands, and will be, because otherwise the law of
retaliation will bo applied. Municipal law may be
enforced with less evil m the way ot pecuniary than
of personal penalties; lines or confiscations ma.y be
efficacious in strengthening the Government and de-
terring from rebellion. If slaves, as among us, form
a part of the property ot the rebels, since slavery is
local and the law of nations knows of no such thing,
the advancing military power of the Governmentmay
set them free and use and protccttkem; and, indeed,
if force overthrows the local laws on which slavery
rests they become free of course. The same rules of
war are required in such a war as in any other, the
same ways of fighting, the same treatment of prison-
ers, of combatants, of non-combatants, and of pri-
vate property by the army where it passes. So also
natural justice demands the same voracity and faith-
fulness which are binding in the intercourse of all
moral beings.
"Nations thus treating rebels by no means con-
cede thereby that they form a State, or that they aro
de facto such. t There is a difference between belliger-
ents and belligerent States which has been too much
overlooked.
" When a war ends to the disadvantage of tho insur-
gents, municipal law may clinch the nail which war
has driven, may hang, after legal process, instead of
shooting, and confiscate the whole instead of plun-
deiing a part. Hut a wise and civilized nation will
exercise only so much of this legal vengeance as the
interests of lasting peace imperiously demand."
These capacious powers are in our hands.
How shall we use them? I agree with my friend
from Connecticut [Mr. Demixg] that we need
not apply the strictissimum jus to these con-
quered people. We should do nothing inconsist-
ent with the spirit and genius of our institutions.
We should do nothing for revenge, but every-
thing for security; nothing for the past, every-
thing forthepresentand thefuture. Indemnity
for the past wo can never obtain. The four hun-
dred thousand graves in which sleep our fathers
and brothers, murdered by rebellion, will keep
their sacred trust till the augel of the resurrec-
tion bids the dead come forth. The tears, the
sorrow, the unutterable anguish ofbroken hearts
can never be atoned for. We turn from that
sad but glorious past, and demand such securi-
ties for the future as can never be destroyed.
And first, we must recognize in all our action
the stupendous facts of the war. In the very
crisis of our fate God brought us face to face
with the alarming truth that we must lose our
own freedom or grant it to tho slave. In the
extremity of our distress we called upon the
black man to help us save the Kepublic, and
amid Lhe very thunder of battle, we made a cov-
enant with him, sealed both with his blood and
ours, and witnessed by Jehovah, that when the
nation was redeemed, he should be free and
sliaie with us the glories and blessings of free-
dom. In the solemn words of the great proc-
lamation of emancipation, we not only declared
the slaves forever free, but we pledged the faith
of the nation "to maintain their freedom''—■
mark the words, " to maintain their freedom."
The Omniscient witness will appear in judgment
against us if we do not fulfill that covenant.
Have we done it? Havewegiven freedom to the
black man? What is freedom? Is it a mere ne-
gation ; the bare privilege of not being chained,
bought and sold, branded and scourged? If
this be ail, then freedom is a bitter mockery, a
cruel delusion, and it may well be questioned
whether slavery were not better.
But liberty is no negation. It is a substan-
tive, tangible reality. It is the realization of
those imperishable truths of tho Declaration
'• that all men are created equal," that the sanc-
tion of all just government is the consent of
the governed." Can these truths be realized
until each man has a right to be heard on all
matters relating to himself?
Mr. Speaker, we did more than merely to
break off the chains of the slaves. The aboli-
tion of slavery added four million citizens to
the Republic. By the decision of the Supreme
Couit, by the decision ofthe Attorney General,
by the decision of all the departments of our
Government, those men made free are, by the
act of freedom, made citizens. As another has
said, they must be 1' four million disfranchised,
disarmed, untaught, landless, thriftless, non-
