1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
ing joint resolution reported by the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction:
Rciolr^d by thr S'-'tiuU' and House of ftep?-csentativcs
of the C.ult-i! State* ot A-inerica in Cbnr/rri<: tif-nembled,
(two thiols of both Houses concurring.,1 That the to I -
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures ot the
several Sorties as an amendment io the Constitution
of the United States; which, "when ratified by thrae
fourths ot the said Legislatures, shall bo valid as pal t
of said Constitution, namely:
A RTJ.GLK—. Kepiesentatives and direct taxes shall
be apportioned among the several States which may
be included within this Union according to their re-
spective numbers, counting the whole number of per-
sons in cach State, excluding Indians not taxed: Pro-
vided, That whenever the elective franchise shall be
denied or abridged in any State on account of race
or color, all persons of U'-h race or color shall bo ox-
eluded from the basis of representation.
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Le Blond to refer the joint resolution and
pending amendments to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, upon which
Mr. Raymond was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKL1NG. With the permission of
my colleague, [Mr. Raymond,] 1 will request
the Chair to state the exact position of this sub-
ject before the House, and the various questions
now pending.
The SPEAKER. The committee having re-
ported this joint resolution, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] moved to amend
by inserting the word '' therein'' after the words
"all persons,'' in the last clause of the proposed
amendment to the Constitution.
Pending that motion, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelua'.] moved an en-
tirely new proposition in the nature of a sub-
stitute for thejointresolution reported from the
joint committee, proposing an amendment to
the Constitution differing from the one reported
from the committee. The gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Baker,] also submitted for his
colleague [Mr. Ixoersoi.l] a proposition in the
nature of a substitute fori he one reported from
the committee, as an amendment to the amend-
ment.
Pending those two propositions, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] moved to re-
commit the joint resolution to the joint com-
mittee with certain instructions. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] moved
to amend the instructions, and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] moved to amend the
amendment.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond]
also moved to commit the whole subject to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. 'J'he first question will therefore be upon
the motion to commit to the Committee of the
Whole, as that committee is higher in i auk than
the joint committc- on reconstruction.
Next after that will be the various motions
to recommit with instructions. jf all those
propositions should fail, then the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
being for the purpose of perfecting the origi-
nal proposition, will eome up for eonsiderniion.
Then the propositions in the nature of substitutes
will eome up for consideration ; first the amend-
ment to the amendment, proposed by the gen-
tleman from Illinois. [Mr. Baker,] and next
the substitute amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr, Kelley.]
reception of general sherman.
Mr. FARN3WORTII. luppeultothegonlle-
man from New York [Mr. Raymond] to give
way to enable me to make a motion that the
House take a recess of five minutes, am1 that
in the mean time the Speaker invito the distin-
guished cenerai now on the floor. Major (Gen-
eral W.'T. Sherman, to the chair, and intro-
duce him to the members ot 11ris House.
Mr. RAYMOND. 1 yield with pleasure.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly took a recess.
[The SPEAKER having conducted General
Sherman, to the Speaker's desk, said:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives.
I have ihe honor to introduce to you this day,
by your unanimous order, Major General Sher-
man. so well known to you and to the w'hole civil-
ized world as one of our most gallant and hetoic
defenders in the contest for the Union which
has so happily closed. Of the brilliancy of his j
achievements, of his services for his country ■'
in peril, bul, thank God, preserved, it is need-
less that 1 should speak. 1 know that gratitude
Ibr those services is felt in eveiy loyal heart. I
[Applause.] i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for |
three cheers "for the distinguished soldier who
is now present with us.
In response to this call, the members on the
floor joined with the spectators in the galleries
in a round of most enthusiastic applause which
did not subside for some minutes.
General Sherman, when silence had been
comparatively restored, said:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives,
I am more accustomed to cheering, such as you
have given me. than I am to pitching my voice
to reach 1he confines of such a Hall as (his,
which I have never before entered save as a
looker-on in the galleries. I can simply (hank
you from my heart for the cordial reception
which you have extended to me. trusting that 1
may continue to deserve the good wishes which
the warmth of your welcome has manifested.
To that end I will endeavor to do all in my
power. [Renewed applause.]
General Sherman then came upon the floor,
and was introduced by the Speaker to the mem-
bers of the House.
At the expiration of the recess the House
resumed business.]
messacc from the senatte.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, ttsChiefClerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, House bill No. o.j, authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to grant the use of a portion of
the military reserve on the St. Clair river, in the
State of Michigan.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S.
No. 88) to restrict the expenses of collecting
soldiers' claims against tiie ' bo ennnsio ; in
which he was directed to request the concur-
rence of the House.
message ekom the president.
A message in writing was iveeived from Ihe
President of the United States, by Colonel Wil-
liam G. Moore.
BASIS OF KUntESEXTATtON ACIATN.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, this joint
resolution now under consideration, as 1 under-
stand it, comes to us for our action from the
joint committee appointed, at the opening ef
this session, forthe purpose of " inquiring into
the political coudiliou of the States lately in
rebellion, in order 1o determine whether those
States are or are not entiiiecl to ropiv^'enlation
in Congress." How much ot " information ' on
that subject this resolution embodies the mem-
bers of this Rouse can judsr" as well as 1 can.
What precise and particular connection it lias
with the object for which that committee was
appointed is left wholly and entirely to inference.
That commilteo has reported, without rea-
sons assigned, without explanation of any sort,
a naked proposition to amend the Constitution
of the United States. Now, sii, I am afiaid
that I shall fall under the censure expressed a
dav or two ago by the distinguished geuthmiaii
from Ohio [Mr. Bjxi.iiam] in regard to those
wdio are unwilling to tamper with the, Coimti-
tmion of the United States as it stands to-day.
I acknowledge freely that I do look town all
propositions for its amendment with heduuion
and distrust. I think i! theve is nnyil'iin1, es-
tablished in the history of tlii- coiikoa itjs that
that Constitution is the mo.-i wondered instru-
ment ever framed by the hand of man for the
covcrmnent of a great nation. I think it has
proved itself fully adequate to all the emergen-
cies of peace and of war, and 1 think the his-
tory of this country daring the last tour or five
vears. when the great civil contest for the de-
struction or preservation of this Government
was eari'md on to a triumphant close by virtue
of the provisions or under the explicit peiu.is-
sions of that Constitution, affords the highest
possible testimony that any of us could ask to
the fiict of its perfect adaptation to the wants
and necessities of the country.
I think, especially, that in its distribution of
the powers among the different, departments of
the < foverunieiit. that Constitution hasprovedits
wisdom, and 1 think this is even still more clearly
shown in its distribution of powers between the
General Government and the several States.
That document has proved that it was made not
for days or for years, but for all time; and when
1 foresee the vast extent of eountiy over which
this Government may at some future time be
extended, T cannot but dread any change that
shall touch any of its fundamental provisions,
or any of the fundamental principles upon which
it rests.
Still, sir, I recognize the. justice and propri-
ety of what was paid by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] as to the wisdom and ne-
cessity of amendments to meet changed circum-
stances and an altered condition of facts. I
recognize, for example, in the fact that slavery
has ceased fo exist in this country, the pro-
priety of so amending the Constitution as to
make it forever impossible to reestablish slavery
within the. United States. The specific evil which
ihe amendment reported by the committee is
intended to remedy is also probably one which
may properly demand attention. By the present
Constitution, and under the state of things which
prevailed but a year or two ago, the States in
which slavery existed were entitled to the
representation, in common with all the other
Stales of the Union, of the whole number of
tree persons, together with three fifths of all
other persons. The fact that they had among
them four million persons wdio were not free
gave them thus a. great advantage in represen-
tation over all oilier sections of the Union.
They had a representation for three fifths of those
slaves. Those slates have now been set free,
and, as free persons, the States in which they
are found are entitled, tinder the present pro-
visions of the Constitution, to full representa-
tion for them. The South has thus gained, as
a direct, consequence of the rebellion, an ad-
ditional representation for two fifths ol those
four millions, in other words, one million six
hundred thousand perse,us are added to their
representative population.
Now. sii, 1 acknowledge thai to he an ine-
quality which demands .rUontion and a remedy,
if a remedy can be found which shall not be
worse than the evil itself. This committee lias
reported this amendment as providing that rem-
edy. I do not suppose that it wull be possible
to propose any remedy whh-h will not ho open
to some objections. 1 think, howevei, that this
amendment is open to some of a very serious
nature. One objection(which, however, applies
equally to all the propositions that have been
suggested | is that, it changes the basis of repre-
sentation from population to something else,
and something less. It is, sir. a fundamental
principle of free government, that the popula-
tion, t he inhabitants, ad who are subjects ot law,
shall be represented in the enactment of that
law and in the election of men In whom the law
is fo be executed, either directly by their own
votes, or through the, votes of others se> eon-
nected with theiu as tc> afhn d a fair presumption
that their wishes, their rights and their inter-
ests will be consult eel. This proposition departs
from that principle, and is thus objectionable
as e disturbance of the corner-stone on v.'hieK
our system of republican government—indeed
all denioi ratio inst'.tueons are supposed to i est.
Another objection is that the aim udmcnt as
drawn by the'committee is open to_ wrv con-
siderable doubt as to the meaning of the words
'•race'' and "color,'' Those grounds of doubt
were ably and forcibly s<atoel a lew days since
by the gentleman from PennsCiv ania, [Mr.
BiiooiiaTtj.] and need not now be repeated.
They arc entiiled, however, to serious and care-
ful con s tele rat ion.
Another objection is that it deprives of iep-
res'mnuion ihe ^hole ed'aov race In a State it
that State sho'ihl extend to a poiiionot that
ra.ee? the elee tive i'r.me hise. I do not think, sir,
that this is in itself a wise or juat provision.
It
