1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Freedmen's Bureau, &c.—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Reps.
producing, non-consuming, degraded men, or
four million land-holding, industrious, arms-
bearing, and voting population. Choose be-
tween the two!"
If they are to be disfranchised, if they are
to have no voice in determining the conditions
under which they are to live and labor, what
hope have they for the future? It will rest
with their late masters, whose treason they
aided to thwart, to determine whether negroes
shall be permitted to liold property, to enjoy
the benefits of education, to enforce contracts,
to have access to the courts of justice—in
short, to enjoy any of those rights which give
vitality and value to freedom. Who can fail
to foresee the ruin and misery that await this
race to whom the vision of freedom has been
presented only to be withdrawn, leaving them
without even the aid which the master's selfish,
commercial interest in their life and service for-
merly afforded them ? Will these negroes, re-
membering the battle-fields on which nearly
two hundred thousand of their number have so
bravely fought, and many thousands have hero-
ically died, submit to oppression as tamely and
peaceably as in the days of slavery ? Under such
conditions there could be no peace, no security,
no prosperity. The spirit of slavery is still
among us ; it must be utterly destroyed before
we shall be safe.
I remember an incident in the history of
the eastern church, as recorded by Gibbon
volume two, chapter twenty-eight, which illus
trates the power which slavery has exercised
among us. The Christians of that day under
the lead of Theopliilus undertook to destroy the
heathen temples. Gibbon says:
"Theopliilus proceeded to demolish the temple of
Serapis without any other difficulties than those
which he found in the weight and solidity of the ma-
terials, but these obstacles proved so insuperable that
he was obliged to leave the foundations and to eon-
tent himself with reducing the edifice itself to a heap
of rubbish, a partofwhich was soon afterward cleared
away to make room for a church, erected in honor of
tho Christian martyrs. . .
"The colossal statue of Serapis was involved m the
ruin of his temple and religion. A great number of
plates of different metals, artificially joined together,
composed the maj estic figure of the deity, who touchcd
on either side the walls of the sanctuary. rrho as-
pect of Serapis, his sitting posture, and tho scepter,
which he bore in his left hand, were extremely sim-
ilar to tho ordinary representations of Jupiter. He
was distinguished from Jupiter by the basket, or
bushel, which was placed on his head, and by the
emblematic monster which he held in his right hand,
the head and body of a serpent branching into three
tails, which were again terminated by the triple
heads of a dog, a Hon, and a wolf. It was confidently
affirmed that if any impious hand should dare to
violate tho majesty of the god tho heavens and earth
would instantly return to their original chaos. An
intrepid soldier, animated by zeal and armed with
a weighty battlc-ax ascended the ladder, and eyen
the Christian multitude expected with some anxiety
the event of the combat. He aimed a vigorous
stroke against the cheek of Serapis; the cheek tell
to the ground; the thunder was still silent, and both
theheavens and tho earth continued to preserve their
accustomed order and! tranquillity. The victorious
soldier repeated his blows, tho huge idol was over-
thrown and broken in pieces, and the limbs of Sera-
pis were ignominiously dragged through tlio streets
of Alexandria. His mangledcarcasswasburntmthe
amphitheater amid tho shouts of the populate, and
many persons attributed their conversion to this dis-
covery of tho impotence of their tutelary deity."
So slavery sat in our national Capitol. Its
huge bulk filled the temple of our liberty, touch-
ing it from side to side. Mr. Lincoln, on the
1st of January, 1803, struck it on the clieek,
and the faithless and unbelieving among us ex
pected to seo the fabric of our institutions dis
solve into chaos because their idol had fallen.
He struck it again; Congress and the States
repeated the blow, and its unsightly carcass lies
rotting in our streets. The sun shines in the
heavens brighter than before. Let us remove
the carcass and leave not a vestige of tho mon-
ster. We shall never have done that, until we
have dared to come up to the spirit of the Pil-
grim covenant of 1620, and declare that all men
shall be consulted in regard to the disposition
of their lives, liberty, and property. The Pil-
grim fathers proceeded on the doctrine that
every man was supposed to know best what
he wanted, and had the right to a voice in the
disposition of himself.
Is this Congress bravo enough and virtuous
enough to apply that principle to every citizen,
whatever be the color of his skin ? The spirit
of our Government, demands that there shall
be no rigid, horizontal strata running across our
political society, through which some classes
of citizens may never pass up to the surface; but
it shall be rather like the ocean where every
drojD can seek the surface and glisten in the sun.
Until we arc true enough and brave enough to
declare that in this country the humblest, the
lowest, the meanest of our citizens shall not be
prevented from passing to the highest place he
is worthy to attain, we shall never realize free-
dom in all its glorious meanings. I do not ex-
pect wc can realize this result immediately.
It may be impossible to realize it very soon;
but lot us keep oure5res fixed in that direction,
and inarch toward that goal.
There is a second groat fact which we must
recognize, namely, that the seven million
white men, lately in rebellion, now stand wait-
ing to have their case adjudged—to have it de-
termined what their states shall be in this Gov-
ernment. Shall they be held under military
power; shall tliey be governed by deputies ap-
pointed by the Executive ; or shall they again
resume the functions of self-government in the
Union—are some of tho questions growing out
of this second fact.
I will proceed to state, in a few words, what
seems to me necessary for the practical settle-
ment of this question. In view of the events
of the war, and the peculiar and novel situa-
tion of the parties and interests concerned; in
view of the powers conferred upon us by the
Constitution and the laws of war ; and in view
of the solemn obligations which rest upon us
to maintain the freedom, security, and peace
of all the citizens of the Republic, I inquire,
what practical measures can we adopt best cal-
culated to reach the desired result? It appears
to mo, sir, that we slioulcftake action in regard
to persons and in regard to States.
In reference to persona, we must see to it,
that hereafter, personal liberty and personal
rights are placed in the keeping of the nation ;
that the right to life, liberty, and property shall
be guarantied to tho citizen in reality as they
now are in the words of the Constitution, and
no longer left to the caprice of mobs or the
contingencies of local legislation. If our Con-
stitution does not now afford all the powers
necessary to that end, we must ask tho peo-
ple to add them. Wc must give full force and
effect to the provision that '' no citizen shall be
deprived of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law.'' We must make it as true
in fact as it is in law, that "the citizens of each
State shall be entitled to all tho privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States."
We must make American citizenship the shield
that protects every citizen, on every foot of our
soil. The bill now before the House is one of
the means for reaching this desirable result.
What shall be done with the States lately in
rebellion? How shall we discharge our duty
toward them ? I shall hail with joy the day
when they shall all be again in their places.
loyally obedient and fully represented by loyal
men. Are they now entitled to admission? Are
they worthy of so groat confidence ? To my
mind, Mr. Speaker, tho prima fade evidence
is against them ; the burden of proof rests on
each of them to show whether thev are fit a^ain
to enter the Federal circle in full communion of
privileges. We are sitting as a general court ol
tho nation. They are to appear at the bar of
the Republic and show cause why they should
be brought in. I say the burden of proot is
upon their shoulders. When we knewjjicm.
last they were hurling the lightnings of war
against us ; they were starving our prisoners of
war in their dungeons ; they wore burning our
towns; they were hating tho Union above all
things, and were bound by bloody oaths to de-
stroy it. Thus stood the case when Congress
adjourned ten months ago. They must give
us proof, strong as Holy Writ, that they have
washed their hands and are worthy again to
be trusted. No rumors of change will sat-
isfy me. No Delphic oracle, telling beautiful
tales of peace and restoration : no gentle dec-
larations like those we hear from the other side
of this Chamber, that the people of the South
" have accepted the results of the war," will
suffice. I know they have accepted the results
of war—as Buckner accepted them at Fort Don-
elson; as Pemberton accepted them at Vicks-
burg; as Lee accepted tlicm last April in Vir-
ginia.
1 hasten to say, Mr. Speaker, that I do not ex-
pect seven million men to change their hearts—
to love what they hated and hate what they
loved—on the issue of a battle. Nor are we
set up as a judge over tlieir beliefs, their loves,
or their hatreds. Our duty is to demand that
before we admit them they shall give us suffi-
cient assurance that, whatever they may think,
believe, or wish, their actions in the future shall
be such as loyal men can approve. What have
they done to give us that assurance?
1 hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker, a procla-
mation issued a few days since liy lionjamin (x.
Humphreys, late a general hi tho rebel army,
now the military governor of Mississippi, which
will illustrate the spirit in which it is desired to
administer the affairs of reorganized Missis-
sippi. He says:
" Whereas section six of an act of the Legislature
of thetitate ot Mississippi, entitled 'An act authoriss-
ins the issuance ol treasury not advance upon cot-
toil. approved December 1(J, IHtil,' piovides thatwheu-
ever the present blockade ol I ho poiisot the confeder-
ate States shall be removed, which ?<h;tll be determined
by the proclamation of the Governor declaring tho
fact, 'the Governor shall, bv said proclamation, re-
quire all persons to whom advances may huve been
made to deliver the number of bales of cotlon upon
which they have received an advance, in accordance
with their respective receipts, wiihin ninety days fiom
the date of said proclamation
" Now. therefore, I. benjamin 0. Humphreys, Gov-
ernor of the State of j\lis,-ihsipj>i, b> viitue of the au-
thority vested in me by the constitution and laws of
.said State, do hereby proclaim that, the blockade of
the ports of the confederate States has boon removed;
and I do require all persons to whma advances have
been made to delivci the number ot bales ot cotton
upon which they have received an advance, in ac-
cordance with their respective jeeejpi-i on file in the
auditor's cilice, within, ninety days from the date of
this proclamation."
Now, what docs that moan? Thai, ho recog-
nizes as valid tho acts of tho Legislature of the
late rebel Slate of Mississippi arul of the eon-
federate States, and bases his proclamation
thereon. This proclamation only readied US
a few days ago. And yet then; are members
of this House who ask us to admit the Repre-
sentatives of Mississippi at once.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in the neighboring State
of Virginia fi law has lately been passed which
declares certain negroes vagrants, ami provides
that as a penalty they may be sold into sla-
very. Major General Terry, ontboiMth ot Jan-
nary, issued his military order nullifying that
law. Is that a civil government in which the
military authorities abrogate the laws? Are
the men who make such laws worthy of our
confidence? I say again, the case is^ against
them, the burden of proof is on their shoul-
ders. They must pui^e themselves before I
can consent to let them in.
IIow stands the case in Tennessee, the least
treasonable of all? In a letter addressed to
vonraolf, Mr. Speaker, under dale of January
15.1SUG, after pleading for the admission ot the
delegation from that State, Govt rnor Bruwnlow
says:
"Standing upon a different footing altogether, it
docs not follow that if the Teiine^ocans f f
thelleprcsentalivcstr( m othcrStat^la cd> 11 rebel-
lion raihi come in also. JSot a man smith ot
see should be admitted until those States
of the spirit of rebellion,and electa more ojaUotot
men, and men who can take the congressional test
oath, which but few of those elected c.tn ao. T
"If the removal of the Federal iioopstiuin itnnes
SCO must nccc«s:ii ily follow upon the
congressional delegation to their seats. wl \, then and
in that case, the loyal men ol
out Representatives in Congress. But oui u mbra
cm be admitted, and a military toivo retained sum-
cient to govern and control the rebellious. ) tell you,
and through you, all whom it may concoi 11, thai, vitli-
ofit a law to disfranchise rebels,.and a force hi carry
out the provisions of that law, this State will pass into
