1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
Navy, deceased, was read a second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole: It
directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to James Todd, administrator
of Josnua D. Todd, late of the United States
Navy, deceased, the pay of a master in the X avy
of the United States, from June 17, 1S44, to
August 10, 1846,- after deducting therefrom the
amount already received by him as passed
midshipman during that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JANE HARMS.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I ask the Senate to take
up a little pension bill, Senate bill No. 200,
that I reported a few days ago from the Com-
mittee on Pensions. It will take but a few
moments.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 200) for the relief of Jane Harris was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Jane Harris,
widow of George II. Harris, late a private in
company I, sixth Iowa cavalry, now deceased,
on the pension rolls as entitled to a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month during her
widowhood, payment to commence October 23,
1863, the date of his death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
bkidge across tiie mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 38, to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at the city of St. Louis, State of Missouri,
and at the city of East St. Louis, State of Illi-
nois.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON". The Senator has now got his
bill up. I think it is important to have an ex-
ecutive session to-day, and I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to interfere
with the executive session if the understanding
of courtesy will b'c extended to me to take up
this bill in the morning and proceed with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
the unfinished business for one o' clock.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the
doors vvereieopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 21, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. BovNToN.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the putitition'of W. Denham
to the Thirty-Eighth Congress, provided that
copies be left.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to secure the speedy construction
of the X orthern Pacific railroad and telegraph
line, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed. |
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to 1
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re- j
ferred ; and also moved ihat the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
equalization op bounties.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to equalize the bounties of soldiers
and sailors who served the United States dur-
ing the late rebellion; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
HABEAS CORPUS ACT.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to state that had I
been present on yesterday when the habeas cor-
pus bill was passed I should have voted in the
affirmative. But I was necessarily absent, and
therefore did not.
OREGON INDIAN WAR DEBT.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the CommiOeo of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and extent of the
claims held by the State of Oregon and Washington
I crritory against thcUovcrnmeutoftho United States
lor expenses incurred in suppressing Indian hostili-
ties in said tftato and Territory in the years 1S55 and
IS06; and if any tiling is found due baid State and
Territory that they report bill for the payment of
the same according to the principles of justice and
equity.
arlington military cemetery,
Mr. WARD. I desire to make a statement
upon a subject in relation to which the public
feel a very deep interest. T have received
numerous letters from various parts of the
country, written by friends and relations of
soldiers who have been buried at Arlington
Heights, expressing their solicitude as to the
title which the Government holds of those
heights. Fears seem to be entertained that
at sonic future time the sacred dust of our
heroic dead may becomc the property of the
arch-traitor Lee or his descendants. In order
to ascertain the facts, I have addressed the
Secretary of War a letter upon the subject.
His reply I ask to have read.
'1 he Clerk read the communication, as fol-
lows :
War Department,
Washington City, february 21, 1866.
Sir: I am directed by the Secretary of War to
acknowledge the receipt of your note of tho 15th
instant requesting mfounation with regard to tho
title of the Government to Ihegroundson Arlington
Heights occupied foi a national mihtaiy cemetery,
and in reply thereto to state that it appears from a
ropoit of iircvct Lieutenant Colonel J. G. C. Lee,
assistant quartermaster United States Army, to the
Quartermaster General, that at a sale of lands for
unpaid taxes on the 11th of January, 1804. the Ar-
lington estate, including the ground1? referred to,
was hid in by tho United State* lor the sum of
$2t),$00, and was afterwards turned over to the mili-
tary authoiities, and that tho certificate of the sale
is now in the hands of the United States tax eommis-
r-ioners at Alexandria, Virginia, but will, as is stated
by them, be soon placed on file in the Treasury
Depjutment.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
EDWIN L. STANTON.
Hon. Hamilton Ward, Washington, D. O.
IOWA CENTRAL RAILROAD.
Mr. HUBBARD of Iowa, bj 'unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill granting land to the Slate
of Iowa in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of the. Town, Central railroad; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. JULIAN moved that the bill he referred
to (he Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ^VASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national bureau 01' education.
Mr. GRINNEUL presented the joint resolu-
tion of tho Legislature of the State of Iowa, in
favor of the establishment of a national Bureau
of Education; which was referred to the select
committee on national Bureau of Education,
and ordered to be printed.
diplomatic appuopjitation btll.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the consular and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill, with the amend-
ments to it reported from the Committee of the
Whole.
The House resumed the consideration of I
House bill No. 261, making appropriations foi
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June SO, 1867,
and for other purposes.
The question was upon agreeing to the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole,
upon which the previous question had been-
seconded and the main question ordered.
Mr. \VASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
but one important amendment, that in relation
to the appointment of a Solicitor for the State
Department. 1 he other amendments are merely
verbal, and can be adopted at once. But I
shall ask a separate vote upon the one 1 have
indicated.
The verbal amendments were then agreed to.
The question recurred npon the following
amendment of the Committee of the Whole:
Add as an additional sectiou:
And be it further enacted, That the President be,
and is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, on officer in the
Department of Stato to be called Solicitor to the De-
partment of State, at an annual salary of $3,000.
Mr. STEVliNS. I ask that the communi-
cation from the State Department, which I
send to the Clerk's desk, be read for the in-
formation of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Department op State,
Washington, February g, 1866.
Sir: The great number of claims of citizens of tho
United Stateson foreign Governments a.nd of the cit-
izens and subjects of ioreign countries on this Gov-
ernment growing out of the late civil war, and the
importance of the principles involved in them, make
it indispensable, in my judgment, that the head of
this Department should have the assistance of a pro-
fessional gentleman properly to dispose of those sub-
jects. Xo that end, X recommend that an appropria-
tion be inserted in the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill of $3,000, for the compensation at that
rate by the year of an oliiecr to be called "tho Soli-
citor to the Department of State."
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SWARD.
Hon. TuADnrus Stevens, llovse of Representatives.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
reluctant to object to anything that may be ne-
cessary for the proper carrying on of tho affairs
of thc^Governinent. But I do not see that it
is necessary to inaugurate this system of new
offices. We have already a Solicitor for the
War Department and a .Judge Advocate for the
Navy Department; and if wego on in this way
we shall be soon provided with such an officer
for every Department of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS, it is not proposed to make
more than a temporary office of this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
no limitation in the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I should have no objection,
if the House will agree to it, to inserting a pro-
viso that the office should not be continued after
the 30th of June, 1807.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will
limit the amendment as he suggests I will make
no objection to it.
Mr. CHANLER. It strikes me that that is
out of order.
The SPEAKER. It is out of order if objec-
tion is made.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; Congress can
repeal this section at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
stare that the amendment proposed by the-gen-
tlemnn from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is
for the purpose of limiting this office, so that it
shall expire at the end of the next fiscal year.
Mr. CHANLER. It appears to me that it
comes within the rule forbidding independent
legislation in an appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is cre-
ating a new office, and that is the reason why
I objected to it. But the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] and the Secretary of
State say that there is a large accumulation of
business in the State Department, and the ser-
vices of a professional man are needed to ex-
amine these cases. And it may be consistent
with public policy to establish this office, and
to continue it until those cases which have
grown out of the rebellion are disposed of.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman from Illi-
