m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
introduces tlxe anomaly of having voters for
representatives who may not be themselves
entitled,to representation. But when I recur
io the effect of that provision upon the southern
States, so clearly and forcibly pointed out the
loMer day by the distinguished gentleman from
.Qhio, [Mr. Schengk,] that ithcrldsout to those
States no encouragement to enfranchise any
portion of the colored race within their borders
unless they make suffrage with that race univer-
sal, I cannot help feeling that its effect wonld
be most disastrous upon the relations of this
IJpiofi to the whole southern States, and upon
the welfare of those States themselves, and of
iite colored people within their borders.
But, sir, I do not intend to pursue this in-
(jiiiry into the merits of the resolution, still less
ipto the merits of the various amendments which
liave been proposed to its provisions. I cannot,
ip the present state of this question, regard this
as a distinct proposition, standing on its merits
alone. I cannot forget that it comes to us from
a committee appointed for a specific object, to
consider a specific subject—to report to us the
political condition of the southern States with
a view to their representation upon this floor.
Prom the presumption of the case, I think I have
ih® right to assume that this resolution relates
to that general subject arid is closcly eonncetcd
with it. I infer; moreover, from the general tone
of the debate in this House on that point that
this is the view taken of it all through the H ouse;
arid when t regard more directly the remarks
made by the distinguished gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bktoiiam,] himself a member of the com
mittee, as to its meaning and scope, 1 am not
only confirmed in my belief that it does relate lo
that general subject, but I confess i am startled
as to the scope of action that it proposes to em-
brace, of which this is to be the initial step.
The gentleman from Ohio told us the other day,
in very impressive and forcible language, that
this was only the first of a series of amendments
and propositions which that committee would
submit forlhe action of the House. He regarded
them all as essential to the safely of the country.
He said ho trembled when he thought that this
whole series of propositions, which he deemed
so important to the public welfare, might not
be adopted by this Congress and the country at
large.
. Mr. BINGHAM. My statement was this : I
tremble for my country iff lie proposition now
pendingbe all that this House proposes to send
to the people for I,heir approval.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
Bay, in regard to interruptions, that I shall yield
cheerfully for a correction of any error into
which I may fall in repeating the remarks of
any gentleman ; I shall cheerfully yield to any
correction of any statement of fact; and I will
also yield for an explanation of any point I may
not make clcar. Beyond this I should greatly
prefer to follow the line of my remarks without
interruption.
I do not understand the gentleman to make
any important correction of the sentiment 1
understood him to express. 1 will adopt his
explanation. He now says he trembles for his
country if this were the only proposition the
House should adopt. The point I wish to
make is this: if this is the first of a series of
propositions for amending the Constitution of
the United States, so vital to the welfare of
the country, which we are lo assume from his
remarks may be reported from that commit-
tee, we are fairly entitled to know the whole
programme before we act upon any specific
feature of it. How do we know what proposi-
tion will follow, if we adopt this and send it
to the country? We should know the relation
of this to those which are to come after it. We
'should know whether this is in execution of its
own terms, or whether other propositions are
to iollow to give it effect. We should know
whether the powers of the General Govern-
ment of the Lnited States are to be so enlarged
as to destroy the rights which those States
now hold uuder the Constitution of the United
States. For one. sir, I am not willing in any
respect to act on this or any other similar
proposition from that committee, until I know
what is the rest of the schedule to be presented
for our adoption.
Now, sir, I cannot help believing—it is an
inference merely—that this proposition is re-
ported from that committee as part of a scheme
for reconstructing the Government and the Con-
stitution of the United States—for reconstruct-
ing both on the basis of a distinct principle
which has been over and over again announced
in this House. That principle is simply this:
that by the war which has been raging, and as
a consequence of that war, the States which
were in rebellion have ceased to have any exist-
ence as States; that they have ceased to be States
of this Union ; that they exist only as so much
waste, unorganized, ungoverned territory; that
the people who live upon that territory are sim-
ply " vanquished enemies," to be governed and
disposed of by us at our sovereign will, and sub-
ject to no law but our own discretion. It is on
that principle, sir, that the action proposed at
this time is to be based, if it has any basis at all.
,That has been the tone of the debates on the
subject here. That was the tone and tenor of
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SiXEi.LABAKOEK,] who replied to some remarks
which I made upon this subject a few weeks ago.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If the gentleman
is willing to yield for the purpose of correction
I will say he inaccurately understands what was
my meaning.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, perhaps it would be
more accurate and proper if I use the gentle-
man's own language. lie says:
"What is before thi.s Congress—by far the most mo-
mentous constitntimial question over heieconsidered
— 1 <it. once condone ami atliim m a single sentence.
"I Ms under our Constitution possible to, and t lie late
rebellion did in fact so, overthrow and usurp ill the
insurrectionary States the loyal State governments as
that, during such usurpation, such^Ktates and then-
people ceased to have any of tne lights or powers of
government, as States of this Union; and this loss of
the lights and powers of government was such that
the United States may and ought to assume and ex-
ereisotoeal powers of theiostState governments, and
may control the readmission of such States to their
powers of government in this Union, subject to and in
accordance with tho obligation to 'guaranty to each
State a republican form of government.'"
I accept that as the gentleman's statement
of tho case. Tho gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. stated in so many words that the
people of these latcdy rebellious States were
now "vanquished enemies," to he dealt with
politically as such, and that their lives, prop-
erly, and political rights were at our absolute
anil sovereign disposal. And he took some
credit to himself for being willina: to waive-in
their behalf something of the slrictissimum jus
which the rule of subjugation would give us.
Now, sir, as I have already indicated, my
position is the exact opposite of this. I deny
in toto the fact of such subjugation. I do not
believe that the war has given us any such
power. On the contrary, I holdthaUhese Stales
have never ceased to be States, and have never
ceased to bo Slales in and .States of the Union.
And they are to-day Suites of the Union, and
thcrctore entitled to all the rights conferred
upon them as such by the Constitution. And
we have no right and no power to exercise any
authority over them which the Constitution does
not confer niton us, an3- more than wo have over
the States of New England or the West.
Now, sir, 1 wish to say in the first place that
this is sometimes spoken of as a question of
mere metaphysics, or as a verbal difference,
not entitled to any particular consideration in
dealing with the practical relations of tho sub-
ject. It' 1 so regarded it I would not waste
time in this House in its discussion. But when
1 see that on that distinction turns a system of
policy to be pursued toward those States in re-
storing peace and harmony to the Union I can-
not so regard it. And many of the gentlemen
who themselves thus designate it have based
upon that distinction, nevertheless, the whole
scope of policy which they think should be pur-
sued towaid those States. I trust, therefore,
that the House will forbear with 1110 if I enter
somewhat at length into an examination of, the
great principle upon which it is proposed that
this question should rest. I can do it, perhaps,
more clearly and satisfactorily than otherwise,
in the form of reply to objections which have
been urged against the position I have taken;
and, without disrespect to any other gentlemen
011 this floor, I shall take the speech made by
fllie gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellatsauger]
in reply to me as embodying the most compact,
forcible, and most carefully prepared legal ar-
gument that has yet been made.
The gentleman from Ohio took the ground
that habitual obedience to law must characterize
a community in order to entitle it to be consid-
ered a State.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not wish to
interrupt the line of the gentleman's argument,
but I would ask to put a question now which
bears directly on the point upon which he now
proposes to base his argument.
Mr. RxYYMOND. If the gentleman will ask
his question I will tell him whether if will in-
terrupt my argument or not. -
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understood the
gentleman from New York to have just said
that he regards these rebel States as now in the
Union to ail intents and purposes as effectually
and as thoroughly as any of the States of this
Union. Now, then, if that is so, 1 wish to ask
him how this happens to be true, namely, (I
read from tho gentleman's speech recently made
on this floor:)
"The gentleman from Ohio ("Mr. Ptnck] who preceded
me took tho ground that they hid only to resume
their places and their powers in the nationalGovern-
ment—that their Representatives have only to come
into this Hall and take their seats without question
and without conditions of any sort. I cannot concur,
sir, in this view. J do not think these Stateshavc any
such rights. On the coutraiy, I think \ve have a full
and perfect right to require certain conditions, in the
nature of guarantees for the future, and that right
rests, primarily and technically, 011 the surrender we
may anil must require at their hands. Tho rebellion
has been defeated. A defeat always implies a sur-
render, and in a political sense asm-render implies
moio than the transfer of the amis used 011 tho field
of battle.''
Mr. RAYMOND. I submit to the gentleman
that what he has just read is not only not a
question, nor a correction, but in the nature
of a reply to my argument, and as such not
warranted at this point on the score of parlia-
mentary propriety or of personal courlesy. I
have no objection at the proper time to answer
the question, and I probably shall do so in the
course of my remarks. And I beg to suggest
to him or any other gentleman on this floor that
they will restrain their impatience to reply to
me until I get through, or take some othertime
and opportunity to discuss the question than
that which belongs to me, '
The last clause of tho passage from my re-
•marks which tho gentleman from Ohio read fur-
nishes a clue to the whole of them. As I said
then, I believe we had a right to demand of the
defeated rebels whatever might properly be em-
braced in the terms of a surrender. That sur-
render, embracing not only their arms and mu-
nitions of war but tho principles on which the
rebellion rested, they hare made and we have
accepted; and now they are entitled, with cer-
tain limitations, which I shall hereafter ex-
plain, if I am allowed to proceed in the regular
course of my remarks, to the rights given to
them by the Constitution, and we are particu-
larly restrained by the Constitution, which is
binding on us, from doing anything toward those
States which we may not properly do toward
any other State within the Union.
Now, sir, I return to the argument of the gen-
tleman in regard to the extinction of States.
Ho takes the ground, as I was saying, that hab-
itual obedience to law is essential to the exist-
ence of a State in the view of public law, and
he quoted Wheaton and Grotius and Burla-
maqui and others to sustain that position. I
have no disposition to quarrel with him on that
point. I admit it. I do not think it an ade-
quate definition of a State, but as far as it goes
it is just. Habitual obedience to law is essen-
tial to a State. He takes the same ground in
regard to a State in the Union, that a State to
be such in this Union must be characterized by
habitual obedience to the Constitution and laws
