urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
voyages to make to reach the most desirable
.fishing-grounds, to bring fish to our markets at
cheaper rates than our own people. In addi-
tion to this, our fishermen will now, when they
enjoy the privileges of the shore fisheries—
only needed for catching mackerel late in the
season—have to pay a license of from fifty to
one hundred dollars for each vessel, according
to its size. Under these circumstances justice
Requires the imposition of reasonable duties
upon foreign-caught fish. As we are now, how-
ever, met in a generous spirit, I hope Congress
will suitably respond and place only moderate
duties, sufficient to cover the items already indi-
cated, upon mackerel and cod-fish. Mackerel
may, perhaps, need to be placed even lower
than it will be found in the bill. In the cod-
fisheries it is no longer necessary to go within
three miles of the shore, and such duties can
be placed on the product as may seem judi-
cious ; but it being an article of food consumed
largely by those who can ill afford butchers'
meat at twenty-five to thirty cents per pound,
a moderate duty appears appropriate.
Our trade with the maritime Provinces is
one more deserving our fostering care than that
of the other Provinces. The people are very
friendly and they have articles such as we re-
quire in large quantities, such as coal and plas-
ter, for which they take of us flour and other
articles in nearly equal quantities. It is a re-
ciprocal trade that is profitable to all parties,
and ought to find some favor in our legislation.
And here let me remark that for eleven years
we have drawn moderate supplies of bitu-
minous coal from Nova Sgotia. Enterprising
Americans have embarked their capital there
and opened mines to supply the wants of the gas
companies in a few northern cities on the bleak,
ice-bound Atlantic coast. Some of our mills
and little iron foimderies have been started
with the expectation of a continued supply
of coal of this character from this quarter.
Even if this is granted the coal so used will
cost the consumers ten or twelve dollars per
ton, while that used by our brethren in Penn-
sylvania and Maryland, for identically the same
purposes, will only cost three or four dollars.
Most of the pig iron used iu Connecticut, Mas-
sachusetts, and Rhode Island, comes from
Pennsylvania. Is it now to be insisted upon
that no coal shall be used in those regions but
that which is dragged over a thousand miles
of railroad ? Is this necessary to the pros-
perity of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad—a
road that as I have heard is earning fatter
dividends than almost any in the land?
I have no feeling on this question, and I am
not aware that my constituents have any inter-
est in it, but to use the words which my excel-
lent friend from Chicago emphasizes with so
much unction, I desire to see " fair play."
The Committee of Ways and Means have
shaped the bill so that all cannel coal, bearing
the highest price of any, and all other bitumi-
nous coal imported from any place thirty de-
grees east of Washington, and all anthracite,
if there be any that can be imported, shall pay
$1 50 per ton, and only propose that the com-
mon bituminous coal, such as we have had
free for eleven years from Pictou, shall pay
fifty cents. Mr. Chairman, we leave it to the
good sense of this committee to say whether
this is not eminently just and fair. Even the
gentleman from the Pittsburg district concedes
that is right and proper, and where he leads,
on these subjects, I feel sure no Pennsylvanian
need fear to follow.
The present bill is not likely to suit every-
body, and I regard it only as a temporary
measure fit to be introduced because of the
imperious necessities of our present condition.
Many will think it inadequate to the exigen-
cies of the country and that much more ought
to have been conceded to our imperiled in-
dustries. The statements made by the gentle-
men of the revenue commission, who have long
studied the subject, as well as by those whose
special interests are touched, in almost every
instance, would have justified the Committee
- of Ways and Means in proposing higher rates
than will be found in the bill. But the com-
mittee have scrutinized every case, and con-
sented' to no higher rates, with only here and
there a possible exception, than will, as they
are forced to believe, place the American la-
borer, producer, or manufacturer upon a level
of fair competition with foreign capital and
foreign labor. During the prevalence of war
prices and the excelsior premium of 280 upon
gold, while we weffe accustomed to contem-
plate money in fabulous sums, something of
extravagance prevailed everywhere, but now
upon the return of peace we ought to begin to
practice the stern duties of economy, be con-
tent with moderate gains, and make some ap-
proach to our former rule of estimates, when
an advance of even five per cent, in the scale
of duties was weighed with as much scrupu-
lousness as gold dust in the balance. But un-
less we are willing to court the usual sequence
of war we must now adopt measures that will
shield our people from general financial ruin.
Wc are at the mercy of those who have had
no unusual war taxes,'no bounties to pay to
brave volunteers, and we must have a little
breathing time, time to recuperate, or we may
yet sink under the load, although triumphant
at all points in the great struggle of Freedom
against Slavery.
Our great revenue from internal taxes is
wholly, dependent upon the fact whether we can
keep our own fields, factories, and workshops
fully manned and the men constantly employed.
The tax they pay is a percentage on the in-
flated current value in our markets, and five
per cent, here is nearly equal to ten per cent, on
any foreign invoice, especially as we know that
many invoices, by the adroitness of trade, are
largely undervalued. Our taxes which are not
direct, also, imperceptibly, press hardly upon
all who are engaged in any kind of business.
Raw materials are largely increased in cost,
stamp taxes insidiously entrap every business
transaction, so that after we have levied extraor-
dinary duties we shall find that importations
will by no means cease. Although our present
tariff, in ordinary times, would be likely to be
denounced as prohibitive, yet we find ft prac-
tically productive beyond all precedent, yield-
ing for the year ending June 30, 18G6, nearly
one hundred millions more in solid gold than
was ever before realized, or about one hun-
dred and seventy million dollars. While the
present bill is indispensable to preserve the
aggregate of our internal revenue, it will not be
likely to diminish, even if it does not increase,
the revenue from imports. It will keep our peo-
ple at work.
I am in favor of taking proper care of Amer-
ican industry as against foreign competition,
now and at all times, whether it be that engaged
in the production of flour or wool, brogans or
ships, or whether it be the tiny artificial flower
that embellishes the lady's bonnet or the pon-
derous engine that moves the floating palace,
in spite of wind or weather, from ocean to
ocean. Let the time be'far distant when an
American citizen will be forced to work for the
wages of those whose toil furnishes no home-
steads, no school-houses, and finally not even
tomb-stones for the graves of themselves or
their children. But rather than jeopardize a
sound public policy, rather than excite the
odium which extravagance is always likely to
excite, I should counsel temporary inconven-
ience and the lowest rate of duties under
which it is possible for our various branches
of manufactures, not to prosper, but to live,
hoping that a better time is coming, when labor
will be more abundant, taxation less onerous,
and when our paper money shall be good for
its entire face value. God speed the day!
Mr. Chairman, I will not at this time con-
sume further time of the House, but will, when
in the progress of the bill, have something more
to say in relation to its details.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I do not
avail myself of the floor at this time for 
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman. I desire to
say this: if it is the wish of the committee, I
would like to move at once that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating all general
debate; but if it is the desire on the part of
gentlemen to continue the discussion through
the day, I have no objection to debate for to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, after the speech
just made by the gentleman from Vermont, we
shall be allowed some latitude of discussion.
I look upon this bill as a free-trade bill from
beginning to end. It is anything but protective.
For instance, I see a single item in this bill,
not in the former act, relating to what is called
scrap iron, which means any kind of iron. The
duty on scrap iron is one half that on pig iron,
and yet it is worth four times as much as pig
iron. This is a tariff particularly fitted for the
eastern market.
I shall not say anything about the question
of coal until I find whether my colleague has
really indorsed the bill or not. If he had not
been on the committee I should say it was a
most extraordinary imposition upon the pro-
tective tariff of the country. But I did not
rise to speak on the subject, but simply to ask
that we may be allowed a little discussion.
Mr. MOOREffiAD. As my name has been
introduced by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, very unexpectedly to me,
with regard to the tariff on coal, and as I have
now been referred to by my colleague, [Mr.
Steven's,] I deem it proper that I should say
a few words on this subject. I can only say
that while I believe the chairman of the com-
mittee quoted me correctly when he referred
to the gentleman from the Pittsburg district as
conceding this, yet he might have said a great
deal more. He might have said that I con-
tended for the full rate of $1 25 per ton on all
bituminous coal, and that the rate proposed in
this bill is a compromise. I am very free to
say, since the chairman of the committee has
placed me in that position, that I did concede
that point, and that I made use of this argu-
ment, which I am willing my constituents and
those of. every other Representative on this
floor should see, hear, and know as coming
from me, namely, that it was unnatural that
we should prevent the New England manu-
facturers from using and procuring coal frdm
their own mines in the Provinces, and force
them to get it from the Maryland, Pennsyl-
vania, and Virginia coal districts, a distance of
a thousand miles or more of railroad trans-
portation. I said that in the committee, and I
say it now to the House.
I do not know but there is a constitutional
difficulty here, and that under subsisting trea-
ties with Great Britain we ought not make a
distinction in this regard as against one of her
colonies. But I am not a constitutional law-
yer, and I leave that question to be settled by
them. But I saw a great difficulty in discrim-
inating, in saying that articles coming from
one country should pay a higher rate of duty
than the same articles coming from another.
The chairman of the committee will bear me
witness that I was unwilling at any time or
under any circumstances to agree that bitumi-
nous coal should be taxed less than $1 2o per
ton, which is the present rate. I wanted it
increased to two dollars, or at least to a dollar
and a half. I did concede, however, that if a
discrimination could be made in favor of the
coal brought from mines in the colonies owned
by our citizens and used by them here, as
against the coal of Liverpool or Newcastle, it-
ought to be done. In asking for a discrimina-
tion I stand here as I have always stood, as the
advocate of a high tariff. I have sometimes
been censured for agreeing to call it a protect-
ive tariff. I am in favor of a protective tariff.
What is my object in asking for a protective
tariff? It is to protect the manufacturers of
this country and the labor of this country
against the manufacturers and labor of the
Old World, where labor costs less than one
half what it does here.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. MOORHEAD. I must decline to yield
the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I believe I hold the floor,
and I yielded it temporarily to my colleague.
