25Q%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
people and governments of the eleven rebel-
lious States, have not in any way changed the
constitutional relations which previous to the
war subsisted between those people and States
on the one hand and the national Government
pn the other; and, as a consequence,
3. That those States respectively, and the
loyal people thereof, have an immediate and
unquestionable right of representation; pro-
vided, always, that in each case the person
elected now is, and heretofore has been, loyal
to the Government and a supporter of the Con-
stitution of the country, of which fact each
House is the sole judge on the question of the
right of a claimant to a seat; and therefore,
4. That no legislation or amendment of the
Constitution is necessary, or even proper, as a
prerequisite to the full exercise of the right of
representation in the Congress of the United
States by the people and States lately in insur-
rection.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will insert the words ''the loyal
people" I think lie will state the position some
Democratic gentlemen take.
Mr. BOUTWELL. That is the difference
between the gentleman from Pennsylvania and
his friend, Mr. Stephens, of Georgia. Possi-
bly there may be no difference. Stephens
insists that if a man be loyal to-day there shall
be no inquiry into his previous character.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know by what authority the gentleman classifies
rue with Mr. Stephens.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will not make any
classification disagreeable to the gentleman.
I wish to ask whether he means by the word
'' loyal'' a man who declares himself to be loyal
now, or does he propose to ascertain whether
the man has heretofore been loyal?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I mean
to say, on the question of representation, that
when a man comes from a State, competent
to be qualified as you and 1 have qualified, we
should admit him.
Mr. BOUTWELL. That is a proposition,
and not an answer to the question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman has urged the great consistency of the
Democratic party. If he will allow me, I will
send to the Clerk's desk, to be read, a portion
of the Chicago platform. I would like to show
the inconsistencies of his own party.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no time for the
inconsistencies of any party. When I have
proved the consistency of the gentleman's own
parly I think he ought to be satisfied. They
have been consistent in wrong-doing so far as
the interests of the country are concerned, and
upon the point 1 make an observation which I
desire to have considered in connection with
the distinction with which I preface it.
I do not say that every man who supports
the propositions which I have stated here to-
day gave aid and comfort to the rebellion and
participated in treason, but the converse of
this proposition is true, and the country ought
to notice the fact. The instincts of men are
higher than the reason of men, for through the
instincts God teaches without the intervention
of fallible logic and theories of reason. The
instincts of men are right on all these matters.
The affirmative proposition that I lay down is,
that as far as there is any testimony before the
country, every traitor of the South and every
sympathizer with treason in the North sustains
the policy of the Democratic party and the
•Mpsident. That is an alarming faet. ;
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman dropped j
his voice ana we have not been able to hear J
the last words which lie uttered. i
Mr. BOUTWELL. If I have said some-
thing that the gentleman from New York did I
not hear I commend him to the Globe of to- I
morrow morning, lorl do notpropose to make j
any change in what I said. I
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman's argu- I
ment was evidently confined to his own party j
as we did not hear it here. i
Mr. BOUTWELL. Now, then, we traverse j
these propositions, and if there be any gentle- j
May 9,
man upon this floor not identified with the
Democratic party who still sustains what he
understands to lie the executive policy, I will
offer him five minutes of the brief time remain -
ing to me to show to the House and country
where the policy of the President differs from
the ancient and consistent policy of the Dem-
ocratic party.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
show the gentleman.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman is not
called upon.
With all kindness I desire to ask my friend
who represents the sixth district of the city of
New York [Mr. Raymond] whether he does
not see that these propositions, which are sus-
tained by the President and the Democrats
throughout the country, if carried into effect
portend the destruction of the Government.
First, chiefly we traverse the Democratic
propositions by a resolution now before this
House in this particular. We admit equality
of representation based upon the exercise of
the elective franchise by the people. The prop-
osition in the matter of suffrage falls short of
what I desire, but so far as it goes it tends to
the equalization of the inequality at present
existing; and while I demand and shall con-
tinue to demandthcfranchise for all loyal male
citizens of this country—and I cannot but admit
the possibility that ultimately those eleven
States maybe restored to representative power
without the right of franchise being conferred
npon the colored people—I should feel my-
self doubly humiliated and disgraced, and crim-
inal even, if I hesitated to do what I can for a
proposition which equalizes representation.
. pan any party or any man defend the propo-
sition now before the country to allow the States
lately in rebellion to come in with their power
undiminished, so thattwo rebel soldiers, whose
hands are dripping with the blood of our fellow-
men, whose opinions as to the right of this
Government to exist are unchanged, shall exer-
cise the political power of three loyal Union
soldiers? Yet the gentlemen who support this
pioposition ask the country to accept these
stages here with their representation undimin-
ished. And those echoing the language of Alex-
ander Stephens are unwilling that the Consti-
tution shall be amended in this particular until
the_ return of the eleven States, thereby ren-
dering it absolutely impossible that there shall
be any adjustment of these difficulties after the
return of those States.
I can do no less than say that I believe that
the man of whatsoever party or State who
adopts this proposition or uses his influence
for its support by the people, is recreant to the
cause of justice, of liberty, and of humanity
on! ,iS continent. And yet, to that doctrine,
so hill of injustice, and so flagrant in principle,
the Democratic party is committed. And in
this hour of the nation's peril it is our sad mis-
fortune that we are compelled to admit that he
wno has received the suffrage of a generous
people for the second office in the gift of the
country accepts that as his doctrine.
The justification of all this is "once a State
always a State; that, there is no power in the
General Government to resist this policy : and
that we who say that nothing shall be done in
the way of restoration to political power to those
States until this inequality is adjusted, are our-
selves disturbers of the public peace and advo-
cates of disunion.
\V ell, sir, I am for a Union, and forthatUnion
only m which there is substantial justice among
the ftien and between the States composing
it. I accept one fact, and no gentleman can
escape the force of that fact, and that is, that
these eleven States are not to-day represented
in the Congress of this country, and with my >
consent they never shall be until this inequality
is adjusted, or its adjustment provided for. |
1 mt ib the fact. How it has come to pass '
that Ihey are not represented is not material
to the business we have in hand. I accept the
statement made by Mr. Lincoln in his last
public address, that these States are out of
their proper practical relations to the Union,
and I assert as a necessary and natural conse-
quence that they cannot get into their proper
relation except by our consent who represent
the loyal States of this country. This is the
material fact, and it is wholly unnecessary at
the present time to inquire into the truth or
falsity of the various theories which have been
presented on the subject.
Some objection has been made by gentlemen
on this side of the House, as well as the other,
to the third section of the article reported by
the committee. I freely confess that the adop-
tion of the third section is not necessary to the
subject-matter which we have in hand. My
own views of reconstruction lead me in the
opposite direction. I should prefer to include
those who are our friends rather than exclude
even those who are our enemies. But inas-
much as gentlemen on this floor are not pre-
pared, as they say, to include those in the gov-
erning force of the country who have sustained
the country, 1 see no safety in the present
except in some sort of exclusion of those who
are its enemies. We are to consider what sort
of enemies these men are. We have defeated
them in arms, but in the proposition of the
Democratic party, we invite them to the only
field in which they have any chance of success
in the contest in which they have been engaged.
They have been beaten, and what do you
ask, and what do you offer? You ask them
to come into the councils of the nation where
they have a chance of success, and where the
only chance of success remains. Who are
these men ? They are the men who to-day
are radically, honestly, persistently, and reli'
giously opposed to this Government if this
Government exorcises its functions. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Elbridge] may
not have heard of what Mr. Stephens told the
committee ; and who is Mr. Stephens ? Mr.
Stephens was believed to be the most con-
servative, most Union-loving man in the whole
southern country; and if the opinions to
which I shall refer be his opinions, with how
much stronger reason may we suppose that
they are the opinions of those to whom for-
merly he himself was somewhat opposed.
What does he tell us? He tells us that in
1861 he protested against the action of the
secessionists, not bcoause he believed that
they had not a constitutional basis upon which
to stand, but because he thought secession
bad policy, and he says that to-day his opin-
ions are unchanged; that is to say, Mr. Ste-
phens believes that this Government has no
right to exist if the insignificant State of Flor-
ida, for instance, thinks it ought not to exist;
and what Mr. Stephens believes, according to
his own testimony, is believed by the great
majority of the people whom he represents in
Georgia, and in various portions of the South,
and whose views he understands. These are
the men that you are invited to receive into
the Government of the country, men who deny
the right of this Government to exist.
It is said by gentlemen on the other side of
the House that when they present a Repre-
sentative here he must be a loyal man. I need
not say to gentlemen acquainted with the
technicalities of the law, that a loyal man.
for all purposes of representation, is a man
whose disloyalty cannot be proved. When we
open the doors of the Senate and of this House
to representatives from that section of the
country, they will only have to present men
who cannot be convicted of having participated
actively and willingly in the work of treason;
but they .may send men here who represent
treasonable and disunion opinions, and we shall
have no power to protect ourselves against
them. When ever was a more insidious idea
presented to the people of this country than
that there is any security in demanding merely
loyal _ representatives ? We are 'false to our
duty if wo do not go further and require that in
each of these States, before they are allowed
representation, the masses of the people shall
be loyal, for the representative will reflect the
views of the people. You cannot gather figs
from thorns, or grapes from thistles. You
