1866.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6?
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Rousseau.
Ho. of Reps.
people, a monument was erected, and on it was
written the words of the law, " to be a memo-
rial unto the children of Israel forever and ever.''
Let us learn wisdom from this illustrious ex-
ample. \Ve have passed the Red sea of slaugh-
ter ; our garments are yet wet with its crimson
spray. We have crossed the fearful wilderness
of war, and have, left our four hundred thou-
sand heroes to sleep beside the dead enemies
of the Republic. We have heard the voice of
God amid the thunders of battle commanding
ns to wash our hands of iniquity, to "pro-
claim liberty throughout all the land unto all
the inhabitants thereof.'' • When we spurned
His counsels we were defeated, and the gulfs of
ruin yawned before us. When we obeyed His
voice, He gave us victory. And now at last, we
have reached the confines of the wilderness.
Before us is the land of promise, the land of
hope, the land of peace, filled with possibilities
of greatness and glory too vast for the grasp
of the imagination. Are we worthy to enter
it ? On what condition may it be ours to enjoy
and transmit to our children's children? Let
us pause and make deliberate and solemn prep-'
aration. Let us, as Representatives of the peo-
ple, whose servants we are, bear in ad\ance
the sacred ark of republican liberty, with its
tables of the law inscribed with the '' irreversi-
ble guarantees" of liberty. Let us here build
a monument on which shall be written not only
the curses of the law against treason, disloy-
alty, and oppression, but also an everlasting
covenant of peace and blessing with loyalty,
liberty, and obedience ; and all the people will
say, Amen.
Freedmen's Bureau.
SPEECH OF HON. L. H. ROUSSEAU,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 3, 1806.
The House having under consideration the bill (S.
No. 60) to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau—
Mr. ROUSSEAU said:
Mr. Speaker: Although I have had no reason
to questionthe veracity of the gentleman either
then or now, yet I think he will hereafter have
reason to doubt the accuracy of his memory.
But he got about as near the truth as people
generally do concerning such matters, having
exaggerated the fact only fourfold. _
Now, sir, I do not propose to justify here any
of the wrongs alleged by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] to have been com-
mitted in the State of Alabama. I do not seek
to justify wrong of any sort. I know nothing
about the instances of injustice cited by the gen-
tleman. All that I will say is, that the data was
exceedingly meager for any argument attempted
to be founded upon it. I propose here to dis-
cuss the principles of this freedmen's bill. _ I
am opposed to it; not in any partisan spirit
nor from any prejudices, but because of the
oppressions that such a law must lead to, and
the injury that it must inevitably bring to the
colored race.
This bill emanates from a party with which I
have acted for the last four years. I am not a
Republican: I was a Whig and am aUnionman,
and belong to the Union party, and I am sorry to
say that the Union party and the Republican
party are not always convertible terms, in my
judgment. My reasons for this statement may
appear as I proceed. I have acted with the Re-
publican party in its measures to suppress the
rebellion. I have given it a hearty support for
the last four years. I have sustained it blindly,
asking no questions, because I believed the
Government of the United States was in the
hands of that party, to -be saved or lost. I was
told at the outset of these difficulties that, repre-
senting the loyalty of the nation, that party un-
dertook to suppress the rebellion, to restore the
authority of the United States, and reestablish
the original status of States in all the dignity a<jd
rights which they had before the rebellion. It
was said not only to southern men, but all over
the United States, that they owed a paramount
allegiance to the United States Government,
and that no man could be released from such
allegiance to the Federal Government. I sub-
scribed to that doctrine. It is the doctrine of
that man in whose principles I have believed,
whose talents and eloquence we all admired.
It was the doctrine of Henry Clay, of Kentucky,
and not for one moment since our troubles be-
gan have I thought of doubting it, much less of
abandoning it.
I believed, sir, that the Republican party in
the outset of this war would save the Govern-
ment. I had no doubt about it. I had no doubt
that any party that represented the United
States would save the Government. The rebel-
lion is now suppressed. We have peace. I
care not what gentlemen may say; but, sir,
there is not in the whole United States of Amer-
ica one single armed rebel to-day. How, then,
can gentlemen talk about existing war? The
existing state of things in the country affords no
excuse for the passage of a bill of this descrip-
tion, outrageous in all its features. It proposes
to confer powers such as never were hoard of as
having been conferred by the Congress of the
United States, either upon judicial officers or
upon regularly-established courts: and here
these powers are proposed to be conferred upon
more irresponsible agents, military subalterns,
lieutenants, captains, and majors of the Army,
[A Voice. "And politicians,"] and, as sug-
gested, politicians. May the Lord save us from
them! I mean no disrespect to the politicians
upon this floor, [laughter,] but of all military
men, relieve me and the Army from the "mil-
itary" man who wants to fill some petty office,
for he only eats up rations that better and more
serviceable men should have. [Laughter.]
I say, sir, that this bill is oppressive in all its
features', and I wish to say to the House in
justice to my own position, that I am for any
and all measures, 1 do not care what they are,
that are just and necessary to take care of these
unfortunate people. There is not one of them,
the poorest and meanest and humblest in the
United States, in defense of whose rights, if I
saw them assailed, I would not stake my life,
and the poorer and humbler the quicker would
I do it. 1 would protect that people in every
proper way, but we donotneed to protect them
at the expense of the rights of other people. I
draw no distinction between blacks and whites
so far as the rights of person and property are
concerned. We have distinctions that we can-
not to-day get rid of, and w<; have others still
that we do not want to abolish. But this bill
sweeps all such distinctions pretty much away.
I undertake to say that if the enforcement of
this bill is placed in the hands of prejudiced
men who go South with their minds made up
upon this subject, made up in the way that the
gentlemen from Pennsylvania [Messrs. Ste-
vens and Kelley] would have them, insults
and outrages that no community on earth could
bear will be of daily and hourly occurrence.
You do not' know, Mr. Speaker, gentlemen
here do not know, what the loyal element in the
South has to bear in matters of this sort. The
Union cause in Kentucky has gone down; and
why has it gone down ? V\ hy, from these abuses
and oppressions which loyal men cannot defend
and which the community cannot bear. I tell
you, sir, that gentlemen in this House ought to
look to these things and havc_ at least a little
respect and a little kindly feeling for men who
have stood true to the Government in its trials.
Take care of the negroes, in God's name, and I
will help you, but do not place these extraor-
dinary powers in the hands of a body of men
who will oppress, insult, and outrage our peo-
ple. What are those powers? I ask the Cleric
to read the seventh and eighth sections of the
bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 7. And beit further enacted, That whenever in
any State or district in which ttie ordinary comae of
judicial proceedings has been interrupted by the re-
bellion, and wherein, in consequence of any State or
local law, ordinance, police,orother regulation, cus- 0
torn, or prejudice, any of the civil rights or immuni-
ties belonging to white persons, including therightto
makeand enforce contracts, to-sue, be parties, and give
evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and
convey real and persona! property, and to have full
and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for the
security of person and estate, are refused ordemed to
negroes, mulattoes, freedmen, refugees, or any other
persons, on accountof race, color, or any previous con-
dition of slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for crime whereof the party shall have
been dulyeonvicted, or wherein they or any oftliem are
subjected to any other or different punishment, pains,
or penalties, for the commission of any act or offense,
than a re prescribed forwlntepersons oommittinglike
acts or offenses, it shall be the duty of the President
of the United States, through the Commissioner, to
extend military protection and jurisdiction over all
eases affecting such persons so discriminated against.
Skc. 8. Ami be ilfurther enacted, That anyperson
who, under color of any Statcorlocal law, ordinance,
police, or other regulation, or custom, shall, in any
State or district in which the ordinary course of judi-
cial proceedings has been interrupted by the rebel-
lion, subject or cause to bo subjected any negro, mu-
latto, freednian, refugee, or other person, on account
of race or color, or any previous condition of slavery
01 involuntary servitude, except as a punish men t for
crime whereof the party shall have been dulyeon-
victed, or for any other cause, to the deprivation of
any civil right secured to white persons, or to any
other or different punishment than white persons are
subject to for the commission oflike acts or offenses,
shall be deemed gulty of a misdemeanor, and be pun-
ished by a fine not exceeding $1,000, or imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both: and it shall bo the
duty of the officers and agents of this bureau to take
jurisdiction of and hear and determine all offences
commuted against the provisions of this section, and
also of nil eases affecting negroes, mulattoes, freed-
men, refugees, or other persons who arc discriminated
against in any of the particulars mentioned in the
preceding section of this act. under such rules and
regulations as the President of the United States,
through the War Department, shall prescribe.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Now, Mr. Speaker, these
are very extraordinary powers for the Congiess
of the United States to confer. They are powers
which the Constitution of the United States for-
bids in the provisions in regard to the judicial
power, to trial by jury and the security to person
and property from unreasonable search, sndin
various other provisions. But granting that Con-
gress could confer these powers upon courts,
which certainly it cannot do, I ask the members
of the House, in view of their oaths to support
the Constitution, if they can possibly confer these
powers on the mere agents of the Freedmen's
Bureau; lieutenants, if you please, and cap-
tains in the Army, or citizens, not of the proper
locality, but gatherers of crumbs falling from
the tables of politicians all over the country?
I need not go into an argument to show how
far this bill is unconstitutional. The whole
bill, root and branch, is without warrant and
against the organic law. At one blow it sweeps
away the constitution and laws of Kentucky,
courts, juries, justices of the peace, sheriffs, and
everybody who denies to the negro the civil
rights laid down in this bill; all these are liable
to lie arrested by the agents of this bureau and
fined and imprisoned, not exceeding a fine of
$1,000 and imprisonment for one year. Our
ministers of tlic.gospel who refuse to solemnize
marriages between whites and blacks, that they
are sworn not to solemnize, may be arrested and
taken before the agents of this bureau. Our
justices of the peace, who will notallow negroes
to testify in their courts, may be treated in the
same way. A judge of any court while trying
a cause may be taken from the bench and im-
prisoned for one year by the agents, the suual-
terns of the Freedmen's Bureau, and mieu
$1,000. ,
Now. sir, I ask gentlemen here if they can
vote for a bill of this sort? Can we not secure
all the rights of the negroes without thus out-
raging the feelings of the people of the south-
ern States, and also of the people of the north-
ern States, in consequence of the condition ot
things which this bill would create. i think we
are bad off if we cannot. Sir, this class legis-
lation will prove injurious to the race it pro-
fesses to shield and protect. You raise a spirit
