1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1549
imposed upon them by the constant breaking; of
lines.
Mr. O'NEILL. The bill designs to do just
what I imagined, and I think it had better be
postponed or voted down. I did not suppose
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee would
advocate its passage whea ils design is con-
fessed to be to allow railroads in States separated
by broad rivers or otherwise to make connec-
• tions without the consent of the Legislatures
of the respective States. Years ago the Penn-
sylvania railroad had fight alter fight before it
could cross the Panhandle in Virginia, and
awaited the action of the Virginia Legislature,
and I hold that the States should still have the
power to grant such franchises.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. _ And now Penn-
sylvania does not want to allow connections
with oilier loads across her territory.
Mr. O'NEILL. I suppose the citizens of
Pennsylvania do not want their vested interests
destroyed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That was the ob-
jection the State of Virginia raised to crossing
the Panhandle.
Mr. (rA UKiELT). With the consent of the
gentleman from Iowa, 1 will move to amend
by inserting in the ninth line, after the word
"therefor.'' die following:
To eormfct the road* of other States ?o as to form
continuous lines jor the transportation of the same
to the place of destination.
By this provision chartered roads arc ena-
bled to build up to the Stale line, and no law
of any State can forbid their making connec-
tions with other chartered roads of adjoining
States that also come up to the Slate line.
There are several instances in which laws have
been got through Legislatures by which roads
duly chartered and almost completed in a State
have been compelled to run their engines up to
the State line, tumble out all the freight, load
it upon other cars, and carry it. on. What.   e
mean by (his amendment is, that conneciious
may be made across the line of a Slate, and 1
believe the amendment will accomplish that,
and that only.
Mr. FAiINS W01 tTlL Does the gentleman
mean to compel a railroad to go on with the
same ears?
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 do not propose to com-
pel them at all. Now, they are not permitted
to do so, and the amendment provides that
State laws shad not slop them.
Mr. THAYER. Wili the gentleman allow
me to make a snmrestion ?
Mr. GARFIELD, F have the floor only by
the courtesy of the gentleman from Iowa.
.Mr. WILSON', of Iowa. I desire to relieve
myself, my committee, and all the other com-
mittees of the House, by getting this bill out
of the way in some manner, so that other com-
mittees may have an opportunity to report.
And I propose to do thai by demandine- the
pi evious'question on this bill and amendment.
11'the House shall not sustain that motion I
shall be relieved of all responsibility, and the
rcr-pon.-ibilily will rest upon the llou^e.
Mr. TIIAVEK. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single suggestion?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the previous
question is seconded, 1 will then give the gen-
tleman an opportunity.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
57, noes So, and the main question ordered.
Mr. WILSON', of Iowa. I now vield the
floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
TlIAVElt.]
Mr. THAYER. I do not design to make a
speech on this bill. 1 only wish to sav that if
the object of the amendment moved by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. n] is what
he alleged it to be. to wit. to give these roads
the right to make connection where they come
close to each other upon adjoining State lines,
the amendment, in mv judgment, is very un-
skillfiilly worded to produce that result.
By the language of the amendment, as I
understaudit. these roads may connect wdieiher
they come within a quarter of a mile of each
other or whether they come within a hundred
miles of each other. I do not sec in the lan-
guage of the amendment any terms calculated
to restrict the liberty of connection which is pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio in his re-
marks, and such, in my judgment, is not the
legal effect of the amendment.
Now, we all know with what jealousy these
corporate franchises which have been created
by the States have been reserved and fostered
by the States, and I am opposed to any legis-
lation which will step outside of a fair con-
struction of the constitutional power under
which it is proposed to pass this law. I am not
in favor of taking under the protection of Con-
gress the whole railway system of the United
States. And wdiile I do not say now whether
1 shall or shall not vote for the bill as it comes
from the committee, 1 do say most emphatic-
ally rhat 1 shall not vote for the amendment,
of the gentleman from Ohio, and that in my
opinion, il that amendment is adopted, it will
transcend the powers of Congress in this respect.
-Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. ' 1 now yield to (in;
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Roomtfs] for
five minutes.
Mr. KOGEKS. Mr. Speaker, I suppose it
is well known to the members on both sides
of ihi^ House thai the original bill brought,
into this House with regard to these railroad
facilities was in-tended to apply only to the
Stale of Kcw Jersey. The purpose of the
original bill was to incorporate two railroads
in the State of Now Jersey that were incor-
porated to do local business, and for certain
specified purposes, to override their charters
and connect their roads so as to do business
between Philadelphia and Xew York. An-
other road had been incorporated as far back
as KSoO by the State of New Jersey, and by
their act of incorporation a certain privilege
was given to that road, to wit, that there
should be no competition between those two
cities until The charter of that road
depended, so far as the payment of taxes was
concerned, on us being continued in good faith,
with the privileges grunted to it, until 1809,
when the charter will expire, or the special
privileges granted to the company and not ex-
tended to other companies in the State will
have expired.
Xow. if the ILuise will lot this matter rest
until the rime arrives "when these two compa-
nies can connect according to law and do a
through business, the special privileges granted
by Xew Jei>ev as an inducement U\have that
ureet railroad communication opened between
Philadelphia, and Xcw York at a time when
private capitalists would not invest money in
it will be carried out to the letter, and nobodj
will be injured.
The State of Xow Jersey receives a tax of
^20iU)0u a year from that company; and if this
bill is passed authorizing other roads to run in
competition "with that road it will deprive the
State of o\er two hundred thousand dollars
taxes v,hi( h the cm poi ;di< m is bound to pay to
the State only on the condition that that ex-
clusive privilege .--hall not be violated cither by
the General Go\ornmCiil or the State Legisla-
ture until ISO'.).
In order to obviate the objection that this is
mere local legi '-lotion for the purpose of inflict-
ing injustice upon tbeState of Xcw Jersey, this
general bill has been got up; but it can have
no application to any other State in the TTnion
but New Jersey. there is no other State in
the I'nion where railroads are attempting to
connect them.-elvcs together in violation of
their charters and of ihc decisions of the courts
of the State.-, that chartered them. Two small
Corporations in Xew Jersey, the Ilaritan and
Delaware J>ay and the Camden and Atlantic ji
Kailroad Companies, art} asking this legislation i|
here in the term of a general law simply to i i
authorize them to do in the State of Xcw Jersey \[
what they have no power to do under the au- ||
thoritv which created them. ji
If this measure is to be carried into effect ij
here, Congress will enter the domain of the j;
State of Xew Jersey, and authorize corpora- |;
tions there to exGrcise functions which were 11
not granted to them by the power which cre-
ated them; and therefore, as a citizen of that
State, feeling a deep interest in the welfare of
the State and of its citizens, without regard to
! party, I stand here to protest against any legis-
| lation which enters the jurisdiction of my State,
i and controls the power of the State in regard to
its railrojtd facilities and communications.
Sir, this measure proposes to violate the
plighted faith of the State, and to interfere with
a contract entered into by the State at a time
when there was not one single railroad com-
munication with the city of Xew York from
my State. The people invested their money
in the railroad lino from Philadelphia to Xew
York at a time when it was .supposed that the
money would be sunk ; that the stock would
not be worth ten cents on the dollar. And
now, when times have improved, and the com-
pany has made a few dollars, it is not right to
undertake to interfere with them, inasmuch as
the time will soon come when these privileges
under their charter will expire,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The questions ar-
gued by the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
lloui'ns"] were pronounced upon by the House
when it parsed this bill; and I do not propose
now to discuss them further. I now call for a
vote upon the amendments.
The first question was upon the amendment
reported by the (■ommitt.ee on the Judiciary;
and being taken, the amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Garfield.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the atiirmative—yeas 70, nays 02, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS— Mes-as. Allison, Anuv, Anderson, ftclos R.
Ashley, "Baker, Darker, i3axter, Beaman, Bidweli,
Buurhum, Blew, Hunt well, Bromwcli. Buckland,
Header \V\ C'laike. Delano, Dumont, Es<?leston, Eliot,
Faruuhar. Gariield, Cimnell, JJulc, Aimer C. Hard-
in*, fhut, Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Asahel W.
Hubbard. James 11. llubbdl, James Humphrey. In-
froisoll, Jcnckos. Kasson, Keik>y, Kelso, lvuykendail,
Laflin,<>oorj?e V. Lawienee.Wi 11 lam Lawrence. Loon,
Lynch, MeCiurir, MelCoc, Moorhoad, Morrill. Morris,
Moulton. Plants. Priee, Sawyer, Seofield, Shellabar-
jrer, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Stdwell, Tiow-
bi ldtje, Van Aoniam, Bait Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn. Waid, Warner, Klihu B. Wa- hl>urne,
Welkei, Wentwovth, William's, James Jb\ Wilson, and
Windom—7->.
XAYS—Mofsi-s. Alley, Ancona, Baldwin, Banks,
Bergen, Blame, Boyer, Brooks, Coilrotli, Conkling,
Cook, Dawes, Daw^-on, Demson, Eklndjre, Faros-
worlh. (Hof-^nevmer, Goodyear, (Irider, Grisvrold,
Aaron [lardimr, llooper, Chester }). Hubbard, John
J1. H nbbard. Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Julian, Kerr,
Le Blond. Marshall, Marvin, MeCullough, MeRuer,
Mereur. Miller, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, Noell,
O'-Neiil, Ortli, Paine, Ptrham, Phelps, Pike, Samuel
J. Randall, Raymond, John II. Rice, Hitter, Ko^ors,
Rollins, Ru-d, SiU-rrenve^, Stvou^c, Tabcr. Taylor,
Thavor, Thornton. Trimble, William B. Washburn,
WhaPy, ;md Wmfiold—(L\
NOT VOTFNll-—Messrs. .fames SI. At-hley, Benja-
min, Brandesc", Bioomfdl, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney
Claike. Cobb, Cutlom, Culver, Dailiny, Davis, De-
ireea, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Brings, Eekley,
Fciry, Finch, IJarri-*, linear), Holmes, Hotuhkiss,
Denial Huhbaid, Hulburd, James M. Humphrey,
Johnson, Kete.ham, Latham, Lougycar, Marston,
MeTndoe, Niblaek, Patterson, I^omero}, Radford,
William 11. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rouleau,
Srhenek, Shanklin, Starr, Francis Thomas, JohnL.
Thomns, Henry J).r Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson,
Woodbiid&e, and Wright-—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it wre accordingly read the third time.
The question wasupon the passage of the bill.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. F ask the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
Tho previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROGERS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 69, nays JG, not voting
08; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Bank4-, Barker, Bfxler,
Beaman, Bidwcll, Bingham, Blow, Boutwull, Brom-
wcli, Backhand, Reader W. Clarke, Conkhng, Cook,
Cuilom, Delano, Duinont, E?^K-ston, Eliot, Farns-
vrorth, Garfield, Grinnell, Hale, Abner 0, Hauling,
