1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3469
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kei-ley] in front of the
Cliair is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I did not know that
that was my position. I had no idea that I
was occupying: the time of my colleague.
Mr. KELLEY. I thank my colleague for
his courtesy. I thought lie had brought his
explanation to a good point where I might re-
sume the floor, and I would as lief make my
own speech as have the gentleman make it
Mr. MOORHEAD. My colleague knows
that I am not much in the habit of speaking,
and 1 do not like interruptions. I thought he
wished to draw me from the line of my remarks.
Mr. KELLEY. I will promise not to inter-
* rupt the gentleman when he gets the floor, but
I must interrupt him now as the floor is mine.
Unless it be the understanding that the inter-
ruptions shall not come out of my time, I must
decline to.yield further.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object to further inter-
ruption.
Mr KELLEY. If the objection be with-
drawn and the House agree that it shall not
come out of my time, I will gladly yield to my
colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. ICelt.ey] is entitled to the
floor, and he will proceed.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not avail myself of
the privilege of the floor for the purpose of
replying to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, nor of assailing the bill he
lias submitted. 1 agree, I think, with every
principle enunciated by him. I find in this bill
much to approve and admire. Pressed as the
committee has been by the preparation of the
tax bill and its grave general duties, and limited
as the time has been which it has had to con-
sider this complex subject, I wonder that it has
presented a bill so genera! in its scope and just
in its provisions. There are, however, a few
things in it which I feel called upon to bring to
the attention of the House. While I find much
to appreciate in the bill I find also inevitable
eridences of haste and want of due considera-
tion, and I avail myself of this early opportu-
nity to point tliein out, in the belief that the
committee will correct them of its own mo-
tion. The chairman of the committee alluded
to Pennsylvania when explaining'the action of
the committee on the question of coal, and I
therefore beg the attention of the House first
to that subject, and will be gratified if I can
have the ear of the chairman of the committee
for a moment or two.
One of the palpable evidences of haste and
want of consideration that appear in the bill
is that it proposes a protection of §1 50 per
ton on anthracite coal. Now, I do not want
the Legislature of this country to proclaim not
only to the savans of the world, but. to people
of but partial information, that wo do not know
that we have in this country all the anthracite
coal in the world. I do not want it to go to
the world that we are giving legislative protec-
tion to anthracite coal when scientific men and
half-informed men the world overkuowlhatout-
side of four hundred and seventy square miles
of our territory within the limits of Pennsyl-
vania no anthracite coal has ev-r been found.
Now, if there is no anthracite coal in the world
but our own. why do the Committee of V\ :iyy
and Means propose to protect it by a duty of
SI 50 per ton ? It is clearly an oversight which
the committee will correct. It is intimated by
my friend on my right that there is anthracite
coal in \Vales, f say no ; there is what is called j
Welsh anthracite coal. It contains too much
hydrogen or volatile matter for anthracite. Nor ;
is it purely bituminous. It is a bastard coal, j
and while it makes all the dust of anthracite, j
it produces all the smoke of bituminous. It j
is, therefore, incapable of use for any of the j
purposes to which pure anthracite coal only
can be applied.
I think it desirable that the word anthracite
so inconsiderately inserted should be stricken
out of the bill, the anthracite, which needs no
protection, and which, were it constitutional,
would bear an export duty, is the coal interest
of Pennsylvania. It prefers no claim to pro-
tection, and I speak not for it but for those
who are voiceless in this House, the deluded
and poverty-stricken people of the insurrec-
tionary districts which it should be known
is the preeminent bituminous coal district of
our country. Maryland has hcr own eloquent
champions here. Kentucky is not without po-
tent voices ; Missouri also has her champions
in her able and faithful Representatives; and
Tennessee, although her Representatives are
not permitted to participate in our.debates,
has them upon the floor, mingling freely with
members and able to tell them of the rich treas-
ures of bituminous coal in her hills, and how
their products are excluded from their legiti-
mate market on the Gulf coast by the British
coal and that of the Provinces carried thither
as ballast without charge of freight in vessels
ariiving for cargoes of cottou. My own State
having no special interest in this question, I
argue it on behalf of the people of the wide
and rich bituminous fields of the South, and
especially of those of Virginia and North Car-
olina. But, Mr. Chairman, let me remark that
it is not a question of the cost of coal to the
manufacturers of New England. It does not
touch the cost of their coal, as I will demon-
strate.
Under the reciprocity treaty the coal of Nova
Scotia came into our ports duty free. Since the
abrogation of that treaty $ 1 25 of duty has been
collected upon every ton of coal that has arrived
from Sydney or Pietou. Where did that duty
fall? ■ At the door of the Now England manu-
factory, or at the entrance of the foreign mine?
It did not fall at the door of the factory ; noth-
ing is more certain than that. No New England
manufacturer has paid more for his coal since
that duty of $1 25 was put on than he paid
before. The owners of Nova Scotia coal mines
have paid into our Tieasuiy the tens of thou-
sands of dollars we have collected as duties.
I challenge any New England man to refute
that assertion. Coal paying a duty of if!l 25
a ton is delivered in Portland, in Boston, in
Providence, and iu New York at precisely the
price at which it was delivered when it came in
duty free. We have, t repeat, made the owners
of coal mines in the British Provinces pay into
the Treasury of the United States $t 25 for
every ton of their coal that we have consumed.
Now, sir, let me tell you how it happens that
our amiable and loving neighbors could add
$1 25 to the cost of their coal per ton, and
still sell it at, the same pricc as before. Sir,
these American gentlemen, who the chairman
of the committee tells us went to Nova Scotia
and invested their capital in coal mines, did
not go there blindfolded ; and they will not be
ruined it' their dividends be reduced fifty per
cent, by the competition of Virginia and North
Carolina coal in the markets of New England.
Let us consider that question calmly. What
have their dividends been? Never below fitly
per cent, per annum, and they have not unfre-
quently lismx to one hundred and seventy-live
per cent, per annum. Their profits have long
since reimbursed their original outlay; and
all they had to do when the falsely called re-
ciprocity treaty was abrogated was to conclude
to put up with from forty to one hundred and
sixty per cent, per annum and pay the duty on
the coal delivered in the United States.
Sir, it is my wish to stimulate and promote
the manufacturing power of our country. 1
wish our country to achieve commercial inde-
pendence, and to accomplish this we must give
New England cheap coal. To do this we must
establish rivals to the provincial coal-fields. We
will cheapen New England's supply of coal by
dealing fairly and honestly by the unrepresented
people of the South, and by stimulating the de-
velopment of the rich fields on the Dan, the
Haw, and the Deep rivers, North Carolina,
and the James river, Virginia. My colleagae
from the Pittsburg district [Mr. Mookhils.ii]
said it would be a hardship on New England
manufacturers to make them go a^ thousand
miles to his district for their coal. Sir, accept-
ing a point midway of the coast of New Eng-
land as the point of departure, they need not
to obtain, better American coal add a mile to
the distance their coal is carried. It can be
taken by water transportation from Richmond
by a route as short as it is taken from Nova
Scotia to the ports of Connecticut .and Massa-
chusetts.
The suggestion is fallacious; and unless gen-
tlemen want to legislate against Virginia and
North Carolina and in favor of Nova Scotia,
they will strike from this bill that extraordinary
clause which assumes an imaginary line in the
middle of the ocean, the thirty-second meridian
east; and provides, not like all previous Ameri-
can legislation, that goods coming from the.
greater distance, say east of the Cape of Good
Hope, shall pay but half the duties imposed on
goods coming from nearer ports, but in viola-
tion of all precedent, and of all principle, pro-
vides that the coal which crosses the ocean shall
pay $1 50 per ton, while that which comes
from just beyond our borders, and within that,
imaginary line, and upon which the cost of
transportation is little more than nominal, shall
come in at one third of that duty, or fifty cents
per ton.
The question before ns is not bet.ween the
Government and manufacturer, but between
the interest of a few American gentlemen who
went out of this country and invested their
funds in an enemy's territory, and these war-
trampled States whose people we are, while
unrepentant of a great public crime, justly
holding iu political subjection, but whose ma-
terial interests we ought, to foster and promote
with more than a guardian's, with a brother'si
or a father's care. The true interest of the New
England manufacturer will be found in pro-
moting competition betweecn those patriotic!
Americans who during the war avoided our in-
creasing taxes, and whose foreign investments,
were earning average dividends of about one,
hundred per cent., and the present or future
owners of the rich tide-water coal-fields of Vir-
ginia and North Carolina. Between these par-
ties lies the whole question, and experience
will prove that I am the friend and not, the
foe of the New England manufacturer.
Having said this much on the coal question,
I invite gentlemen to examine the provisions
under consideration, which they will find at
the close of the fifth section, on page 25 of the
bill; and 1 beg leave to say to the members of
the committee that in attempting to protect an
investment of American capita! in a foreign
country they have (alien into error, and that
if I wanted to perpetrate a satire upon gentle-
men who have labored with such industry,
fidelity, and general good judgment, I would
conceal the fact that misled them and say they
proposed to protect anthracite coal, and that
they drew an imaginary line in the middle of
the ocean and proposed that coals coming from
within that line should pay but fifty cents per
ton, and coals coming from beyond that line
and beyond the ocean should pay three times
fiftv cents per ton.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kki.ley] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. KELLEY. With pleasure.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania if he does not know
that for a half a century such lines have been
drawn by American Congresses; if there have
not been differential rates of duties upon goods
imported from the one side or the other ot the
Cape of Good Hope?
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman has not done
me the honor to listen to my remarks, for I
have alluded to that fact. But, sir, I repeat
that all the precedents established by Congress
are that the lighter duties should bo imposed
upon goods eoming_ from the more distant
jioints; and that this bill is in direct conflict
with those precedents, inasmuch as it proposes
to increase the duties in proportion to the
gieater distance the goods have to be trans-
ported. The greater the expense of carrying
the commodity to our country, the heavier are
