1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOM
must wait, if it be necessary to wait, until there
is a loyal controlling public sentiment in each
one of these States. It is nothing to this coun-
try that Tennessee sends Mr. Maynard, a loyal
man, here. We want to know what Tennes-
see is; and the circumstance that Mr. Maynard
is himself a loyal man, if his State is not loyal,
is a reason why he should neither ask to be
received or we submit to his admission, And
it is not sufficient that there be loyal districts
in the State. A State is represented in the
Senate and in the House as a State. There is
no constitutional capacity for representation
except through State, organization. Repre-
sentatives in this House are apportioned by
the Constitution among the several States.
When we find that Tennessee is, as a whole,
loyal to the Government, then we may accept
Representatives from Tennessee, and trust t,o
the people to send loyal men here. But if wo
accept Representatives from Tennessee be-
cause they, individually, are loyal, while Ten-
nessee herself is disloyal, yon will have thrust
ir.to this House and into the Government of
the country disloyal men ; and what does it
portend? Mr. Stephens denies the constitu-
tional efficacy of our amendment abolishing
slavery. Ho says that slavery has been abol-
ished by the Slates. He says that the law tax-
ing the people of this country has no constitu-
tional force, because they are not represented.
Do you not see that his insidious and danger-
ous doctrines, which are responded to by the
whole Democratic party of the country, por-
tend the destruction of the public credit, the
repudiation of the public debt, and the disor-
ganization of society?
We are the conservative, the order-seeking,
the Union-loving, the loyal men of the conn-
try. They who oppose measures for the pacifi-
cation of the country with reference to the
rights of the States aud the rights of men are
the disorganizes, the disloyal and dangerous
men of this Republic.
Sir, it will be found that the Union party
stands unitedly upon two propositions. The
first is equality of representation, about which
there is 110 difference of opinion. The second
is, that there shall bo a loyal people in each
applicant State before any representative from
that State is admitted in Congress. And there
is a third; a vast majority of" the Republican
party, soon to be the controlling and entire
force of that party, demand suffrage for our
friends, for those who have stood by us in our
days of tribulation. And for myself, with the
right of course to change my opinion, I believe
in the constitutional power of the Government
to-day to extend the elective franchise to every
loyal male citizen of the Republic.
If I have any time left 1 will yield it to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boittwell] has two minutes
of his half hour left.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is so short a
time I will not avail myself of it, as it will not
admit of any reply from the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Raymond.]
suffrage is the territories.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill concerning the elective franchise
in the Territories of the United States and the
admission of new States into the Union; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
increase op pensions.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced to bill to increase the pensions of certaiit
disabled officers of the volunteer service; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
leave os absence.
Mr. ORTH asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Farqehar, for
two weeks from last Monday.
reconstruction again.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to give notice that
unless the House shall feel otherwise inclined
I will to-morrow, at three o'clock, call the
previous question, and ask a vote on this joint
resolution. Several of our friends wish to go
away to-morrow evening, and I desire that
tliey shall have" the pleasure of voting for this
measure before they leave the city.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, the report
of the committee has elicited in this House a
most searching criticism. It is approved and
disapproved, either wholly or in part, accord-
ing to the views entertained by the particular
individuals who have obtained the floor.
It does not, in all respects, come up to the
standard which my imperfect judgment had
erected, but I have lived long enough to know
that very few things of a public character can
be accomplished without some abnegation of
one's own notions of propriety, and a respect-
ful deference to the opinions of others.
The joint committee on reconstruction was
made up of able aiid patriotic men. They
have labored assiduously for nearly six months,
and have now given to us the result of their
deliberations in certain proposed amendments
of the Constitution, aud sundry propositions
for legislative enactment.
Regarding it as more important that some
definiteprojet bo presented by Congress to the
people of the United States than that the plan
itself approach very nearly to perfection, and
fearing tho effect of amendments upon the
successful passage of the measures proposed
through Congress, I have brought my mind to
the conclusion that I shall best subserve the
cause of patriotism and the country's good by
voting severally and collectively for the meas-
ures reported by the committee.
We are in the process of legislation to bring
back into the councils of the nation a class of
citizens who during the last fivo years have
avowed tho most inveterate hostility to our
Government and its free institutions, and who
have waged a most cruel war against our peo-
ple upon the battle-field. Does any sane man
believe that the loyal people of the United
States who have submitted to these great sac-
rifices, who have incurred the risk of losing
the benefit of tho free institutions handed down
to them by our fathers, who have, by the bra-
very of their sons, put down this accursed
rebellion upon the battle-field; I say, does any
reflecting man suppose that wo arc so bereft
of our senses as to admit these same men,
"without a why or a wherefore," into the
Halls of Congress to make laws for our gov-
ernment, and the government of our fellow-
citizons at home, who are quite as loyal as
ourselves? Sir, it is idle to saj' that any sane
man expects it. It seems to me that the only
question for our consideration is, whai guaran-
tees may Congress exact from this rebellious
people—a people who not only fought us, but
who declared time and again that they detested
our principles of government, and that they
would sooner unite with the monarchies of
Great Britain and France than live under our
free Government with the race they in derision
termed "the Yankees?"
It lias been said in high places that treason
was the greatest of crimes, and that it should
be made known for the benefit of all coming
generations, and as an example to the civilized
world that traitors would surely be punished.
We have heard it said by those in authority
that the leading traitors should bo tried and
hung, while the infatuated rank and file might
be pardoned. That is very well; but I would
inquire, what leading traitors have been hung?
What leading traitor has been hung? What
leading traitors or what leading traitor will be
hung?
Mr. GRINNELL. Mrs. Surratt.
Mr. SPALDING "Mrs. Surratt!" She
was tried and sentenced and hung as an assas-
sin, and not as a traitor.
Now, sir, we propose to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States in several respects.
As to the first measure proposed, a pei'sdtt
may read it five hundred years hence without
gathering from it any idea that this rebellion
ever existed. The same may be said of the
second proposition, for it only proposes that,
the bondsmen being made free, the apportion-
ment of Representatives in Congress shall lis
basedupon the whole number of persons who
exercise the elective franchise, instead of the
population.
The third section—and this is the one to
which exception is taken by my friends on the
right and left—proposes that no person who
was actively engaged in rebellion against our
Government shall have the right to vote for
members of Congress or for electors of the
President and Yico President of tho United
States until the year 1870. Is this exception-
able? Is it objectionable? If it he so, it is, in
my judgment, for the reason that the duration
of the period of incapacity is not extended
more widely. I take my stand here that it is
necessary to ingraft into that enduring instru-
ment, called the Constitution of the United
States, something which shall admonish this
rebellious people and all who shall come after
them that treason against the Government ia
odious; that it carries with it some penalty,
some disqualification ; and tho only one which
wo seek to attach by this amendment is a dis-
qualification in voting—not for their State and
county and town officers, but for members of
Congress, who are to be tho law-makers, and
for the Executive of tho United States, this
disqualification to operate for the short period
of four years. Now, sir, will any patriotic, any
loyal man object to putting this memorial upon
the Constitution as tliey would put " memento
mori" upon the head of a tombstone?
But, sir, there is another reason why we
should ingraft this provision upon the Consti-
tution. All our congressional legislation may
bo considered as ephemeral. I know that my
friends on the other side of the House always
take courage when wo advance the idea that at
some remote period tliey may gain possession
of the controlling power in these Halls and
carry measures according to the dictates of
their own wisdom and sense of patriotism. Sir,
let the effect fall where it may, and give con-
solation to whom it will, I still declare tijat all
these matters are within tho bounds, not only
of possibility, but of probability, that at some
not very remote period, if wo admit Represent-
atives from the rebel States into this Hall with-
out qualification, tho prospect is that, in con-
junction with their friends who liave so strongly
sympathized with them during the four years
of this recent strife, they will repeal many, if
not all, of the measures which we have adopted
for the welfare and the salvation of the coun-
try. Ilence I insist that something of this sort
should go into tho Constitution, where it shall
require not only the action of the Senate and
the House of Representatives, but the action
of the State Legislatures to erase it. For this
reason, and because it is dangerous at this
moment to receive these men here to make
laws for the loyal people of the country, I go
for the adoption of this third section, which
disqualifies active and known rebels from par-
ticipating in the election of Federal officers.
Mr. Speaker, much is said, much has been
said—too much, sometimes, has been said—
about the difference between Congress and the
Executive of the nation. Sir. I look upon this
subject in a somewhat different light from some
of my friends whose superior wisdom I am
proud to acknowledge. I feel that under our
Government we owe some deference to the sta-
tion of tho President of the United States;
and I foel that, however we may differ in sen-
timent with the incumbent of that high oHice,
we ought, at all times and under all circum-
stances, to treat him respectfully. Hence I
would have preferred, from the first liour of this
Congress to the last, that there should have been
no personal abuse of the incumbent of the
presidential chair. .
I honor my friends for standing up manfully
