70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. of.Eeps.
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Bousseau.
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
of antagonism between |he "black race and the
white race in our country, and the law-abiding
will be powerless to control it. And if you get
this feeling excited up to a certain point, and
the whole of one race shall be thus arrayed
against the other, you may send there all the
armies you can raise, you may send soldiers
into every county and every precinct in the
States, but you will never be able to prevent
violence and bloodshed there. When men be-
come bent on mischief, as the operation of this
bill will be sure to make them, you cannot raise
force enough to prevent it. I do not state this
by way of threat. I speak of it as a fact which
we owe it to ourselves to consider.
This House does not know what has been the
operation of this Freedmen's Bureau. I desire
to accuse no man. I believe the head of the
bureau in my section is a gentleman and a clever
man, and wishes to do right. I maybe allowed
to name the gentleman to whom I allude; I mean
General Fisk. But he is not always present to
look after these things, and I do not know what
he would do if he were present. Men whose
minds are prejudiced on this subject are not to
be trusted. We are not to be trusted; nobody
is to be fully trusted. All of us require to be
watched; and that is what I would have this
bureau to do, to look after the interests of these
people and to take care of them. But in doing
that let us not destroy the liberties of the com-
munities in which this race reside.
Now, I wish to state a fact that came within
my own knowledge for the information of this
House. In iny town, the city of Louisville, the
commercial metiopolis of the Stale, we had a
man placed at the head of the bureau there
who had some queer notions, which men gen-
erally get who have a particular duly to per-
form, a duty involving prejudice, hate, and bit-
terness. He considered every man in the
country who did not believe as he did to be his
enemy, the enemy of the Government, and the
enemy of the negro. What was the result of
his course? Ho would arrest any man, no
matter whom, the most inoffensive and the most
loyal, on the ex parte statement of a negro. And
when the man was brought into his presence,
he would turn to the negro making the state-
ment, and say "Brother," or "Sister," as it
might happen, "what has this man been doing
to you?" And then he would take the testi-
mony of negroes against him, and sitting as a
court, he would punish him by fine and impris-
onment, or by a fine alone, ordering him to be
imprisoned "unlessthe fine was paid." Now,
these are things 1 have from the most reliable
authority.
And I will mention another case. A man
by the name of Blovins in my town came home
one evening and found his wife engaged in some
controversy and collision with a negro woman
who had been her servant—not one who had
belonged to her as her slave. He took part with
his wife, as I think any gentleman ought to
have done, whether his wife were right or wrong.
The negro woman complained to this agent of
the bureau, and a couple of negro soldiers were
sent there to arrest him and his wife. And be-
cause one of his little girls had said something
in the matter an order was also sent for her
arrest. The man came to me, supposing that
I might be able to assist him. I asked the post
commander how it happened such things were
allowed. He said, "ThisFreedmen's Bureau,
it is said, is over us all; what can I do?" I
replied, "If I commanded this post I would
know who it was who ordered the military to
arrest the people without my knowledge, and I
would stop it. While I was commandant I would
do my duty. If the authorities did not like it,
they could send me away." Early the next
morning I went to the commandant's headquar-
ters and there I found Mr. Blevins and his wife
and children seeking protection against the
Freedmen's Bureau, acting on (he complaint
of the negro woman.
Now, sir, I told the agent of that bureau then
just what I thought and felt in reference to this
matter. Isaidtohim, "Ifyouwanttoproteett.he
freedmen of this community I am with you heart
and soul; I will stand by you in all just meas-
ures ; but if you intend to arrest white people
on the ex parte statements of negroes, and hold
them to suit your convenience for trial, and
fine and imprison them, then I say that I op-
pose you; and if you should so arrest and pun-
ish me, I would kill you when you set me at
liberty; and I think that you would do the same
to a man who would treat you in that way, if
you are the man I think you are, and the man
you ought to be to fill your position here."
I tell you, sir, that no community of the Uni-
ted States can endure a system of this sort.
Such have been the operations of this bureau
under the old law. What will be its opera-
tions under this bill Heaven only knows. I
cannot even imagine what a man may not as-
sume the right to do under the provisions of
this bill. If those who are to be appointed
under this act should adopt the latitude of con-
struction adopted by my venerable friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] if they carry
out his notions in reference to the force of the
Constitution and the effect of the rebellion, they
can find a warrant for anything they may wish
to do.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. CIIANLER. My point of order is that
my colleague from NewYoi'k [Mr. Conklixg]
and the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Stevexs] are out of order in
holding a conversation while the gentleman
from Kentucky is addressing the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of
order is well taken. Gentlemen will resume
their seats and not converse in an audible tone.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. It was no disturbance to
me whatever. Are not such things customary
here ?
Mr. GONKLING. Before tlie gentleman
from Kentucky resumes his speech, 1 beg his
permission to make a remark.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. My colleague from some
district—the seventh or the eighth, or some-
where there—has made a remark with the ap-
parent purpose of conveying to the gentleman
from Kentucky the impression that his speech
was not listened to here, or that something was
going on in derogation of that politeness due to
the gentleman. I beg, therefore, to assure him
that it was his speech which was the subject
upon which a single remark was passing between
gentlemen here. I submit to the gentleman
who made this point of order with so much
originality and genius, whether it was worth
while to call the attention of the House to what
was really a perfectly respectful proceeding to
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BOUSSEAU. I am very much obliged
to the gentleman for any portion of his atten-
tion. I do not expect to get the gentleman to
vote with me on this bill, though I wish he
would. I wish thathe, agood, loyal man, would
stand out with me for the right, as I have stood
with him for the last four years. I wish that T
could induce him and other gentlemen who will
vote with him to look at this matter without
prejudice. Remember, sir, that although! am
not, properly speaking, a Republican, I am a
Union man, good and true, as I believe ; and
I think that I am entitled to the gentleman's
attention and his confidence wdicn I state what
I know as.to the operations of this bureau.
Sir, as I remarked before, the judicial and
other officers of Kentucky, if they refuse to
violate their oaths in obedience to the behests
of the agents of this bureau, may be arrested
and punished by them, this bureau acting as an
appellate court on all subjects, while appeals
lie from it nowhere.
If you get on the cars with your wife and
daughter, and if there be a spare seat, and a
drunken negro comes forward to take it, and
yon ask him if he pleases to move a little further
off, and he takes a notion that he will not do it,
and should report to the bureau that because
he was a negro he was not allowed to take that
seat, this Freedmen's Bureau may at oneearrest
you and your daughter, and fine and imprison
both. I say this bill authorizes that thing, and
I defy any one of its friends to successfully
combat that position. If you go to a theater
in a place where this Freedmen's Bureau is es-
tablished, and, not because they are negroes,
but because they are unfit and ignorant persons,
they are told they have no right to go and take
seats with your family, and you prevent it, the
bureau may arrest and imprison you. if a judge
decides that a negro cannot be sworn in a cause
being tried in his court, under the laws of a State
which he has sworn to administer, why, sir,
before that decision is cold upon his lips they
may arrest and lake him off to the agent of
the bureau and punish him as before stated.
Mr. Speaker, I ask members here, and es-
pecially the Union men of this House, to answer
and tell me whether they would submit to such
outrages? If they would not submit to them,
will they then ask the Union men of the South,
who have stood by the Government, to submit
to them? If they do, all I have to say is that
we cannot and will not submit to them.
But, sir, there is no necessity for those out-
rages. Laws should be provided ample in their
character to protect that race if they are not
now sufficient, and I think they are not. And,
as 1 have already said, if these tilings do occur
they will destroy all feeling nf good will between
the whites and the blacks in that country. I
repeat, when ill feeling has thus been created
all the armies you may raise cannot protect them.
Where now is the Freedmen's Bureau ? Why
did not its agents prevent the hangings and im-
prisonmentsof winch the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. KellkyJ has spoken? The Freed-
men's Bureau is in Alabama, and the military
are slill thj&e. No, sir, it cannot be done. So
far as I uiSQrstand the operations of the bureau,
it lies around the towns in the State of Kentucky
to harrass and oppress, and by oppressions to
put upon the loyal men of that State issues that
they cannot carrj ; issues which they cannot de-
fend. Let us first do right ourselves, and then
we can demand that all others shall do it.
Mr. ELIOT. I only desire to inquire of
tlie gentleman from Kentucky whether he has
it in his power to state the name of any agent
within the State of Kentucky who has had
charge of matters under the bureau and who
has exposed himself to this censure?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Yes, sir. I never say
anything that 1 am not willing to stand by. I
will not come here and make such allusions to
persons and refuse their names when called for
by their friends. I refer to Colonel McCaleb,
as one of the men connected with the Freed-
men's Bureau in Kentucky, and he is the man
whom I told that if he undertook to arrest me
and my family as others had been arrested and
punished I would kill him. And Captain Ken-
nedy was another I referred to.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the gentleman whether
Mr. Kennedy was not appointed in Kentucky
before the bureau took charge of affairs there?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I do not know. Colo-
nel McCaleb, who preceded him, received or-
ders from General Fiske.
Mr. ELIOT. Is it not true that Mr. Ken-
nedy was appointed by a gentleman who occu-
pied the position of post commander?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. And is it not true that Mr.
Kennedy was removed from his office within a
few dayg after the bureau took charge under the
present officer?
Mr. ROUSSEAU, f do not know how many
days afterward; but I do know that he com-
mitted more outrages there than the people will
be able to forget in thirty years.
