486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
though not upon this floor. During our war
of 1812, the British took possession of one
third of the territory of the State of Maine, in-
cluding the town and port of Castine, and held
it for a year—held it so completely, so abso-
lutely, that the people within those limits were
hold by the Supreme Court of the United
States to have been absolved for the time from
their allegiance to the Government of the Uni-
ted States. But -was that State or any part
of it extinguished or Congress called on to
restore it to the Union when that usurpation
had been withdrawn? No, sir. The State re-
sumed its functions. The action of Congress
to not invoked at all. The State went on as
a State, and as a State of the Union, just as
thougli'the usurpation had never existed; and
it was left for the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try to decide how far the relations of the indi-
viduals in that district to the United States
were changed or affected by the temporary
suppression of their habitual obedience to the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
Sir, I have supposed a case of usurpation by
a foreign Power. Let me now suppose a case
of usurpation by internal commotion—by the
action of internal causes. For Madison, in the
Federalist, says that the provisions of the Con-
stitution in regard to the. guarantee of a repub-
lican form cif government, apply to usurpations
of an oligarchy within a State, as well as to
•usurpations of another sort. Now, sir, suppose
that a party or a military loader—if it were pos-
sible that any military leader in this land could
contemplate such a thing—suppose that any
party or any foree should usurp (lie government
of Massachusetts or of New York, and I he Uni-
ted States should fail to redeem its pledge to
guaranty to that State a republican form of
government and to expel the usurping power.
If it should fail permanently, then the State
would be taken by force of arms out ol'the Union;
but suppose that it should fail to do so for a
year, or for two years, or for three years, still
continuing the endeavor and the strife, would
that failure destroy the .existence of the State
its a State of the OniTm? Certainly not. The
very supposition affords its own answer. If the
usurping power should hold permanent posses-
sion, then I concede that tin; State would cease
to be a State of the Union, butuot otherwise.
Now, I maintain that this is precisely what
dal happen in the rebel States. During the
winter of 1800-01, a conspiracy against the
Government of the United Slates existed here
in this city, in this House, on this floor, aided
by agents and conspirators in other sections
of the country. They deliberately plotted the
usurpation ol' the governments of the. southern
States, and a usurpation ol'the functions of the
Federal Government within those States. They
did all that within the knowledge and under the
observation of our Government, which knew its
plans and what it was proposing to do. (t was the
dutyof'our Governmental thaUime totake due
precautions against such usurpation. Thedistin-
guishodchief'then at the head of the Army ol'the
United Slates (General Scott) recommended to
the President of the United Stales that troops
should be stationed at certain points within the
proposed scene of operations, for the purpose, of
preventing the success of such attempted usur-
pation. That clearly was the duty of the Gov-
ernment, but the Government l'aiiedto pei form
its duty. The President of the United States
had a theory which prevented him from inter-
fering; and the Congress of that day refused to
give him any power to interfere if he had been
so disposed. It was thus, to a great extent, the
fault of the Government of the United States
that this usurpation, which was concocted hero,
was carried into partial and temporary exe-
cution there. Who does not believe that, if we
had had a reasonable foree in the State of ,\" orth
Caro.ina, that Statewould never have fallen into
the hands of the traitors who for a time usurped
its government?
ihe same thing may be said of almost every
southern State. We all know if the United
States had performed to the letter its solemn
promise to guaranty to every State a repub-
lican form of government, we should have
prevented the rebellion or greatly curtailed its
dimensions. But we did not perform that duty.
We allowed the conspiracy to ripen and gather
strength. The rebels took possession of the
southern States ; and we were compelled, hav-
ing failed to prevent it, to raise forces for their
expulsion. What was the object of all our ar-
ray of foree except to expel the usurpers who
had taken possession of every one of the south-
ern States ? What else but that were we trying
to do from the beginning to the end.of the
struggle ?
Now, sir, if an attempted usurpation does not
necessarily of itself t ake a State out, of the Un i on
unless it proves a success, it makes no differ-
ence at all that these usurpers are able by
their force, by their control of the States within
their power, to bring a majority of the people
Over to theif side. Through our failure to pro-
tect them, the people of those States were
brought under the power of the nsuipcrs and
compelled to obey their authority and aid their
cause. They were in the same condition that
the people of Mexico are to-day under Maxi-
milian. They had no choice in the matter. If
they refused to acquiesce, their property was
confiscat ed and they were arraigned and com-
pelled by force of the prevailing law to join the
usurping power. We waged war for four years
to expel these usurpers and deliver the people
from their control. Suppose wo had accom-
plished this at the end of six months, would any
one havo then contended, or would any one
now contend, that any one of those States was
out. of the Union? Suppose we had effected
this result at the end of one or of two years,
should we have regarded them as thus and then
out of the Union? I would like the gentleman
from Ohio, or any one else, at the proper time,
to point out to mo the precise poin t of time when
a State gels out ol'the Union by the usurpation
of its powers, other than the period of its final
and full success".
The gentleman from Ohio attributed to me the
idea, or he assumed by liis argument without say-
ing m words that I had propounded it, that, in-
asmuch as these States were not at anytime out
of the Union, they were entitled while rebelStates
to all the rights of constitutional States, through-
out the war; and he drew a striking picture of
the terrible condition in which we should have
been placed if we had allowed rebel Rcpiesenta-
tives liom those rebel States totake seats upon
this tloor during the war. I should feel some
little personal humiliation if I believed that the
gentleman thought so meanly of my capacity as
tosuppose foronemomont 1 could have contem-
plated such a thing. 1 do hold the theory, with
certain limitnlions not pertinent to this discus-
sion, that once a St,ate always a State, and at
all times a State; but, to be "entitled to repre-
sentation or power here it must be a constitu-
tional Suite, owing allegiance to the Consti-
tution and yielding obedience to the laws of the
United Stales, in every one of those States,
il (here had been a constitutional government,
that government would have been entitled to
recognition and represenlation here. 'Those
States w'hicli had such governments were so
recognized and so represented here all through
the war; and you had here upon this floor, ad-
mitted by your own votes, by the votes of many
who sit here now. delegates from the States of
the South, and States that were in rebellion.
There were delegates from Louisiana, Arkan-
sas. from Virginia, and fiom both Tennessee
and Kentucky at the very time the rebels held
armed possession of the capitals of both those
States.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Broomai.t,] also attributed to me the same
thing, and he made himself facetious over it. as
he had the capacity and the right to do if' he
saw or fancied anything facetious in it. And
not content with being facetious he became sar-
castic and severe. And he reached the climax
of sarcasm and severity when he referred to
the coincidence between my opinions on this
point and thosa of the Democratic gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.] Well, sir, I
have learned long ago that it is much better to
be right with a political opponent than wrong
with a professed political friend. Party names
are of little consequence, especially now when
they mean so little and conceal so much. And
much as it may shock the gentleman, 1 do not
hesitate to say that I would far rather be right
with the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Hogeks,] Democrat as he is, than to be wrong
oven in such distinguished company as the gen-
tleman fromPennsylvaniahimsolf [Mr. Broom-
all] Union man as he pretends to be.
The gentleman, moreover, seems to have
forgotten what also escaped the attention of
thegentlemanfromOhio, [Mr. Siiellahakger.,]
that before any man can take a seat on this
floor, or assume any office under the Federal
Government, he must take an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and must
take it truly and live up to it, or bear the pains
and penalties of perjury. Does he suppose for
one moment that the rebel powers in those
States would have sent men hero who would take
that oath? They themselves did not take it.
They discarded it, they rejected it. And if rebel
Representatives, representing rebel States, had
come hero they would be liable to arrest, trial,
and punishment for treason. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Biioomall] intimated
that [ had been lately converted to the doctrine
of the other side on this subject, and was pleased
to express a real or affect surprise thereat. Even
if this had been so, I should see no reason to
regret it. I trust I shall never be ashamed
to change my opinions on any subject, if I can
get nearer the truth thereby. I have no right
to assume or expect that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania should be so far familiar with my
political opinions, or the history of my public
action, as to know the date of anything con-
nected with either. But then he should not as-
sume to know, on this subject or any other, more
than he does know ; and to prevent a repetition
of his mistake on this point, if he will allow me
to send him a speech made by me in "Wilming-
ton, Delaware, in the fall of 1803, more than
two years ago and during the war, he will lind
that I held exactly the same ground then that
I hold now upon this precise subject, and that
I stated it in very nearly the same terms.
Now, sir, I coino to another point in the re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiel-
labarghu.] I look the liberty of saying that
if these States had gone out of the Union tliey
must have gone at some particular time and in
consequence of some specific act; and I asked
for a definite statement of the specific time at
which, and the specific act by which, this result
had been brought about. The gentleman treated
me and the House to a highly rhetorical reply.
Ho said that he would, by way of answering the
gentleman from New York as to the specific
time, tell him that it was when the courts were
silent; it was when they carried on war against
the Government; when they became enemies of
the Government; when they waged war through
long, ^dreary years; obliterated from their State
constitutions every vestige of recognition of our
Government; discarded all official oaths, and
took in their places oaths to support the gov-
ernment of our enemy; it was when they disre-
garded all the laws of war, "when they carved
the bones of your martyrs into ornaments, and
drank from goblets made of their skulls."
Well, sir, that is very rhetorical, and there
is a great deal more of it. It is very fervid,
very touching, and very effective. But, sir, he
will excuse me for saying that it is not an an-
swer to my question. It is simply and solely ail
evasion of it; and he will excuse me for asking
his attention to it again. I take it, that, being
a lawyer, he knows very well that the relation
of the State to the Federal Government at any
time is a question of law, of constitutional law.
He will concede that under the law of the Con-
stitution a State, at any particular time, either
is or is not a member of the LTnion. It is very
easy to tell when States became members of
this Union, and by what specific act. We all
know, for example, that the Constitution was
adopted on the 17th ofSeptembbr, 1787, and that
