1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
39th Cong.... 1st'Sess.
Freed/men's Bureau—Mr. Eousseau.
Ho. vi? Eeps.
Mr. ELIOT. la it not also true, on the re-
moval of Mr. Kennedy, the gentleman himself
was called upon by the assistant commissioner
there to recommend a successor; and whether
he did not recommend the gentleman who has
ever since occupied that position?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I was called on before
hig .removal, and I did recommend Colonel W.
P. Thomasson, who is a gentleman in every way
unexceptionable, and who now fills that posi-
tion.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Kennedy being out of the
way, can the gentleman name any other gen-
tleman connected with the Freedmen's Bureau
against whom he complains?
Mr. EOUSSEAU. I have had no further ac-
quaintance with them, and I am sorry that I
have had any. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT. That is all.
Mr. EOUSSEAU. Mr. Speaker, I wish now
to call the attention of the House to a letter
sent up here from Charleston. It emanates
from one Reuben Tomlinson, one of those gen-
tlemen, I suppose, who go down South for their
own purposes, and are constantly writing back
what they are doing, and taking great credit to
themselves.
"Chaklestojt, S. C., October, 13,1865.
"Pear Sir: I am now endeavoring to start the
schoolsin thiseity, There arc in Charleston four pub-
lic-school buildings: the Normal, St. Philip's street,
Morrisstrcct,and Meeting street buildings. The Meet-
ing street school is a small and very insignificant af-
fair; the others arcveryfino houses. Theold trustees
have applied to be put in possession of them. This
General Saxton has refused unless they will agree to
give a fair share of tbem to the colored children.
They refuse to do this. The Normal, Morris street,
and Meeting street schools I have opened and they
are already well filled with colored ehildron. The
white children, of course, do not attend."
There are four school-houses in Charleston,
and this gentleman takes credit to himself l'or
having taken possession of the whole of them
and used them for the benefit of the colored
people to the exclusion of the whites.
Mr. Speaker, when I was aboy, and in com-
mon with all other Kentucky boys was brought
in company with negroes, wc used to talk, as
to any project, about having " a white man's
chance.'' It seems to ine that now a man may
be very happy if he can get "a negro's chance.''
Here are four school-houses taken possession
of, and unless they mix up white children with
black, the white children can ha,ve no chance
in these schools for instruction. And so it is
wherever this Freedmen's Bureau operates.
Sir, what will be the result of all this? It
will result in that state of feeling 1 have spoken
of which Union men in my section of the coun-
try want to keep down.
Sir. Speaker, 1 am told thatthe Constitution
and laws of the land arc nothing just now be-
cause wo are in a state of war. I do not care
what may be said about the theory that a state
of war may exist without any declaration of it
or existing hostilities, but I say there is no such
state of war among the people who arc breth-
ren and fellow-citizens of a common country
as to justify these illegal interferences.
But, sir, four years ago we began resistance
to the efforts of the rebels to put down this
Government. We were told that this war was
for the Union, But we are told now that the
rebel States are out of the Union, and that all
these laws may of right and must of necessity
be passed, anil that we must sweep away the
constitution and laws of these States as this bill
does. As 1 have already suggested, you may
arrest the judges of Kentucky, not by warrant
of law, bat by order of a subaltern of this bu-
reau, and deprive them of liberty. You may
take away the liberty of any man, woman, or
child without warrant of law, without affidavit,
but upon the cx parte statement of any vaga-
bond negro who strolls through the country.
And we are told that these States are not in
the Union. Why, sir, howistliis? Wastherea
soldier in the whole Army of the United States
who fought in this war for the preservation ol
the Union who did not do so to save the Gov-
ernment of his countx'y? And yet, when the war
is at an end and the rebellion dead, we are told
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevexs] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Siiellabarger] that it does not matter in the
least how the war might end, whether the re-
bellion was suppressed or not, the Union is at
any rate dissolved; that our nationality is dead,
but the consolation is afforded us that th e llepub-
lican party still lives, and to keep it alive and in
power the organic law must be amended.
Now, sir, as I before said, I have acted with
that party and would act with it still. I want
to stay with the loyal men of this country. But,
sir, I find there are northern as well as southern
secessionists, and they not only seek the same
result but adopt pretty much the same reason-
ing on that subject. I am not willing to act
with either, and [ caro not whether either or
both are honest in the belief that secession
could be or is accomplished. I do not value,
in the least, honesty in treason.
They told me at the beginning of this war
that Jefferson Davis and his co-traitors were
honest in their belief that they could secede. I
knew they could not. I knew there were but
two ways in which they could secede; one was
according to the law of the land, and the other
was by force. You all say they could not do it
bv the law of the land; and I ask you if we did
not put down the force by which they attempted
to carry out their purpose? Sir, we southern
men have fought our share in this war. We
liave gone through more trials than you know
of. We have aided in bringing the war to a
triumphant close, wc have aided in gaining the
victory upon which tho life of the Government
depended, and now, when we comc here, those
who profess extreme loyalty get up and coolly
tell us to " Stand off; you are enemies of the
country."
A few days ago my friend from Ohio on my
right [Mr. Dei.axo] made a report, and lie was
complimented with much honeyed commenda-
tion, to use an old expression, by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Conkt/ixu] for making
that report, that the people down in the. insur-
rectionary Siotes were enemies to the Govern-
ment, and that ho could make no distinction
between loyal and disloyal men in the southern
States. I ask those gentlemen to-day, and I
wish they were able to answer me, when the
loyal men in the southern States became ene-
mies to their country? Did they do so by tho
secession of these States, which all these gen-
tlemen said was a nullity? Why, sir, upon the
principle these gentlemen contend for, the south-
ern man who, while defending the flag of his
country in the face of the enemy, if he had left
his wife and children behind him. they were
enemies of the Government because they were
left in the seceded Slates. I do not bcheve a
word'of all this. It eaunotbofrue. U'e have
cut ouisclves loose: wo have broken every tic
thai bound us to our people; brother has been
against brother and father against son; and yet
when wc come to the legislative Iralls of tlx;
nation and ask for that protection which we
think wc are entitled to, we are told that wc are
enemies to the Government, and must wait the
convenience of gentlemen 'for even a consider-
ation of our claims.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment,?
Mr. EOUSSEAU. I would rather go on.
Mr. CONKLING. As the gentleman has
referred to me, I desire to set him right on a
statement of fact.
Mr. EOUSSEAU. Excuse me, it you please.
I would rather go on. I do not like to have
my train of thought broken in upon.
Mr. CONK LING. The gentleman does not
state corrcetly the position I took.
Mr. EOUSSEAU. Then 1 yield, of course.
Mr. CONKLSNG. 1 trust I shall not inter-
fere with the gentleman's line of argument by
saying that he quite misapprehends, and there-
fore tiuitc misstates, the position which I took.
The remark which he refers to was a question
I propounded to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Delaxo.]
Mr. EOUSSEAU. Perhaps I did. 'I will
read it, and the House can see whether I did-
or not:
" Mr. Conkling. Idesiro t<> ask the gentleman from
Ohio a question. Iwish to s:iy that 1 likened with very
Kroat plcasuro to tho reading of tho report mada
by the gentleman some days ago, and, having onco
examined this question, T ap'co with him. as X un-
derstand his report, and 1 feci for one under great
obligation to him. Idesiro to ask himwhat is thedif-
feronce, not as a tnatrer of cicinency and discretion,
but as a matt or of law, between aelai m presented by
a disloyal person and one presented by a loyal man,
if both men wore citizens of tlio country occupied
and held by the enemy? Ia.sk the question in the light
of the decision of the court in the prize eases."
Mr. DELANO. 1 do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman from Kentucky, but some time
in the CDurse of his remarks I desire him to
allow me to explain what I meant by the lan-
guage that I used in reply to the gentleman
from New York, if he will give me tho oppor-
tunity.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I ivi)] do so; and mean-
time I will road the remarks of the gentleman
in reply to the question of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Coxkuxg.] lie said:
"There maybe cases upon this point. Jiut if there
are I fianlvly say to the llouso that my industry ha.3
not brought them under my observation. And if he
or any other gentleman knows of any such caso I
would be obliged to him to inform me. AH the timo
I have boon speaking in relVvenee to this distinction
between the claims of lo>al and dislojal pcrsons l
have been speaking in reference to equity and not in
refeieneo to law, ami [ desiro the House so to under-
stand me. I have been considering the question in
the li^-ht of benevolonco and equity, rather than in
tho light of law and stiiet juM u.e. lr think the sug-
gestion of tho gentleman From Now York [Mr. Conk-
t.inu] exceedingly peitinent. because it presents to
those who see lit to tako that, view^ of the subject
anot.hei reason for rejecting those claims.
"1 wilt add further upon this point that it oneo oc-
curred to mo, while, I hail this report under consider-
ation mid preparation, that those who wore brought
into tho rebellion by the sovereign power of their
States—for I acknowledge tho sovereignty of States
to a limited extent—those who woro carried into the
lebclhon by the sovereign a- tion of their States, so
jar as Ihoy could act, thus icing in a certain senso
enemies, to whom for some purpose belligerent rights
were accorded, mast nocessarilv, upon principles of
law, stand upon the same platform with those who
caused the rebellion."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not going into a
discussion of this question, whether tho Slates
lately in rebellion are out of the Union or not.
Enough has been said about I,hat on my side of
the question and on the other side. 1 wish to
state here one single position, and itis one that
we have stood upon through tin,' war, and one
1 expect to stand upon as long as 1 live, and
which nobody shall drive me Scorn, and that
is, that every citizen of tho United States owes
paiainount allegiance to tlic Federal Govern-
ment, an allegiance that neither the States in
one or another capacity, nor the people in any
capacity, can release him from, and that this
allegiance, when given heartily to the Govern-
ment, entitles the (iti^eu to all the protection
thatthe Government can give him, and that no
matter where or in what Stale ho may be he is
entitled to all the rights that belong to any and
all other citizens.
That, sir, was the sensible ground that wo
occupied in the South. But alter the war is
over, a war waged for the salvation of the Gov-
ernment alone, we arc told that these States
are out of the Union, i say this war was waged
l'or the salvation of the Government alone. In
support of that assertion I will ask the Clerk to
read the resolution adopted by this House the
day after the battle of Bull Hup. It is harnly
neccssary to refer to it; but I will ask the Clerk
to read it.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
" Revolved hi the Untie of RcprnenM hei of the Con-
Of the United Kt«tc«, That the present deplorable
civil war ha? heeti forced uosnthecoiuitry by thedis-
unionists ot the southern States, now m arms against
the constitutional Government, and m arms around
t no cspital; that in this national emergency Gongitos,
banishing all feelings tbnt
will recollect only its duty to the whole country, that
this war not waged on their part, id auy spirit of
oppression, 01 for any purpose of concpicst or sub-
