1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
and troops, and the cost of producing and
transporting coal was greatly increased. The
price went up in the New England market just
in proportion as the difficulties increased in
thevvay of home production and home com-
petition, showing plainly that it is the compe-
tition of our own mines, from Maryland and
Pennsylvania and West Virginia, that keeps
down the price of coal in Is'ew England, and
not the fact that Canada coal is admitted at a
low duty or free of duty.
Therefore it is a plain proposition that this
reduced rate of duty will inure wholly to the
benefit of a people who have no interest in
common with us ; or to that portion of our peo-
ple who have investments in the coal mines
of Canada; and that coal from Canada can
well afford to pay $1 2o or $1 50 a ton with-
out increasing the price, for the duty will be
paid by the producer and not by the consumer.
Therefore I trust when the proper time comes
this section will be stricken out and the duty
remain as at present—$1 25 per ton. It will
not increase the price the New England people
will have to pay. They-will be able to main-
tain their manufactories as before, for we can
furnish them with better coal, and at a lower
price than they are now paying.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of terminating general
debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofiei.d re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
close of dei!ate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall resume the consideration of bill
of the House No. 178, general debate be term-
inated thereon in ten minutes.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Does the chairman of
the committee intend to cut off legitimate de-
bate on the propositions to amend this bill?
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all.
Mr. P. THOMAS. I liave something to say.
Mr. MORRILL. I will modify my motion
if the gentleman desires to occupy any time
now.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I prefer to make my
remarks upon some proposition to amend.
There is a single feature in this bill that I
desire to be heard upon when we reach that
point. It is the one to which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania referred.
Mr. MORRILL. Of course, when general
debate is closed, the debate on amendments
will be limited to live minutes, but so far as I
am concerned I will use my efforts to allow
the gentleman a reasonable time if he will
state how long he wishes to speak.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I do not want to speak
more than twenty or thirty minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. Would it not suit the gen-
tle man as well to occupy that time now?
Mr. F. THOMAS. No, sir; there are some
facts in my possession that I wish to present.
Mr. MORRILL. I presume the House will
indulge the gentleman. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
aecordinglv resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
SeoFiFXD in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being a bill of
the House (No. 718) to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
The Clerk read the first section, of the bill,
as follows:
Beit enacted hy the. Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That from and after tho passage of this act,
in lieu of tho duties now imposed by law on tho arti-
cles mentioned and embraced in this section, there
shall belevied.collcctcd, and paid on all unmanufac-
tured wool, hair of the alpaca, goat, and other like
animals, imported from foreign countries, tho duties
hereinafter provided. All wools, hair of the alpaca,
goat, and other like animals, as aforesaid, shall be
divided, for tho purpose of fixing tho duties to bo
charged thereon, into three classes, to wit:
class 1.
Clothing wools: that is to say, merino, mcstiza,
metz,or metis wools, or other wools of merino blood,
immediate or remote; Down clothing wools; and
wools of like e.harnctor wirh any of the preceding,
including such as have been heretofore usually im-
ported into the United States lrom Buenos Ayrcs,
New Zoalaud, Australia, Capo of Good llope, Russia,
! Great Britain, Canada, and elsewhere, and also in-
cluding all wools not hereinafter described or desig-
nated in eludes two (2) and thieo (,3.)
Class 2.
Combiner wools: that is to say, Leicester, Cotswold,
Lincolnshire, Lown tombing wools. Canada long
wools, or other like combing wools ot Englir-li blood,
and usually known by the terms herein umhI ; ;md nlfco
all hair of the alpaca, goat, and other like animals.
Class 3.
Carpet wools and othersimilar wools, such as T)on-
skoi, native South American, Cordova, Valparaiso,
nafive Smyrna, and including all such wools of like
character as havo been heretofoie usually imported
into the United States from Turkey, Grecce, Egypt,
Syria, and elsewhere.
>\)i the purpose uf canying into effect the clari-
fication herein provided, a sufficient number of dis-
tinctive samples of the various kind1' of wool or hair
embraced in each of the three elapses above named,
selected and prepared under the direction of tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury, anddulv verilied by him, (the
standard samples being retained in the Troasuiy De-
partment.) shall be deposited in tin-custom-houses
and elsewhere, a^ he nuivdircet, which sample^ shall
be used by the proper officers of the customs to deter-
mine thedassesabovc specified, to which al! imported
wools belong. And upon wools of tho iiivtelacs, the
value whereof at the lastnoit or place whence ex-
ported to thcUmted States, excludingchargexin such
poit, shall be thirty-two cents or less per pound, the
duty shall bo ton cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, ten percent, ad valorem; upon wools of tho
same class, the value whereof at the last port or place
whence expoxted to the United States, excluding
charges in such port, shall exceed thirty-two cents
per pound, the duty shall be twelve cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, ten per cent, ad v<ihnem.
Upon wools of the second class, and upon all hair of
the alpaca, goat, and other like animals, the value
whereof at tho last port or placo whence exported to
the United States, excluding charges in such port,
shall be thirty-two cents or less per pound, the duty
shall be ten cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
ten per cent, ad valorem,• upon wools of the same
class, the value whereof at the la^t port or place
Avhcncc exported to the United State*, excluding
charges in such port, shall exceed thnty-two cents
pei pound, the duty shall be twelve cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, ten percent, ad valorem.
Upon wools of the thiid class, the value whereof at
the last port or placc whence exported into the Uni-
ted States, excluding charges in such port, shall bo
twelve cents or less per pound, the dutyshall bethrcc
cents per pound; upon wools of the same class, the
value wlieicof at the last poit or placc whcncc ex-
ported to the United States, excluding charges in such
port, shall excced twelve cents per pound, tho duty
shall be six cents per pound: Provided, That any
wool of the sheep, or hair of tho alpaca, goat, and
other like animals, which shall be imported in any
other than the ordinary condition as now and here-
tofore practiced, or which shall bo changed in its;
character or condition, for the purpose of evading the
duty, or which shall be leduccd in value by the ad-
mixture of dirt or any other foreign substance, shall
he subject to pay twice the amount of duty to which ;
it would otherwise be subjected, anything in this aet
to the contrary notwithstanding^ Provided jurthcr,
That when wool of different qualities is impoi ted in
the same bale, bag, or package, it shall be appraised
bv the appraiser, to determine the rate of duty to
which it shall be subjected, at the average aggregate
value of tho contents of the bale, bag, or package;
and when bales of different qualities are embracedin
the same invoice atthcsamcprice.whcrebytheaver-
age prk'C shall be reduced more than ten per cent,
below thc'vahie of the bale of tho host quality, the
value of tho whole shall bo appraised according to
the value oi tho bale of tho bcslquality; andnobale,
bag, or package shall be liable to a lee* rate of duty
in oonscnuencc of being invoiced with wool of lower
value: And provided further, That tho duly upon
•wool of the first cla^s which shall be imported cashed
shall be twice tho amount of duty to which it would
be subjected if imported unwashed, and that the duty
upon wool of all classes which shall be imported
scoured shall be three times the amount of the duty
to which it would hesubjectcdif imported unwashed.
On sheep-skins and Angora goat-skins, raw or unman-
ufactured, imported with the wool on, washed or un-
washed, the duty shall bo thirty per cent, ad valorem;
and on woolen rags, shoddy, mungo, waste, and flocks,
the duty shall be twelve cents per pound.
Mr. GR1NNELL. I move to amend the
section by striking out in line one hundred the
word "twelve" and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " twenty-five," so thatitwill read as
follows:
On sheep-skins and Angora coat-skins, raw or un-
manufactured, imported with the wool on, washed or
unwashed, the duty shall be thirty per cent, ad valo-
rem ; and on woolen rags, shoddy, raungo, waste, and
flocks, tho duty shall bo twenty-live cents per pound,
Mr. Chairman, I am not acquainted with any
clothes-wearers, or wool-growers, or with any
other class of men, who are in favor of per-
mitting the importation of this shoddy into this
country. We all know that it has been asso-
ciated with fraudulent contracts. It has been
palmed off upon our citizens who use cheap
clothing ; and every one knows that it has no
real value. It is wanting in the wearing prop-
erties of wool. I think it is just to all parties,
to the manufacturers, to the cloth-wearers, and
to the wool-growers, to discourage the impor-
tation of this article.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, of the gentleman from loiva. The gen-
tleman is not familiar with the process of
blanket making. lie cannot be familiar with
the process of making fine cloths such as those
which gentlemen wear in their dress coats, and
ladies in their habits. Ho cannot be familiar
with the constituents of "Irish frieze" and "Pe-
terboro'," or he would not talk thus. Shoddy
is one of the elements of the softest blankets
made for the infant's cradle or the bridal bed.
[Laughter.] Gentlemen laugh; being bach-
elors they are not acquainted with such things.
[Laughter.] The finest cloth receives its ex-
quisite softness of touch from shoddy.
1 admit, that like every other ingredient, it
may bo used for purposes of adulteration, and
in excess. Ours is the only country that permits
woolen rags to bo exported. Prussia prohibits
it absolutely; and British manufacturers have
moved their machinery and capital to Berlin
to establish shoddy mills as they would do in
America if we prohibited the export of our
woolen rags. France also prohibited their ex-
port; and when Chevalier and Cobdcn made
their treaty, France agreed to admit their ex-
port, but she cheated England by making the
tax, or duty, prohibitory.
The woolen rags we export contain the ele-
ments of some of the finest pigments used by
artists. From tho dust, of the shoddy manu-
factory you get that which gives the velvety
appearance to the finest papers that embellish
our saloons. In England, from the factories
of Battly and Dewsbury, in the West Hiding
of Yorkshire, this material is derived. There
is not one element in woolen rags gathered by
the chiffoniers on the streets that goes to waste.
There is not a raw material that yields so small,
so imperceptible a percentage of waste as this.
It is used to the last particle iu manufactures
and the arts.
When 18'>7 and ]RG7 were marked by com-
mercial bankruptcy, from one end of our coun-
try to the other, the shoddy manufactures of
England were closed; and only for two years
in their history did their laboi ere live on public
charity. Those weie the years following the
great commercial crises of 1837 and 1857, when
there was a stoppage of tho American market
for shoddy goods. Let the raw material come
in. Let us make blankets that will drive out.
English blankets. Let us make our own ''Irish
frieze'' and "Peterboro' frosted beaver." Let
us be able to rival England and France, and
other European nations,"in makingthose cloths,
in which softness and fineness of texture are
required, but in which durability is not ex-
pected.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. tfrixxei.i,] sa as to
make the duty ten cents per pound. I do this
for the purpose of saying a few words. It ia
not often on these tariff questions that [ have
an opportunity of agreeing with that great ad-
vocate of protection, the distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Iveixey.] I
think, however, ho is now on that line of true
protection to American industry which con-
