1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2511
propriate legislation. This of coursc is requi-
site to enforce the foregoing sections, or such
of them as may be adopted, and is too plain
to admit of argument; and in fact is not, as I
am aware, contested by any gentleman in this
House.
In conclusion, I would repeat, Mr. Speaker,
what I had occasion once before to announce
on the floor of this House, that the only three
amendments I deem important to the Consti-
tution of the United States as a sure_guarantee
were these, to wit:
1. That the representation in Congress shall
be apportioned among the several States ac-
cording' to the qualified voters of each State;
2. That the rebel debt incurred in the late
rebellion shall never be assumed by the Uni-
ted Slates or any State; and
8. To allow a tax or duty on exports, so that
foreign countries which purchase cotton shall
pay a duty thereon. And it is not probable
that it would be imposed on any other staple
exported, and besides, the duty thus derived
would doubtless amount to a vej-y large sum in
aid of replenishing the Treasury. This latter
might reach some of those who in the late
rebellion were aiding the rebels.
It is true this latter proposition is not now
before the House, but it is before the Judiciary
Committee, and I trust that committee will soon
report favorably, and I certainly cannot doubt
its passage by a two-thirds vote.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. li.
No. 352) to incorporate the National Theo-
logical Institute; when the Speaker signed the
same.
PROCEEDINGS BEFORE JUSTICES OE TIIE PEACE.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced nn act to regulate proceedings before
justices of the peace, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
COMPENSATION TO A CLERK.
Mr. CULLOM also, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee of Ac-
counts :
Resolved, That the compensation of John Bailey,
assistant disbursing clerk.be, and the same is hereby,
increased and made the same us that oi: the Journal
clcrk, beginning with the present Congress.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, at an early day
during this session I offered for the cons'uleta-
tion of the House the following propositions:
1. That the United States as conquerors in war no%v
have the political ^j>owor of the States recently in
rebellion.
2. That, until action by Congress, the President, as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, has
authority to organize and maintain government
■within said States.
3. That the said States are not entitled to take part
in the government of the United States until Congress
shall, on such terms as it may prescribe, confer upon
them the power to act.
4. That, disclaiming all desire to impose on them
hostile or burdensome conditions, and mindful only
of irreversible guarantees against future disunion or
secession and of plighted faith to all wlio have aided
in the overthrow of this rebellion, wo declare it to be
an indispensable condition for the recognition of sa.id
States that their constitutions should secure to all the
inhabitants thereof equal rights before the law with-
out distinction of color or race.
The resolution embodying these propositions
was referred, under the rule of the House, to
the committee on reconstruction, and the action
of that committee is now before the House in
the form of a proposed amendment to the Con-
stitution and of two bills, which will be consid-
ered in their order.
The proposed amendment contains five sec-
tions, and they are as follows:
Sec. 1. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person ot life, liberty, or property, with-
out due proe.ess oflaw; nor denyto anypersonwithin
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
mm- Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States which maybeincluded within this
Union according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole -number of persons in each Slate,
excluding Indians not taxed. But whenever, in any
State, the clcctive franchise shall be denied to any
portion of its male citizens not less than twenty-one
years of age, or in any way abridged, except for par-
ticipation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of
representation in such State shall be reduced in the
proportion which the number of such male citizens
shall bear to the whole number of mate citizens not less
than twenty-one years of age.
Sbc. 3. Until the 4th day of July, 1870, all persons
who voluntarily adhered to the late insurrection, giv-
ing it aid and comfort, shall be excluded from the
right to vote for Representatives in Congress and for
electors for President and Vice President of the
United States.
Sec. i. Neither the United States^ nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation already
incurred, or which may hereafter be incurred, in
aid ot insurrection or of war against the United
States, or any claim for compensation for loss of
involuntary service or labor.
Sue. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforcby
appropriate legislation the provisions of this article.
This amendment is not, as I believe, all that
ought to be offered by that committee and
passed by this House and made-by the loyal
Legislatures of the United States a part of our
organic law ; but it is right' as far as it goes,
and upon careful examination I find contained
in it no compromise of principle. That being
settled I am willing to defer to the opinions
of other gentlemen, and be content with the
best that can be obtained.
In the fourth proposition submitted by me
in December last 1 stated what, in my judg-
ment., we ought to demand. But that cannot
be had. The time will come, I do not doubt,
when in this Union of ours all men will stand
equal before the law in their political and civil
rights.
One amendment to the Constitution lias been
passed by this House and rejected by the Senate.
1 felt compelled to vote against it here although
I regretted to be separated from friends whose
judgment I rcspcct. But for the reasons which
I briefly gave at the time I could not unite with
them upon the proposition then made.
The amendment now offered, while it is not
all 1 could ask, is not open to the objections
which then controlled my vote.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I shall very briefly
give my reasons for sustaining the report of
the committee and voting for the amendment
which they offer to the House.
I support the first section because the doc-
trine it declares is right, and if, under the Con-
stitution as it now stands, Congress has not
the power to prohibitState legislation discrimi-
nating against classes of citizens or depriving
any persons of life, liberty, or property without
due process oflaw, or denying to any persons
within the State the equal protection of the
laws, then, in my judgment, such power should
be distinctly conferred. I voted for the civil
rights bill, and I did so under a conviction that
we have ample power to enact into law the
provisions of that bill. But 1 shall gladly do
what I may to incorporate info the Constitution
provisions which will settle the doubt which
some gentlemen entertain upon that question.
The second section, Mr. Speaker, is, in my
judgment, as nearly correct as it can be with-
out being fully, in fall measure, right. But one
thing is right, and that is secured by the amend-
ment. Manifestly no State should have its basis
of national representation enlarged by reason
of a portion of citizens within its borders to
which the elective franchise is denied. If polit-
ical power shall be lost because of such denial,
not imposed because of participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, it is to be hoped that politi-
cal interests may work in the line of justice, and
that the end will be the impartial enfranchise-
ment of all citizens not disqualified by crime.
Whether that end shall be attained or not, this
will be secured: that the measure of political
power of any State shall be determined by that
portion of its citizens which can speak and act
at the polls, and shall not be enlarged because
of the residence within the State of portions
of its citizens denied the right of franchise.
So much for the second section of the amend-
ment. It is not all that I wish and would de-
mand ; but odious inequalities are removed by
it and representation will be equalized, and the
political rights of all citizens will under its
operation bo, as we believe, ultimately recog-
nized and admitted.
The third section, Mr. Speaker, disables
until July 4,1870, those who voluntarily sought
to destroy the Government from taking part
in the election of President aifll Representa-
tives in Congress.
Will any gentleman venture upon this side
of the House to argue that such men should
be restored at once to all their political rights
within the Union? It is clear upon adjudged
law that the States lately in rebellion, and the
inhabitants of those States, by force of the
civil war and of the Union triumph in that
war, so far have lost their rights to take part
in the Government of the Union that some
action on the part of Congress is required to
restore those rights. Pardon and amnesty
given by the President cannot restore them.
Those men cannot vote for President or for
Representatives in Congress until in some
way Congress has so acted as to restore their
power. The question, then, is very simple:
shall national power be at once conferred on
those who have striven by all means open to
them to destroy the nation's life? Shall our
enemies and the enemies of the Government,
as soon as tlieyhave been defeated in war, help
to direct and to control the public policy of
the Government? And that, too, while those
men, hostile themselves, keep from all exer-
cise of political power the only true and loyal
friends whom we have had during these four
years of war within these southern States.
Mr. Speaker, if this war has not been fought
in vain; if our young men have not in vain
offered up their lives in battle for their coun-
try ; If the treasure and life of this land have
not been sacrificed for naught, this thing mnst
not be done.
But, Mr. Speaker, this section is not vital to
this amendment. It may be stricken out, and
the affirmative value of the amendment will yet
be retained. I do not agree with those gentle-
men who have contended that the amendment
would be in effect deprived of its great value if
the third section is omitted from it. The objec-
tion to it, the only objection which I remember
to have heard, excepting that made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] which was
answered by his colleague, [Mr. Schekck,] is
based upon the argument that the section would
be practically inoperative. Ifthatcanbe shown
it should not be retained. But I have this to
say in reply to this suggestion: there are two
descriptions of persons who maybe affected by
this section. There are, first, the masses of
men who do not direct affairs, but are them-
selves guided and controlled by others. There
are, as we have reason to believe, multitudes
of these men who had no heart for the rebel-
lion, as they could see no profit to themselves,
even in its success. They were led into it,
seduced into it, dragged into it; yet, being
engaged, they may have so far voluntarily aided
as to be within the letter of this section. From,
their early lift these men had been accustomed
to defer to the will of others. Now, there may
be difficulty in applying this provision to such,
as these. Indeed, I am not anxious that it
should be too generally applied. And it would
probably be found, in the practical operation
of this section, that such men were not so
"voluntarily'' acting as to be embraced by its
terms. The will was wanting. They engaged
in the rebellion more by force of the willof
others than of their own. But this section
would reach the solid rebels, the men of weight,
of personal force, of high social character and
position, the leaders in the various circles;
these men would be reached. There might be
doubt as to the others, but here there would
be no doubt. In every community the leading
men are known; because they were leaders
they are known. They have controlled afrairs,
they have formed public opinion, they have
swayed and directed and planned. Without
these men of loading character, and strong
will, and personal individual energy, the rebel-
lion could not have gained its great propor-
