THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
out.; "We pot flown the rebellion, we crushed
the usurpation, we expelled-or overpowered
the usurpers, we cleared the rebel States of all
au&ority and all force that resisted and ren-
dered impossible the execution of the laws of
■ the IMted States. When that was done we
were done, and the States remained as they were
before. We certainly did not conquer them in
&ny sense of subjugation to anything else than
the Constitution and law of the United States.
, - Moreover I find in the Constitution no pro-
vision for the forfeiture of State rights. I find
therg no provision for punishing States. I find
provision for'pumshing-individuals for treason,
biits none for punishing States. I made in this
connection a remark a few days ago, that the
Constitution generally dealt with individuals
and "not with States; that there were but few
eases in which it dealt with States at all.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiella-
baegeb, j in somewhat eager haste, I thought,
to avail himself of what he might well enough
have supposed to be a mere lapsus on my part
intheuseoflangnage, paraded before the House
an array of about fifty cases in which the Con-
stitution does deal directly with States; and he
asserted in broad terms that the '' ability to read
the English language" ought to have preserved
me from making such a mistake as that. Well,
sir, 1 did not take that in ill part at all. It was
a part of the gentleman's rhetoric. He had a
perfect right to resort toil. It was not the only
case in which he did so, though, perhaps, it was
the only case in which he did it with so direct
a personal application to myself.
But, sir, I repeat, with a full knowledge of the
word as I used it then, that so far as inflicting
punishment is concerned the Constitution deals
with individuals, and not with States. It does
deny the right of States' to do certain things—
to make treaties, issue letters of marque and
reprisal, &c.; but it provides 110 punishment
for States if they violate those injunctions,
except the simple penalty of rendering null and
void everything that they thus do in violation of
those prohibitions. I knew, when 1 made that
statement, that I was not originating any new
doctrine. I remembered that Daniel W e'bstcr,
in one of his able and striking replies to Mr.
Calhoun, took the same ground—that the Con-
stitution deals mainly with States; and I knew
that in that case I10 quoted from older and per-
haps higher authorities, if there could he higher
authority than his own upon that 01- any other
point of constitutional law- I remembered
that Oliver Ellsworth, in urging upon Connecti-
cut the adoption of the Constitution, declared
explicitly that its great peculiarity was that
it dealt with individuals and not with States.
I remembered that Mr. Samuel Johnson, the
famous lawyer of the same State, made sub-
stantially the same statement. And 1 remem-
bered also that Daniel 'Webster quoted them
both when he concurred in their opinion, ami
said that—
"The Constitution was ndopledlhal theremuiht !>c
d Government which should acl dirccllyou individ-
als without borrowing aid from the State govern-
ments-"
I thought, sir. that I should not lie in very
bad company when i propounded so simple u
proposition; and I think to-day that if the
''ability to read the English language" should
have protected mo from falling into error, it
should have protected them al=o.
Mr.SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. RAYMOND. Ye-!, sir.
Mr. S1IELLABARGER. The gentleman
seems to charge me (though [ do not think he
intended it) with an intentional misunderstand-
ing of his remarks in regard to the Constitution
dealing with States. Now, sir, if I loll into a
misapprehension as to hismeaning on that point,
it was his fault. If I foil into a misapprehen-
sion, it wasbecause, in connection with his state-
ment that the Constitution did not deal with
States, he said that'it did not do it "except in
one or two instances, such as elections of mem-
bers of Congress and the election of electors of
President and Yice President," showing that
he was not speaking of the Constitution deal-
ing with individuals in the punishment of crime
or in the enforcement of laws, but that he was
speaking of the Constitution dealing with States
in the political sense which I attributed to him,
because he instanced those two cases.
Mr. RAYMOND. I admit, Mr. Speaker, that
I was less guarded than I might have been in
the language which I used; perhaps it was sus-
ceptible of a broader interpretation than I meant
to give it. When I said that the Constitution
deals with individuals rather than States, I
meant to confine it, as the connection shows—
though perhaps I should have done so more
explicitly than I did—to the matter of punish-
ments.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman, I
trust, will pardon me, if I make one additional
suggestion. I agree to the proposition which
the gentleman states, that,, in all matters of the
enforcement of the laws under the Constitution
of the United States, the Constitution does act
on individuals. That has been again and again
affirmed by the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. RAYMOND. That was all, sir, I de-
signed to say on that point.
Now, having shown, it seems to me, by rea-
soning, with more or less force and conclusive-
ness, that we have no right to deal with the States
lately in rebellion otherwise than as we might
have dealt with them before the rebel lion began, [
wish to show that, the action of the departments,
executive, legislative, and judicial, confirms
that view. That action proceeds from first to
last upon the supposition they were States in the
Union when the rebellion broke out; that, they
continued to be States of the Union during the
war ; and that they are States in the Union now
that, the war is over and the rebellion crushed.
[ do not wish to detain the House by referring
in detail to the various acts by which f can sus-
tain these views. It is enough when I refer in
general terms to the proclamations of the Ex-
ecutive, and his declarations, both public and
private. The first, inaugural delivered by the
President of the United States, Mr. Lincoln,
on the 3th of March, I8fil, takes the same po-
sition, and is predicated upon this position, that
all thai he had to do was to execute the laws of
the Union, not to wage war against a State. He
said:
"It follows thatnoStato upon its own mere motion
c.ui lawfully tfet, out of the IJmim ; that resolve* and
ordinances to that, clt'ret are loyally void: and that
acts of violence within any State 01* (States against
the authority of the United States are insurrection-
ary or revolutionary, according to circumstances. I
consider, therefore, that ill view of the Constitution
and laws the Union is unbroken, and to the extent,of
my ability I shall take care, as theConstitulion itself
expressly enjoins upon me, thattlie laws of the Union
be faithfully executed in a,It the States."
And ill the proclamation of April 13, calling
out, the first body of Iroops, he declared that—
"Whereas the Iawsnf {he United States have been
for some lime past, and tire now, opposed, and tho
! execllt ion tlif rr-ut oh.sii net cd iu (he States of South
| Caiolma, (ii'oi^ia, Alabama, Florida, Mi^i^sippi,
Louisiana, and Tcxa- by combinations too powerful
j to bo suppressed by the ordinary course ot judicial
■ proceedings,"—
he would call for seventy-five thousand men to
suppress those, combinations and enable liiin
to execute, the laws. This, too, is the tone and
teaching of all the diplomatic correspondence
of the Government, carried 011 through the Sec-
retary of Slate,% England was warned from the
very first that any recognition by her of these
States as being out of the Union would be re-
sented as a cause of wnr; and Mr. Seward said
to Mr. Adams that if England recognized the
southern States she must prepare to be their
ally. So Mr. Lincoln, in his letter to Mr.
Greelev, published at tho time, adopted the
Kline idea. So in his letter to Fernando Wood
of December 12, 1862, he uses these distinct
terms:
"Understanding the phrase 'the southern States
would send Representatives to Congress' to be sub-
stantially iho same as that the people of the south-
ern Stateswould cease resistance and would rcinaupru-
rate, submit to, and maintain the national authority
within the limits i>f such States under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, 1 say that, in sueli ease the
war would oease on the part of the United States, and
that if within a reasonable time a fall and general
amnesty were necessary, to such end it would not be
withheld." * j
So in every declaration of the President; but
I will not keep the House by reading more. The
House will excuse me for reading as one more
proof a passage from the reply to the French,
proposal for referring the whole subject to a
commission. Mr. Seward in that reply says:
"The Congress of tho United States furnishes a con-
stitutional foruin for debates between the alienated
parties. Senators and Represents lives from the loyal
portion of the people arc there already fully empow-
ered to confer: and scats also are vacant and inviting
Senators and Representatives from the discontented
party who may be constitutionally sentthere from the
States involved in the insurrection."
That declaration received tho approval of the
President, and expressed the views of the ex-
ecutive department of the Government.
Now, so much for the executive department
of the Government. I find also upon the statute-
book laws of Congress all based upon the same
idea ; laws imposing direct taxes, frequently
referred to in these debates. In August, 1861,
that law was passed apportioning their share
„of direct taxes to each of the States then in re-
bellion, naming them and recognizing them most
distinctly and explicitlyasStat.es of the Union;
and those taxes were paid, or when paid will be
paid, by virtue of that act of Congress. So
with the apportionment of representation. The
act passed March 4, 1802, which did not take
effect by its terms until March 4, 1863, gave to
each of the southern States its proportion of
representation upon this floor. It thus ac-
knowledged the right of representation in Con-
gress of every one of those States, and by the
most solemn action declared tliem to be States
of the Union and in the Union even while in
open rebellion and war. I could read from
other laws passed during tho war and show that
they all imply, more or less directly, precisely
the same thing. I find moreover from time to
time distinct declarations by Congress and by
this House of the object.and scope of tho war; I
find that the object of the war is in every instance
declared to be to defend and preserve the Union
with "all the dignity, equality, and rights of
the several States unimpaired." T find that
one resolution defining the objects forwhich and
for which alone the war was waged, and speci-
fying as one of them the preservation of the
rights of the States unimpaired, passed this
House after the war had begun in the summer
of 1801: and I find recorded as having voted for
it nearly all who were then and who are now
members of the House on the Union side, and
many others. I find the distinguished gentle-
man who is now the Speaker of the House,
[Mr. Cot,pax;] 1 find the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. [Mr. Keli.ky;] 1 find the gcnileman
from Ohio [Mr. SiiEr.n.uiARCEit] voting that the
object of the war was to preserve the rights of
the Stales unimpaired, and that, when thai object
was attained the war should cease.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield a moment?
Mr. RAYMOND. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to say
that I stood upon that position and 1 still stand
upon it, and it is in order that the rights of the
Statesmay be preserved unimpaired that we have
raised the joint committee of fifteen.
Mr. RAYMOND, if I understand the gen-
tleman, he holds that the rights of the States are
now not only impaired but destroyed, and that
they are not in existence now. Mow, as the
object of the war was to preserve those rights
unimpaired, the war must have failed to accom-
plish the object for which, by the common con-
sent and positive, declarations of Congress, it
was carried on. What, then, diditaccomplish, if
not the object for which it was waged? I hold
that the war was not a failure but a success; that
it did'achieve its declared object; that it sup-
pressed tho rebellion, and bv so doing "main-
tained tho integrity of tho Union and preserved
tho rights of all the States unimpaired."
Well , sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] altlionghlhaveheardhim com-
plimented (and.he will excuse me for saying I
consider it a very questionable compliment) for
