THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J line 28,
sists -with the general prosperity and advantage
of the people of this country as well as of the
'manufacturers. Therefore I am with him heart-
ily. Let me say, then, touching all these ar-
ticles that are in the nature of raw material,
that just in proportion as you promote the in-
troduction of materials which are used in man-
ufactures just in that proportion do you, on the
one hand, increase the profits of the business
of manufacturing in thi3 country, and on the
other hand cheapen the price to the consumer
in this country. I think no gentleman will
dispute this point with me. Now, these bei/i-r
articles of no use until they are manufactured,
let them come in as freely as possible, so far
as it is necessary to use them, in order to fa-
cilitate the development of the manufactures
of which they form a part, and at the same
time cheapen"the cost to the consumers of the
country.
My colleague [Mr. Gbisxell] evidently in-
tended to accomplish an excellent purpose, in
which, however, I think he was mistaken, so
far as his proposition is concerned. His pur-
pose evidently was to prevent the use in this
country as far as possible of the article knowu
as "shoddy." But he will see at once that his
proposition in raising the duty to, as he pro-
poses, twenty-five ceuts per pound does not
accomplish that purpose, because it still leaves
the cost of shoddy less than the cost of wool.
And as long as you leave any margin of dif-
ference in favor of the inferior article, just so
long will that inferior article be used to the
, extent necessary to secure a small profit if a
large profit cannot be obtained. Then this arti-
cle of shoddy will be used unless you forcibly
prohibit its use entirely in this country. I say,
therefore, that my colleague, excellent as his
intention is, entirely fails to accomplish his
purpose by his proposition. But I am earnestly
desirous that this Congress shall, as far as pos-
sible, introduce into thetariff legislation of this
country the principle of allowing the indis-
pensable raw material, which we must intro-
duce to a large extent from abroad, to come in
with as low a duty as possible, and thus on the
one hand develop manufactures, and on the
other hand reduce the cost to the consumers
of the country.
This is all I wish to say, and therefore I
withdraw my amendment to the amendment,
saying, however, that I should have preferred
that the committee should have put the duty
on these articles at a lower rate than the one
they have.
Mr. COOK. Before the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Ivassox] withdraws his amendment
to the amendment, I wish to ask him whether
his argument would not apply with equal force
to the introduction of all foreign wools which
may be manufactured in this country.
Mr. KASSON. The answer to that is, that
we produce an amount of wool in this country
that is probably adequate to thjj^consumption
of the country. That is not the case in refer-
ence to shoddy and rags. There is a species
of wool which we introduce largely for the
purpose of mixing with the wools of this coun-
try ; yet there is a respectable duty placed
upon them by this bill.
Mr. COOK. It seems tome that this shoddy
wool, which I am informed, though I have no
knowledge upon the subject, is imported into
this country in great quantities from the Brit-
ish Provinces, doe.s come in direct competition
with the wool of this country. In so far as it
is used in the manufacture of woolen fabrics
it necessarily comes in competition with the
wool-growing interests of the country. I insist
' that there is no force in the argumentaddressed
to this committee by the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kassox] in relation to shoddy, that it has
110 value until manufactured. The same argu-
ment might with equal force be addressed to
the committee in favor of the importation of
unmanufactured wool, because when manufac-
tured it makes an article tfiat is valuable. But
shoddy makes an article that is not valuable,
because it deteriorates the article in which it
is placed, which article1 might- otherwise be
valuable.
Let me state another reason why I hope to
see a heavy duty placed upon shoddy. Our
western manufactures have grown up to some
extent during the war. Many branches of
manufacture in my own State which before the
war were scarcely able to live, have since the
war commenced done well. By the establish-
ment of woolen manufactories in the Vest the
cost of transporting the wool from the West to
the East, as well as the cost of transporting the
manufactured article from the East to the West,
is saved. In the West operatives can be fed
at an expense of some thirty-three and one third
per cent, less than it costs to feed them in New
England. There is no reason why the manu-
facturers of the West should not prosper except
that, manufacturing wool, they come into com-
petition with the manufacturers of this cheap
article, shoddy. I affirm, sir, that no western
manufacturer .can successfully compete with
eastern manufactured goods, when he manu-
factures wool solely or chiefly, while the goods
which come into competition with his are man-
ufactured to, a large extent of shoddy. The
question, therefore, with reference to the duty
upon shoddy is simply the question whether
the manufacturers of the western country shall
live or whether they shall not live.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. KASSON. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the words
"twenty-five" and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "thirty.'' I hope this question will not
be disposed of without due consideration on
the part of the committee. What is the par-
ticular proposition of the bill now under dis-
cussion ? It is,that "on woolen rags.shoddy,
mungo, waste, and flocks the duty shall be
twelve cents per pound." We are gravely told
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ivel-
ley] that we should encourage the importation
into this country of the old rags and cast-off
clothing of Europe, (bringing with thein, as
my colleague [Mr. Bingham] suggests, the itch,
the small-pox, and yellow fever,) in order that
this foreign refuse maybe remanufactured into
blankets and the finer qualities of clothing.
Why, Mr. Chairman, what is this shoddy, this
refuse from Europe, that is to be brought here
to increase our manufactures? It is an arti-
cle that may be bought at from five to ten
cents per pound. I will not pretend to speak
with precision as to the price, for I am not
familiar with the traffic.
Mr. COOK. It can be bought for about
twelve cents per pound.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My friend from
Illinois informs me that it sells for twelve cents
per pound. This bill proposes that it shall
be imported at a duty of twelve cents on the
pound; so that its cost when brought into the
country will be about twenty-four cents per
pound.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to state a single fact in reference to the
price of this article? Our Army-cuttings sold
during the war for sixty-five cents a pound,
being used for making shoddy-wool. Hence
the shoddy could hardly be sold for twelve
cents a pound.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Why, Mr.
Chairman, I am a little surprised at the re-
marks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The Army-cuttings to which he refers are not
even American shoddy. They are the waste frag
ments of new cloth, cloth never worn, never
rotted, never contaminated by contagion or dis-
ease. Henee the remark of the gentleman has
nothing to do with the question before us. The
question is whether the old rags and worn-out
clothes of Europe shall be imported into this
country at a low rate of duty for the purpose
of breaking down the wool interests of this
country. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cook] informs me that he has now here a
specimen of shoddy which is offered for sale
in Boston at twelve cents per pound, so that
with the duty proposed in this bill this article
can be imported at a cost of twenty-four cents
per pound. I can understand what may be the
interest of those whom the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, represents, but that is not the
interest of the western States, nor of the coun-
try generally.
I do not propose to weary the committee
with a discussion of the inexpediency of en-
couraging a foreign fraud, as we do by inviting
the importation of foreign shoddy. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania says our old stock-
ings and all the cast-off rags of the country will
be taken to bo manufactured into bridal blank-
ets and baby clothes, and the gentleman, not
satisfied with that, proposes to invite the shoddy
and rags of Europe to come in upon us. I am
opposed to any such thing. Instead of twenty-
five I hope the duty will be made thirty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I am some-
what surprised that we can all of us be so elo-
quent on so uninspiring a subject. Now, the
duty proposed in this bill on shoddy is four times
what it ever was before. It is a duty with which
the wool-grower himself is entirely satisfied. It
is proposed by him and by nobody else.
I will say to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. -
Gbinnell] that the increase he has proposed
will not prevent our having foreign shoddy.
The only difference will be that under his
amendment it will be manufactured by foreign
manufacturers instead of by our own man-
ufacturers. If you prohibit this raw material
from coming in our manufacturers cannot use
it, but of course foreign manufacturers can
use it. We cannot discriminate in a tariff on
woolens in reference to this subject of shoddy.
It will take sharper eyes than the members of
this House have to say when goods are made
partly of shoddy and partly of wool.
Again, theamountmanufactured inthiscoun-
try is inconsiderable. We have not reached
that perfection in its manufacture which is
obtained abroad, and the quantity, therefore,
produced, amounting to something, is yet in-
considerable with that made by British man-
ufacturers. It is also used for other purposes
than for the manufacture of cloth. It is used
for paper-hangings, borderings, and fire-boards,
giving the velvet appearance to wall-paper and
borderings, and it is also used for various other
purposes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will inquire
whether, if we produce enough of wool in this
country to carry on the manufactures of the
country, the old clothing and old woolen goods
will not supply all demand for shoddy.
Mr. MORRILL. The fact is, the wool grower
in this country is protected upon this article to
the fullest extent he would be if wool were
used. Take the ax-ticle of wool coming from
Cordova, the common mestiza wool, valued at
fifteen cents per pound: the specific duty of
ten cents per pound and ten per cent, ad va-
lorem makes it eleven and a half cents per
pound, and we give twelve cents on shoddy;
so that if the manufacturer uses shoddy, the
wool-grower gets about a half cent more pro-
tection than he would if wool only were to be
used.
Mr. BROMWELL. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania or the gentleman from Ver-
mont how France cheated England by prohib-
iting the importation of woolen rags.
Mr. MORRILL. France tried to keep the
raw material from going out of the country in
order to manufacture it herself.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. MORRILL. I will only add that the
wool-growers themselves have' no interest in
raising this above the duty on wool.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. G-R1NNELL. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting "twenty" instead of
"twenty-five;" and on that I wish to say
simply a word or two. The gentleman from
