1552'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
• Mr. STEVENS. Who pays for the book
now?
Mr. LAFLIN. We do.
Mr. STEVENS. The people pay for it.
Mr. LAFLIN. We, the agents of the people,
compel the Governriient to pay for it; of course
the people most pay for it, but we make them
do it whether they want to do so or not. I do
not wish it to be understood that the arrange-
ment! have suggested shall apply to the books
that arc now ordered, or which may be ordered
this year.- •
The Commissioner of Patents has insisted,
with a pertina city "which it has been exceedingly
difficult for the committee to resist that we
should give him fifteen thousand copies. Tet
we have concluded to cut down the number of
copies for him to ten thousand.
Mr. CONKLING. It is proposed that fif-
teen thousand copies of this book shall be dis-
tributed to the people. ,1 skould like to .be in-
formed why the Commissioner of Patents should
distribute ton thousand copies and the members
of this House only five thousand copies.
Mr. LAFLIN. Because the Commissioner
of Patents is supposed to know better the class
of people interested in this Patent Office Report.
And it is found by experience that the mechan-
ics and inventors of this .country are constantly
applying to the Commissioner of Patents for
tnte very book. ' •.
Mr. CONKLING. Roesthegentlcman mean
to say that the .Commissioner of Patents or any
other officer of this Government knows more
than a member of Congress? [Laughter.]
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly hot; not in gen-
eral matters; but he may, perhaps, on some
speciality.
Mr. CONKLING. On what?
Mr. LAFLIN. I venture to assert that he
knows more about a water-wheel, for instance.
I believe I have stated to the House all the
facts connected with this matter. It is for the
House now to determine whether wo will wait
over a year for the publication of the Agricul-
tural Report and other books which have been
or may be ordered, or whether it will make a
commencement in cutting down the orders
already made.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. LaiviN]
if'"to" knows how many patents have beer? is-
sued, howmueh money has been paid by invent-
ors to secure those patents, and if he consid-
ers it too much for the Government to furnish
each man who has thus paid for a patent a copy
of this Mechanical Report.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am very sorry that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] should
have been misled by anything I have slated.
We do not propose to do anything of the kind
he suggests.
In regard to why we allow the Commissioner
of Patents more copies for distribution than is
allowed to the House of Representatives, I
think I have fully stated the facts. Let it bo
clearly understood that if the House adopts the
report of the committee, the country will bo
saved the sum of $128,700, a saving which,
even ip these days, when men talk of their
thousands of millions, will certainly be grate-
fully accepted by our constituency, already
groaning under a load of debt " grievous to be
borne." And as this is a mere question of
fact, and not one of principle, I think I will do
no injustice to any one to call, as I now do, the
previous question.
Mr. G Hf KN ELL. Will the gentleman with-
draw the call for the pmjous question for a
few moments?
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly.
Mr. GRINNELL. I simply wish to say, as
it was at my suggestion that this number, ten
thousand, was inserted, that I subscribe to every
sentiment uttered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, [Mr. Lafltx".] I believe
tfeere gjjould be a reduction in the amount of
.our jpublje printing. I am willing to forego
all the copies Jhe Patent Office Report that
ar.® 'to me, if we can get at an
early date tfeose docw&ents which the country
really requires and demands. I hope the num-
ber of thisTeport will be cut down, and that we
shall have an increase of the number of copies
of a report which is required by the country at
large.
As the gentleman has spoken of the expense
of the Government for paper, I would like to
call the attention of the House to some other
documents which we have published for our
use. Here is one called "Daily Order of
Business." The copy which I hold in my
hand is composed of eighteen pages of very
fine paper, while only six of the pages have
anything printed on them for us to read. That
has been customary ever since I have been in
Congress, at a cost of thousands and thousands
of dollars to the Government for a useless pur-
pose.
Mr. LAFLIN resumed the floor?
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for five or ten minutes?
Mr. 'LAFLIN. I will.
Mr. KELLEY. I agree to every suggestion
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Lafun] which goes to the end of true economy.
But I think beginning retrenchment with the
Mechanical Report is beginning at the least
proper point, taking in view the whole range
of public printing.
I represent a district in which there are im-
mense machine-shopS, works of engineering,
&c., and there is not an apprentice boy in my
district that does not value the Mechanical
Report and does not study it. There is no book
sent out by this Government which does so
much to improve the condition and promote
the welfare of the whole community as the
Mechanical Report. We have to compote with
chcap labor, and we do it by the force of ideas.
And if the British or the French Government
disseminated knowledge upon the subject of
patents and inventions as we do, we would have
a more difficult competition to overcome than
we now have.
After the World's Fair at London, the ridi-
cule and odium thrown theretofore upon our
country by the Times, Punch, and all the jour-
nals of Europe, were completely wiped out by
declarations made by, them that Europe had
gathered more ideas from the American depart-
ment of that Exhibition than from all the rest.
It was owing to our patents, inventions, and
contrivances, the knowledge of which this re-
port of the Patent Office' carries to our inge-
nious people, that those foreign journals were
led to make that significant admission.
They are welcomed in every workshop, and
studied by every apprentice. You will find
them in our drawing-schools, for purposes of
instruction, and 1 venture to say that there is
not a gentleman on this floor, the conveniences
of whose home, and the methods of whose
business have not been improved and facili-
tated by the distribution of these Mechanical
Reports. Though I represent in pj,rt an agri-
cultural district, and have a demand for three
hundred or four hundred of the Agricultural
Report, since this session commenced I have
gladly exchanged two copies of the Agricul-
tural Report for one copy of the Mechanical
Report to send to the engineers and young
men in my district who want them to educate
them for their business.
I do not ask that the number of the Agricul-
tural Report shall be reduced; but I do ask
that much of the extravagant printing of this
Government shall be done away with. The
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Giiinsell] has very
properly called attention to one item, this " Or-
der of Business." All these eighteen pages
could be dispensed with, and the whole of it
put on one page, and then be easily read by
any one of us without our spectaclcs. Let us
attend to such extravagances as those before
we strike out the only means we have of stim-
ulating and educating the rising genius of the
country in the mechanic arts.
Mr. LAFLIN. I no w renew the demand for
the previous question.
The pi-evious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon agreeing to the resolu-
tion reported from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ROSS. 1 should like, if tliefe was any
way to do it, to increase the number of copies
for members of Congress, and not have so many •
for the Commissioner of Patents. As the res-
olution now stands, he is allowed twice as many
as all the members of the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. CONKLING. It would be far better to
have it reversed.
Mr. LAFLIN. If there is no objection, I
would agree to making it seven thousand five
hundred copies for the Commissioner of Pat-
ents and seven thousand five hundred copies for
the use of the House. *
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thenlmove
to reconsider the vote ordering the main ques-
tion, for the purpose of moving that amend-
ment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr.WASHBURNKj of Illinois. I now move,,
with the consent of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Laflist,] to amend this resolution
so as to give the Commissioner of Patents five
thousand copies and the House of Representa-
tives ten thousand copies jof the Mechanical
Report, with illustrations, for 1865.
Mr. LAFLIN. I consent to that.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I now call'
the previous question oh the amendment and'
resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois, and it was
agreed to.
The resolution as amended was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed ; a^d also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLEB.lt OF WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of
"Ways and Means, submitted the following
report; which was laid upon the table, and
with the accompanying papers ordered to be
printed:
The Committee of "Ways and Means, in obedience
to the resolution of the House of February 26, asking
for certain.information in regard to clerks of commit-
tees, respectfully report that, in the judgment of the
Committee of Ways and Means, their clerk is indis-
pensable for the transaction of its business; and, in
relation to all the other matters included in tl;e in-
quiry, they beg leave to submit the statement of their
clerk, to whom the resolution has been referred: and
so far as is known to the committee it is truthful and
accurate.
Committee-Room Ways axdMeasts,
House of Representatives, March 10,1868.
Sie : In answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives calling for certain information in
relation to my duties as clerk to the Committee of
Ways and Means, to which you have directed my
attenti on and requested a statement, I have the honor
to reply that I come to the 'committee-room at nine
o'clock every morning, frequently earlier, unless
there is business of the committee to be transacted at
some one or more of the Departments, and remain
almost invariably until the adjournment of the
House;' that I have continuous employment until
the session of the House atnoon and afterward, and
until the adjournment am engaged on the various
bills, resolutions, petitions, and statistics diafted,
presented, filed, and considered by the whole com-
mittee or some of the sub-commit tees. Three nights
during the weekare spent at my room upon commit-
tee work. During this session I hare been engaged
at your room upon work of committee exclusively.
I have also spent several evenings at your room upon
the work of the committee.
The time I have been engaged for the members of
the eonumittee during the sessions of committee and
House will not exceed ten hours for the entire session
of Congress.
At the commencement of this Congress I rendered
some assistance to one of the important committees
of the House, which was principally done at nig-htj
and did not in any way interfere with the work of
my own committee.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEOR&E* A. BASSETT.
Clerk, &c.
Hon. Justin S. Morbikd, Chairman Committee Way a
and Means, House of ^Representatives.
FLAG PRESENTED FROM LYONS, FRANCE.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from Hon. William H. Seward
