72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Rousseau.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
juration, or purpose of overthrowing or interfering
with the rights or established institutions of those
States, but todefend and maintain the supremacy of
the Constitution and to preserve the Union, with all
the dignity, equality, and rights of the several States
unimpaired; and that a3 soon as these objects are
accomplished the war ought to cease."
Mr. ROUSSEAU. The day after the battle
of Bull Run that resolution, as I understand,
was adopted by this House. The nation then
trembled for its safety, and no one could tell
how this war would end. The people of the
United States then wanted every loyal man to
come up to the work, and show that he regarded
his allegiance to the General Government as
paramount to everything else. The country
needed help then. And we in the South went
forth on that platform, and we fought through
this war upon it.
I shall not forget what occurred the day we
heard of the result of the battle of Bull Run.
I was then in camp "Joe Holt," with perhaps
fifteen hundred enlisted soldiers, without a tent,
without food, without money, and without
credit. I remember the night on which the
news of the battle of Bull Run was received in
Louisville. The enemies of the Government
held a meeting in that city, and a speech was
made by a Mr. Symral, who afterward joined
the rebellion. He congratulated the audience
on the result of that battle, and said that " Our
enemies have been beaten and driven from the
field." Some one who happened to think of
it, said, '' What will now become of Rousseau's
brigade?" And they almost stamped the house
down in derision of what would become of the
handful of men I had under my command.
But when this resolution of the House, intro-
duced by Mr. Crittenden, so loved and honored
by every Kentuckian, came out, it strength-
ened the southern men in the cause of their
country. They told the people that this was
not a war for subjugation, for degradation of
the southern people, but a war for the preser-
vation of the Government, and to restore the
Federal authority all over the land.
Let me ask the gentleman if, at any time
before the battle of Bull Run, or soon after it,
when you were in want of men for your Army,
they had been told that the Union was to be
dissolved at any rate, whether we suppressed
the rebellion or not, how many men South would
have taken up arms to fight in such a cause?
Not one, sir; not one. I would have laid down
my life before I would have done it. I would
not have turned against my own people in a
mere sectional war, for 1 love my own section
best. I would not join the North as a mere
section in a war against my people. The war
recently closed never was a war between the
North and the South ; it was the United States
against its domestic enemies. Yet, sir, men
who have stood true to the G overnmcnt through-
out all this contest, and have been duly and
legally elected to seats here, are refused admis-
sion to this House as members. Not only that,
sir, but I noticed the other day a degree of
hesitancy on the part of gentlemen here to ex-
tend to these honorable and loyal men, com-
ing here as Representatives, the mere right to
' sit on this floor till their cases shall be decided.
And two days ago there was an absolute flat
refusa) to admit the Arkansas delegation to
the privileges of this floor till their cases were
determined.
Mr. Speaker, I wonder whether gentlemen,
in casting that vote, knew that they were re-
pulsing and closing their doors upon men in that
Arkansas delegation who have fought in defense
of the Government for three years. When
members voted against the admission of May-
nard and Leftwitch and Campbell and Hawift
ins and Cooper and Stokes, 1 wonder whether
they knew the important services which those
men have rendered to the Government. Maynard
you have had with you in times of your trepi-
dation. When you wanted help you would take
these men from the South, if they came here
but half elected. They now come here wholly
elected, and, as I contend, fairly elected, and
you reject them. Campbell, of Tennessee, was
a colonel in the United States Army, and dur-
ing the Mexican war led his regiment in the
capture of the '' Bishop's Palace'' at Monterey.
He has stood true to the Government up to this
hour. How is it as to Cooper? Sir, a little
over one year ago the terrible conflict between
Thomas and Hood took place at Nashville. I,
with my force, at Murireesboro, was cut off
from communication with my commander-in-
chief; and on the 14th day of December, 1864,
exactly one year prior to the day on which the
vote was taken refusing him a seat iD this House,
Cooper slept in my tent to escape hanging by
Hood's army, having been driven from his
home by its approach. Leftwitch has gone
through a similar ordeal. Stokes was for weeks
hiding out in the woods to keep from being
hanged; and afterward he raised a regiment and
fought, bravely for his country. But now, when
the war is over and the rebellion suppressed,
these men come, and you tell them that they
cannot be admitted upon this floor as Repre-
sentatives of their State.
"Enemies!" WThy sir, I ask myfriend from
Ohio [Mr. Delaxoj when our enmity to the
Government began.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. In a moment.
Sir, my State seceded after a fashion. We
had for a time a provisional governor. Gen-
eral Bragg, with his army, inaugurated a rebel
governor in the capital of the State, and took
the State out of the Union in a certain way.
But, sir, will the gentleman tell me that this
made me an enemy of the Government? Will
he tell me that the man from Tennessee or
Mississippi or Alabama who fought on the side
of the Government throughout the war was an
enemy because some of the disloyal citizens of
his State claimed that they had carried the State
out of the Union? Why, sir, when did our
enmity begin? Did it begin at Shiloh, or Per-
ryville, at Stone River, Chattanooga, orDonel-
son? Not a battlehas been fought in the West,
and not one in the East, without some southern
blood curiching the soil, blood freely poured
out for preserving the integrity of the Union.
I deny the whole doctrine. I utterly repu-
diate it. 1 look with utter scorn upon the doc-
trine that any mortal man can make me an
enemy to my country in fact or in law. The
doctrine is false in law, false in logic, and utterly-
false in fact.
The truth, sir. is that the war is over, and we
have peace in the country. We have a differ-
ent state of things. I am uot disappointed ex-
cept when I come into this Hall and hear the
venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] tell us that the organic law of the
Union must be amended to keep the Repulican
party in power.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. SHANKLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. 1 have a little more to
say.
Mr. SHANKLIN. I yield to my colleague
to finish his remarks.
Mi. ELDRIDGE. I hope it will be under-
stood it will not come out of the time of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Sha\klin.]
J. hope the courtesy will be extended to the
gentleman who has been speaking to finish his
remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
any motion for an extension of time.
Mr. CONKLING. I will make that motion,
with the understanding that gentlemen who
have been alluded to and put in a position they
do not occupy shall also have an opportunity
to deny or modify what has been said in regard
to them.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will be allowed to finish his speech
without any condition. It has been accorded
to us on this side, and ought to be accorded to
him.
Mr. SMITH. That is right.
The SPEAKER stated, there being no ob-
jection, it would be ordered accordingly.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am much obliged for
the courtesy, and I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Dklaxo] for a word of explanation.
Air. DELAN O. Mr. Speaker, I have listened
with pleasure to the remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Rousseau.] I have also
heard with approbation portions of his speech.
He has proceeded under a palpablp and mani-
fest misunderstanding of my opinion in refer-
ence to the condition of the States lately in re-
bellion. He regards me as concurring in the
opinion that these States are out of the Union,
or, to use the compact and forcible language of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, "dead;"
and seems to infer that I agree in the natural
and inevitable consequences of that position.
Some of these consequences I will allude to.
If these States are dead, they are without law,
except through military authority; and it is the
duty of Congress at once to provide territorial
governments for them or to recognize such gov-
ernments as their people have setup and estab-
lished. Without doing one or the other of these
things, and granting that the States are dead
and civil |overnment entirely destroyed, these
communities are in chaos, subject only to the
law of power. Nothing can do me greater in-
justice than thus to interpret my remarks.
If hereafter I shall be fortunate enough to
obtain the floor, I propose to placc my views
fully before the House and the country on this
subject. At present, I will but say that I repu-
diate entirely, as groundless and unsustainable,
the position that the Statesare "dead." They
live, as integral parts of this Union. They are
States for the purposes of local and State gov-
ernment ; and to a certain extent are in actual
harmonious relation with the other States form-
ing the E'ederal Union. I hope soon to see
each one fit for restoration and actually restored
to all its privileges and relations under the
Constitution of the United States. The time
allowed for this explanation is too brief to go
further into this subject at present.
While discussing the question of claims of
citizens of the States lately in rebellion grow-
ing out of the destruction or appropriation of
property by our Army and Navy during the war,
I took occasion to place the refusal to pay a
certain class of such claims on the ground that
it was impossible to distinguish correctly be-
tween loyal and disloyal claimants. While en-
larging upon this point, I was interrupted by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Co.nk-
linoJ with this inquiry, whether in a legal view
merely there was any difference between loyal
and disloyal persons as to the legal liability of
the Government, the gentleman from New
York observing that he asked the question in
view of the Supreme Court decision in what are
termed the "prize eases." To this inquiry I
replied substantially, that as matter of law,
merely, I knew of no distinction ; that the
decision alluded to treated all the inhabitants
of the rebel States in a certain sense as ene-
mies, and hence I inferred that we . might
legally refuse to pay for all property taken or
destroyed in suppressing the rebellion when
owned by citizens of States in rebellion. In
my report, however, I chose to put the refusal
of Congress to pay for such property upon the
ground of difficulty in distinguishing between
the loyal and disloyal claimants rather than
upon this rigid legal rule. The gentleman from
Kentucky has proceeded upon the supposition
that the term "enemy" in the prize cases was
used by me as signifying an enemy to the Gov-
ernment, a public or foreign enemy. Nothing
is more foreign to my meaning than such an
interpretation. This will lead me to say that,
so far as I have heard, the "prize cases" re-
ferred to, during the debates upon reconstruc-
tion, it seems to me that the law of those cases
