1860.
i THE (X)N(jrJ.IESSIONAL GLOBE.
1558
in relation to a flag of the United States re-
ceived from the working people of the city of
Lyons, France; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
commodore kadi'okd.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, also
presented a communication from tlie Secretary
of State in relation to a decoration proposed
to be conferred upon Commodore William Rad-
ford by the King of Italy for assistance ren-
dered to the Italian frigate lie d'Italia; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered'to be printed.
TEXXESgEE.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolutions:
Whereas by the information received through the
investigations of the committee on reconstruction
and through other channels, it is the sense of this
House thai the people of the State of Tonnc^ee are
in acondit ion to entitlethem to representation herein:
Therefore, '
Resolved, That the committee on reconstruction be,
And the samois hereby, relieved from the further con-
sideration of ail matters pertaining to the represen-
tation of the State of Tennessee in thib House.
t A'csolved, That the ci edeutiul* of the Repiesenta-
tives-electfroniMiid State be, and the same n re hereby,
referred to the Committee of Elections with leave to
report at any time, and with instructions to rcportas
soonaspr;vcticable upon the "elections, returns, and
qualifications of" each of said Represcntatives-elect
as presented, prima facie, by said credentials.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order
only on Monday.
MENAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Foiixey, its Secretary, notify ing the House
that that bod}- had passed bills and a joint res-
olution of the following titles, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House :
An act (S. No.-2(>) to encourage telegraphic,
communication between the United States and
the island of Cuba and other West India islands
and the Bahamas;
An act (8. No. 140) for the relief of Thomas
F. Wilson, late United States consul at Baliia,
Brazil;
An act (S. No. lf5o) more effectually lo pro-
vide for the punishment of cert am crimes against
the United States; and
Ajoin|resoliUion (S. II. No. -r>0) in relation to
the publication of the laws of the United States.
Also that it hud passed a bill of 1be House
(No. 57) authorizing the Secretaries of War and
the Navy to place bulks ami vessels at the dis-
posal of comnii vMoners of quaiantine. or other
proper authorities, at ports of the United States,
with amendments, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
NJlHIT bESSIOXS.
Mr. PRICE. 1 ask leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
llftaJcd, That until otherwise ordered evening
sessions shall be held on Tuesday and Thursday even-
ings of each week for the purpose of allowing com-
mittees to report in the regular order.
Mr. WASHBUUNEj of Illinois. I object to
that resolution. We are getting on rapidly with
our business without night sessions, and are
far ahead of the Senate.
Dt'flAX's IXFAXTRY TACTICS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask leave to
intioduee the following resolution :
RevoJcff, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of au-
thonzini? the .Secretary of War to puichase for the
use of the Annv of the United States a certain num-
ber of copies of a work upon infantry tactics prepared
by Colonel Jamc^Dutran. and which has been recom-
mended by Lieutenant General Grant and Generals
Ainyur, Hunter, Kiddoo, and others: and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
I am advised by military gentlemen that the
work referred to in the resolution t have just
introduced is an absolute necessity as a book
of instruction. It is recommended by the high-
est hiilitary authorities, and I present these to
the House in support of the resolution. With
the^ before the House I cannot doubt but it
will meet with unanimous approval.
39th Cong 1st Se^s —"No. 98.
They are as follows:
Infantry Tactics for the instruction, exercise, and
maneuvers of the soldier, a company, line of skir-
mbheiN or a battalion. Designed for the use of
academies, colleges, officers, and non-commissioned
officers, schools. Based upon Brigadier General Ca-
sey's system, approved by the President, August 11,
1862. By Colonel James Dusan,
Headquarters Armies of the United States,
Washington, D. C., March 14,1806.
The system of instruction in infantry tactics pre-
pared by Colonel Dugan, will no doubtsupply awant
which has been felt in schools where this subject has
been taught. It is well calculated to facilitate the
labors of those engaging in instructing the militia
and non-commissioned officers of the Armv.
U. S. GRANT,
Lieutenant General United States Army.
I think it admirably adaptedforschoolsandforthe
use of non-commissioned oflicers in the Army, and
for our militia organizations.
C. C. AUGUR,
Major Gn\cral United States Army.
LOVELL U. ROUSSEAU,
La'e Majoi General Volunteers,
Headquarters Garrison Washington,
March 1, LH(K>.
Sir: Onacareful examination ofyour catechism of
Casey's Tactics I am convinced it is a good idea and
should be adopted for schools both of oflicers and
men. Twenty years' experience as a company officer
has made me feel that ju3t such a book as yours is
much needed by the Army. It will be useinl in all
military organizations, and I commend it to them.
F. T. BENT,
Brigadier General Commanding.
Colonel .Tamfs Dugan.
I fully concur with the above.
D. HUNTER,
Brevet Ma jor General United States Army.
I cordially indorse the view?andrccomnicndations
of Generals Dent and llunter.
G. GRANGER,
Late Major General United Stated Volunteers.
I have examined this work with c.ire, and take
great pleasure in giving it as my opinion that it is
most admirably adapted io the object for winch xt is
intended, namely, a text-book for schools and acade-
mies where infantry tactics are taught, and for the
instruction of ollieers and non-commissioned officers
in the Army. The compiler does not pro-time to add
to, i akefrom, or interpolate Carey's Taeties as author-
ized by the WarDepartment, butonlv introduces ap-
propriate questions to each paragraph.
J. JJ. KIDDOO,
Brcrct Major General United State* Volunteers.
The resolution was agreed to.
CASCADE IlAIl/KOAI) CO.UPAXY.
On motion of Mr. T1ENDI5USONT. Senate
bill No. 105, to grant the right of way to tlic
Cascade Uailroad Company through a military
reservation in Washington Territory, ivastaken
from the Speakei's table, read a lirst and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
A. J. OKAY.
On motion of Mr. FARQUHAR, Senate bill
No. 180, for the relief of A. J. Gray, was taken
from the Speaker's table, road a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
EMMA J. HALL.
On motion of Mr. FARQUHAIt, Senate bill
No. IS], for tin; relief of Emma .1. Hall, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Invalid Pensions.
PENNSYLVANIA IVAli CLATM .
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House now resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole for the pur-
pose of considering the special order.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the W hole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
WASimniXE, of Illinois, in the chair.) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
860, to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania
for moneys advanced Government for war
purposes.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend in line
eight by striking out ''nine" and inserting
•'eight,'' so that it shall read " £81)0,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. This bill passed this House
on a former occasion, and was lost between the
two Hons.es.
In 1863", at the time of the invasion of Penn-
sylvania, the States of Pennsylvania, New
York, and New Jersey sent a large number of
troops under the proclamation of the President
and at the call of the Governors of the differ-
ent States to cooperate in repelling that inva-
sion. They were-in the service, under the Com-
mand of officers of the United States. After ,
the battle of Gettysburg, and the troops'had*
withdrawn, they went on to settle the amount
under the act of 1861, which authorized the
Treasurer to pay them. Fifteen million dollars
had been appropriated for the purpose of set-
tling all such debts by the act of February 25,
1802. In adjusting the accounts it was found
that the accounts claimed and allowed to the
States of New York and New Jersey absorbed
the whole $15,000,000 and a few dollars more.
The few dollars due to New Jersey have since
been paid.
At the time of the adjustment Pennsylvania
agreed that she would-allow her claim to re-
main back until the other States had been paid. .
As the invasion was in her territory it was
thought that her troops should.be last paid.
But the $15,000,000 had run out, and the Sec-
retary of War and the President telegraphed to
the Governor of Pennsylvania asking him to
raise the money to pay the troops, and prom-
ising that at the meeting of Congress payment,
would be recommended. There was nothing
in the treasury at the disposal of the Governor,
so he went to Philadelphia and raised from a
few gentlemen there about seven hundred thou-
sand dollars and paid the troops. The accounts
were since adjusted in the Department hero on
the 4th of January, 1884. The amount allowed
is $071,470. It is that amount with the interest
duo to those individuals which has since been
paid by the State of Pennsylvania that it is pro-
posed lo pay. Pennsylvania has paid it, and that
State is now substituted for these individuals.
I will have the Clerk read some correspond-
ence on the subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:  
War Department,
Washington City, January 4,1864.
Sir: The Department has this day received returns
of the amounts required for the payment of the mili-
tia called out tor the defonbo of tho State of Pennsyl-
vania on tho 26th of Juno, 1863, against the invasion
bv the rebel forces under command of General Lee.
There beini; no appropriation outof which thesepay-
ments eoutil be made at the time, they were required,
patiioticcilizensot Philadelphia advanced themoney,
and it, is proper that they should be reimbursed with-
out delay. I would respectfully recommend, there-
toie, that an immediate appropriation for that pur-
pose be made. A copy of a letter of the Second Au-
ditor of tho Treasury is hciewith communicated,
showitiff tho amount of claims audited by him to be
S>iiTl,-17C 43 up to date. It is supposed that $700,000
will cover the whole amount of these claims.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War,
Hon. Thakdecs Stevens,
Chairman Committee and Means.
Wasiiixgtox, -ht.lv 21,1863.
J. Tt. Fry, Chairman Union League, Philadelphia :
All that is necessary is that tho Governor of Penn-
sylvania should see that the'eompany pay-rolls are
properly made out and certified. This being done, the
amount due is readily ascertained, and can bo paid;
and the pay-rolls will furnish the proper official
vouchor of the payment. This Department will lay
before Congress at tho commencement of the session
■an estimate to cover the amount, and request the ap-
propriation. The matter has been arranged in this
way in other States, and lias been productive of no
delay or complaint when the Governors have given
their attention to it, and been that the muster-rolls
are properly made out.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
{Secretary of War.
Treasury Department,
Second Auditor's Office, January 4,1864.
Sir: Respecting the claim of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, amounting to ^671.47(> 43, tor payments made to
the militia called out under the proclamation of the
G-nvernor of that State, dated June 26, 1863, i have
the honor to state that the rolls and vouchers for said
payments have been administratively examined m
this office and found in the main correct. Errors and ^
discrepancies amounting to say &2,SOO have been dis-
covered, consisting principally of cases where the-in-
teinal i evenne tax is not deducted, or when deducted
not accounted for.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. 33.3?ilE^NCH 
Second Auditor,
Ifon. E, M. St.vN'TOX, Secretary of 1 far.
