1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*3
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Bousseau.
Ho. of Reps.
has been misapprehended and misapplied. I
will, therefore, undertake briefly to explain
the decision of the court in those cases as I
understand it.
In the first place the court decides—
" That it is not necessary to constitute war that both
parties should be acknowledged as independent na-
tions or sovereign States. A warmay existwhereone
of the belligerents olaims sovereign rights as against
the other."
This principle leads the court to say, in an-
other place—
"That it is a proposition never doubted that the
belligerent party who claims to be sovereign may ex-
ercise both belligerent and sovereign rights."—Prize
Gases, 673.
Hence, it follows that belligerent rights are
granted by the pa,rty claiming to be sovereign
to the party in insurrection, pendente bellvm,
in order to mitigate the cruelties and misery
produced by the scourge of war. Wherefore,
the court say in these cases—
"This being the case, it is very evident that the com-
mon laws of war—those maxims of humanity, moder-
ation, and honor—ought to be observed hyboth par-
ties in every civil war."—Pages 666, 607.
It is perfectly clear, therefore, that the grant-
ing of belligerent rights, the exchange of pris-
oners, the exchange, of flags of truce, and all
other acts of humanity in mitigation of the cruel-
ties of war, which were exercised and approved
by the United States, did not convert the insur-
gent States into a foreign nation nor constitute
them foreign States which we are authorized
to say have been subjugated.
Now in regard to the word "enemy" as used
in these cases the court says:
"All persons residing within this territory whose
property may he used to increase the revenue of the
hostile power, are in this contest to be treated as ene-
mies, though not foreigners,"—Page 674,
And again;
"But in defining the meaning of enemy's property
we will be led into error if wo refer to Meta or Lord
Coke for their definition of the word enemy. It is a
technical phrase, peculiar to prize courts, and depends
upon principles of public policy as distinguished from
the common law."
It is perfectly apparent from a careful exam-
ination of this case that the court applied the
word enemy to the people of the States in re-
bellion in the limited and technical sense "pe-
culiar to prize courts." That is, the property
of all of tlie citizens of these States was subject
to capture and condemnation during the war,
because such property might increase the rev-
enue of the hostile power, and because the
United States Government had a right and was
bound to putdown this power; and by analogy
the Army might, 1 suppose, destroy the prop-
erty of all persons residing within the hostile
jurisdiction; and to authorize such capture and
such destruction these persons are to be treated
as enemies, and for no other purpose whatever.
Hence, as the court say, though enemies they
are not foreigners, and that the term is tech-
nical and peculiar to prize courts, and must be
distinguished from its common-law definition.
Therefore the theory fabricated upon this de-
cision, that the people of the southern States
were converted into foreign enemies by the
grant of belligerent rights during the war, or by
subjecting their property to capture on the high
seas and to condemnation, is shown to be base-
less and without law or reason to support it, so
far, at least, as the prize cases are concerned.
I trust the gentleman from Kentucky now
understands in what sense I applied "enemy"
to the inhabitants of the insurrectionary States.
God forbid that I should call those noble, loyal
men of the South, enemies. They have done
more, suffered mbre, endured more than we of
the North for the salvation of our common
country. They are not enemies, therefore, in the
common-law sense of the word, however they
may have been treated during the war under
the decisions of judges of the prize courts. On
the contrary, they are friends; friends of lib-
erty; friends of the Union ; friends of the loyal
people everywhere throughout the Union. And
I shall always be proud of the privilege of tak-
ing these noble men by the hand and calling
them my friends, as tfrey have been thc-friends
of my country.
It will be remembered, Mr. Speaker, that I
offered, a few days since, a resolution granting
to the members-elect from Arkansas the same
courtesy that has been extended the members-
elect from Tennessee. These gentlemen from
Arkansas are loyal and have always been loyal.
They can ta.ke and are now ready to take the
oath required by this House ; their State is re-
organized and civil law is reestablished ; peace
and security exist there. One of these gentle-
men I have known for twenty years, and can
vouch for his loyalty and his honor, yet they
were denied the privilege of coming into this
Hall as citizens; not as members, but as private
gentlemen.
Can we restore the Union by such a course
as this? In regard to Tennessee I am ready
to vote for the admission of her Representa-
tives at once; vote that they shall sit here as
Representatives, as members of this House;
and I believe, sir, it is due to this House and
thecountry that the members-elect fromTeunes-
see and Arkansas should be admitted speedily.
Mr. STEVENS. May I make a suggestion ?
We arc about to adjourn. There are two or
three gentlemen who desire to speak, and there
is but little time. 1 suggest, therefore, that we
take a recess until half past seven o'clock and
meet again for the same purpose.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I desire to speak about
five or ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I mean after that.
Mr. SMITH. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. It is the gentleman's col-
leagues that desire to speak.
Mr. SMITH. I want my colleague to get
through.
Mr. STEVENS. After he gets through, I
mean.
Mr. SMITH. Let him get through.
Mr. STEVENS. You have a right to object
if you choose.
Mr. CONKLING. By the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky I want to add a single
word to the statement of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Dej.ano,] and perhaps I can do it
best by saying, in the beginning, that I disclaim
and deny having expressed any such opinion as
has been attributed to me by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Rousseau.] I have, upon the
particular point which was then under consider-
ation, an opinion which I have held for some
time, and as I have no concealments, 1 should
be very ready to stale it now if I were not oc-
cupying the floor by the courtesy of the gentle-
man from Kentucky. Passing that, I have only
to say that, on the occasion to which he refers,
expressing no opinion myself, intimating no
opinion myself, I simply requested the chairman
of the Committee of Claims to state to the House
and to me what the law was, in his judgment,
upon the point suggested. And I think that it
is quite unwarranted for any gentleman to as-
sume that I held the same opinion expressed
by the chairman of the Committee of Claims,
or an opinion different from him.
One word further, and only one. The ques-
tion upon that occasion was totally foreign to
the question the gentleman is discussing here ;
and I want to say that I have never expressed
the opinion that any loyal man, wherever he
might live, was the enemy of his country in
any sense implied by the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. Far from it. Nor have
I ever expressed an opinion upon the metaphys-
ical question which gentlemen have been dis-
cussing, of the abstract status of these States.
In my judgment, that question is destined to de-
generate into a subordinate question for present
purposes here. It may be a great question in
rhetoric, it may be a great question in history,
it may be a great question before the courts,
and perhaps a great question of state-craft,
although I do not believe it. For the purpose
before the House, I consider the whole argu-
ment as to the particular status, in theory, of
these States, from time to time, an abstraction,
and destined, as I say, to degenerate into a
subordinate question. I have expressed no
opinion upon it, and I wish the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Rousseau] to withdraw his in-
timation with regard to me.
Mr. ROUSSEACJ. _ I have heard with great
pleasure the explanations of the gentlemen as
to the interpretation I placed upon their lan-
guage, but I must still insist, with all kindness
to them, that the record of that matter going
to my people is to this effect and no other, that
they are out off from being heard here in refer-
ence to their claims, as I understand it. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Co.VKi.ixn-]
put in a reason in that report, and suggested
to my friend from Ohio [.Mr- Delano] that
there was no distinction as to the claims referred
to between a loyal man and a disloyal one, if
they lived in a seceded State. That, however,
is explained, and I am happy to hear both the
gentlemen say that they will regard us as loyal,
a,nd that they do not want to make any distinc-
tion between us because we happened tp be one
side of the Ohio river and others happened to
bo on the other. I am glad to have the expla-
nation, and 1 thank the gentlemen for the kind
feelings they have expressed toward the loyal
element of the southern States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a few more words and I
have done. I was going on to say awhile ago
that? we had at the beginning of the war a well-
defined platform upon which wo stood; wo had
a distinctive object in view; we at the South
had an object in view that we never, never lost
sight of; and all the abuse and denunciation
heaped upon us, the charges of being "aboli-
tionists" and "Lincoln hirelings" and "Hes-
sians," were not sufficient to move us. We
stood true to the Government upon the plat-
form which I have read here to-day. But now,
when we have got through with the war, we come
here and find gentlemen in this Hall, Union
men, insisting that the Union shall be consid-
ered as broken up and that the southern States
are either out of the Union or dead. And for
what? Why, sir, that the Republican party
may live! The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] distinctly said a few days ago
that we must amend the Constitution and cither
take away representation from the southern
States or allow the colored population to
vote, and then no alliance between men of the
South and all the copperheads on the face of
the earth could touch the Republican party!
Sir, was it for this that we fought this war?
Was it for this that wo have endured all we of
the South have gone through in struggling for
the Union? They tell us now that the Union is
lost, but they console us by telling us that the
Republican party still lives! Was that what
we fought for? Was it for that that we divided
father against son, and brother against brother
on the battle-field? I again ask, how many of
the southern people would have fought and how
many of the northern |>eople would have fought
on such an issue? Nobody, nobody, except per-
haps the party itself, and I expect only their
leaders would have done it. [A voice—"They
never fight." "J I have nothing to say about them.
I have nothing to say against the Republican
party. But I insist upon it tlmt we ought not
to have had one platform at the beginning of
the war and another one at the end; that we
ought not to have had one platform in the weak-
ness of the nation and another one in its strength;
that we ought not to have had one platform when
the life of the nation was threatened and men-
aced, and another when its enemies are over-
thrown and the rebellion has gone down to its
inglorious grave forever.
The right of secession was denied by all the
Union men in the United States. All the loyal
men in the United States denied that such a
thing was legal; and now, when we have put
down the force which was to accomplish the
secession and maintain the acts that we said
