1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <xLOBE.
2513
exercise of a power which I did not think that
Congress under the Constitution possessed
which constituted the reason why I voted
against the bill, and I see nothing; whatever
in that vote inconsistent with my oft-repeated
declaration that I was in favor of the principle
of the bill, which was also embodied in the bill
which 1 introduced for the purpose of securing
to all the rights of citizenship with whatever
power we possessed.
But now it comes before us in the form of
an amendment to the Constitution, which pro-
poses to give Congress the power to attain this
precise result. I shall vote for that amendment
cheerfully, because I think Congress should
have that power. iSTow, I do not think there
is any inconsistency in these two positions. If
there is, the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] is welcome to all he can make out of it.
I do not feel at all embariassed by it myself.
And I submit to him that it is not of very great
consequence to anybody but myself whether I
am consistent or not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I admit that it is
not of very great consequence whether the gen-
tleman is consistent or not.
But there is one view of this question which
I thought, rendered it proper to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman and .the House to this
subject. The gentleman attempted to justify
his vote, and in doing so referred to the pending
amendment to the Constitution, and attempted
to draw the conclusion that all those who might
vote in favor of this amendment would be stul-
tifying themselves if they had voted for the
civil rights bill in the absence of this amend-
ment. Now, if the gentleman will look to his
remarks carefully, he will find that he referred,
not to the second section, to which ho now
refers, nor to any other section but the first
section, which declares against any discrimina-
tion in the exercise or enjoyment of rights
among citizens of the United States in the sev-
eral States. I quoted the provision of the bill
which he introduced, and which, in addition to
declaring them citizens, declared that they shall
be entitled to all the rights and privileges as
such.
Now, I submit to the gentleman that the
Government of the United States cannot pro-
tect citizens in the enjoyment of these rights
without going within the jurisdiction of the
Slate. A citizen of the United States is al-
ways a citizen of the State in which he resides;
and the rights which he possesses as a citizen
of the United States can only be secured to
him by laws which operate within the State in
which he resides. Now, to show that the same
class of rights were referred to by the gentle-
man, I call attention to the proposition con-
tained in his speech made, I believe, in Jan-
uary last. He said that—
"In the third place, we should provide by law for
giving to the freedmen of the South alt the rights of
citizens in courts of law and elsewhere."
"All the rights of citizens in courts of law
and elsewhere"1 are broader terms than those
used in the first section of the civil rights bill;
but what.I insist upon now is, that the gentle-
man being in favor of conferring these rights
in courts and elsewhere, he must of course
admit the power in the Government to enforce
and protect those rights "in the courts and
elsewhere." Therefore, the subsequent sec-
tions of the civil rights bill were but the result
of that power, affirmed by the Supreme Court
in the decision to which I have referred, to
protect the rights which the citizen possessed.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire to say, in refer-
ence to that point, merely that while in that
speech and elsewhere I did declare myself to
be in favor of extending and securing to all
citizens their rights in courts and elsewhere, I
did not declare myself in favor of the doctrine
that Congress had the power to enforce those
rights by such penalties as is prescribed in the
civil rights bill.
Then, as to invading the jurisdiction of the
States, the gentleman misunderstood me. I
did not mean simply that the civil rights bill
authorized Congress to enter into the territorial
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 158.
jurisdiction of the State, I m cant that it seemed
to me that it trenched upon the exclusive legis-
lative jurisdiction of the Slate. I did not say
or intimate that every member of the House
who voted for this amendment would stultify
his vote for the civil rights bill, nordid I mean
to impugn the motives of any member. I
merely said that it seemed to me that by this
vote the belief could fairly be inferred that
Congress had not now that power.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House, pursuant to order,
took a recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
evening session.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. nr.
ta\' bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Washrurxe, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being a bill of the House (No. 513) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1801, and acts
amendatory thereof.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the seventh section, which is as follows:
Sue. 7. Andbe it further cnactcd, Thatitshall bo tho
duty ot every person, firm, or corporation, manufac-
turing cotton for any purposcwhatever in any district,
where cotton is producod, to return to the assessor
or assistant assessor of the district in which suohman-
ufacture is carried on, a true statement in writing,
signed by him and verified by his oa,thor affirmation,
and a duplicate thereof to the collector of said dis-
trict on or before the 10th day of each month; and
the first statement so rendered shall be on or before
the 10th day of July, 1866, and shall state tho amount
of cotton which such manufacturer had on hand and
unmanufactured, orin process of manufacture, on the
1st day of said month; and each subsequent state-
ment shall show the whole amount in pounds, gross
weight, of cotton purchased or obtained, and the
whole amount consumed by him in any business or
proecss of manufacture during thelastprccedingeat-
cndjir month, and the quantity and chaiacter of the
goods manufactured therefrom ; and every such man-
ufacturer or consumer shall keep a book in which ho
shall enter the quantity, in pounds of cotton, which
he has on hand on the 1st day of July, 1866, and each
quantity or lot purchased or obtained by him there-
after; the time when and the party or parties from
whom the same was obtained: the quantity of said
cotton, if any, which is the growth of the collection
district whoro tho same is manufactured; the quan-
tity, if any, which has not been weighed and marked
by any officer heroin authorized to weigh and mark
the same; the quantity, if any, upon which the t;ix
had not been paid, so far as can be ascertained, be-
fore the manufacture thereof; and also the quanti-
ties used or disposed of by him from time to time in
any proccss of manufacture or otherwise, and the
quantity and character of the product thereof, which
book shall, at all times during business hours, bo
open totheinspection of the assessor, assistant assess-
ors, collector, or deputy collcctors of the district, in-
spectors, or of revenue agents; and such manufac-
turer shall pay monthly to the collector within the
time prescribed by law the tax herein specified, sub-
ject to no deductions, on all cotton so consumed by
him in any manufacture, and on which no excisc
tax lias previously been paid; and every such man-
ufacturer, or person whose duty it is so to do, who
shall neglect or refuse to make such returns to the
assessor or to keep such book, or who shall make false
or fraudulent returns, or make false entries in such
book, or procure the same to be so done, in addition
to the payment of the tax to be assessed thereon shall
forfeit to the United States allcotton and all products
of cotton in his possession, and shall be liable to a
penalty of not less than one thousand nor more than
five thousand dollars, to be recovered with costs of
suit, or to imprisonment not exceeding two years, in
the discretion of the court; and any person or per-
sons who shall make any false oath or affidavit in
relation to any matter or thing herein required shall
be guilty of perjury, and be liable to imprisonment
not less than two years nor more than five years:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed in any manner to apply to or affect the lia-
bility of any person to any tax imposed by law on
the goods manufactured from such cotton.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out in the eleventh line,
on page 7, the word "amount," and inserting
in lieu thereof the word "quantity;" also, by
inserting before the word "quantity," in the
fourteenth line, the word "whole;'" also, by
inserting after the word "quantity," in the
fifteenth line, the word " consumed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I movo
further to amend by striking out in the fifty-
sixth line, on page 9, the words "apply to
or;" also, by striking out after the word "per-
son, "in the same iiue, the word "to," and
inserting in lieu thereof the word " for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J ENCKES. In lines fifty-three and fifty-
four of this section there is a provision that
any person making a false oath or affidavit shall
be guilty of perjury, " and be liable to impris-
onment not less than two years nor more than
five years." I move to strike out the latter
clause of that provision and insert those words:
And shrill bo subject to the punishment proscribed
by existing statutes for that offense.
It is a singular fact, of which the committee
should bo aware, that the statutes of tho United
States prescribe two kinds of penalty for tho
offense of false shearing. The courts of the
United States, not having any common-law
jurisdiction over the offense, are governed by
statutes, and by those alone, and if this pro-
vision of the hill should take effect in the
manner prescribed here it would make a third
statute penalty for the oflensc of false swear-
ing. The existing statutes prescribe a penalty
which is sufficient, being in fact more stringent
than the one proposed hero.
Mr. 1IOOPEH, of Massachusetts. I think
there is no objection to that amendment, and
I hope that it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. S. And he it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of the act of June 30,1864, as amended by the
act of March 3,1865, relating to the assessment of
taxes and enforcing the collection of the same, and
all proceedings and remedies relating thereto, shall
apply to tho assessment and collection of the duty,
lines, and penalties herein imposcd.sofarasthcsamo
are applicable, and not inconsistent with the provis-
ions heiein contained; and that the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, subject to tho approval of iho
Secretary of tho Treasury, shall make all nceessarv
rules and regulations for ascertaining tho weight ot
all cotton to be assessed, and appropriately marking
the same, and generally for carrying into effect tho
foregoing provisions of this act. And the Secretary
of the Treabiuy is authoiizcd to appoint all necessary
inspectors, weighers, and markers of cotton, whoso
compensation shall bo determined by the Commis-
sioner ot Internal Revenue, and paid m the sarao
manner as inspectors of distillod spirits are paid.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out, in the seventh line
of this section, the word " duty," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof tho word "tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
further to amend by striking out in the same
line the word "herein."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I movo
further to amend by striking out in the seventh
and eighth line the words "so far as the same
are applicable."
The amendmept was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the words "herein
contained," in the eighth and ninth lines, and
inserting in lieu thereof the words "of the pre-
ceding sections of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting after the word "im-
posed," in the seventh line, the word "by."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I also
move to amend by inserting before the word
"appropriately," in the twelfth line, the word
"for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out, in the fourteenth line,
the words "of this act."
The amendment was agreed to. ,
Mr. PAINE. I apprehend that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has made a mistake
