1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3473
Pennsylvania and the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have assured this
House there are no wearing properties in
shoddy. It is not denied this shoddy is the
importation of rags worn by Italian beggars
and the cast-off rags of South American bar-
barians. and it is not denied we can get shoddy
enough here at home. I am prepared to say
I know men engaged in the manufacture of
shoddy who wish to conceal the fact, under-
standing that it was disreputable. I have seen
soldiers tear in pieces their clothing made from
what'was supposed to be wool, but which was
made of shoddy, and was almost as tender as
brown paper. Now, sir, does it become the
American Congress to encourage the importa-
tion of that which is so filthy that the board of
health of Ncw^York city was compelled to
remove it, in the shape of imported rags?
Mr. MORRILL. I know the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Giiinxell] is learned in regard to
wool, but he is not quite posted up in relation
to shoddy. Tt is an article that, never has
been worn, being made from woolen rags lorn
to pieces—the chippings from tailor shop:;.
Mungo is the article that the gentleman al-
ludes to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I allude to mungo and
shoddy. The House does not understand what
mungo means, and 1 have not time to explain it.
I am simply stating that there are no wearing
properties in it. It is an imposition, and it ought
so to be regarded, upon the clothes-wearing pub-
lic. There is not a wool-grower nor a clothes-
wearer that asks it. It is an imposition upon
the people. We have imported in the last four
years more than twenty-seven million pounds
of these old rags, not the cuttings of cloth, but
beggars' clothes. And now it is proposed to
have a duty of twelve cents a pound upon the
article, the same as upon strong wool proper
to be worn by a gentleman. 1 say it is un-
equal. J say it is a reproach upon the nation
to encourage it. Therefore, in order to secure
the amendment, if possible, I will modify it
by substituting twenty cents in the place of
twenty-five cents.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I wish the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] wore
better acquainted with this subject.
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not want to be any
better acquainted with shoddy.
Mr. KELLEY- The gentleman never saw an
American soldier clothed in American-woven
shoddy such as he described. We send our
rags to England where they are torn into wool
and woven, and we buy them back again. The
ragged soldiers of our early volunteer army
were clothed in English shoddy cloth. The
grand and well-appointed armies that were
reviewed at the close of the war were clad in
American-made cloth. But I toll the gentle-
man that the western manufacturers will never
diversify their woolen fabrics until they learn
to work up their own old rags. So long as they
gather up and export their woolen rags, to be
bought baelc again in cloth, they cannot diver-
sify their fabrics.
The gentleman cries "shoddy," and would ex-
elude an element of more than twenty branches
of manufacture ; an essential element; in some
three per cent., in others five, and in none more
than fifteen, until you reach the range of dog
blankets and other things which are professedly
shoddy. In many branches of manufacture
you use shoddy alone. Your felt hats yon can-
not make without shoddy. And we are, as I
have said, the only manufacturing people on
the face of the globe that allow their woolen
rags to be exported. 1 agree that there should
be a duty on shoddy, on mungo, and on flocks,
for they are manufactured articles and involve
labor. I deny that there should be a duty on
woolen rags. We export them while we want
them more largely than the people of other
countries. The production of shoddy alone
can give us, as I said before, and as the chair-
man of the committee has well stated, an es-
sential element of embellished papers. These
old rags grace the elegant saloons of this coun-
try and of Europe.
39xh Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 218.
Gentlemen do not understand the facts of
the case. Because we export old rags and
import shoddy cloths they insist upon it that
we must forego a thousand advantages which
science has deduced from them as raw mate-
rial. I ask that in the final action of the com-
mittee they will let this section stand as it is in
regard to '' shoddy, mungo, waste, and flocks,"
but strike out woolen rags, and for this simple
reason, that the presence of that provision in
the bill proclaims us a nation so ignorant of
the elements of manufactures that we prohibit
the importation of that which France, Belgium,
Prussia, and England will not permit to be
exported from their limits.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate upon
this section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Sppaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. ScOFiEU) re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No. TIN,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 313) to regulate the trans-
portation of nilro glycerinc or glynoin oil, and
other substances therein named ;
An act (S. No. .'317) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line lrom the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military and other
purposes,' approved July 1, 1802,'" approved
July 2, 1804;
An act (II. R. No. 18) for the relief of the
members of the thirty-seventh regiment of Iowa
volunteer infantry;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 158) provid-
ing for the settlement of accounts of W. II.
Hamriek ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 12!?) for the
relief of Elizabeth Woodward and George
Cliorpenning, of Pennsylvania ;
A resolution (S. Ii. No. 110) to authorize
the hiring of a building or buildings for tile
temporary accommodation of the Department
of State; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. HO) for the
u construction of a railroad bridge across the
"Cuyahoga river over and upon the Govern-
ment piers at Clcwdand, Ohio.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the House
resumes the consideration of the special order,
the taiiff bill, all debate on the pending sec-
tion shall be terminated in six minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
let us reach the next section of the tariff bill
and then I shall be willing to adjourn.
Mr. WARD. I withdraw my motion.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
ScoriEi.d in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes, the
pending question being upon Mr. Giuxxell's
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I deem it only fair that no.
should allow the duty to remain upon shoddy
at as high a rate and no lower than reported.
This is a matter which has been long discussed
between the parties interested; and this amend-
ment, as I understand it, was agreed upon by
the convention of wool-growers. I trust the bill
will be allowed to stand as it is.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
honorable gentleman from Vermont whether
the whole of the provision of this first section
touching wool and shoddy was a part of the
agreement between the convention of wool-
growers and the manufacturers.
Mr. MORRILL. I so understand it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to interfere
at all with the pending amendment, nor do I
rise in defense of shoddy. But inasmuch as
debate has been closed, and as I desire to offer
an amendment, I wish to explain it before-
hand. My amendment will be to strike out
the word " flocks," and to put it in at the rate
of six cents per pound, reducing the duty one
half. 1 think this article of flocks was put in
this section by the committee under a misun-
derstanding as to the difference between flocks,
shoddy, mungo, and waste. I have not time
to explain the difference ; but it is as much for
the interest of the wool-growers as of the man-
ufacturers that flocks should be omitted from
this section. I object to its being retained here
for two reasons. One is that it, does not cost
half as much as shoddy, and to place a duty
of twelve cents upon it would be discriminating
in favor of shoddy, against flocks. Flocks is
the shreds of new cloth. It will not'weave in
as shoddy does. It is used for felting. It is
used also in the manufacture of fine satinets
to put a face on the back. It will wear until
the cloth wears out. My friend from Iowa
[M r. G itiXNKi.i.J does not know anything about
that kind of satinet.
I say to him that if he desires to prevent the
manufacture of his fine wool into fine satinet
he will succeed absolutely if he will only put
a duty of fro m twelve to twenty cents per pound
upon flocks. Now, the introduction of this
flocks will not interfere at all with the shoddy
trade. It has nothing to do with the shoddy trade.
It goes into the manufacture of felt hats ; it is
also used in the manufacture of the finer kinds
of v,'all-paper. And when it is in order, I
shall move to reduce the duty on flocks to
just one half what is proposed in this bill,
or to twice as much as it is under the existing
tariff law. The duty proposed in this bill is
just four times as much as it is under the pres-
ent law, simply because it is put herein bad
company with shoddy, mungo, and waste. I
hope, therefore, that some regard will be had to
the nature of the article. It is like wool in
that it will felt, while shoddy, mungo, or waste
cannot, by any process under heaven, be made
into felt. Shoddy is only used in woven goods,
and that is the way in which it deteriorates, if
at all. the value of the cloth.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 will ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] if this bill
does not afford additional protection to the
species of cloth in which this flocks enters.
Mr. DAWES. I will ask the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. (jitixneu.,] what is the reason he
desires to discriminate against flocks and in
favor of shoddy after the speech he has made?
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not. But I would
lik(T to have the gentleman answer my ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. T do not think so.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon this sec-
tion is closed by order of the House.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Grinxell, as modified, to strike out the
word "twelve" andinsertthe word "twenty,"
at the close of the first section ; so that the
clause will read:
Ami on woolen rass, shoddy, inimiro, wn«tf, and
flooks the duty shall be twenty ccnt-s per pound.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr, DAWES. I move to amend the last
clause of this first, section by striking out the
word " flocks," and also to add to the section
