1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
48$
having always held that the States were out of
the Union, has not, I believe, always'held it
or always desired that others should, for I find j
him introducing a resolution in this House on
the 4th of December, 1862, declaring—
That if any person in the employment of the United
States, in cither the legislative oi' executive branch,
should propose to make peace, or should accept or
advise the acceptance of any such proposition on any
other-basis than the integrity and entire unity of the
United States and their Territories as they existed at
the tim^of the rebellion, he will be guilty of a high
crime."
I do not propose to be guilty of thaf "high
crime."
And now, with one more authority on this
subject, I will drop it; and that shall be the
authority of the present Chief Justice of the
United States on the question whetherthe States
are in the Union or not. In a discourse which
Chief Justice Chase delivered about a year ago
at Dartmouth College, he said:
"It is my opinion that the States remain States."
* * * * 'Mud the rebel governments of the
southern States have been destroyed. All the ma-
chinery of these governments has come to an end;
and now, holding as I do that these States remain
States, the second process of reorganization is that the
governments now revert into the hands of the south-
ern people. They are to rebuild the governments of
these States."
I leave this opinion to speak for itself, and
with that I leave the discussion, already too
much extended, of this part of the subject.
I have thus endeavored to show—with how
much or how little succcss I leave to the House
to judge—that the States lately in rebellion are
still States of the Union ; that their people are
not "vanquished enemies" in any political
sense, or in any sense which subjects them to
be disposed of according to our political dis-
cretion ; that they are still within the jurisdic-
tion and protection of the Constitution; that
they enjoy all the rights under that Constitution
which they had before, that they are bound
to perform all the duties which the Constitution
devolves upon them ; and that we are bound by
that Constitution in our dealings with them, and
have no right to do anything in regard to them
which the Constitution does not permit and
empower us to do. We have taken a solemn
oath to protect and maintain the Constitution of
the United States. By the tenth amendment
of that instrument all the rights not conferred
upon the General Government are retained by
the States or by the people thereof. 1 submit
that it is our duty to fulfill the injunctions of the
Constitution in that respect as in any other,
and toward those States as Coward all others.
Whether members may be disposed to concede
it as a right or not, or to grant it practically
even if they do concede it in theory, we have
no right, acting under the solemn obligation of
our oaths, to set the Constitution of the United
States or its authority aside for a single moment.
Having thus,in a somewhat desultory manner,
and I am sure very tediously, discussed this
question, I will come to a more practical nppli-.
cation of the principles 1 have endeavored to es-
tablish. The contest ended in April or May of
last spring. The war, which was to crush the
rebellion, restore the integrity of the Union and
maintain the rights of the States and Territories
as they existed before the rebellion, came to an
end, having accomplished its object.^ The Presi-
dent had carried on the war by virtue of his
power as Chief Executive of the United States,
andas Commander-in-Chief of its armies and na-
vies. By the constitution, article second, sec-
tion first, the executive power is vested in the
President alone. By the third section of the
same article it is declared that ho shall take care
that the laws are faithfully executed. He car-
ried on the war for that purpose by the power
directly conferred upon liiin by Congress. We of-
ten hear it said, in regard to the southern States,
that if not out of the Union their practical rela-
tions to the Government have been suspended.
Now, that is true unquestionably. But what is
the precise meaning of that language? In what
phrase known to the Constitution can the fact be
clothed? Is it anything else than this : that m
consequence of their condition the laws of tne
United States could not be executed within those
States, and it was necessary so to change that
condition as to render their execution possible ?
Well, the war came to an end. The Presi-
dent found this state of things existing: the
authority which had opposed the execution of
the laws had been destroyed; the usurpation
had been expelled ; the laws were there ; your
statute-books were full of laws applicable to all
these States; there was no lack of laws; the
only lack was of agencies and agents for their
execution; the machinery of the government
stood still. There was, for example, a law upon
your statute-book imposing a tariff of duties on
goods imported into southern ports ; there was
nobody there to collect them. There was a law
imposing internal revenue taxes all through
those States, and there was no machinery by
which they could be collected. There was a
law upon your statute-book assigning to those
States, by districts, members of Congress; but
there were no voters duly qualified under the
Constitution of the United States to elect them,
and no Legislatures to direct and regulate the
manner of their election.
Now, sir, what did the President do under
these circumstances ? Congress was not in ses-
sion, and, moreover, it was an executive duly
that devolved upon him. He went forward to
put the States in a condition to enable him to
execute the laws. He proceeded to put the
States in such a condition that he could start
the machinery of government, so that the laws
of the United States might be faithfully exe-
cuted by him within the limits and jurisdiction
of those States.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question merely for information. What law
of Congress was the President executing when
he ordered conventions in the States and told
them what kind of constitutions to frame?
Mr. RAYMOND. I am quite incredulous of
the gentleman's statement that he wishes for
information. He seldom needs information on
this or any other subject. I am quite sure he
has as much of it as I have, though he may not
take precisely the same view of the legal bear-
ing of the information in his possession as I
should take. However, I will endeavor, in due
course of time, to give him what little informa-
tion I have upon that particular point.
As I have said, it was the duty of the Presi-
dent to execute the existing laws. When Con-
gress shall make new laws for him to execute,
he will undoubtedly execute 1hem; but these
laws were there, in all fhe plenitude of their sov-
ereign authority; they stood upon the statute-
book, and it was for him to execute them,
lie thought it his duty so-to do. There were a
variety of ways open to him by which to pio-
vide for their execution, of which he has told us
in his annual message. He might have done it
by the direct exercise of military power, but
that would have involved various evils which he
has pointed out, and which are acknowledged
to be sufficient. He chose to execute them by
virtue of his combined and conjoint authority
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
and also as the chief Executive of the United
States. He followed the precedent set by his
predecessor and commenced by him without ob-
jection to its fundamental principle on the part
of Congress. The first thing he did necessarily
was to relieve the great body of the people from
their disabilities, so that they could act as loyal
and qualified electors of those States ; and there
is no doubt that he had (he power to do this, for
it is expressly conferred upon him by the Con-
stitution. There is no doubt, moreover, that it
was absolutely necessary as the first step toward
the execution of the laws. His predecessor had
done the same thing by issuing a proclamation
extending amnesty to the people of the south-
ern States upon certain conditions. lie thus
had a basis for a reorganization of the machin-
ery of Government. He then appointed pro-
visional governors by virtue of his authority as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
under whose direction and guidance, as repre-
sentatives of the national authority, this process
of restoration might proceed.-
Now, I know the question has been raised—
'and perhaps it is not quite clear and free from
doubt—as to the precise legal authority he had to
take this specific step; butl believeit isaprinei-
ple well established in law that the war powers
do not necessarily cease wJien the actual opera-
tions of the war shall have ended; and that the
powers of the Commander-in-Chief extend be-
yond the time when the host e armies in the
field are disabled and destroyed. It is a period
when war is not raging, but is not yet ended—
a period known to lawyers ami courts as non
flagrante sed nondum ccssanle hello. And it has
been held in the highest English courts and in
all the courts where the question has come up,
that the Commander-in-Chief may exercise the
authority properly belonging to him as Com-
mander-in-Chief even after the actual war is
over. President Johnson appointed provis-
ional governors of these States as his agents,
not in the form or under the name of military
governors, though that would not have changed
the nature of their duties, because he himself had
the same duties confided to him when made mil-
itary governor of Tennessee by President Lin-
coln. But he appointed them as his agents to set
in motion the machinery of Government; and
a part of that machinery was the calling of con-
ventions and of Legislatures which should act
for the States, and aid by necessary legislation
in reestablishing the relations of the States
with the Federal Government. He prescribed
the terms on which citizens should be allowed
to vote for members of the Legislature and for
delegates to the convention. He did that be-
cause he had an undoubted, right to see that,
power was no longer usurped, and that there
should be no voting but loyal and legal vot-
ing there. So he went on, by one step after
another, advising the Legislatures, counseling
them to abolish slavery, not only by their own
laws, but by adopting the constitutional amend-
ment, recommending -them to repudiate the .
rebel debt, and also to put upon their own
constitutional records a solemn abandonment
of the doctrine of secession. Without going
further into the details of the steps taken by
the President, I will merely say that he pro-
ceeded steadily and successfully to restore
authority ill those States, to put in motion the
machinery of their governments, and through
that machinery to take care, as he was sol-
emnly sworn to do, that the laws of Congress
were "faithfully executed."
I do not know that there was any special
call for the interposition of Congress upon that
subject. In my judgment the proper function
of Congress does not come in until a later stage
of the proceedings. The decision of the Su-
preme Court, in the ease of the Dorr rebellion
in the State of Rhode Island, has been quoted
hero to show that it was for Congress to decide
when a republican form of government, which
they are bound to guaranty, does exist in a State.
I have not that decision by me at this time. But
1 think if gentlemen will read it with special
regard for its language and especially for the
qualifyingclausesinit, they will discover that the
decision was to this effect: that it was for Con-
gress to decide what was a republican form of
government by deciding upon the admission of
members coming from that government, or
elected under it. This is the mode and scope
of the action of Congress upon this point, and
having decided it the members thus admitted
'are members of Congress, and laws in the enact-
ment, of which they take part are binding upon
all the departments of the Government. As
I understand it, that is the extent to which upon
that point that decision went.
Now, what is the condition of these States
to-day? They are in the full exercise of their
functions of self-government. Our laws relat-
ing to them exist upon our statute-books, and
they are duly executed within their limits. Taxes
are collected from the people of those States.
The vessels that go into their ports pay duties
according to our laws. Not only has self-gov-
ernment been established throughout those
States, but they are to-day, whatever may have
been the case during the war, now in the Union,
and they can only be got out of the Union by
