u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. op Beps.
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Phelps.
39 th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
were nullities, still it is said that notwithstand-
ing all this secession took place. I repeat to-
day the question of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Raymond,] and ask at what hour,
on what day, by what act, or in what way these
States ever seceded.
Sir, my venerable friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] and his doctrine upon this sub-
ject remind me of a doctor I once heard of,
and I mean no offense to the gentleman when
I say he was a quack doctor, and I mean no
disrespect to the doctor. [Laughter.] He was
visiting a patient one day who had the pleurisy,
and when he was leaving, the patient asked
him, as patients usually do, what he might eat.
"Well," said he, "you may take a little rice,
and tea and toast." After the doctor left the pa-
tient became very hungry, and it seemed to him
he would die if he did not have some roast shoat.
Finally he told his wife he must have roast shoat
and she got him some, and accidentally he got
better and was convalescent when the doctor
came again. The doctor was surprised, and
asked him how he came to be so well, and he
told the doctor, "I thought I should die if I
did not have some roast shoat, and my wife
got me some, and I ate it and am better.'' The
doctor took out his little memorandum book
and wrote down, "roast shoat good for the
pleurisy," and went his way. A few days after
another of the doctor's patients had the pleu-
risy, and when the doctor had prescribed, for
him, he was asked, " What may I eat?" "Well,"
said he, "anything you like, but if you have a
fancy for it, rpast shoat is a very good thing."
He wont away, and a day or two after the man
unfortunately died. The doctor came back and
inquired how the patient was, and being in-
formed of his death, said "Why, I thought he
was getting better." "No," said the man's
wife, "he would have roast shoat, and I gave
it to him and it killed him.'' The doctor opened
his book and where he had written '' roast shoat
good for the pleurisy," ho added the word
"sometimes." [Laughter.] And so it is here.
It was declared in the beginning of the war that
secession was impossible, but they now add,
like the quack doctor, the word "sometimes."
Unfortunately the position that Jefferson Da-
vis and his followers occupied, is now occupied
by professed Union men on this floor. These
gentlemen insist that the insurrectionary States
are out of the Union, as Jefferson Davis has
insisted for the last five years. Precisely when
and how they got out of the Union those gen-
tlemen do not say, but Davis does. lie says
they seceded by the action of the people in con-
vention assembled; but long after that action,
and even now, it was and is held to be a nullity
by every gentleman on this floor, and every
State in the Union now asserts the same thing,
except, perhaps, one or two.
Taxes have been levied upon them as Stales
in the Union by the Congress, these very gen-
tlemen approving that action. In the appor-
tionment bill their right to representation has
been acknowledged, and in various other ways
they have been recognized as being in the Union
throughout the war; and I wish to know, sir, if
these States are in the Union for the purposes
of taxation and the bearing of burdens, but not
for representation. Such seems to be the posi-
tion occupied by the gentlemen, and to which
the Union party are utterly opposed. The doc-
trine of the Union party, asl understand it, has
been, and is, and will continue to be, that every
loyal man, legally elected to the Congress by the
people of an insurrectionary State has the right
to take his seat and represent his people.
The rebellion being suppressed in the rebel
States, the people of those States "return to
the place and rights they had before." This is
held and laid down by Puffendorf, who uses
the following language in volume two, page 237:
"A whole nation when it hath, cither by its own
strength or by the assistance of friends and allies,
shaken of? an enemy's yoke, without doubt recover -
eth its liberty and anciont state- and if any pai't of
what they were beforo possessed of remains still in
the enemy's hands, tliey have just pretensions to at-
tempt to recover it as long as a war is liept on foot
and a pence is not concluded. But if a third Com-
monwealth rescue a nation by war that was over-
powered and enslaved by enemies, in its own name
and for its own advantage, the nation only chan^eth
its master, but is as far from liberty as ever. And we
may say the same of a part of any nation. But if a
part of the people be recovered by the people they
were some time divided or torn from, or by their allies,
they again incorporate with the old body and return
to the place and rights they had before."
This is the patriotic and common-sense view
of the matter, and during the war I never heard
any other expressed.
The rebellion but caused a suspension, an
interruption of the authority of the General
Government in the rebellious States, not by
actual secession, but by a refusal on the part
of the State authorities to recognize their rela-
tions with the Government, and levying war
against it.
By this action the people of those States, in
the language of Puffendorf, were, '' for some
time," separated from the Government and
people of the loyal States. But the separation
was not a legal one, for it was against the para-
mount law of the land. Between loyal and dis-
loyal men, two issues were thus presented. The
rebels claimed the legal right to secede, to
withdraw from the Union. Loyal men said
"No! not at all; there is no such right;" and
in the whole United States there was not one
loyal man who did not deny the legal right to
secede.
This was one issue. Then said the rebels,
"We will maintain our asserted secession by
force of arms."
"All right," said the loyal men, "we will try
that issue ;" and we went to war.
This was the other issue. As I beforo said,
in one of these ways secession had to be ac-
complished, or not at all.
Whether the acts of secession of the insur-
rectionary States were legal or illegal, was a
question of very little importance if the rebels
could command the force to maintain them. It
took over four years to decide this question,
during which time we waged a bloody and des-
olating civil war, unknown before in the history
of the world. That war is over, the rebellion
is suppressed, and the Government of our fath-
ers, thank God, is ours still, if wo will have
it. The acts of secession being void, and the
rebellion suppressed, the suspension and inter-
ruption of the relations between those States
and the General Government having ceased,
what more was needed to give us the old con-
dition of things ? Why, that the government
machinery of those States, under the General
Government and within the Union, should be
put in operation as of yore, and thatthe people
there should obey the laws of the land, and
send loyal men to the Congress of the United
States to represent them. All this they have
done, and it was for (his only we have waged a
four years' war. All that the loyal men of the
nation liavc ever demanded has been obedience
to the law ; with the motives for such obedience
we have nothing to do. It may be from love of
the Government, or it may be from fear, or it
may be prompted by a mercenary patriotism
which robs the people while it pretends intense
devotion to the Government. And with the lat-
ter sort of patriots, the country is filled, and the
further you get from the seat of war and its
dangers, from its desolation, suffering, and
death, the more numerous they are.
They would barter blood at a cheap rate, so
it is not their own, and fill their pockets, un-
heeding the groans and tears and destitution of
the unfortunate victims of the war.
At the beginning of the rebellion and during
the war we demanded that the rebels should
lay down th'eir arms and submit to a common
Government, and we demanded nothing more.
They contemptuously and persistently refused
to do that, but by force of arms we have com-
pelled them to do so.
And now, sir, after this war, in which there
was unexampled ill-feeling, bitterness, and
hate, we find in little more than half a year un-
disturbed peace and an approach to harmony
and returning amity that one year ago the most
sanguine patriot did not hope for. The consti-
tutions and laws of those Slates which the rebel
officials, after committing treason, ran aw ay and
left behind them, have been taken up and put
in use again by loyal men.
As this was all we asked during the war,
shall we not accept this now that the war is
over ? Such was the wish and policy of that
martyred patriot, Abraham Lincoln; time and
again he called upon the people of the disloyal
States to do that very thing. That was all he
asked, and he spoke the voice of the nation.
Why shall we demand more now ?
If Mr. Lincoln were living to-day he would
say that the return and submission of those peo-
ple to their allegiance entitle them to represen-
tation in the councils of the nation, andtoallthe
rights and dignity of States within the Union.
The nation demands this, and that was the opin-
ion and practice of the party in power during
the war, as instanced in the eases of Andrew
Johnson, Senator, and Horace Maynard, Rep-
resentative, of Tennessee, as well as of others;
and the Union party will not follow these gen-
tlemen into the advocacy of the pestilent polit-
ical heresy of secession, or the equally obnox-
ious one of expulsion of States from the Union.
The Union party are opposed to the whole
thing, and we will appeal to the constituents
of these gentlemen, we will appeal to the loyal
people of the nation, to occupy, and to force
their Representatives to occupy, the patriotic
ground upon which this war was begun, prose-
cuted, and triumphantly terminated; the ground
occupied by Lincoln and Johnson while Mr.
Lincoln lived, and the same held to-day by
Andrew Johnson, "the Union, the Constitu-
tion, and the enforcement of the laws."
I know, Mr. Speaker, how this appeal will be
responded to. Seven tenths of the people of
the United States would come to-day to the
support of the President in this policy, and all
the politicians on earth cannot prevent it.
They want and will have a united, a harmo-
nious, and a prosperous nation, and they will
not permit one half the nation to rule and tram-
ple upon the other half on any pretext what-
ever. While the Union party holds to this po-
sition it will be triumphant, when it abandons
it it will fail and ought to fail.
Freedmen's Bureau.
SPEECH OF HON. C. E. PHELPS,
OP MARYLAND,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 3, 18gg.
The House having under eonfideration the bill
(S. No. 60) to enlarge the powers of the i'reedmen's
Bureau-
Mr. CHANLLll obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a few moments.
Mr. CHANLER. I yield to the gentleman
from Maryland for fifteen minutes.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, the measure
now under consideration belongs to that largo
class of questions intimately connected with the
great subject of restoration ol'ihe States lately
in rebellion ; questions of"greater moment- have
never engaged the attention of public men in
this or in any country. In the consideration of
questions of this character, we are not, in iriy
judgment, to be trammeled by the ordinary rou-
tine of party politics, orcoeiced by the machin-
ery of parly discipline. And I propose in this
case, as in all others of a similar charactcr,
to bring my own individual judgment to bear
upon the merits of the pending proposition,
paying all due respect to the opinions of abler
and wiser men, without falling under the abso-
lute control of any combination in or out of
this Capitol.
Mr. Speaker, it ill becomes a Representative
