1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. STEVENS. # I have nothing further to
my except, this: this is not an ordinary case
where the militia were called out, of which we
have agood many claims presented here. These*
troops were called out by proclamation of the
President and of the Governors of the States,
and they assisted in repelling the invasion
* • under officers of the United States Army. The
$15,000,000 appropriation ran out just before
the last company of New Jersey was paid, and
another fund was to be resorted to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the pend-
ing bill by striking out all after the enacting
clause and inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
That there shall be reimbursed by the United States
to each of the States that furnished troops to the
JJnion Army, and also to the several Territories and
the District of Columbia, a sum equal to fifty-five
dollars for each man duly enlisted into the military
or naval service of the United States during the late
war, the total number being reduced to a uniform
standard of three years' service, namely:
To the State of Maine, for fifty-six thousand five
hundred and ninety-five men, $3,112,725.""
To the State of New Hampshire, for thirty thousand
eight hundred.and, twenty-seven men, 61,695.485.
To the State of Vermont, for twenty-nino thousand
and fifty-two men, $1,597,860.
To the State of Massachusetts, for one hundred and
twenty-three thousand eight hundred and forty-four
men, $6,811,420.
To the State of Rhode Island, for seventeen thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy-eight men, $983,290.
To the State of Connecticut, for fifty thousand five
hundred and fourteen men, 82,778,270.
To the State of New York, for three hundred and
eighty-one thousand six hundred and ninety-six
men, $20,993,280.
To the State of New Jersey, for fifty-five thousand
seven hundred and eighty-five men, 63,068,175.
To the State of Pennsylvania, for two hundred and
sixty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty-eight
men, $14,715,690.
To the State of Delaware, for ten thousand three
hundred and three men, $566,665.
To the State of Maryland, for forty thousand six
hundred and ninety-two men, $2,238,060.
To the State of West Virginia, for-twenty-seven
thousand six hundred and fifty-three men, £1,520,015.
To the State of Ohio, for two hundred and thirty-
seven thousand nine hundred and sdfcFcnty-six men,
§13,088,680.
•To the State of Indiana, for one hundred and fifty -
.two thousand two hundred and eighty-three men,
$8,375,565.
To the State of Illinois, for two hundred and
twelve ikousand six hundred and ninety-four men,
$11,693,170.
To the State of Michigan, for eighty thousand eight
hundred and sixty-five men, $4,447,575.
To the State of Wisconsin, for seventy-eight thou-
sand nine hundred and eighty-five men, $1,344,175.
. To the State of Minnesota, for nineteen thousand
six hundred and seventy-five men, $1,082,125.
To the State of Iowa, for sixty-eight thousand one
hundred and eighty-two men, $3,750,010.
To the State of Missouri, for eighty-six thousand
one hundred and ninety-two men, $4,740,560.
To the State of Kentucky, for seventy thousand
three hundred and forty-eight men, 33,869,140.
To the State of Kansas, for eighteen thousand six
hundred and fifty-four men, £1,02.3,970.
To the State of Tennessee, for twelve thousand and
seventy-seven men, $664,235.
To the State of California, for seven thousand four
hundred and fifty-one men, $409,805.
To the State of Nevada, for two hundred and six-
teen men, $11,880.
To the State of Oregon, forflve hundred and eighty-
one men, $31,955.
To the District of Columbia, for eleven thousand
five hundred and six men, $632,830.
To the Territory of Washington, for eight hundred
and mnety-five men. 849,225
To the Territory of N ebraska, for three hundred and
eighty men, $20,900.
To the Territory of Colorado, for one thousand
seven hundred and sixty-two men, 896,910.
To the Territory of Dakota, for one hundred and
eighty-one men, $9,955,
To the Territory of New Mexico, for one thousand
and eleven men, §55,605.
Sec. "2. Ami be it furf.lwr enacted, That the amounts
to be thus reimbursed shall be in registered bonds of
the United States, of not less than 81,000 each, bear-
ing interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually in lawful money, and redeem-
able at the pleasure of the United States, after twenty
years from date. Said bonds shall be dated July 1,
1866, and interest thereafter shall be payable on tho
1st day of January and 1st day of July each year;
said interest to bo payable and said bonds to be re-
deemable out of moneys to be hereafter appropriated
by Congress.
. Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That each bond
issued in pursuance of this act shall have plainly
printed or engraved thereon the words following,
namely: "The bo.nds of which this is one are issued
to the State of in full reimbursement for ex-
penses incurred by said State in the war for the
Union, Said bonds are not negotiable until alter
the 1st day of July, A. !>., 1866, and then only upon
tllo indorsement of the Governor of the State. And
said bonds are accepted by said State in full pay- j
ment at all claims for expenses incurred or losses
sustained in the war for the Union, either by the
State or by any municipal corporation within the
State." ■
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the bonds
authorized by this act shall not be delivered to any
State until the Legislature thereof has formally con-
sented to accept them on the terms contained in the
third section; and upon such consent being properly
certified to the Secretary of the Treasury by the Gov-
ernor of any State, the Secretary shall, oil the Gov-
ernor's receipt therefor, issue to such State its proper
amount of bonds as provided in the first section of
this act. But the condition contained in tho third
section shall not be construed to exclude any demand
or claim from a State or municipal corporation which
can be audited and paid under any law in force at
the tim_e of th.e approval of this act.
Sfic. 5. Andhcit. further enacted, That the Secretary
of State shall forward to tho Governor of each State a
certified copy of this act within thirty days from the
date of approval; and the Secretary of tho Treasury
is hereby charged with executing the provisions of
this act.
Mr. STEVENS. I doubt very much whether
this is a proper amendment to this appropria-
tion bill. It is an original law .on another sub-
ject. I raise the point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. The point was raised exactly
two years ago and overruled.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole is considering a bill to reimburse the State
of Pennsylvania for moneys advanced to the
Government for war purposes. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] moves an amendment
to strike out all after the enacting clause and in-
sert jvhat has been read, being " a bill to reim-
burse the States that have furnished troops to the
Union Army for advances made and expenses
incurred in raising the same.'' The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] raises the
point of order that the amendment is not ger-
mane. As an original question the Chair would
hold that it is not in order. But in a former
ease, where a bill granting lands to a railroad
in a particular State was pending, it was decided
that it was in order to amend it-so as to include
railroads in other States. And during the last
Congress the same question was raised on pre-
cisely the same bill, and it was ruled that an
amendment similar to this was in order. The
Chair therefore thinks it is the will of the com-
mittee that such an amendment is in order. -He
rules accordingly.
Mr. MYERS. Iraiseanotherpointof order:
that this bill is an appropriation iii pursuance
of existing law, while the substitute is an un-
liquidated claim.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to submit a few re-
marks in support of the amendment. I have
nothing whatever to say about the bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevexs.]
Before proceeding, Mr. Chairman, to urge
the justice, expediency, and necessity of adopt-
ing this measure, I will, with the indulgence of
the House, present in brief detail the action of
our Government in the cases of a similar na-
ture that have thus far arisen in our histoiy. I
am aware that precedent alone is not a sufficient
justification for legislative action, but where
precedent and principle are in harmony, the
argument is complete and the conclusion irre-
sistible.
The most prominent and important sifbject
that engaged the attention of the First Con-
gress under the Federal Constitution was the
funding of the war debt of the Revolution. The
system adopted was mainly or almost precisely
that recommended by Mr. Hamilton, in his
celebrated report as Secretary of the Treasury,
January 9, 1790. His scheme embraced not
merely the debt of the Confederation, or the
continental debt, so called, but also the debts
of the several States contracted in supporting
the war. He ardently and successfully urged
the assumption of these debts by the General
Government, and admirably epitomized the
argument in favor of the measure in the follow-
ing paragraph, which I quote from his report:
The equalising of the condition of the citizens of
every State, and exoneratingthoseof the Statesinost
indebted from partial burdens whiph would press
upon them in eonsequenec of exertions in a common
cause, is not completely fulfilled until tho entire debt
of every State contracted in relation to the war is
embraced in one general and comprehensive plan.
The inconvenience to the "United States of disbur-
demng the States which are still incumbered with
considerable debts would bear no jiroportion to the
inconvenience which they would feel if left to strug-
gle with those debts unaided."
No measure was ever discussed more thor-
oughly or more ably in the American Con-
gress. The opposition to it was very consider-
able, but the effort to prevent its passagfe was
by parliamentary tactics and embarrassing
amendments, rather than by directly meeting
the issue. Nor was the constitutionality of the
measure seriously questioned. Insinuations
against it were several times thrown out, but
were effectually silenced by Elbridge Gerry,
who asserted that th?subject of assuming the
State debts had been before the Federal Con-
vention and was passed over on the ground
that "the Constitution gave sufficient power in
the premises to Congress." Roger Sherman
sustained Mr. Gerry in this statement, with the
limitation that "the assumption should be con-
fined to debts which were contracted by the
States for the common good of the Union and
notformerelocalpurposes," a limitation which
received general assent and approval. It is
w.orthyof note, in this connection, that after the
lapse of fifty_ years, when the school of " strict
constructionists" had refined their theories
to the utmost, they never took a different po-
sition from that announced by Mr. Sherman in
the foregoing extract. In the famous series
of resolutions introduced into the United States
Senate by Mr. Benton in the session of 1839-
40 in opposition to the General Government
assuming the then existing debts of the States,
the whole creed of strict construction was set
forth at great length, and yet the first reso-
lution was in words which implied, if they
did not assert, that State debts contracted for
the common good of the Union, and not for
local purposes, might be constitutionally as-
sumed by the nation. I conclude, therefore,
that no one will question the competency o'f
Congress to pass the bill under discussion.
In the protracted and able debate to which I
have referred as taking place in the First Con-
gress in regard to the assumption of the rev-
olutionary debt, Mr. William Smith, of South
Carolina, one of the ablest men of that day,
spoke as follows:
"I cannot permit myself to doubt that Congress
will decide the Question upon principle! of equity
and justice. Nothing can appear to me to be more
clear than that a State debt being incurred in the com-
mon defense should be made a common burden. We
should consider ourselves as settling the affairs of a
great family, and be studious to equalize the task to
be borne by every one."
Mr. Jeremiah Wads worth, of Connecticut,
said:
"I consider the debt of my State now due as a real
continental debt of the most meritorious class; nor
can I easily persuade myself to provide funds for the
other continental debts and leave the citizens of Con-
necticut to groan under a dircct tax—their only re-
source—to pay a wardebt which they do not owe except
as sureties for the continent."
Mr. Roger Sherman, from the same State,
said, with characteristic and emphatic blunfc-
ness:
" I consider the debts incurred by the several States
in support of the war and for the common defense and
general welfare as the debts of the United States."
Mr. Theodoric Bland, of Virginia, said : '
"Some gentlemen are very desirous to sever the
fading of the debt of the United States from that of
the States, though both of them have been incurred
for the same purpose, namely, the common defense
against the common enemy. It would, in my opinion,
be like separating man and wife, or like amputating
the limbs from the body."
Mr. Elias Boudiuot, of New Jersey, said:
"There must be thegrreatest equity in appropriating
that treasure, supplied by the Union at large, to the
payment of those debts contracted for the common
defense of the Union."
Mr. Elbridge G-erry, of Massachusetts, asked:
"Were not the State debts contracted for the war?
It appears by the books in the public officesthat they
were. Will any one say that the whole expense of
defending our common liberty oug-ht not to be acom-
moncharge?" * * * "The entire debt
was created by the war, and it seems to be in strieff con-
formity with the letter as well as the spirit of tbe
Constitution to assume it."
Mr. Fisher Ames remarked:
" That which is due on account of the war should
