1S66,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8475
Cuyahoga river over and upon the Government
piers at Cleveland, Ohio; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 158) providing
for the settlement of the accounts of W. H.
Hamrick.
JOSEIgl PARKINS.
Mr. WILSON. I am very anxious to get
through two or three bills that it is important
to pass at once. I move to take up the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 103) for the relief of
Joseph Parkins.
The motion was agreed to : and the joint res-
olution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is an instruction to the proper ac-
counting officer of the War Department to pay
to Joseph Parkins, who has been and now is
delivering the stone for the construction of the
arsenal at Kock Island, m the State of Illinois,
in lieu of the contract price, the stun of $13 50
per perch for all stone delivered and to be
delivered for the construction of the arsenal.
Parkins is to receive and accept this sum as
full satisfaction of all claims under the contract,
and is never to make any further claim for any
services rendeied by him thereunder.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
EXTRA PAY TO VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up House
bill No. 450.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 450) to extend the benefits of section
four of an act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1866, approved March 3, 1805, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
that section four of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1800," be
so construed as to entitle to the three months'
pay proper, provided for therein, all officers of
volunteers below the rank of brigadier general
who were in the service on the 3d day of March,
1805, and whose resignations were presented
and accepted, or who were mustered out at their
own request, or otherwise honorably discharged
from service after that date.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the bill with an amendment to
strike out the words "that date" at the end
of the bill and to insert "the 9th day of April,
1865."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
LEASING OF SALINE LANDS.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
351.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 351) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to lease such of the
public lands of the United States as are known
as saline lands or lands containing mineral
springs, and to provide for the preservation and
development of the-same. Authority is given
by the bill to the Secretary of the Interior to
lease to responsible parties such saline lands
or lands containing mineral springs as in his
judgment may be leased with advantage to the
Government and the public ; but no such lease
is to be for a longer period than twenty-five
years, subject to readjustment every five years
by disinterested referees, nor at any rate of
rental less than the revenue assessed from time
to time on manufactured salt or income tax
upon mineral springs by act of Congress. The
Secretary of the Interior is to prescribe all
necessary rules and regulations for the leasing,
preserving, and developing of these saline lands
and mineral springs, and for the securing and
collection of the rental revenues due the Gov-
ernment therefrom : hut such rules and regu-
lations maybe subject to revision by Congress.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment in section one,
line five, after the word "springs" to insert,
"situated east of the one hundred and second
meridian of longitude."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from New York what objection
there is to having these saline lands sold.
Mr. HA1IR LS. I cannot answer that ques- !
tion. This bill is furnished to the committee ;
by the Secretary of the Interior. He informs I
us that he can save something to the Govern-
ment by the lease of these springs, without
any disadvantage to anybody.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose members of the
Senate—and I desiie simply to call their at-
tention to that fact—are aware that by the
passage of this bill wc are to inaugurate a new
system in this country, and tbat is, the leasing
of the public lands for manufacturing purposes.
The result will be that these salt lands will !
never be half de\eloped under such a sjstem
as this. We shall have agents scattered all
over the country, appointed by the centra! '
power here at. Washington, who will have the
control of these salt springs, and I cannot up- j
prehend that any advantage at all will result J
to the Government. The right way is to sell '
these lands, let them be owned by citizens of
the country and let them develop them. This
bill introduces'a new practice, and I think it
should receive more consideration than I fear
it is likely to receive at this time.
Mr. CONNESS. This is a bill to make the
Government of the United States a landlord
and the citizens of the United States tenants.
It originated, 1 believe, in the Land Office, and,
singularly enough, it is not made to apply Id the \
eases that 'gave it its original ion or its birth. I
Some eases came up recently in the State of j
California where persons had settled upon land 1
containing soda springs and sulphur springs. <
In some instances they were claimed in eon- j
noction with land adjacent, to them by reason i
of land-warrants issued by the State of Cali-
fornia and laid upon those lands: and as against ;
such claimants there werepretimptors claiming
the same quarter section of land. The contest
in those cases came up to the Land Office, and
the decision of that wise tribunal was that neither •
of those parties could have the land. Now, let ;
me inform the honorable Senator who has re-
ported this bill, whom 1 understand so well,
and whose motives I know to be so good, that
in a single case improvements upon a quarter
section connected with one of those springs had
been made by a citizeu of California amount-
ing to over §150,000, and yet this Land Office
decided that this was of a class of property that
could not go to the citizen in fee. Why? Be-
cause there was a law of the United States
against it? Not a scratch nor a word ; but be-
cause of the assumption of an official that a
property which he thought of great value was !
too valuable to pass into the hands of a citi^j
zcn. Why, sir, there is nothing in this coun-' ;
try nor in this world that is too good for an :
American citizen; and it is time that officials ;
were taught that simple fact. But the bill as
reported does not apply to our country at all, I
and hence the honorable Senator who reports
the'bill will see that I have no motive coming
from locality in opposing the bill, ft lias been
amended by the committee so that it shall not
have application west of a certain meridian.
Why? A citizen of Iowa cannot take a piece !
of saline land or a soda or sulphur spiiug, but
he must become the tenant ot the Government ,
of the United States forever, while the citizen |
of California can. What is to be (lone in the
mean time by the decisions made at the Land j
Office in regard to the eases arising in our •
State I know .not. The bill was intended to
apply to them also, but, the committee have ex-
cluded its application from our country. 1 am
very glad they have done that. They want but
to go one step further to do the wisest thing,
and that is, to exclude such an act from the
Senate.
Sir, it is too late in the day to teach the
doctrine, by proposing an act here, that Gov-
ernment is in its most, legitimate capacity when
it undertakes to be a landlord over the peo-
ple. It is too late in the day to teach the
doctrine that the citizen is in his proper rela-
tions to the Government when lie is made a
tenant of the Government. Does the Senator
from New York propose to reestablish upon a
small scale, or upon a large scale, the Van
Rensselaer estate system, simply substituting
the Government, for the Van Rensselaers, ana
give to us a war such as that which in the State
of Now York was called the anti-rent, war,
twenty-five or fifty years henCe?
I hope that no bill of this kind will secure
the attention of the Senate. It is kindred with
a measure that was passed here in 1804, that
never ought to have received the sanction of
Congress, but which went through without
much consideration. I refer to a bill for the
sale of coal lauds, fixing as the minimum
piioe for coal lands upon the public domain
of the United States twenty dollars an acre,
while you can go into the State of Pennsylva-
nia and into the State of Illinois and buy the
most valuable coal lands in the world for a
third of that sum. What is the result of that
act passed in 1801? Where the Land Office
suspects—not knows, but suspects—that coal
exisls in Oregon, in California, in a whole dis-
trict, they issue an order withdrawing all that
land from sale, and the citizen cannot buy it
unless lie pays twenty dollars an acre, which
is the minimum price ; but, it. is first to be sold
at public auction for a higher rate, if that can
be obtained. There is not on the entire Pacific
coast a single coal mine of great value. There
are small strata of coal, of not a valuable
quality, in different places on thy Pacific coast,
but no valuable coal mines ; and our people
are prevented from undertaking to mine or to
look for coal until they first buy the fee of the
land at twenty dollars an acre. Now, we are to
have added to that an act from the Land Office
which proposes to make the Government a
landlord and the citizens tenanls wherever a
piece of saline, laud or a soda or sulphur spring
is found. I hope, sir, that there will be no
more of such legislation.
Mr. HARRIS. I will consent that this bill
lie over until I can inform myself more in re-
gard to it. I move, that it be postponed for the
present.
The motion was agreed to.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
procced to the consideration of joint resolution
No. 39.
'The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
icsolution (S. R. No. 39) to refer the claim
of the administrator of Richard W. Moadc,
deceased, to the Court of Claims, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
preamble recites that doubts are entertained
whether the claim of the estate of Richard W.
Meade, deceased, upon the Government of the
United States is covered and embraced by the
ninth section of the act of 3d March, 1863,
entitled "An act to amend an act to establish
a court for the investigation of claims against'
the United States," approved February '24,
1855, which case was referred to the court by
resolution of the Senate, passed 27th Febru-
ary, 1801. In order to remove all doubts on
lhat. subject, the resolution directs the claim of
Richard W. Meade, administrator of Richard
W. Meade, deceased, be referred lo the Court
of Claims for adjudication pursuant to author-
ity conferred upon that court by any existing
law to examine and decide claims against the
United States referred to it by Congress.
The joint.resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time,
and passed.
WASHINGTON' GTjASS COMPANY.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
227, which was reported unanimously by the
