1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
obey its laws and act with due allegiance to the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
That every man may be compelled to yield.
What lie may do is our concern ; what he may
believe or think is his, and his alone.
We have heard a great deal of the necessity
of requiring irreversible guarantees from the
southern States before we can restore them to
political power, it is claimed we must have
nothing less than an amendment to the Consti-
tution on every point we may deem essential to
the public good; and that to these amendments
the southern States must consent as a condi-
tion precedent to readmission to the Union.
On that point I wish to say that I believe we are
seriously misled by reliauce upon such amend-
ments as guarantees for the future on any sub-
ject of vital importance. Take, for instance,
the one which guaranties the non-assumption
of the rebel debt and the non-repudiation of
the national debt. That has been sent out by
this House to the country as an amendment to
the Constitution, and it is supposed that when
it is ratified by the requisite number of States,
the payment of our debt is perfectly and per-
manently secured. Now, sir, T do not believe
that either with or without an amendment to
the Constitution there is the slightest danger
that one dollar of the rebel debt will ever be
paid. It is not generally supposed that the
people of the South have ever been over zeal-
ous touching the payment of their debts, and
I see no reason to believe that the war has so
increased their resources or their zeal in this
behalf as need stir the patriotic apprehensions
of Congress.
Now, sir, in regard to our own debt, suppose
you put into the Constitution as an amendment
a declaration, as broad as you like, and ratify
it as often as you like, that this debt shall never
be repudiated. Will that declaration pay it?
You are to pay it, piincipal and interest, by vot-
ing taxes and in no other way; and when the tax
bill is brought into the House, what man will
be constrained in the least, as to the vote he will
give upon it, by thafrpartieular clause of the Con-
stitution of the United States? And if there
are any here, or elsewhere, or if there shall be
in any future time, men on this floor who wish
to avoid the obligation to pay the debt, either
principal or interest, they will do it by voting
not to levy the taxes that are absolutely requi-
site to its payment. And you cannot coerce the
vote of a si ngle man on that question, by a con-
stitutional amendment.
So, too, in regard to the right of secession.
Suppose we put an amendment against that doe-
trine into the Constitution. The States North
and South ratify il unanimously, if you please.
It will lie effectual so long as nobody wants to
secede. When they do want to secede, they will
override that prohibition just as they will over-
ride all the rest of the Constitution. There is
nothing like a guarantee, nothing like security
in it. Secession will always be. as it always
has been, a question of will and of power. The
Constitution cannot constrain the will, and if the
power is there with the will it, matters little
what the Constitution contains.
Mr. Speaker, we must bring ourselves to look
upon this matter precisely as it is. We must
not be deluded by words nor misled as to the
one true and sole rclianee for the payment of our
debt, for the preservation of our Union, for the
attainment of all the great objects which this
nation was intended to accomplish, and which,
we trust, it will yet achieve. We have just one
thing and only one to rely on for them all. It
is the same which has carried us through this_
long and arduous war. It is the patriotism of
the people of the United States. It is their
determination to maintain in the future, as they
have maintained in the past, the integrity and
the honor of their country. If they have it, and
have enough of it to meet the emergencies as
they arise, we shall go safely through. It they
have it not, all the paper constitutions 011 the
face of the earth could never either give it to
them or simply its place.
So, sir, 1 put no great faith in these so-called
guarantees of the Constitution for objectswhien
can only rest upon the public conscience and
the public will. They divert our attention from
the real nature of the task we have to perform,
and lead us to rely 011 other agencies than those
which alone can give us aid. We must still put
faith in the people and in all the people. We
must remember that public interest is after all
the only guide of public conduct, and must learn
that we best consult the safety and welfare of
the nation when we promote the welfare and
the prosperity of all its parts. We must cease
to regard the people of the southern States as
public enemies, and look upon them and treat
them as identified necessarily with us in the
fate and fortunes of this great IIepublic. Il may
be hard for us thus to recognize so soon as
friends the men who have been in arms against
us; but if we are to have any safety for the fu-
ture, unless we arc willing to convert our own
Government into a despotism, and to perpetu-
ate mutual hatred among its members for years,
for generations to come, we must acknowledge
the fact that the southern States are, and will
remain forever, so long as the Union endures,
essentially parts of our common country.
1 have heard it said here that we are to hold
these States as provincial dependencies. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shei.labauger,] in
the case he supposed, in ease they should never
give evidence of what he styles a sincere loy-
alty, avowed his willingness to hold them as
provinces and dependencies forever! Has the
gentleman seriously thought of the meaning
which his words imply? Ten million people
held by a republican Government, itself based
on the principle that the only just foundation
of government is the consent of the governed,
as dependencies forever! Why, sir, there has
been no such outrage perpetrated or contem-
plated for a thousand years in the history of na-
tions. We are to send there agents to collect
our taxes, and they must be collected at the
point of the bayonet. We send there judges to
hold courts, and armies to keep the people in sub-
jection. I commend to the gentleman, and to
every one who sympathizes in his views, to read
in the Declaration of Independence the causes
which were held then, and which will be held
always and everywhere, to justify rebellion.
They are precisely the things which must go
with the policy covered by that proposition. I
am not willing, by any such conduct, to sanctify
the rebellion we have crushed, if we are to
treat them hereafter in that way, we shall sim-
ply justify the course thev.have taken.
"Mr. SHELLABAIiGER. Will the gentle-
man yield a moment?
Mr. RAYMOND. I suppose I must, as I
involve myself in that necessity whenever I
allude to the gentleman at all.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. There is no must
about it; the gentleman lias misapprehended
mc.
Mr. RAYMOND. T yield, sir.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
has left out of my statement an extremely im-
portant part of it, and it was only in order to
get that part in that I desired to suggest it.
The part ho left out is the word "general/'
What 1 said was this : that in the ease supposed,
if there was not general and sincere loyalty (of
course sincerity is to be judged by the main
facts) then I would hold them as dependencies
forever. 1 would now like the gentleman to
favor me and this House by saying what he
will do with them if they remain generally and
sincerely disloyal.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well. sir. I do not admit
the probability of it any more than he does,
and even then I would not convert them into
our slaves and subjects, because we should do
ourselves tenfold more harm than we should
them. There is 110 calamity which can over-
take this Government so great as to infuse into
its conduct despotic ideas, for ultimately those
ideas will rule its action, and it will depend
wholly 011 the accidents of political power 011
which section of the Union that despotism will
take effect. It may take effect to-day on the
southern States, but some paity may, at some
future time, come into power which will give
it effect on New England and the western
States. I would not have this Government
converted into a despotism for its own sake.
Moreover, I submit to the gentleman from Ohio
and to-all others, whether holding these States
as provincial dependencies is the proper way to
promote a sincere and general loyalty among
their people. Something is due to human na:
tare on that point as on every other. The les-
sons of history are full of warning and instruc-
tion upon it. Did Austria promote sincere
loyalty by holding Italy and Hungary in sub-
jection? No; disloyalty grew stronger and
stronger with every day of her pressure, until
finally she was forced to yield to it, in the one
case by arms and in the other by concession,
to save her own empire. And so it has been
all through the world and all through history.
Why, it seems to me that the dial of civilization
must have gone backward two thousand years
if we accept any such theory of national life
and national conduct as this. Cannot we exer-
cise as much clemency in this nineteenth cen-
tury of the Christian era as Julius Ca3sar exer-
cised all through his civil wars in Rome? His
first act, after he had crushed his great oppo-
nent Pompey in a struggle of life and death,
was to admit every one of his followers to an
amnesty; the first thing he generally did after
conquering a neighboring State was to admit
its people to the full rights and privileges of
citizenship in Rome.
Sir, I will not pursue this theme, although it
is full of interest and instruction. But if we
cannot bring ourselves to act with magnanimity
in dealing with a vanquished foe of our own
race and country, if we cannot treat the south-
ern people as members of this Union, admitting
them to equal rights in this Republic, without
degrading terms or doing aught to humiliate and
destroy their pride and self-respect, then we
may make up our minds that we are not equal
to the crisis on which we have fallen. We shall
fail in restoring peace, harmony, and prosperity
to the Union. But the nation will not perish.
Others will take our places who better appre-
ciate t ho nature of the work that devolves upon
us, and who will accomplish the ondwe fail to
reach or even to comprehend. I think our
danger here and now, lies in doing too much
rather than too little. I think the relations of
the Uni on are rapidly being restored. We must
bear this in mind, that it does not depend alto-
gether 011 our political action what shall be the
future relations of the South with the North.
Influences are at work to-day restoring friendly
relations and harmony far more rapidly than
any action we are likely to take can do. The
great want of the southern people to-day is
industry,—to repair their losses, to renew their
agriculture, to replace their implements of labor,
to find capital to cultivate their lands, to plant
cotton, and to start into activity and life, every-
thing that enters into the prosperity of a free
people. Restored commerce, "trade, the calm
health of nations," will do more for them and
for us than any laws we can place upon our
statute-book. It is our duty, our duty to our-
selves as well as to them, to aid them in these
endeavors to build themselves up again, for by
so doing wo do but build up ourselves. We
should do what we can to promote their pros-
perity : for, in so doing, we but promote our
, own." ' If we cannot do this, then we are not
equal to the task we have undertaken, and
must give place, sooner or later, to those who
are.
And now, sir, let me submit in succinct form
what I think it would be well for this House and
this Government to do ; and submitting it sim-
ply as an expression of my own views, I shall
leave the whole question to the judgment of the
House.
In the first place. I think we ought to accept
! the present btutvs of the southern States, and
regard them as having resumed, under the Pres-
ident's guidance and action, their functions of
self-government in the Union.
In the second place, I ^hinkthis House should
decide on the admission of Representatives by
districts, admitting none but loyal men who can
