3476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
Committee on the District of Columbia. It is
a short bill, and will occupy no time and give
rise to no debate.  
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate
the Washington Glass Company. It proposes
to constitute William S. de Zeng, Robert Hose,
and John L. Kidwell, their associates, success-
ors, assigns, and such other persons as shall
become shareholders, a body politic and cor-
porate in deed and in law, by the name, style,
and title of the Washington Glass Company,
to be located in the District of Columbia, for
the manufacture of glass and porcelain in all
their varieties, with a capital stock of $100,000,
■with power to increase the same to any sum
not exceeding $500,000.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill, with an amendment in section
one, line ten, after the words "capital stock
of $100,000" to insert "twenty per cent, of
■which shall be subscribed and paid in before
said company shall proceed in its operations."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
asbury chapel.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 301.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 861) to authorize W.
J. Sibley, and others, to sell and convey lot
number nine, in square number seventy-six,
in the city of Washington. The preamble re-
cites that lot number nine, in square number
seventy-six, in the city of Washington, was
conveyed by J. H. McBlair to W. J. Sibley, and
Others, in trust, to erect thereon a place of
worship for the use of the people of color,
members of the Methodist Episcopal church
in the United States; that the trustees have
not had the' means of erecting such church,
and the purpose has been abandoned, and an-
otherchurch, called the Asbury chapel, hasbeen
erected in or near the neighborhood of the lot,
which the trustees desire to sell and apply the
proceeds to the benefit of the congregation wor-
shiping in Asbury chapel", a purpose which J. H.
McBlair, as far as he had any interest therein,
has approved by his subsequent deed made to
the trustees. The bill'therefore authorizes W.
J. Sibley, and others, trustees of the lot men-
tioned, or the survivors of them, to sell and
convey it for such price as they shall think
proper, or to confirm and carry out any con-
tract for sale already made by them with any
person, and to convey the same accordingly,
freed and discharged of the trust upon which
it was origiually conveyed to them, and to ap-
ply the proceeds of sale to the benefit of the
congregation worshiping in the Asbury chapel,
as the proper and legal authority thereof may
deem expedient, and for no other purpose
whatever.
. The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with two amendments. The
first amendment was in line three of the pre-
amble, after the name of " W. J. Sibley," to
strikeout the words "andothers" and to in-
sert "Ko. Ricketts, R. W. Bates, R. L. San>
ders, Benjamin McCoy, and G. Spoarder."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three of
the bill, after the name of " W. J. Sibley," to
strike out the words "and others" and to in-
sert "Ro. Ricketts, R. W. Bates, R. L. San-
ders, Benjamin McCoy, and G. Spoarder."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
house bills referred.
The following -bilk from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below:
A bill (II. R. No. 191) to amend an act mak-
ing a grant of lands to the State of Minne-
sota to aid in the construction of the railroad
from St. Paul to Lake Superior, approved May
5, 1804—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 629) for. the benefit of
William G. Lee—to the Committee on Claims.
prevention or smuggling.
The PRESIDENT jyro tempore appointed
Mr. Chandler, Mr. Morrill, and Mr. Con-
fess as the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
222) further to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes.
public lands in. nevada.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 215) concerning certain lands
granted to the State of Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. The amendments to that
bill are merely verbal. I ask that the Senate
concur in them.
The Secretary read the amendments of the
House of Representatives, which were in section
six, line nine, to strike out the word "under;"
in the same section, in lines ten and eleven, to
strike out the words "and sale;" in line
thirteen, after the word " right," to insert "in
tracts of land not less than forty acres ;" in line
fourteen, after the word " same," to insert "in
tracts not exceeding three hundred and twenty
acres each;" and in line fifteen, after the word
"occupants," to insert " and provided further,
that city and town property shall not be sub-
ject to selection under this act."
The amendments were concurred in.
territorial governments.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
508.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. o08) to amend
the organic acts of the Territories of Dakota,
Colorado, Nebraska, Montana, Washington,
Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and New Mexico.
The Committee on Territories proposed to
amend the bill by striking out all after the
words " to wit," in the seventh line of the first
section, to the end of the enacting clause of
the sixth section. The words proposed to be
stricken out were as follows:
The Legislative Assemblies of each of the Territories
named shall pass no special acts conferringcorporate
powers, but they may authorize the formation of cor-
porations (except for banking purposes) under gen-
eral laws, which may be altered or repealed at any
t.me; and the property of at! corporations/which may
hereafter be organized, or which now exist, shall be
subject to the same taxation as the property of in-
dividuals.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Legisla-
tive Assemblies of the Territories aforesaid, respect-
ively, shall, at "their first session after the passage of
this act, provide by general laws fortheorganization
of associations for commercial, manufacturing, and
mining purposes, for ferries, bridges, turnpikes, and
toll-roads, for churches, colleges, and literary and
other associations, and for the incorporation of cities
and villages, restricting their power of taxation,
assessment, borrowing money, contracting debts, and
loaning their credit,' so as to prevent the abuse of
such power,
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the Legisla-
tive Assemblies of each of the Territoiies aforesaid
shall, at their first session after the passage of this
act, prescribe bylaw the manner in which all corpo-
rations, except for benevolent purposes, heretofore
authorized by acts of said Territorial Legislatures,
shall reorganize under general laws: Provided, That
all corporations or associations now duly organized
in pursuance of law, and engaged in legitimate busi-
ness, shall have precedence of any proposed new
association, in reorganizing under such general acts
of incorporation as maybe passed: And provided
further, That such reorganization shall be within
one year from the date of the adjournment of the
first Legislative Assembly in each of the aforesaid
Territories after th e passage by such Assembly of the
act herein required.
Sec, 4. And be xt further enacted. That all special
charters granted by any of the Legislative Assemblies
of either of the Territories herein named, to associa-
tions which have not been oiganized, are hereby
declared void, and all persons who may have secured
special grants for ferries, bridges, turnpikes, toll-
roads, or special grants for any purpose, shall be sub-
ject tosuch general laws as the Legislative Assemblies
of the Territories aforesaid shall enact as required by
this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts of any of the Legislative Assemblies of
the Territories aforesaid, granting to associations or
to individuals the exclusivqfcright to go upon and
occupy any part of the public domain, or to the ex-
clusive use of the timber or water powers thereon, or
the right to the exclusive use of water to be taken
from lakes, rivers, or streams be, and the same are
horeby, declared null and void: Provided, That
nothing in this act contained shall be construed ia
anywise to invalidate any vested rights of persons
acquired under the existing laws of either of said
Territories in any mines, nor to invalidate any cor-
poration or mining company within any of said Ter-
ritories organized under and in pursuance of any
State law or law of Congress.
Sec. 6. Awl be it further enacted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to strike out
the eighth section of the bill in the following
words:
Sec. 8. Andbeitfurther enacted. That the Legislative
Assemblies of the Territories aforesaid shall hereaf-
ter have no power or authority to grant divorces, but
divorces may be granted by the courts of the United
States in each of said Territories for such cause as
may appear to them good and sufficient: Provided,
That both parties shall reside in the Territory where
the application for divorce is made: And provided,
fuither, That public notice shall be given by adver-
tisement in at least two newspapers published in said
Territory, stating the court before which the appli-
cation will be heard, and the causes for which the
divorce is demanded.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, reads thus:
Be it, enacted, &c.. That theseveral acts establishing
territorial governments for the Territories of Da-
kota, Colorado, 'Nebraska, Montana, Washington,
Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and New Mexico, and all acts
amendatory thereof, be, and the same are hereby,
amended as follows, to wit: that no person now ap-
pointed, or who may hereafter be appointed by the
President to any office in either of the aforesaid Ter-
ritories, shall receive any compensation out of the
Treasury of the United States, or out of any contin-
gent fund for services or as compensation for his sal-
ary until he shall have entered upon the discharge
of his official duties within the Territory: nor shall
any officer thus appointed be paid for the time he
may be absent from the Territory if absent without
authority of the President of the United States.
Sec. [7] 2. And be it further enacted. That in case of
the death, absence, or inability of any judge of the
United States superior courts for any Territory, at the
time when the courts for his judicial district are ap-
pointed by law to beheld, a judge of either of the dis-
tricts in such Territory, not then occupied, is hereby
authorized and may hold court in such district dnring
the absence or inability of any judge, and all judg-
ments, decrees, and orders of said court shall be as
binding as if the same were held by the judge ap-
pointed therefor.
Sec. [9] 3. And be it further enacted, That within the
Territories aforesaid there shall be no_ denial of the
elective franchise to citizens of the United States be-
cause of race or color, and all persons shall be equal
before the law. And all acts or parts of acts, either
of Congress or of the Legislative Assemblies of the
Territories aforesaid, inconsistent with the provis-
ions of this act are hereby declared null and void.
Sec. [lOJ 4. Andbeitfurther enacted. That where a
secretary of a Territory has heretofore performed, or
hereafter shall be required to perform, the duties of
acting Governor by reason of the absence from the
Territory of theGovernor, or during a vacancy in said
office, said secretary shall be entitled to receive for
the actual time during which the said duties of Gov-
ernor devolve upon him by law, and are actually per-
formed by him, a sum sufficient to make his salary
equal to the salary of the Governor.
Sec. [11] 5. And be it further enacted. That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of
this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to strike out
the section in regard to the regulation of suf-
frage. I think it is the ninth section. I ask
for its reading.
The Secretary read section [nine] three, pro-
posed to be stricken out. *
Mr. WADE. I hope that section will not
be stricken out. We have all-thus far, I sup-
pose, proceeded upon this subject on the hy-
pothesis that the General Government had not
the power to regulate the elective franchise in
the States of this Union; but of course we have
the power of legislation to all intents and pur-
poses in th<j Territories of the United States,
and I believe it is pretty well understood here
now that when a Territory shall refuse to grant
this franchise in its most extensive signification,
the Senate will refuse to receive that Territory
into the Union as a State. It is that, perhaps,
which prevents us now from passing a certain
bill over the veto of the President, because the
