isea.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251?
county. Hence the publishing of the notice i
in a single paper in the district fails to reach J
thousands of people who go to thepostofficesto
get their letters and who would see a notice
posted tip there. As to those who do not go
to'the post office their neighbors go there and
would inform them of any notice affecting them
if it were posted there. The post office in the
local district is the place where people go to
get the news, and that is the place to publish
these notices.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, this provis-
ion for the publication of the notice has refer-
ence onlv to the hearing of appeals. Gentle-
men will observe that by this section the assessor
is required to keep his office constantly open,
where persons aggrieved may go voluntarily
and have their cases heard. Now, in some
rural localities, as for instance in my own dis-
trict. the district comprises twelve counties,
and the sub-districts, in some instances, two
counties. If we should require the assessor to
post a notice at every post office in each sub-
district,, it, would bo necessary for him to have
the aid of a very large number of assistants.
Hence it appears to me this proposition ought
not to be entertained for a moment. Poisons
aggrieved always have a remedy by going to
the assessor's office and having their appeals
heard there. I trust the amendment will not
be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
Striking out lines one hundred and twenty-six
and one hundred and twenty-seven and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following :
SHiiH publish i>y advertisement in ono newspaper
in each eouuty within said -district in which a news-
paper is published.
I desire to call attention to the language
employed in those two lines as they stand.
They provide that notice shall be published
by advertisement in some public newspaper
published in each county within the district.
I presume that there is not a newspaper pub-
lished in each county of every district. I sup-
pose the intention was, of course, that the
notice should be published, in one newspaper
in each county, if there should be a newspaper
published within the county. The same ob-
jection will not apply to my amendment,
because I suppose there is no district in the
United States in which there is no newspaper
published.
Mr. MORRILL. I would say to the gentle-
man that there are such districts. It is not
many years since a Representative in this
House from the Accomac district of Virginia
boasted that there was no newspaper published
in his district. There are many districts 111
the southwestern States where no newspaper
is published. This word '' adjoining'' was
inserted to meet such eases.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why should the notice
be published in an adjoining district, when it
can be published much nearer in another por-
tion of the same district? In one particular
county of a district there may be no newspaper
published, while one may be published in an
adjoining county. But in such a case, under
the provision of the bill, as I understand^,
the notice must, be published in an adjoining
district although, perhaps, one hundred miles
distant.
Mr. GARFIELD. i have prepared an amend-
ment which I think will accomplish what the
gentleman from Missouri desires. 1 move to
amend by striking out the one hundred and
twenty-sixth, one hundred and twenty-seventh,
and -one hundred and twenty-eighth lines, and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Shall by advertisement in the newspaper of largest
circulation published in each county within said dis-
trict and, it there be none published in any county,
then the newspaper of largest circulation in the col-
lection district adjoining.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio that his amendment
will not reach the difficulty. There may be
a newspaper published in every county m the
assessment district, except one, and according
to the latter clause of the amendment it would
require it to be published in a newspaper out-
side of the district. It is to be published in
a newspaper outside of the district _ if there
should be one county in the district iii which
a newspaper is not published.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken. It says if no paper be published in
the district, then in a newspaper of the largest
circulation in the adjoining district-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I may have been
mistaken in reference to the gentleman's
amendment,.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 34, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allison
and Thayer were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tollers
reported—ayes fifty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This now provides
for the publication in any newspaper in the
district.
Mr. GARFIELD. It provides for the pub-
lication in the paper of the largest circulation
in the district, and if there be no paper in the
district, then in the paper of the largest circu-
lation in the adjoining district.
Mr. COOK. I move in the one hundred and
thirtieth line after the word "places" to insert
as follows:
(Shall mail a copy of said notice to each postmaster
in his district to be posted up ill his office.
Mr. FARNSWOHT1L I send up to the
Cleric's desk a lei lor I have received from a
collector in reference to this subject of post-
ing notices, it is from an intelligent man, and
1 desire to have it read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Cm,lector's Office,
Unitkd Ptatvs In ticunai, lirvKNUJ",
Sbcoxh DiM'iurroF 1i,unois,
kookkord, A'prif 30,1800.
DcaeSir: The present revenue law, soet ion twenty-
eight, provides 44 that each of tho collectors snail,
within twenty d«ys after receiving lib annual collec-
tion list of the assessors, give notice by advertise-
ment published in each county in his collection dis-
trict, in one newspaper printed in such county, 11 any
such there be, and by notifications to be posted up
in at least four public places in each county m ins
collection district, that the said duties have become
due and payable, and .state the Lime .and plaeowithin
said county at which he or his deputy will {♦ttend to
rcceivc the same, which time shall not bo lo^s than
ton davs alter such notification." Collector* had all
supposed that thin bill of advertising wouhl b« paid
by the revenue department, as it is required by
law, but the practice is to charge it against the col-
lectors as a part of tlieir expenses of administering
the oOic-c, to come out of their salary and commu-
nions. 1 want to call your attention to tins lor the
purpose of saying that the effect of such practice ot
the department is necessarily to leave the taY-pnvers
with Mich femall opportunities of knowing anything
about tb e time and pi ace of payment that very many
of them become liable to the ten per emit. addition
and the twenty cents for noticc, of which they corn-
plain more than they do at paying the whole as-
sessed tax. My own habit ha* h eretoiore been to pub-
lish the notice two weeks in the paper instead ot one
as the law requires, and instead oi putt mg
netices in a county, I have had a.n average of_iiffy
handbills stiuek off for each county, and mailed one
to each post office in letter, asking the postmaster to
stick it up in a conspicuous place, and keep it up till
after the time of receiving taxes. I then send one
with likcrequost to each railroad station agent, and
whatever there arc left uqe to the best advantage to
pive the information a wide circulation. 1 do this,
because it is fair to tho people who pay the taxes
that they shall have reasonable opportunity to be-
come posted and save all costs and additions, and
they complain bitterly if after all this they happen
to overlook it. Suppose instead of doing this I should
cut out four notices from tlje county paper, as X know
is done by some collectors and put them up lairly,
what chanco have the masses of the tax-payers to
sect any information? Ino fact is, tin*-' i>all that trie
law requires. No onccould ho blamed after meeting
lU provisions literally and also in spiri t. .
Now tho fact is, every provision should be^made in
the laws to make ihematter asuasy amlassatislaetory
as any reasonable man could ask. -This adveiUsing
eosKasTdo it, about twenty-five dollars ior the hand-
bill* and *ay thirty-five to forty dollars tor the adver-
tising in the papers. I have given you tho. details so
that vou could see the propriety of providing m the law
for what is needed. The tax-payeis will be grateful
to anv one who protects them. Really the advertis-
ing should bedoneat the expense of the^ovcinim-nt,
as the whole theory of the compensation is that the
tax-payer goes to the collector and pays him his
money. There is no fairness in Chicago m advertis-
ing in one paper. What chance have the Germans
of seeing such a notice in. the Triburioor the Repub-
lican, or a Democrat either ? There should be a dis-
cretion in tho collcctor, and of couyse the cost should
be provided for as are those of postage, stationery, &c,
In my district all these notices ought to be m the
paper at least two weeks, and nothing by v?ay or
notice less than 1 do is of much account. 4.t any
rate the four notices required by thelaw are merelya
mockery, fov while admitting the obligation to notify,
what chanco would tho tax-payers of Kane county
have of seeing any one of four notices. My hope is
that you will get tho next law to provide tor reason-
able noticc at tho expense of the Government. I do
say that as a rule our people carry this tax cheerfully,
and I want to see every reasonable provision to raako
it as easy as possible. If anything else occurs to me,
I will write you again. 1 am sorry to see how Ions'
mv letter is, but could not well make it shorter.
Tours, truly, WAIT TALCOTT.
General J. 3?. Farnsworth. IT. C.
Mr. JENClvES. I think that that assessor
should have a word of commendation. He
should be rocoramcncled to all assessors for
faithfulness and diligence.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 31, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
The CHA.1UMAN, under the rule, ordered
that the roll should be called.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and
the following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Anderson, Delos II. Ashley, James M. Ash-
ElTotT Farquhavt Ulos'sbrcnner, Goodyear, <>ridor,
Hale. Aaron Harding, Abner C. 13 arding, Harris,
Henderson, Hill, Hogan, HotehkiPS, John II. Hub-
bard Kdwin N. Hubhell, James 11. Jlubbell, James
Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, John-
son, Jones, Julian. Latham, Loan, Marshall,Marvin,
McCulIough, Melndoe, Morris, Moulton. Newell,
Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Viko, Pomeroy, Raymond,
Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, llousseau, .Schenck, Miauk-
lin, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr, fttillwcdl, JolmL.
Thomas,Thoi nton, Itoboi tT.V an Horn, W aru,\Y cut-
woith, and Wrijrht.
Tho committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed 1he chair. Mr. Wasiiivouxk, of.
Illinois, reported that tho Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the special order, being bill of the
House No. 513, to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide interna! revenue to support the ,
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
J 804, and acts amendatory thereof, and finding
itself without a quorum had directed the roll to
be called, and the names of the absentees to be
reported to the House.
The SPEAKEK stated that a quorum having
answered to their names, the committee would
resume its session.
The committee then resumed its session,
(Mr. Wakiiisurne, of Illinois, in the chair.)
Tho question recurred, on the amendment
moved bv Mr. Cook, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JENClvES. I move to strike out the
following proviso:
Provided, That no appeal shall bo allowed to any
party alter lie shall have been duly assessed, and the
annual list,containing flioassnssmenthus been trans-
mitted to tho collector of tho district.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment of tho gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Moiiiull] in the
preceding line seems to cover this whole ques-
tion enlarging the powers of assessor, giving
him the full control of this assessment, leaving
him to make rules in each particular case as
to when the assessment shall bo completed.
These appeals may not be made according to
the terms of this act, which are rather blind,
and should be made, it seems to me, according
to the rules the assessor may prescribe. A
person may be absent in Europe or may be
outside of his district at the time when by the
ordinary rules tho assessment should be con-
sidered as completed. When he returns, it
seems to me, be should have the privilege of
going before the assessor and having his case
considered ; not leaving it open indefinitely,
but giving it. as the amendment of the gentle-
man from Vermont. provides, to the assessor to
provide a mode in which tho case shall be
considered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That scction tw<mty bcamondod by stokinsout all
after the enaetingolause and inserting mlitu theieot
