1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4M
Mr. ELD-RIDGrB. I rise to a question of
order. Is this discussion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order. The gen-
tleman has a right to yield for an explanation.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to mc to make a motion to amend.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of or-
der that the House cannot instruct a joint com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The -objection comes too
late ; but the Chair will overrule the point of
order. This House can instruct a joint com-
mittee. The Committee on Printing is a jpint
committee, and it is often instructed by the
House. So with the Committee on the Li-
brary. But it instructs only so far as the House
members are concerned. It docs not bind the
Senate.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to modify my
resolution so that it shall take to the commit-
tee all pending propositions, My object is to
get before the committee the result of this en-
tire discussion so that they may Consider it in
the light of that discussion. I hope that the
motion will be adopted at once. When the
committee reports we can then take whatever
final action we may please.
Mr. SCHENCK I would inquire whether
that -will carry the propositions which are now
pending as amendments or in any other legiti-
mate way before the House.
The SPEAKER. It would not carry all the
propositions that have been printed ; it would
carry those' that are pending as amendments
to the joint resolution under consideration, in-
cluding the one offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexok.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
submitting an amendment, having the permis-
sion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
CooKli^g] to take so much of his time for that
purpose. I propose to amend, the motion of
my colleague by referring the whole subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary in lieu of the
motion to recommit to the joint committee.
This subject was before the Judiciary Commit-
tee. about to be reported, and all that they con-
sidered wont by a side wind; very properly I
suppose, because of its supposed connection
with other propositions relating to the restora-
tion of the States, and it was sent to this same
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. [ hope the gentleman will
not say it was by a side wind ; it was one of the
subjects expressly committed to us by the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am perfectly aware of
that, but it had been expressly committed to
the Committee on the Judiciary before—this
very subject. It is in order, 1 believe, to select
from among the committees which had better
take this subject of the amendment to the Con-
stitution, and as the Committee on the Judi-
ciary has always, in both branches of Congress,
bccu the one to which amendments to the Con-
stitution have been referred, I propose to amend
by moving to refer it to that committee. I am
in so doing, I believe, not only perfectly in order,
but acting within the line of safe precedent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Gbiswolu] can make that motion
in lieu of the one he has offered, if lie desires.
The motion is in order, and will take priority
over the other, the Committee on the Judiciary
being a standing committee, and the other being
a select one.
Mr. G-IIISWOLD. I insist on iny motion.
The SPEAKER. The question then is on
the motion to recommit to the committee on
reconstruction, to which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Giuswold] moves as an amend-
ment fo recommit without instruction, which
will carry with it all the propositions pending
on the subject.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I accept that
amendment.
Mr. STE YENS. If it goes without instruc-
tions I see no kind of propriety in any further
time being occupied in the House with discus-
sion. If we can be permitted to do it the com-
mittee will consent that the motion be now taken
on that proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the House by unanimous consent has granted
to the gentleman from New York forty minutes
to speak to-morrow.
Mr. CONK LING. I waive that. I agree
that it is worse than idle to be discussing this
proposition-'if the House entertains with favor
the suggestion of my colleague. [Mr. G-itiswoufi,]
and, as I aimup, I will say, with his indulgence,
that all these propositions are before the joint
committee on reconstruction, and were before
the sub-committees day after day and week after
week.
And I will make another remark. I believe
I speak with accuracy—and I hope my colleague
on the committee will correct me if I do not—
when I saythatnotonesingle suggestion, taking
the form of objection to that proposition, has
been made in this House which was not- can-
vassed over and over again in the committee.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Allow me to ask if the lan-
guage employed by my colleague [Mr. Bkoom-
ai.Ij | was before the committee.
Mr. CONICLING. Not the precise language,
but the proposition I believe in all its bearing
was before the committee and was talked over.
It is the proposition which is based upon voting
citizens.
Mr. SCOFIET/D. Oh, no; on population.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon, I know
what it is, because I hold it in my hand. It is
proposed that representation shall be in the pro-
portion of adult male citizens duly qualified to
vote, compared to the whole number of inhab-
itants of the States. That is the proposition in
brief.
Several Members. Oh no, it is not.
Mr. BROOMALL. As I have it here, I will
read the proviso:
Provided, That whenever the elective franchise shall
bo denied by the constitution or lawsol'any State to
any proportion of its male citizens over the ages of
twenty-one years, tlie same proportion of its entire
population shall bo excluded from the basis of repre-
sentation.
Mr. CONICLING. That is the same prop-
osition inverted. There is another proposition
which states it the other way, but it comes to the
same thing.
1 was only going to make one other remark.
These objections and these substitutes having
been before the committee, I agree eutireiy
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that no
good will result from recommitting this subject
without instructions. But I also agree, if that
is the pleasure of the House, that 1 ought not
to ask, and no gentleman ought to ask to be
heard : therefore with great cheerfulness I waive
my right to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from New
York will allow me a single word. The com-
mittee do not at all object to any proposition
or any instruction, but we shall be happy to have
the House instruct us if we arc wrong. With-
out instructions, it would be worse than in vain,
it would be a loss of time, to send the resolu-
tion back to the committee. We could agree
upon nothing else. We can discern in all the
discussion that has taken place here no con-
centration of mind which would authorize us
to adopt anyone of the propositions which have
been offered. I do hope gentlemen will allow j
votes to be taken on all the instructions and see ■
which the House will adopt, and then if the \
II ok -o choose5: to send the resolution back to
us they can do so. I
Mr. GRISWOLD. The question which has ;
just arisen between my colleague [Mr. Coxic-
lixg] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania I
[Mr. Buoohall] is a corroboration of the po- !
sition which I took upon this very question. It :
is impossible that the committee of fifteen can I
have been in possession of all the discussion I
that has gone on upon this question, and while j
I have great confidence in the faithfulness with ;
which they have considered all these various i
propositions, still I desire to say, and I say it .
as an evidence of my great confidence in that ;
committee, thaliflhcy take back this question. \
reconsider it without any instructions, and re- !
port back the resolution at any time they may
think proper, no matter if it is the slightest '! Law.enee.Lo.in,LouL'year.McCinr?,Mt-Keo,Mei-cur
possible variation, the amendment they propose
to it will go far toward strengthening the minds
of many in this House who are now doubting,
and in_ the country at large. I believe that a,
reconsideration of the question by a committee
so distinguished as we all concede that com-
mittee to be, in the light of all the able discus-
sion ftiat has taken place upon this floor within,
the last few days, will go very far, not only to
strengthen the confidence of members upon this
floor who will bo called upon to vote upon 'the
proposition, but of the people at "large in the
country, who, I believe, are expecting and will
demand from us an amendment of the Consti-
tution attaining the essential points intended to
be attained by the pending proposition. I must,
therefore, insist on my motion.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire again to inquire
whether there is any objection to recommitting
the resolution now to the committee without
any further debate. If there is not, let it be
recommitted. We do not object to it, but we
do not want to take up further time in discus-
sion.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I call the previous ques-
tion on my motion.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
bo sustained, the question will be first on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le
Bloxii,] to refer the whole subject to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and then on the motion to recommit without
instructions.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to suggest to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Giuswold J that his motion for the previous
question is in violation of the agreement made
on Friday, which was that the vote should be
taken to-morrow. There are many gentlemen
who have staid away to-day under that under-
standing.
Mr. BLAINE. There will be no yea's and
nays. The proposition can be recommitted by
common consent.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Well,
that will dispose of the entire subject. I have
a right, if 1 am sustained by one fifth of the
members present, to call the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS. We want to dispose of the
proposition, to got rid of it; that is just what
we want.
The House divided on the demand for the
previous question, and there were—ayes 65,
noes 3*2.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion. I think it is unfair to press this
matter fo a vote to night, in the absence of so
many members.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
previous question been seconded?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Then will
not this be the first business to-morrow morn-
The SPEAKER. It will be the first thing
in order after the reading of the Journal to-
morrow.
Mr. -RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. All we
want is a full vote.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas G6, nays 41, not voting
75; as follows:
YEAS—Me<=sr«. Alloy, Aneona, Blaine, Boutwell,
Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Buekland, Sidney Clarke,
Dawson, Delano, Deming, Donnelly, Eldiidge, Eliot,
Ferry. Fmek, Glos?brcnncr, (roodyear, Hale. Aaron
Hardin?, llogau, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell. llulburd, J ames Humphrey.
James At. Humphiey, Ingersoll, John=on, Julian,
Kasson.ICelso, Bn.flin, George Y. Lawrence, T,e Blond,
Marstoa, Morrill, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Patter-
son, Phelps, Pomeroy, Ttadford, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Ilandall, John II. Ttice, Hitter, Itollins,
Ross, Schenek. Shellabarger, 'l'aber. Taylor, Thayer,
Thornton, ElihuB.Washburne, Weiker,\Vhaley, Wil-
liams, James F. Wit ou, Windom, Winfield, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—(3d.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ames, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Bid-
well, Bincbam, Blow. Cobb. Cockling, Caok.taillom,
IVuT'O', Dixon,E'Ct'.le.Um. Farqnbar,tJnrfieM. trl'in-
nell.Oj i-wobi, Ab'.icrC. Harding, ilart,IIiKoy.Hotcn^
kisJwWw! W. Hubbard, Jotic.- B. Hubbell,\vdliaiu
-*   -* -i . ' MfJivmv.
