1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• 3477
constitution of the State which that bill pro-
posed to admit has not this stipulation in it.
I do not now suppose it is necessary to go
into the argument that is ordinarily resorted to,
either pro or con, as to the right of franchise I
and the expediency of granting it generally,
because the whole subject has been so often
up and so thoroughly debated that in my judg-
ment no good would come from prolonged dis-
cussion at this stage of the session.
I only wish the Senate to understand what
the question is. The section now proposed to
be stricken out provides that these Territories
shall make no discrimination in the elective
franchise between any races of people within
their limits. The question is fairly raised
by this motion whether the Senate will make
that provision for a Territory where we have
entire power or control over the subject, or
whether they will not. I think that it iiffime
it was understood that when Territories come
knocking at our doors to be admitted as States
they are not to be admitted if they have im-
proper provisions in their constitutions, and
now is the time to test the question by impos-
ing such provisions as wo think proper, so that,
all the Territories framing constitutions and
bringing them here for our sanction may know
on what terms they may expect to be admit-
ted. It is for that purpose that this section
was inserted here, and I think it ought to be
tried.
For myself, at this period of the session and
in this year of grace, I surely need not say that
I am for the most extensive right of suffrage
to every human being who is rational, who is
above the ago of twenty-one years, and who is
a citizen of the United States. I am for that
on all occasions. I am inclined to think and
I do believe that it is one of those inherent
and " inalienable" rights which were alluded
to by our fathers in that great Declaration
which has had so much effect upon the desti-
nies of the world. I believe that in civilized
communities it is a right which pertains to a
man from the same high source and in the
same way that any other of his rights to per-
son or property arc held. That is my judg-
ment, and I think that the Declaration of In-
dependence in this respect was only declara-
tory of the great law of nature itself, and in-
troduced no new principle. I am for living up
to that Declaration, and I am for bringing the
Territories to understand that if they come
here for admission they must come without
any taint of aristocracy in their constitutions,
but must make them conform to the reformed
state of public opinion now existing. There-
fore, sir, I am opposed to striking out this
section, and I hope that the Senate will keep
it in and that it will be passed into a law.
Mr. BUCIvALBW. The effect of the amend-
ment winch r have submitted is to leave this
question wholly untouched, to allow all the pro-
visions which exist in the acts organizing the
Tenitories to have operation as heretofore,
without, the interference of Congress. Now,
sir, the Senator from Ohio appears, from his
remarks, to desire this provision as a notice to
the Territories with reference to the question
of the formation of constitutions by them pre-
paratory to their admission into the Union
hereafter. In other words, he desires indirectly
to dictate to those Territories the form of con-
stitutions which they may hereafter make for
themselves preparatory to their admission into
the Union. Our old doctrine and our correct
doctrinc, as I understand it, has been that the
constitution made by a new State, or made by the
inhabitants of a Territory preparatory to their
admission into the Union as a State, shall be
their own work, completely and entirely, in j
every respect whatever, except that it must be j
republican 111 form. From the beginningof our :
Government down to this day, 1 believe that
doctrinc; has obtained; it has received general
admission.
Now, the Senator from Ohio proposes, as I
understand his argument, by this measure to
give direction to the action of the people ol
the respective Territories wlio may hereafter
apply for admission into the Union—to give
direction to their action in the formation of
their constitutions preparatory to admission.
Of cour , sir, we are not now forming territo-
rial governments; that has already been done
by Congress, and the subject has passed from
us as to those already established. The object
at present must be to anticipate future action
with reference to the admission of these Terri-
tories as States. I understand  
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No 344.
NIAGARA SUIl'-CANAL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (11. R.
No. 84-1) to incorporate the Niagara Ship-
Canal Company.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Giumes] to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Commerce; and upon
that question the Chair is advised that the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. COWAN. I merely rose yesterday to
put some interrogatories.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Let the Clerk proceed with
the reading of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill will he commenced at the point
where it was interrirpted yesterday.
The Secretary read the bill.
'The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce was in section two, line
three, afterthe word "engineers" to strikeout
the word "to" and insert "appointed by the
company to be organized as hereinafter pro-
vided, who shall;!: so as to make the section
read:
That tho President shall appoint a topographical
engineer, to be associated with two civil engineers
appointed by the company to be organized as here-
inafter provided, who shall make such preliminary
examinations and surveys, ,Ve.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two of sec-
tion three to strikeout the word "secure" and
insert "aid in securing;" and in the same sec-
tion, line three, to strike out the words "to
acquire" and insert "and in acquiringso as
to read:
That it shall be tho duty of the President of the
United states to aid in securing J ho right of way for
such canal and in acquiring the title tosuch lands, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was in line nine of
section three to strike out the words "Presi-
dent by," and after "agents," inthesameline,
to insert "of said company;" so as to read:
Then tho engineers a.nd agents of said company
may, at any tunc thereafter, enter upon and take
possession of said lands. &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve of
section three to strike out the words "the
United States" and insert "said company
so as to read:
Appropriate tho same to the use of said company
for tho purpose of the construction of said canal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line twenty, after the word "paid" to strike
out the words "by the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
after the words "notice of," in line two, to in-
sert "not less than;" so as to read:
Such application shall be made on tho service of
notice of not less than twenty days to tho parties in
interest.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"and," in line four of section four, to strike^
out tlie words '' in case personal service thereof
cannot be made upon the parties, such service
may be made by the publication of such notice
in the State paper of the State of New York
and in apublic newspaper printed in the county
of Niagara aforesaid, for four weeks prior to
the day on which such hearing is -to be had, by
petition describing," and in lieu thereof to in-
sert "ifit shall be made to appeartosaid court
or the judge thereof that, personal service of
such notice cannot be made for any cause, such
service may be made by publishing the same
in such newspaper and for such a length of
time as the court or judge may direct, which
notice and the petition on which it is issued
shall in all cases describe."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten of sec-
tion five to strike out the words "the United
States" and insert "said company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"notice," in line four of section six, to strike
out, the words "and the court may confirm the
report of the commissioners or recommit it to
the same or other commissioners, as justice
may require, who shall proceed in like manner,
and report their proceedings to the court," and
in lien of these words to insert the following:
And they shall make a report of their proceedings
to one of the courts named in section three of this
act, with the minutes of the testimony taken by them,
if any. On such report being made by said commis-
sioners, the company shall gi\ e notice to the parties
to be affected by the proceedings or then- attorneys, ^
according to the rules and practice of such couit at
any general or special term tbei cot", for the continua-
tion of such report: and if no appeal be taken Ihcrc-
troni the court shall theieupon imifum such rcpoic,
and shall make an order eont aming a recital ot the
substance of the, proceedings in tile matter of the
appraisal, and a, desuiption of the real estate ap-
praised for which compensation is to ho made, and
shall also direct to whom tile money is to be paid or
in what bank, ami in what manner it shall bo depos-
ited by the company. Hut cither pally feeling ag-
grieved at said appraisement, may. within thirty days
after t be same has been returned into court, lile an
appeal theretrom and demand a jury of twelve nun
to estimate ibo damages sustained; but such appeal
shall not inteifere with the rigiits of said company
to enter upon the premises taken, or to do .my a,i t
necessary anil propcriu theconsnuetionof its can.J.
And said partv appealing shall give bonds with suf-
ficient surety or sureties tor the payment of any costs
that may ariso upon such nppea); and in case tho
party appealing docs not obtain averdiet, increasing
or diminishing, as the ease mav be, the award of the
eomm' -sioners, such party shall pay the whole costs
in.cUMed by the appellee as well as lus own; and the
payment into court, for the use of the owner of said
promises taken, of a sum equal to that finally awarded,
shall tie lichl to vest m said ctynpauy thctitleof'said
land and of tho right to use and occupy the same for
the construction, maintenance, and operation of said
canal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
lines two and three, to strike out the words
" commissioners shall have made a satisfactory
report the court shall make an order confirm-
ing Die same, and," and to insert "report, of
such commissioners shall be confirmed, or in
case ofappeal therofioni final judgment thereon
shall have been rendered, the court;" ill line
seven, after the word '' confirmation," lo inset t
"or final judgment:" and at the end of the
section to strike out the words " the United
States" and to insert "said company;" so that
the section will read:
Sue. 7. And bf it further cracted, Thatwhenevcr the
report of such commissioners shall be confirmed, or in
case ofappeal therefrom, final judgment, tbeiconaball
have boon rendered, thccourt shall direeta summary
oftho petition and the report, with the order of con-
firmation, or final judgment, to bo entered ot recoid
in the clerk's otfice of the county ofNiagara, in sai,l
State, in the book of miscellaneous records. And said
commissioners shall be entitled to eight, dollars each
for their services, together with their traveling ex-
penses, for cvety day they are aefnaflv engaged in
the performance of tbeirduties. which shall be added
to the amount, agreed upon m their report, and paid
as a part of said claims. And upon the payment of
the compensation specified in said report lor such
right of way and any such land to the owner or own-
ers thereof, or upon depositing the sum in such bank
or other institution as the court shall designate lor
that purpose, the title to such right of way and lands
shall pass to and be vested in said company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line two, after the word " canal," to strike oat
the following words :
Formilitnry and commercial purposes, and to pro-
vide for the common defense and general welfare of
