2518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May. 9,
the following: that the said assessors of each collec-
tion district, respectively, shall, immediately after
the expiration of the time for hearing appeals con-
cerning taxes returned in the annual list, and irom
time to time, as duties or taxes become liable to be
assessed, make out lists containing the sums payable
according to law upon every object of duty or taxa-
tion for each collection district: which list shall con-
tain the name of each person residing within the said
district, or owning or having the care or superintend-
ence of property lying within the said district, or
engaged m any business or pursuit which is liable to
any tux or duty, when such person or persons are
known, together with the sums payable by each; and'
where there is any property within any collection
district liable to the payment of the said duty or tax,
not owned or occupied by or under the superintend-
ence of any person resident therein, there shall be a
separate list of such property, specifying the sum pay-
able, and the names of the respective proprietors when
known. And the assessor making out any such sepa-
rate list shall transmit to the assessor of the district
where the persons liable to pay such tax reside, or
shall have their principal place of business, copies of
the list of property held by persons so liable to pay
such tax, to the end that the taxes assessed under the
provisions of this act may be paid within the collec-
tion district where the persons liable to pay the same
reside, or may have their principal place of business.
And in all other cases the said assessor shall furnish
to the collectors of the several collection districts,
respectively, within ten days after the time of hear-
ing appeals concerning taxes returned in the annual
list, and from time to time thereafter as required, a
certified copy of such list or lists for their proper col-
lection districts. And in ease it shall be ascertained
that the annual list, or any other list, which may have
been, or which shall hereafter be delivered to any
collector, is imperfect or incomplete in consequence
of the omission of the names of any persons or parties
liable to tax or duty, or in consequence of any omis-
sion, or understatement, or undervaluation, or false
or fraudulent statement contained in any return or
returns made by any persons or parties liable to tax
or duty, the said assessor may, from time to time, or
at anytime within one year, enter on any monthly
or special list the names of such persons or parties so
omitted, together with the amount of tax for which
they may have been or shall become liable, and also
the names of the persons or parties in respect to whose
returns, as aforesaid, there has been or shall be any
omission, undervaluation, understatement, or false
or fraudulent statement, togethej with the amounts
for which such persons or parti€s-inay be liable, over
and above the amount for which they may havebeen,
*or shall be, assessed upon any return or returns made
as aforesaid. And all or any proceedings authorized
bylaw for the ascertainment, assessment, or collection
of any tax or duty, shall be held to apply, as far as
may be deemed necessary, to the proceedings herein
authorized and directed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am authorized by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer a few
amendments to this paragraph, some being
mere verbal amendments.
The CHAIRMAN". If there be no objection
tlie amendments will be considered en masse.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend in the
one hundred and eighty-sixth line by striking
out the words "every object of duty and"
and insert" subject of 5" so it will read, u sub-
ject of taxation."
In line one hundred and ninety-four strike
out the words "payment of the said duty or;"
so it will read, l{ liable to the tax."
After the word "year," in line two hundred
and twenty-one, insert the following, in order
to render the meaning more definite :
Commencing from the time of the passaere of this
act or from the time of the delivery of the list to the
collector as aforesaid.
In line two hundred and thirty-one, after
the word "aforesaid," insert the following:
And shall certify and return said list to the col-
lector as required by law.
Strike out the last sentence of the paragraph,
beginning with the word "and" in line two
hundred and thirty-one, and insert the follow-
ing; it is a mere recasting of the sentence to
make it more clear:
And all or any proceedings authorized by law for
the ascertainment of the liability to any tax or duty,
the assessment or collection thereof shall be held to
apply as far as may be necessary to the proceedings
herein authorized and directed.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. "WARNER. I movethe following amend-
ment :
Add as follows:
But no reassessment shall be made, as aforesaid, in
eases where assessments have been made bona fide
upon manufactured goods, and when such goods have
been sold upon the faith of the same.
Mr. GARFIELD. The committee have a
section prepared on that very point, to which
the gentleman can offer his amendment.
Mr. WARNER. I withdraw it for the present.
The Clerk read the next clause, as follows:
That section twenty-two be amended by striking
out all aftertheenactingclause, and inserting iqJieu
thereof the following: that there shall be allowed
and paid to the several assessors a salary of $1,500 per
annum, payable quarterly; and, in addition thereto,
where the receipts of the collection district shall ex-
ceed the sum of $100,000 and shall not exceed the sum
of $400,000 annually, one half of one per cent, upon
the excess of receipts over $100,000. Where the re-
ceipts of a collection district shall exceed 6400,000,
and shall not exceed $600,000, one fifth of one per
cent, upon the excess of receipts over $400,000. Where
the receipts shall exceed $600,000, one tenth of one
per cent, upon such excess; but the salary of no as-
sessor shall in any ease exceed the sum of $4,000% And
the several assessors shall be allowed and paid the
sums actually and necessarily expended, with the
approval of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
for office rent ; but no account for such rent shall be
allowed or paid until it shall have been verified in
such manner as the Commissioner shall require, and
shall have been audited and approved by the proper
officer of the Treasury Department. And the several
assessors shall be paid, after the account thereof shall
have been rendered to and_ approved by the proper
officers of the Treasury, their necessary and reasona-
ble charges for clerk hire; but no such account shall
be approved unless it shall state the name or names
of the clerk or clerks employed and the precise pe-
riods of time for which they were respectively em-
ployed, and the rate of compensation agreed upon,
and shall be accompanied by an affidavit of the as-
sessor stating that such service was actually required
by the necessities of his office, and was actually ren-
dered, and also by the affidavit of each clerk, stating
that he has rendered the service charged in such ac-
count on his behalf, the_ compensation agreed upon,
and that he has not paid, deposited, or assigned, or
contracted to pay, deposit, or assign any part of such
compensation to the use of any other person, or in
any way, directly or indirectly, paid or given, or
contracted to pay or give, any reward or compensa-
tion for his office or employment, or the emoluments
thereof; and the chief clerk of any such assessor is
hereby authorized to administer, in the absence of
the assessor, such oaths or affirmations as are required
this act. And there shall be allowed and paid to
each assistant assessor four dollars for every day ac-
tually employed in collecting lists and making valu-
ations, the number of days necessary for that purpose
to be certified by the assessor, and three dollars for
every hundred persons assessed contained in the tax
list, as completed and delivered by him to the as-
sessor, and twenty-five cents for each permit granted
to any tobacco, snuff, or cigar manufacturer; and the
several assistant assessors in cities of more than ten
thousand inhabitants shall be allowed, in the settle-
ment of their accounts, a sum not exceeding $300 per
annum for office rent; but no account for such rent
shall beallowed or paid until it shall have been veri-
fied in such manner as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall require, and shall have been audited
and approved by the proper officer of the Treasury
Department; and other assistant assessors, when em-
ployed outside of the town in which they reside, in
addition to the compensation now allowed by law,
shall, during such time so employed, reeeivc one dol-
lar per day; and the said assessors and assistant as-
sessors, respectively, shall be paid, after the account
thereof shall havebeen rendered to and approved by
the proper officers of the Treasury, their necessary
and reasonable chargcs for stationery and blank
books used in the discharge of their duties, and for
postage actually paid on letters and documents re-
ceived or sent, and relating exclusively to official
business: Provided, That no such account shall be
approved unless it shall state the date and the par-
ticular item of every such expenditure, and shall be
verified by the oath or affirmation of such assessor or
assistant assessor; and the compensation herein spe-
cified shall be in full for all expenses not otherwise
particularly authorized: Provided, further^ That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized to fix such additional rates of compensa-
tion to he made to assessors and assistant assessors in
cases where a collection district embraces more than
a single congressional district, and to assessors and
assistant assessors, revenue agents, and inspectors in
Louisiana, Georgia, South Carolina, Alabama, Flor-
ida, Texas, Arkansas, North Carolina, Mississippi,
Tennessee, Missouri, California, and Oregon, and the
Territories, as may appear to him to be just and
equitable, in consequence of the greater cost of liv-
ing and traveling in those States and Territories,
and as may, in his judgment, be necessary to secure
the services of competent officers; but the rates of
compensation thus allowed shall not exceed the rates
paid to similar officers in such States and Territories
respectively.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend on page
19, lines two hundred 'and forty and two hun-
dred and forty-one, by striking out the words
"shall exceed the sum of $100,000 and," and by
striking out in the two hundred and forty-third
line the words "excess of," and the words
"over $100,000."
Mr. Chairman, the effect of the amendment
is to allow the assessor the commission of a
half per cent, on the first $100,000 received,
which, by the terms of the existing act, is not
allowed. I always thought it a niggardly pro-
vision which deprived those officers of that
small commission on the first $100,000. I am
satisfied from the great reduction in this bill
and the great number of articles put upon the
free list, that in a great many districts where
this small allowance on the first $100,000 is
received, the compensation of these officers,
upon whom devolves the practical labor of
the revenue department of the Government
will be inadequate. I have made a calculation
which shows what will be the result on the
compensation to be received by these officers,
which is only one half of one per cent. They
receive now for collecting $200,000, $2,000.
That includes the $1,500 salary they receive.
They receive, where the receipts are $300,000,
$2,500, and where the receipts are $400,000,
$3,000. The effect of the proposed modifica-
tion, which allows one half of one per cent, on
the first $100,000 as well as on the excess up
to $400,000, is simply to alter that, and where
the receipts are $200,000, to make it $2,500
per annum, including the salary of $1,500
allotted to them bylaw; where the receipts
are $300,000, they will receive a salary of
$3,000 ; and where the receipts are $400,000,
they will receive $3,500. It seems to me these
are not inadequate rates of compensation for a
proper class of men to discharge these important
duties.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe we have hardly
tolerated the raising of any salaries. I live in
a rural district, and there is no complaint of
the salaries there.
Mr. THAYER. It is easy to kill any prop-
osition of this kind by saying you propose the
raising of salaries. The gentleman knows per-
fectly well the effect of that cry in this House,
and therefore it is he makes that answer to my
proposition. Now, sir, that is not the object
of the proposition. It is to prevent this com-
pensation from being reduced by reduction of
receipts which your bill will occasion, and to
make the compensation adequate to the men
who have to discharge these duties.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. In line three hundred and
twenty-five, after the word "respectively," I
move to insert the following:
The collectors of internal revenue acting as dis-
bursing officers shall be allowed all hills of assistant
assessors heretofore paid by them in pursuance of
directions of the Commissioner of Internal Pi-evenue,
notwith^fandingthe assistant assessor did not certify
to hours therein, or that two dollars per diem was
deducted from the salary or compensation before the
computation of tax thereon.
Mr. JEXCKES. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I oppose it because it is a rider on the
proviso. My intention was to move that the
proviso be stricken out. I see no reason why
the Secretary of the Treasury should have
power to make or provide for these excep-
tional cases. If we are to pass a law, it should
be uniform throughout the United States, and
we should not leave it to any executive officer
to suspend the operation of it so as to provide
a different compensation than that provided
by law. The irregularity suggested in the
amendment is one of that character. Jt would
leave it to tfre executive officer to do away
with a penalty. 1 hope it will not be adopted,
and then I will follow it by a motion to strike
ou£ the whole proviso.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Morrill
was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to .strike out the
following proviso:
Provided further. That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall be, and he is hereby. Authorized to fix such
additional rates of compensation to be made to as-
sessors and assistant assessors in cases where a collec-
tion district embraces more than a single congres-
v lr r< \.' 'JL-iorma, icxas, Arkansas,
JNorth Carolina, Mississippi, Tennessee, Missouri,
California, and Oregon, and the Terrifoiies, as may
appear to him to be just and equitable, in conse-
quence of the greater cost of living and traveling in
those States and Territories, and an may, in his judg-
ment, be necessary to secure the services of compe-
tent officers; but the rates of compensation thus
allowed shall not exeeed the rates paid to similar
onicers 111 such States and Territories respectively.
J his act affects the compensation of assess-
ors, assistant assessors, revenue agenls, and
inspectors throughout the United Slates. This
proviso enables the Secretary of the Treasury
