3478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
the States bordering on the northern frontier, and to
regulate commerce among the several States, as well
as to relieve the Treasury, as far as may be practica-
ble, from a largo expenditure of money, by availing
itself of private enterprise.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line forty, after the word "appropriated," to
strike out the words "by the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line forty, after the word "provided," to strike
out the following words:
The title to and fee in which land shall be and re-
* main in the United States, as a guarantee that the
canal to be constructed thereon shall at all times,
during the season of navigation, bo kept in repair
and open to the free use of the United States for mil-
itary and naval purposes; buttlieeorporation hereby
created, and its successors, shall always and at all
times, and in perpetuity, have, hold, and enjoy the
rigrht, and bo allowed and permitted, without let or
hindcrance of any kind, to enter upon, use, occupy,
and enjoy the said land and every part thereof, Iree
of rent or any charge whatever, for the iiurposes and
objects herein expressed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. There is a change of phrase-
ology that I wish to make in the clause imme-
diately following the one just stricken out. It
is in line fifty-three of section eight to strike
out after the word "upon" the words "pass
to," and after the word "and" to insert the
word "may;" so that it will read:
And all the rights, powers, and privileges created .
? hereby shall be, and the same hereby are, conferred
upon, and may be used and enjoyed by, said com-
pany upon the terms and conditions following, &e.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That alter-
ation will be made if there be no objection.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section eight, line seventy-six, after the
word "appointed," to strike out the words
" by the President."
Mr. KIRK WOOD. I should like to have the
Senator having the bill in charge refer to the
part of the bill in which the appointment of
these engineers is provided for. This amend-
ment proposes to strike out their appointment
by the President. In looking over the bill I
do not see how else the engineers who are to
examine this work are provided for.
Mr. HOWE. It is in the second section of
the bill.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The provision on which
we are now acting is this: it speaks of the con-
struction of the canal as it progresses, that it
shall be of " permanent and substantial mate-
rial and in good workmanlike manner, subject,
as the work progresses, to the examination,
direction, and approval of the engineers to be
appointed by the President as is herein spe-
cified." Now, the words " by the President"
being stricken out, the engineers will then be,
under the second section, the engineers and
agents of the company.
Mr. HOWE. Two of them.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If this amendment be
made, as I understand it, the Government
really has no supervision over the work as it
progresses, to know whether it is done in a
workmanlike manner or not.
Mr. HOWE. It will have the supervision
of one engineer appointed by the President,
and three directors.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That is no control at all.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly not. The Govern-
ment do not propose to control the company.
If the Government was going to build the work
itself it would not employ a company.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I understand that; but
is the Government to have no controlling power
as to the manner in which the work shall go
on; to see whether it is according to the law
or not, as set down here?
Mr. HOWE. It has whatever protection the
supervision of that engineer and its three direct-
ors can give.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Otherwise it will be left
wholly with the company?
Mr. GRIMES. All the duty of the Govern-
ment is to furnish the money.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I undersfand that in
building the Pacific railroad there is no money
allowed to be paid to the company until a com-
mission appointed by the President shall go
on and view the work and certify that it has
been built according to the law. Now, by this
amendment, if it prevails, we have«jio such
safeguards in regard to this work; but the cer-
tification of an engineer of the company alone
is all that is required before we are called upon
to pay the money under this bill.
Mr. HOWE. The security of the Govern-
ment is provided for in another clause of the
bill. It is not affected by this clause at ail.
When we come to that the Senator will see
whether it is adequate or "not. If it is not
adequate that will be the place to make it
adequate. This, however, has nothing to do
with that question.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. This amendment can be
adopted now, and we can have a separate vote
on it hereafter if necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in section eight, line eighty-
three, after the word "thereof" to strike out
the following words:
And when thus completed the said canal and Ni-
agara river shall be a military, naval, postal, and
public highway, connecting Lakes Brie and Ontario,
and shall be established as such to the United States
and the people thereof forever, and no obstructions
shall bo placed therein which shall impede or inter-
fere with the uninterrupted navigation thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line one hundred and twenty-five, to strike out
the words "or neglect" before the word "to,"
and after the word "to" to strike out the word
"perform" and insert the words "comply
with;" and in line one hundred and twenty-
eight, after the word "declare," to strike out
the words "the said contract void, and;" and
after the word "rights" in the same line to
strikeout the words "thereunder and" and
insert the words "of said company;" so that
the clause will read:
8. Iu ease of any failure on the part of said com-
pany to commence said work or to'complete the canal
within tile period herein specified, or to keep the
same in good repair and condition, or of a neglect to
perform any and all of the conditions hereinbefore
stated, the President of the United States shall notify
the president of such company thereof in writing,
specifying wherein said company is^ in default; and
upon receipt of such notice, if the said company shall
fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this
act set forth and specified in said notice, for thespace
of six months after the service thereof, the President
may declare all rights of said company under this law
forfeited.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line one hundred and thirty, after the word
" and" to strike out the following words:
May terminate said contract, and at once proceed
to relet said eanal, and make and enter into a new
contract for the construction and operation of said
canal with any other company which may be incor-
porated forsuch purpose, under the laws of the United
States, upon the terms and conditions above stated.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
May take such proceedings as he may deem advisa-
ble to terminate the possession of said company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment waa in section nine,
line seven, to strike out the word "hundred"
and insert "thousand;" so that the clause will
read:
And shall be divided into shares of $100 each, and
which shallbe subscribed for and held in not less than
one share or mors than two thousand shares by any
one person.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
six, after the word " commissioners," to strike
out the following words:
To open books for subscription to the stock of said
corporation, on which shall be paid at the time of
subscription ten per oent. thereof, and they shall open
such books on or before the lstdayof Augnstnext, at
such places as they mayappoint.havingfirst given no-
tice of the time and place of meetinglor that purpose
by publishing the same once atloastineach week for
four weeks successively, in a newspaper printed and
published in the city of Sew Yor't; Chicago, in the
State of Illinois; Detroit, in the State of Michigan ;
Milwaukee, in the State of Wisconsin; Cleveland, in
the State of Ohio; and Boston, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts. The aforesaid subscription books shall
be kept open, at theplaces designated iu the aforesaid
notice, for at lsast three days. A majority of Said
commissionei-sshallconstitute aquorum for the trans-
action of businoss, and they may adjourn from time
to time, and, after the first three days, to such places
as they may think fit, until the requisite number of
shares shall be subscribed for; and in case a sur-
plus of—
And to insert in lieu thereof:
One or more of whom shall open books of subscrip-
tion to the stock of said company in each of the cities
of New York; of Chicago, in the State of Illinois; of
Milwaukee, in the State of Wisconsin ; of Detroit,in
the State of Michigan; and of Boston, in the State
of Massachusetts. Notice of the time and place for
opening said books in each of said cities shall be given
by publishing the same in two leading newspapers
printed or published in each of said cities, at least
once in each week for four successive weeks prior to
the time of meeting. Such books of subscription shall
be kept open at each of the places above designated,
at least three days, and no subscription shall he re-
ceived unless the subscriber shall deliver to the com-
missioner in charge of the books, a certificate of de-
posit issued by some national depository for ten per
cent, of the amount subscribed and payable to the
ordwif the treasurer of theNiagara Ship-Canal Com-
pan* In case twenty thousand shares of said stock
shall not be subscribed for in manner aforesaid within
said three days, said books may be opened at such
other places and for such further time as a majority
of said commissioners may direct, and until the re-
guisitenumber of shares shall be so subscribed; and
in case more than twenty thousand.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend that amend-
ment in the forty-third line by striking out the
words, "the requisite number of" before the
word "shares," and inserting "twenty thou-
sand."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
line sixteen, to strike out the word "States"
and to insert "of the cities ;" in line eighteen
to insert the word "and" before "Oswego,"
and after "Oswego" to strike out the words
"and New York;" and in line nineteen, after
"New York," to strike out "and in the city
of Chicago so that the clause will read:
The annual meetings of the stockholders shall be
held at such time, between the first Wednesday of
May andthe first Wednesday of June in each succeed-
ing year, and at such place in the county of Niagara,
State of New York, as shall be from.time to timo
fixed by the directors for the purpose; and in all
cases at least four weeks' notice of the time and place
of meeting shall be published in one newspaper in
each of the cities in which subscription books have
been opened, and in the counties of Niagara and
Oswego, in the State of New York, in the manner in
which the notice for opening the books for subscrip-
tion is required to be published by the preceding sec-
tion of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twelve,
line two, to strike out the word "eighteen"
and insert "fifteen" before the word "direct-
ors;" in line four, after the word "appointed,"
to insert "by the President;" in line five to
strike out the words "pleasure of the Presi-
dent" and insert "term of three years;" in
line seven to strike out the word "fifteen"
and insert "twelve" before "directors;" in
line thirteen to strike out the word "fifteen"
and insert "twelve" before "directors;" and
in line twenty-one to strike out the word "fire"
and insert" four" before the word "directors;"
so that the section will read:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the affairs
of the said corporation shall be managed by a board
of fifteen directors, three of whom shall represent the
Government and be appointed by the President, and
hold their offices during the term of three years, and
shall not be stockholders in said corporation. The
remaining twelve directors, with the exception here-
inafter mentioned, shall hold their offices for three
years, and until others shall bcelectedm theirplaces.
A majority of the board of directors shall constitute
a quorum for the transaction of all business connected
with said corporation. Immediately after the first
election of directors, as herein provided, the twelve
directors, representing said corporation, shall bo
divided by lot into three classes of equal number;
and the term of office of the first class shall end on
the first Wednesday of June nextsuceeeding the due
organization of the said corporation, according to the
provisions of this act: of those of the second class, on
the first Wednesday of June in the year next succeed-
ing: of tho>,eof the third class, on the first Wednesday
of June following. At each succeeding annual meet-
ingofthestockholdersfourdirectorsand three inspect-
ors oi election shaH be elected, by ballot, to fill the
places of those whose term of office will expire on
the first Wednesday of Juneof that year. And on all
questions submitted to the stockholders for determi-
nation, cacb shall be entitled to one vote, either in
person or by proxy, for every share of stock held or
represented by him.
The amendment was agreed to.
