?8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Freedmen s Bureau—Mrr Chanter.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
ship with these " illuminati" and latter-day
saints of fanaticism. Sir, the necessity of a rep-
resentation of the people of the South was never
more necessary or evident than at this time.
Such wholesale misrepresentation of the South
as discussion on this and similar bills has eli-
cited is unbecoming in Uiosewho indulge in it,
as it is unjust to the people of the North, who
are desirous of sealing their great victories over
the South with a generous forgetfulness of the
past and with magnanimous trust in the honor
of the people of the South for the future. The
Union preserved, the people's wish made per-
petual in the bonds of sympathy, honor, and
mutual interest—tyranny and usurpation of
extreme military and despotic powers by the
General Government cannot effect this.
MOTIVES AND FL.tXS OP THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
Sir, the people of the North are not fairly rep-
resented by such sentiments as have been ut-
tered in this debate and on kindred subjects.
Mr. j t/LiAJT, in the House of Representatives,
January 29, 18G0, said : ,
" Let us not make enemies and outlaws of four mil-
lion people, among: whom no tr.utoi or sympathizer
with trea^onhas ever yet been found; who were eager
to help urf from the very beginning of our straggle,
and ins soon as we were ready gladly furnished neariv
two hundred thousand soldiers to aid in saving the
nation's life; and who, if allowed justice at our hands,
will be found in the future, as they have been in
the past, our effective auxiliaries and most faithful
friends."
Mr. Doxnelly, in the House of Represent-
atives, February 1, 18G6, said:
" There are certain measures upon which the dom-
inant party seem agreed. They are:
"1. The amendment of the Constitution prohibit-
ing the payment of anj debt contracted in further-
ance of the rebellion.
" 2. The amendment to confine the basis of repre-
sentation to those actually represented in Conprres*.
44 3, The ]>a.-^<i£re of the bill now under confedera-
tion, enlarging the powers of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau.''
Mr. Boutwf.i.i., in the House of Representa-
tives, said, in urging the necessity of giving the
right of suffrage to the negro, (extracts taken
from National Anti-Slavery Standard of Febru-
ary 8, ItStSiS-.)
" I dcclaie, after the gravest deliberation and the
calmest reflection, and i bay it with sorrow, looking
upon the country, rent by opposite opinions on this
question, that, with out sut-h a measure as T suggest for
the southern States, this Government cannot outlast
those who are now in tile vi^or of manhood. Why and
how will it fail?
"It will fail and fall from the fact that by restora-
tion without this ail-essential guarantee we put into
the hands of our enemies in tiie South two weapons,
the blows of which we shall be powerless to parry.
One is the assumption by the Government of a vast
arid overwhelming weight of indebtedness, to be fol-
lowed by a. foreign war. Wo see to-day how difficult
it is to restrain and control the people of this country
in their desire to take just vengeance {or the wrongs
inflicted upon them by Kngland and France. Sup-
pose the power of this Government was intrusted to
the hands ot the late slaveholders, the men recently
engaged in i cbcltion. Does any man believe that they
are restored to fheir ri^ht mind, that they will give an
ardent support to the Government ? All the testimony
is that they are as alien and hostile to this Govern-
ment as ever, and that they only seek an opportunity
to strike a deadly blow.
" What will be said of us, not by Christian, but by
heathen nations even, if, after accepting the blood and
Knerifioes of these men, we hull them from us and
allow them to bo the victims of those who hive tyran-
nized over them for centuries? I know of no crime
that exceeds this; I know of none that is its parallel,
and if this country is true to itself it wiil rise in tho
majesty of its strength and maintain a policy, hero
and ever.\ where, by which the rights of colored people
shall be secured through their own power—in peace
the ballot, in war the bayonet."
Mr. Sumne::, in his speech delivered at Wor-
cester, Massachusetts, September 14, lSt>5, says
also:
"Irreversible guarantees cannot be obtained by
pardons. Lt is enough to state this proposition : for
all must see at once thatrig'nts will he veiy uncertain
if they have no protection exceptin the gratitude of
a pardoned rebel. A jail-delivery is not a guarantee.
Such a breakwater would be impotent against the
malignant sea. Without accepting absolutely the
dogma of Cardinal Mazarin, that men are governed
more through hope than through gratitude, it is clear
that, until security is won, we cannot aflord to part
with any influence or agency through which control
maybe established. Mercy is a beautiful prerogative,
exercised always with incxpre.-sible delight^ but on
this account we nm-t gu ird against Us fascination,
and not, in thegenerou: luxury, imperil a whole com-
munity. This is very clear. A pardon is in form an
act of grace, but in reality a letter of license, ibis is
all."
And again:
"Therefore, I insist, do not put political trust in
that man who has been engaged in warring upon his
country. I do not ask his punishment. I would not
be harsh. There is nothing humane which I would
reject. Nothing in hate. Nothing in vengeance.
Nothing in passion. I am for gentleness. I am for
a velvet glove; but I wish the hand for awhile of
iron."
MOTIVES.
Poisoned springs, Mr. Speaker, are at once the
curse of tlie victim who uses and of the wretch
who defiles God's blessing. The motives of the
men who cry war! war! when there is no war;
who seek by slander and studied misrepresen-
tation to keep alive the sectional rivalry and
anger which a fierce civil strife very naturally
may have created; or who seek to revive the
causes of bitter and party feeling which gave
rise to that civil strife now victoriously ended
by this Government: or who, from personal
hatred to the people of the South for real or
imagined wrongs done to themselves, would
enlist the bad passions of a whole nation in a
policy which may punish the southern people,
by fixing such tyrannical and degrading laws
as this and the kindred measures put forward
under the name of national guarantees; who,
while quoting tho Word of God, pass acts of
the devil, are as the poisoned wells, which
deal death in secret, and practice revenge in
the temple of God.
Sir, so base had Italian revenge become in
the dark ages that the Pope, vicegerent of God.
at his installation drinks not the holy wine until
the officiating priest has tasted the chalice. Sir,
this spirit of sly and politic revenge is hostile
to the spirit and character of a free people.
"The gloved hand''' which tlie Republican
leader would use conceals a poisoned ring,
such as wicked tyrants used to destroy those
whom they seemed most to love. Away with
this hypocrisy and pretense! Again declare
open war, and call out the armies of the He-
public to fight like brave and free men.
Cease poisoning the wells of our national life
and the sacred chalice of Christian love. If
you will be tyrants, at least- be brave and hon-
est, and do not claim to seek security for the
nation while laboring for the perpetuity of the
Republican party and the perpetration of per-
sonal revenge.
No free people looks calmly on the cxcrcise
of tyranny or of an unconstitutional power,
even though administered by its own Govern-
ment and in the name of its Representatives.
The people of the North love liberty and cher-
ish all the safeguards our fathers threw around
it, as embodied in the Constitution. Such
measures as this and such arguments as I have
just quoted belong not to this age and people.
They are foreign to the spirit of civil and re-
ligious liberty. They are feudal, inquisitorial,
imperial. They belong to the councils of Herod
aud Ctesar, and come not from the teachings of
the divine Master. They spring from devilish
hate. They rank with the accursed acts of tho
Pharisee who loosened Barabbas aud scourged
the Saviour. The thief upon tlie cross would
have died utnorgiven and doomed but for the
forgiving spirit of the crucified God. Are they
who thus preach hale and persecution, who tiy
to keep alive tho flame of civil war in the hearts
of the people, fit representatives of the " Chris-
tian people of tlie North V Out of their own
months comes their self-condemnation. If they
are not hypocrites, they are atheists; if not
atheists, than demagogues, and traitors to that
Union they have sworn to protect and preserve.
HISTORY OF TIII'l I'ttUEDMRN'S HUTlEAU.
The first bill of this series was introduced,
the gentleman from Massachusetts informs the
House, inthe Thirty-Seventh Congress, by him-
self, under the name of " Bureau of Emanci-
pation." Ho admits that it was what he calls
"novel legislation, without precedent, in any
nation.'' Verv naturally the distinguished chair-
man of the committee who had charge of the
bill, Judge White, of Indiana, did not succeed
in reporting it for action by the House. The
bill entitled " An act to establish a Bureau of
Freedmen's Affairs" was reported from the Sen-
ate in the beginning of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress ; but delay and debate seem to have killed
the measure. And finally a committee of con-
ference of both Houses quarreled over the dis-
tribution of patronage, being unable to decide
whether the War Department or 'Treasury De-
partment should have the profits of the scheme.
The consequence was, an independent bureau,
with a head communicating directly with the
President, and resting for its support upon the
arm of the War Department. This bill wasalso
defeated. Another conference committee was
chosen, and a bill attaching the bureau to the
War Department, and embracing refugees as
well as freedmen in its terms, was agreed upon
and approved March 3,1805. '1 That bill is now
the law."
When the bureau was first organized it was
represented that it would be self-sustaining.
Thatrepresentationhasproved untrue; and now
large appropriations are called for to keep the
bureau alive. A scheme introduced under the
popularpleaofeeonomyisnow eostingthc coun-
try from eleven to twenty-eight million dollars
per annum, with untold expenses in the future.
Now, sir, how did this bureau come to bo so
costly ?
First, in supporting an army of idle negroes
with food, homes, and all the comforts as well
as necessaries of life.
Secondly, by transporting them from point
to point at the option of the ignorant and im-
provident negro who might choose to take a
trip North, East, West, or South.
Third, by transporting a few white refugees
and supplying them with temporary shelter and
absolute necessaries of life. Lands, houses,
cattle, farm stock of every kind, farming imple-
ments, guns, powder, shot, libraries, household
furniture, finery of every sort were distributed
or allowed to the negro slave, while the poor
white man was driven from his home and land,
to which he had a right and title, that he might
become a public pauper and live on tlie cold
charity of the Government, or be transported
away from the homestead which he was forced
to surrender to the negio. Negroes \ ere
brought from distant sections of the coiinuy to
squat on the lands of loyal white men and in-
nocent minors, widows, and orphans who had
nothing to do with the war. Now that the v. ar
is over the whites are left to take care of them-
selves, and the blacks are to receive the ben-
efits of the bureau.
This present bill is to secure tlie protection
of Government to the blacks exclusively, not-
withstanding the apparent liberality of the
measure to all colors and classes.
The character of the bill if not tho preju-
dices of race would prevent the white man
from degrading himself to the condition of a
public pauper or modern serf of the soil de-
pendent on the Government through the Sec-
retary of War.
General Howard's report establishes the fact
that the present bureau gave most of its aid ex-
clusively to the negro freedmen. 1 inseit the
words of that report io show the practical effect
of the bureau has been exclusive!} for the
negro:
"Of Tnoivportatioa,—As soon Ji5* tho w:>r rioted,
"white- refuse-' fioni every part ox the f'oiUli Fought,
immediately, to return to their joimt-i I.miIH'?.
" As early as jVIay 80,1 made provision «■>>•' ;
'Loyal refugees who have been driven fioni their
homes will, on theii return, be piotcd ed fu<m abuse,
and the euJamitiesoi then situation i elie\ ed «sJ'ai as
possible. If destitute, they will be <s;di-d wii.h trans-
portation and tood when deemed expedient w hilc in
transitu, retmniir-r to their foiinoi homes."
" This ordei was approved bv tho Pro-.'dent, and my
requisitions wu e bonoi ed bv the quart emitters de-
partment. In eousf e(Uoiice of abu>os u v;a? found
neccd>ary, ^lvenueully, to restrict the o d< r to eases
where hnm.nij'tv ovid'-ntb ♦lorrmndod the tr asporta-
tion. About two thou-'i*'>d eiiihiv-iiv w'riu.s
men, women, and ehddi '.m, were hoin
