1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1550
not pretend that they went out of the State of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. AI113RS. They did go out of the State
of Pennsylvania, as I have before explained—
into Maryland and even Virginia.
Mr. BOYER. They were in three States
beside their own.
Mr. Ml ERS. Air. Chairman, I think I Iuin e
been very good-naturod in yielding the floor
thus far, but I decline to yield any more, as I
have only a word or two further to say. This
bill refunds to the State of Pennsylvania the
pay of those soldiers called for by the Presi-
dent in 1863, when General Lee was marching
to his defeat at Gettysburg. This was not the
first time she furnished men at a week's notice
to defend the borders of three great States and
•aid the noble Army in which thousands of her
sons were battling for the Union. In 1862, when
Lee's rebel hordes were driven back from An-
tietam, twenty-five thousand of her sons joined
the army of the Potomac and received the thanks
of the Government for the aid they lent, yet
not onp dollar was demanded from the Govern-
ment for their pay or expenses, and never will
be. The soldiers of 1803 were paid at the re-
quest of the President and Secretary ot War
by the banks of Philadelphia. The State as-
sumed and paid the amount to them as a
matter of honor : and justice and honor demand
that we shall no longer delay the liquidation of
its claim.
Mr. WKNWORTH. _ Mr. Chairman, 1 was
liot here at the last session of Congress when
the Clmmiittoi! on Appropriations was created.
I do not understand how far the jurisdiction
of this committee extends as contrasted with
the Committee of Claims. There have been
presented by me, and I suppose by a great
many other members of Congress, claims for
this same kind of service, and they have gener-
ally been referred to the Committee of Claims.
But the Committee on Appropriations is
rather a privileged committee to carry on the
Government, and yet, I believe, it is confined
to those appropriations only that have hereto-
fore been provided for by existing laws. That
is the case, I understand, with this appropria-
tion. But in regard to the amendment, 1 un-
derstand it has not been provided for by any
existing law. The cfiairiuan. however, has
decided that the amendment is in order.
Now, sir, if this amendment is in order, why
may- we not go on and amend this bill indefi-
nitely? If the Committee of Claims had written
out what bills were pending before them for mil-
itary damages, 1 suppose it would be in order,
under this ruling, to append thcvji to this bill
asamendmenfs. Hereafter, then, asthisamend-
munt, is decided to be in order, I shall take
good cine to have some of these claims pro-
vided for by existing law referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations; and havingdonethat,
I have made one point. I start with legality,
and I am in order. 'Then it is <ivsiy nece>sarv
to have enough of these private claims, and
have them decided in order, and we can vote
away millions.
Now, the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Bmixk]
has embodied in his amendment claims of all
the loyal States, and my own State, of course,
among the rest. But really I do not know
what the claims of the "people of Illinois are
upon this Government. As I walk about the
streets of the city of Chicago I frequently see
a man who has lost an arm or a leg, and some-
times both arms or both legs. Then, again, I
meet a mother who has lost a son, or a widow
who has lost a husband in the war. Now, I do
not know how to make good a broken heart by
bringing here a claim in dollars and cents in
such a ease.
I remember, upon this subject of damages,
a letter written by a distinguished statesman
wdiose name we honored the other day by voting
that his portrait be placed within this Capitol
—I refer to Hon. Joshua R. Giddings. That
letter, Mr. Chairman, was addressed to you,
[Mr. Washbukxe, of Illinois.] I have never
seen the doctrine contained in it refuted. I
regret that you have it not here with you, so
that 1 could have it read to this House. It
covered the whole subject of claims upon the
General Government; and the principle is this,
that while you can measure damages in the
burning of a house; while you can ascertain the
number of rails in a fence that the rebel army-
has destroyed ; while you can approximate to
the quantity of corn destroyed in the field or in
a granary, how are you to measure the damages
to those men who have lost their legs or their
arms in fighting for their country, or how are
you to compensate for the loss of a husband or
a father? \V hen, sir, are we going to see claims
presented here for losses of this sort estimated
in dollars and cents ? Now, until we can make
good to these bereaved mothers and widows the
loss of their brave sons and husbands, I, for
one, do not propose to pay a dollar to pay for
a rail fence, or a shanty, or any personal prop-
erty.
Perhaps I am going a little further into this
matter than I ought to go, because the amend-
ment pending covers the whole subject. So
far as the State of Illinois is concerned in this
bill—and my friend has introduced a bill, I
understand, to cover the losses of the State of
Illinois—F tell you that millions will not pay
the poor folks of my State for what they have
lost, and they have put in no claims here for
personal damages.
Mr. Chairman, I am more particular in mak-
ing these remarks upon this occasion because
1 think the time has eoine when, if we do not
limit the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, we should certainly exercise the
right of amending the bills which they bring in.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, I do not rise
for the purpose so much of opposing this hill,
as of endeavoring to elicit a little light upon it,
which, it seems to mo, the subject requires.
1 understand that in response to the question
put by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Went-
wohth J who has just taken his seat, the chair-
man of the Committee, on Appropriations says
that this is an appropriation provided for by
existing law. I desire to ask him, prelimina-
rily, to what law he refers as authorizing this
appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. The law which authorized
the calling out of the troops; the general law
authorizing the President fo call on the States
for troops. He did call upon {he State of Penn-
sylvania, under that law. and those troops were
furnished under the requisition of the Secre-
tary of War. As I said before, this amount
would have been paid without any trouble, if
the appropriation had not run out.
Mr. HALE. 1 did not know but that the
chairman, in his answer, referred to the same
bill which is referred.to in the body of the bill
—the law of February 25, 18(>2.
I wish now to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Commit!eo on Appropriations to
what seems to me, with all the light I can get
upon this bill, to be at least a misrccital in it,
as the facts are stated by the friends of the bill
on this floor. The bill rccitcs that this appro-
priation is made to supply a deficiency in pay-
ing the Army under the act of February 20.
18(>2. The statements of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, and of other
friends of the bill, are that this appropriation
is for the payment, of" troops called out at the
time of the battle of Gettysburg, in July, 1863.
I wish to call the attention of the gentleman
and of the House to the fact that the act of
February 25, 1802, was an appropriation bill
for the year ending June 30, 1862: and that
appropriation was contained in two lines,
merely:
"For amount required to refund to the States ex-
penses inclined on account of volunteers called into
the field, $15,000,000."
I desire to ask how under that appropria-
tion of $33,000,000 for the fiscal year ending
"0th June. 1862, there could be a deficiency to
be supplied by this bill for expenses incurred
in July, 1863.
In the next place, this bill contains another
recital which may be all true, and it may be
inserted as a " stump speech in the belly of the
bill." If true, 1 confess I should like to know
whese the evidence of it is to be found, and
where is the. difference between this and any
other war claim in that respoct. 1 refer to the
recital that these moneys were advanced at the
request of the Government for the payment of
troops in the service of the United States under
express promise of repayment. I desire to
know where that express promise of repay-
ment is to be found, by whom it was made,
when it was made, and to what expenses it
applied.
These are facts on which we have, as yet, no
light in the House; and while I have every
disposition to award to the State of Pennsyl-
vania whatever may be justly her due from- the
United States on account of expenses incurred •
in raising volunteers, it does seem to me, from
the light I have been enabled t<? gain so far
upon the subject, that this bill contains recitals
that are not supported by any evidence before
the House, and recitals which are somewhat
inconsistent with the past record of the House.
Before yielding the tloor I wish to say a word
more in reference to the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaise.] While
I have been favorably disposed toward the bill
proposed by the gentleman, and while I have
no disposition, certainly,"as at present advised,
to oppose it, it does seem to me that it ought
not to come before the House in this form; that
his amendment ought not to prevail.
I trust the gentleman will in due time with-
draw it; and that when we get all the requisite
information, we may come to a vote on the bill
reported by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS. In reply to what the gen-
tleman frotn New York [Mr. Hale] has said
about a special agreement, I beg leave to read
again what I read a short time ago. ' Before'
doing so, I will say to the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wen'twortii] that the Committee on
Appropriations takes cognizance of what is re-
ferred to them by the Departments. This mat-
ter was referred to us by the War Department,
as will be seen by the following letter from the
Secretary of War, addressed to me, during the
last Congress, as chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means:
Wak Department,
Washington City, January 4,1864.
Sir: The Department has this day received re-
turns of the amounts required for the payment of
the miiitia called out for the defense of the State of
Pennsylvania, on the 20th of June, 1803, against the
invasion by the rebel forces under command ot" Gen-
eral Lee. There being no appropriation out of which
theso payments could be made at the time they were
required, patriotic citizens of Philadelphia advanced
the money,and it is proper they should be reimbursed
without delay. I would rospoetfully recommend,
therefore, that an immediate appropriation for that
purpose be made. A copy of a letter ot the Second
Auditor of the Treasury is herewith eommunicatcd,
showing the amountof claims audited by him to bo
S071,tiG '13 up to date. It is supposed that $700,000
will cover the whole amount of these claims.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
And then there is a telegram to General Fry,
at that time chairman of the Union League of
Philadelphia, by whose efforts this money was
raised to enable the State to pay these troops.
That telegram is as follows:
Washington, July 21,1863.
J. It. Fry, Chairman of Union League, Pennsylvania:
All that is necessary is that the Governor of Penn-
sylvania should see that the company pay-rolls ar«
properly made out and certified. This being done,
the amount due is readily ascertained, and can bo
paid, and the pay-rolls will furnish the proper official
vouchor of the payment. This Department will lay
before Congress, at the commencement of the session,
an estimato to cover the amount, and request the
appropriation. The matter has been arranged this
way in other States, and has heen productive of no
dclav or complaint when the Governors have given
their attention to it and seen that the muster-rolls are
properly made out. 1SDW1N M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
These militia were called out and put under
the command of United States officers, and
sworn into the service of the United States.
After the defeat of Lee they followed him to
Hagerstown and Falling Waters, and a portion
