1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T9
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Chanler
Ho. of Reps.
different portions of the northern States to the South.
This work has now nearly ceased. The same principle
applied to colored refugees. Thetotalnumbertrans-
ported, men, women, and children, is one thousand
nine hundred and forty-six.
"The following table will give an idea of the issues,
so far as reported, for the month of September:
Consolidated monthly report of number of rations issued
to refugees and freedmen (dependent) in the different
districts and States respectively, for the month ending
September 30, 1865.
Districts.
North Carolina 
Virginia"5   
District of Columbia....
Texas : 
Louisiana'' 
Missouri & Arkansas ...
Kentucky & Tennessee'
Mississippi 
Georgia i; S. Carolina..
Alabama 
Grand total 
&
420 ]
217
309,450
,766 !
,913 i
,771 i
136,930
275,887
31,517
35
55,186
161,766
66,750
63,355
197,34'J
36,295
O 03
137,350
275,837
31,76-1
35
55,186
471,222
60.750
80,121
200,262
82,006
,'370,513 ,1,030,100 i 1,400,643
War Department,
Bureau of Refuglks, Free dm ex,
and Abandoned Lands,
"Washington, November 24,1865.
Sm: In accordance with General Orders, Ko. 145,
War Department, as follows:
[General Orders, No. 145.]
War Department,
Adjutant Genkjul's Office, _
Washington. October 1865.
Whereas certain tracts of land situated on the coast
of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, at the time,
for the most part vacant, were set apart by Major,
General W. T. Sherman's Special Field Order, No. 15,
for the benefit of lefugces and treedmcn that had been
congregated by the operations of war, or had been left
to take care of themselves by their former owners;
and wherea? an expectation was thereby created that
they would be able to retain possession of said lands;
and whereas a large number of the former owners are
earnestly soliciting the restoration of the same, and
promising to absoi b the labor and care for the freed-
inen—
It in ordered, That Major General Howard, Commis-
sioner ol the Bureau of Refugees, Fieeduien, and
Abandoned Lamb*, proceed to the several above-
named States; and endeavor to effect an arrangement
mutually satisfactory to the freedmen" and the land-
owners, and make report. And in case a murually
satisfactory arrangement can be effected, he is duly
empowered and directed to issue such orders as may
become necessary, aftci a full and careful investiga-
tion of the interest? of the parties concerned.
By order or the President of the United States:
E. D.TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
I proceeded to Charleston, South Carolina, reach-
ing there October 17. After conversing with Gen-
eral Saxton, assistant commissioner, and with the
land-owners. I resolved to goto Edisto as soon as the
people could be convened at some central point.
Thursday, October 19, accompanied bj several of-
ficers. and the representative oi the Edisto planters,
Mr. William Whaiey, I met the freedmcn at a largo
church on the Inland. The rumor had already reached
the freedmen that I proposed to lestore the lands,
and evidences oi dissatisfaction and sorrow weie
manifested nora uveiypart of the assembly. lex-
plained what 1 believed to be the wishes ofthe Pres-
ident. i's^er forth in his interview with uicjust before
leaving Washington, and as erabodicdinmy instruc-
tions above i e<_oidod. The people chorea committee
ol throe of then* number, andro them I submitted the
propositions t<  which the land-owners were willing )
to sub^eiibe. 'J.ho committee said thatou no con- ,
dition v\oiild !lu colored people be willing to work i
tor lieu Pinner ovnei sunder o vrseei.*. us hetoie; but,
if they could i en the land- oi'luom, they would con-
sent in oiner re-i>ects to turaugemcnts proposed.
Some would wo;k 101 v/U'jvs but the genei-il teelm\r
seemed to be tu.it they ought to be allowed to rent
the lands.
]jy «t unanimous vote, it was a gieed that the master
be left to mvdeei oui :i« to whorlur restoration should
be m-*de. and ,-is ro tin-conditions.
Alter onrofui con-uW,«tu n £ deemed it advisable
to take com.--< follows* t ?
1. Constitute a oo.a'd of supervisors, m wnicn the
Go\ eruun-ut. Ihe plantei\ and the fVeedmenhad each
a iVMV.-'ooMUce. iorthe a.dj astnient of contracts ana
cas oi di'ir uitv. . .
F u-h bind- >v uc-i was r* Quired to sign an obliga-
tion after which th,o "ider of Proration wa-= to oe
i^ued. li*'ie follow the older, obligation, and order
oi lestoralion reieried to:
* No refugees reported.
[Special Field Orders, No. 1.]
War Department,
Bureau of Refugees, Frredmen,
and Abandoned Lands,
Charleston, S. C., October 9,1865.
The agent of this bureau on Edisto Island will
immediately take measures to constitute a board of ;
supervisors for the island, to consist of himself and
two other citizens, one to be selected by the land-
owners or their agents, the second by the resident
freedmen or their agents.
This board will aid in making contracts, and will
adjudicate all difficulties that may arise between the
whites and the freedinen, or among the freedmen
themselves, extending only to offenses committed in
which the penalty does not exceed imprisonment at
hard labor for a period of one month, or a fine not to
exceed $100. All other oases of crime will be referred
to competent civil or military authority.
Should a police force be deemed necessary by the
board, the bureau agent will, as heretofore, make
requisition upon the military authorities. Appeals
from the decision of the board to the assistant com-
missioner or Commissioner ot the bureau may be made.
Pursuant to instructions from the President:
0. O. HOWARD,
Major General, Commissioner,
A. P. KETCIIUM,
Captain 128th U.S. C. Tand A. J). C.
I have the honor to submit this report for the con-
sideration of yourselfand the Executive, under whose
express orders I was acting.
It is exceedingly difficult to reconcile the conflict-
ing interests now arising with regard to lands that
have been so long in the possession of the Govern-
ment as those along the coast of South Carolina,
Georgia, and Florida. I would recommend that the
attention of Congress be called to the subject of this
report at as early a day as possible, and that the?e
lands, or a part of them, be purchased by the United
States with a view to the rental and subsequent sale
to the freedmen.
T lu.ve the honor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, 0. 0. HOWARD,
Major General, Commissioner,
Hon. 33. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
From these extracts it will plainly be seen
that black freedmen and not white refugees were
the special care of the bureau.
The white refugees were few in number and
received no land from the Government. The
period during which they received aid by trans-
portation ended with the date of the report, or
was rapidly doing so. "The supervisors" ap-
pointed were not instructed to aid the poor
whites of the South, of whose destitute con-
dition we hear so much, and of whose ignorance
and semi-barbarism gentlemen express such
holy horror.
poos whites.
Of the poor whites of the southern States,
Mr. Speaker, the people of the whole Union
have reason to be proud. From them as a class,
if gentlemen will insist upon making that dis-
tinction, have sprung some of the noblest na-
tures and brightest intellects this country has
produced—Andrew Jackson, Crawford, Clay,
Pettigrew ; and Andrew Johnson, the present
Chief Magistrate of this Union, has the proud
distinction of having risen from the poorest of
the poor whites to be the ruler of this Union.
And. sir, much of his mercy, wisdom, and pa-
triotism is to be traced to the sympathy ha
deeply feels for the poor white man of his own
section, as well as for the poor and lowly of
every section and every land or lace.
But to continue with General Howard's
report:
This bureau, as now established, has been
used by land speculators, small traders, and^
mischievous prisons of every sort and phase of
fanaticism, to disturb the whole South and put
obstacles in the way of the glorious work of
reconstruction. General Howard says, in his
report, now in my hand:
"M> imprt-sion if, that many speculators, who
desire to cheapen the lands, helped on these stones.
The in. edmen became suddenly very averse to making
anv (.ontracis orngioementwithihe piopeiiy-holdeis
for tlio coming your. Even theeorreetion of falsere-
ports doe? not always pioduce a willingness to enter
into < on*racts. My agents hrr o striven to disabuse
the minds ofthc freedmen of impres. ion.' so detri-
mental to then iuiui^ts.Hi'nn^themtosccu enlace**
of support, ;uid aldinir them to get lair w.tees.
objection to tue I have been obliged to adopt
has been its tendency to cheek iudh xdualiry, nut ^vd-
fieiently encouraging self-dependency; but m pioeess
of time, a.*- property ^hallchangehandsandthelarger
estates be broken up, the nece-sitj for ?o generally
applying contract? will be obviated. Me. nwbileedu-
cation, unhindered, will work wonders to stimulate
individual enterprise. The results of our presentsys-
tem of free labor will appearin myrcmarksupon each
State, and more fully in the reports of the respective
assistant commissioners."
The practical working of the scheme as a
means of fixing the negro to any one place,
system, or rate of wages was abortive. Idleness
incurable, a rapacious longing and covetousness
for the land on which they had squatted, with-
out any capacity, skill, or will to work it for
the general welfare, all appear in the frank and
soldierly report of General Howard. He says:
" With regard to prices of labor, as I anticipated,
experience has shown that it is better to leave them
to be regulated by the demand.
" Minimum rates might serve to protect the frced-
men in many eases, but in scarcely any place could
he have-exceeded those rates, after they wore once
established.
"By fixing prices fbr the able-bodied, it is impos-
sible to discriminate sufficiently with regard to the
difference of skill and ability among that class.
" .Finding the plantation negroes inclined to leave
their homes and go to the cities, village?, and mili-
tary posts, with no good prospect of work or support,
I deemed it best to have the agents at those places
adopt a system like the ordinary intelligence office,
and use every effort in their power to procure good
places where they could find support, in whole or in
part, for those who then came together.
" Industrial schools, establi&hcd by benevolent as-
sociations, were encouraged to aid in the absorption
of this class of refugees.
" Government farms, under charge of officers of the
bureau, and those farms that had been set apart or
allotted, accoiding to the laws, have subserved the
purpose of absorbing the surplus population.
" Still, howe\ci, there weie authentic complaints
of idleness, for winch no remedy seemed to exist. I
directed that the vairrantlaws of therespective States,
so iar a-* ihcy apphed to whites, be extended to freed-
men; v.heie this law authorized corporeal punish-
ment, ir wa^ modified by the asM>tant commissioner.
"The wording of the law establishing this bureau
gave rise to the idea that thclandsof disloyal owneis
would be divided among the freedmen.
"Soldiers, colored and white, and others, at one
time spread and doubtless magnified the same report,
till the belief became quite prevalent in the interior
ol th "•soul horn Slate&that the Government intended,
at Christinas or Xew Year's, to ctfeet this division."
southern letters.
Mr. Speaker, the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts has read to the House an extract
from a letter given him by the Speaker, and writ-
ten by a negro, asking for protection from Con-
gress. Sir, in the same spirit of affording pro-
tection to all classes and colors of men who
may need it, and from an earnest desire to lay
before the country a reliable statement of the
true condition of the South, 1 have collected
from most trustworthy and honorable persons
at the South, who know what they write to be
true, and who, whatever may have been their
political errors, now sincerely desire a i est ora-
tion of the Union and its perpetuity to the latest
period of recorded time. 11' J suppress the
names of the writers, I will be willing to show
the original letters and signatures to any gen-
tleman who may ask inc. The first letter is from
a major general in the late rebel army, and for
some time a prisoner in Fort Warren :
Camden. South Carolina, January 26,18G6.
Dear Sir: Your favor of the 24th ultimo only
reached me this morning, and though perhaps too
late for your purpose, i respond immediately to your
inquiries. Enst let me say that 1 nave always felt
gnueful tor youi sympathy and kindness to me when
in privon, and your generous elioris to procure my
release. The liberal sentiment- ot yourselfand others
at tue North entireb revolutionized my ieeiings and
opinions of your people.at loa-t sn -hot thein a* were
not under the l uie of a biiucl fanaticism, whi< h. under
the guil) oi virtue.seerut tocovei the most malignant
pui pose^ toward us. Befote 1 knew by personal con-
tact that the crood people of your section weie as just,
generous, and pure as the good among ourselves, Idid
not di.-tinguish between > on, but held all i esponsiblo
fortheenmesof the worst class. I say "cnun'S, tor so
wr regarded the acts of sectional hostility leveled at
us. 3 also freely confess that my prejudices against
the radicals themselves have somewhat diminished
by di'-„'0\ ering that they were capable a-1 individuals
of ac[> of personal kindness, whiie they sought to rum
us socially and civilly as a people. A liver inter-
change ot'social intercourse between the two peoples
would Iriv: prevented that harsh jiKh'rni^'t on both
sides which resulted in the recent conflict, and per-
han? led to a gradual, peaceful, and win- system of
ch.
L.msrec?, which would have been b'Mjur ad parti1
ncerned, as far as we can see: but u i- hm a?u tn;
arties
, ...  ... , \at
ji we mourn over the past. Let us turn to t in* eonsi^
IJ oration of the present and the future, which alone
j concerns our duty. .
I returned home in'August last, and found the
11 negro civii and orderly, but idle and restless; no
