1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
port and sustain the present transmission of our
mails by the General Government, as a work of
necessity and public convenience that will not
apply with equal force to the new method of in-
tercommunication which is to so large an extent
superseding the old method—1 refer to the tele-
graphic system. I believe that it is perfectly
feasible for the Post Office Department to take
in charge this matter to such extent as may be
deemed necessary and as a convenience for the
public, just as it has done the mail system, and
as it has done the money-order system, both of
which have been found so conducive to the pub-
lic welfare. I do not believe either that it would
be a source of additional expense to the Depart-
ment. On the contrary, I think that it would
be a large source of revenue, inasmuch as a
large part of the machinery for conducting it is
already in existence. There maybe some ob-
jections to this proposal, and I have no doubt
there will bo. There may be some objections
that I do not no w anticipate. There may be ob-
jections in the nature of patents upon the modes
of transmitting intelligence, npon interests that
have already vested, and others of that charac-
ter; but I have not yet been able to find any
which may not be overcome in time and by the
proper appliance. It may not be desirable to
extend -this throughout, but only in certain sec-
tions, and thereby to exercise indirectly a con-
trol over those lines where it is not in operation.
We all know that there is at this time a very
great complaint on the part of the public with
the system of transmitting intelligence from one
section of the country to the other as now prac-
ticed under the telegraphic operation. These
complaints are increasing every day, both as
to the sinister combinations which control the
telegraphic dispatches and as to the negligence
which characterizes tliem, and also as to the
fact that in remote sections they become almost
unintelligible. I believe that all of that can be
remedied by a proper appliance, such as has
been suggested. At all events, I desire to elicit
consideration from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads on that subject, that
they may make inquiry in the proper direction,
that they may confer with the Post Office De-
partment in regard to the feasibility and the
propriety of 1 aking some step? for putting cither
this whole branch entirely or in part under some
control that will give satisfaction to the public
and that will reduce it to what is needed ; that
is. a minimum rate of transmission of intelli-
gence.
I do not desire to trespass further on the
attention of the Senate at this time.' I ask that
the resolution be passed ; it is simply a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
The resolution was agreed to.
REVENUE COMMISSION REPORTS.
Mr. SHERMAN" submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
JResolved, That five thousand copies of tbc general
anil special reports of the revenue commission, ex-
clusive of the tonus of bills accompanying the same,
l)e printed for the use of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
111) to provide for the national defense by es-
tablishing a uniform militia and organizing an
active military force throughout the United
States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN" asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
112) authorizing documentary evidence of title
to be furnished to the owners of certain lands
in the county of St. Louis, in the State of Mis-
souri; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed an enrolled joint resolution
(H. II. No. 53) authorizing the Secretary of War
to grant the use of a portion of military reserve
on St. Clair river, in the State of Michigan, for
railroad purposes; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore.
SALE 01" STAMPS AND ENVELOPES.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate now
take up for consideration the bill (S. No. 71)
relative to the sale of postage stamps and
stamped envelopes on credit.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral, whenever in his opinion the public ser-
vice shall require, to sell postage stamps and
stamped envelopes on credit for such a period
of time as he may deem expedient. The per-
son to whom stamps and stamped envelopes are
so sold is to engage to sell and circulate them
under the instructions of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and to give bond in such sum as the Post-
master General may direct, with one or more
sureties, conditioned for the faithful keeping of
the stamps and stamped envelopes so intrusted
to him, and for the payment to the Post Office
Department, in such manner as may be directed
by the Postmaster General, of the moneys aris-
ing from the sale of such stamps and stamped
envelopes. The Postmaster General may allow
to any person purchasing stamps and stamped
envelopes under this provision a commission
not exceeding five per cent, on all sales of
stamps and stamped envelopes by him made,
and the xluditor of the Treasury for the Post
Office Department is to audit and settle all such
accounts. Such person is to be deemed a re-
ceiver and custodian of public money. He is
not to sell stamps or stamj)ed envelopes on
credit, but to sell them invariably for coin or
United States Treasury notes, and at a price
not exceeding the price of such stamps and
stamped envelopes as provided by law. He is
to be subject to all the pains, penalties, fines,
and forfeitures now provided by law in eases of
receivers and custodians of public money and
of postmasters and other persons to whom the
sale of stamps and stamped envelopes is in-
trusted.
An amendment was reported from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to in-
sert after the word "required" in the fourth
line of the first section the words " until the
3Uth day of June, 1868."
Mr. DIXON. It is thought by the commit-
tee, as this bill is intended for a particular |
exigency, that it should be limited in point of '
time ; and therefore they propose this amend-
ment limiting the action of the bill until the
oOtli of .funr, 1808.
Several Senators. What is the exigency?
Mr. DIXON. I shall ask in a moment for
the reading of the letter of the Postmaster
General. Jt explains it more briefly than I
can do.
Mr. NYE. I wish the mover of the bill would
state, what the exigency is that requires this un-
usual proceeding.
Mr. DIXON. Perhaps it would be best to
have the vote taken first on the amendment,
which is only a matter of detail, and then I shall
make the explanation.
ill*. NYE. I think it is due to the Senate
that they should be informed what the intention
of the bill is, that we may vote understanding^
on the amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I ask that the letter of the
Postmaster General be read. It. states more
briefly and clearly than I can do the reasons
for the bill.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Post Orncii DrpAKTMKX'r,
"\7ASiii.\Ui'0N, i>. 0.. January 11, 1886.
Sir: I inclose a draft of a law authorizing the Post-
master General to sell stamps on credit.
The object of the law is to enable the Department
to circulate its stamps through the states lately in re-
bellion.
This cannot now be done to any considerable extent,
for the reason that the law only authorizes the sale of
stamps to postmasters or for cash.
There are many places in the southern States where
there are neither persons who can take the oath re-
quired bylaw for the qualification of postmasters, nor
persons of sufficient means to enable them to purchase
stamps for cash.
I am advised that the demand for stamps is so great
in those States that there may be found many persons
of responsibility and integrity who, though unable to
take the test oath, are able to give good bonds, and
would cheerfully become responsible for the stamps
intrusted to them, and sell them for the accommoda-
tion of the community where they reside.
It is-my intention to appoint, so far as practicable,
as receivers and vendors of stamps persons who have
already been appointed assessors, collectors, &o., and
have therefore received the indorsement of the Gov-
ernment. . ,.
The compensation proposed is very light, bat the
i u f°r are as severe as arc noTV pro-
vided.by law in all eases of receivers and custodians
of public funds.
It is believed that a measure of the character pro-
posed will not only produce considerable revenue to
the Department, but will tend to promote afeeliru; of
contentment and subordination among the peopl° of
tho southern States, and at the same time profcectthc
Denaitmerrt against los-s.
Very respectfully, &e.f W. DENNISON,
Postmaster Genera?.
Hon. James Drxox, Chairman Committee on Poet Offices
and Post Roads, United States Senate,
Mr. NYE. I am opposed to this amendment
and to the bill itself. I understand from the
letter just read that the Postmaster General is
furnishing moil facilities to a class of people
who are unable to take the oath of allegiance
or to take the test oath for the purpose of hold-
ing the office of postmaster in this country. If
there are such benighted portions of our eonn-
trv where men are unable to present evidence
of their loyalty, I believe mail facilities should
not be afforded them. If we cannottrnstthem
upon their loyalty, can we trust them in their
moneyed obligations^ If there is any class of
people so poor that they cannot pay postage,
Jet Congress in its magnanimity provide that
tliey shall have it free. But I insist upon it
that persons who were lately in rebellion and
who are now so rebellious that they cannot take
the oath of oflice are not entitled to advantages
over those who have proved their loyalty upon
many well-fought holds. I oppose in toto this
special legislation for the benefit of rebels,
which is not extended to those who have been
loyal thioughoul. There are many portions of
the constituency that I represent to whom it.
would be exceedingly convenient to be allowed
credit for their postage if Congress would pass
a law for that purpose, and they are as deserv-
ing of such favors from Congress as are those
whose hands are red with loyal blood.
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator from Ne-
vada entirely mistakes the object of the bill,
lie speaks of trusting rebels or any other class
of people for their postage. If he will exam-
ine the bill, he will see that it expressly pro-
vides that no stamps shall be sold on credit;
that every person purchasing stamps must pay
at the time in coin or in United States currency.
That is provided m the second section of the
bill. It is not the object of the bill to give
credit to any persons whatever who wish to buy
and use postage stamps. The difficulty now is
that there is no class of piersons at the South
with whom postage stamps can be intrusted
for sale. Persons cannot, in many places, be
found capable of holding the office of postmas-
ter. We know perfectly well that the whole
mass of tho southern people were engaged in
this rebellion, almost without exception, so
that there are not now to be found parties there
who can take the oalh of office, which is retro-
spective in its character, except in compara-
tively few instances. The present law provides
that stamps shall only be furnished to post-
masters upon credit; they only can receive
them. Private individuals cannot receive them
in that way. We cannot everywhere appoint
postmasters who can receive stamps on credit,
and as we cannot find parties in the South ready
to advance money to the Government for the
stamps, the difficulty is that there are, in impor-
tant sections, no stamps for sale. Who suffer'.'
Not the rebels only, but my constituents and
the constituents of tho Senator from Nevada.
They write letters to the South, but often vo
return can come, bccause no. postage stamp can
be had.
Now, what do we propose to do ? We
propose that if any individual, at the discretion.
