18.66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2519
to increase the compensation within the dis-
tricts named. Unless that power is given to
him throughout the United States, so thai, it
may be iinifoi'M, I object to the exception. I
ask members of the House to look at it and
see the effect it will have.
Mr. RIGBY. I do not know whether col-
lections could be made in other States or not
under a uniform law, but I do know that they
cannot be made in the State of California. It
has been tried and proved disastrous. I give
members notice that the amount that will pay
assessors in the eastern States will not pay them
in California. .
Mr. JENCKES. I liave no objection to
havin" a provision applicable to California.
Mr.°MORl!>lLL. I wish to say that the pro-
visions hero are precisely what they are in the
existing law with the exception of some half a
dozen other States in which the Commissioner
informed us it was impossible to obtain a rev-
enue unless we provided for the payment of
the officers in this way.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I find the States
of Louisiana, Georgia, South Carolina, Ala-
bama, Florida, Texas, Arkansas, North Caro-
lina, Mississippi, and Tennessee, arc provided
for here. •
Mr. MORRILL. There are many districts
where there is 110 difficulty, but in others there
is difficulty.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The difficulty is,
the proviso applies to all the districts in all
those States. Now, I have no objection to
applying it to some where it is impossible to
" get officers unless you give them additional
compensation. I know some officers have
been appointed there who are not now receiving
the compensation because they cannot qualify.
But I have a statement of one of these officers
from South Carolina, made before the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, that any number can be
found, residents ot South Carolina, who can
discharge the duties and who can qualify ac-
cording to law.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment. . .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I give
notice to the chairman of the committee that
it is now five minutes t,o ten o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL. We shall adjourn at ten.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. J enckes, there were—ayes 87, noes 25;
no quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburne,
of Illinois, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the special order, being bill of
the House No. 513, to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof,
and had come to no conclusion thereon
And then, on motion of Mr. DEFREES, (at
five minutes before ten o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c„ were presented under
tho rule and referred to the appropriate committees*.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of A. J. Suther-
land, and others, of Washtenaw county, Michigan,
praying that Congress will pass laws regulating inter-
state insurances of all kinds. f
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of 80 citizens ot
Fayette county, Pennsylvania, asking increased pro-
tection for American wool.
By Mr. KERR : The memorial of Leonard Smith,
late lieutenant, &c„ for compensation for ten months
and twenty-six days' service as lieutenant and regi-
mental quartermaster of the twenty-second regiment
Indiana volunteers. ...  
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A petition,
numerously signed by citizens of Fayette county,
Pennsylvania, for increase of duties on foreign wool.
By Mr. MOORHE AD: The petition of John Woods,
and others, citizens of the county of Montgomery,
Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of duty on
forci"n imports to protect American labor.
Also, the petition of Hon. h.W. Williams, Hon.
Thomas M. Howe, Alexander Gordon, and others.
of Alleghany county. Pennsylvania, praying for the
establishment of a Bureau of Education, and that
provision bo made for the education ot all.
By Mr. WOODBRIDGE: The petition of Erastus
Kelley, and 39 others, citizens of Clarendon Springs,
Vermont, praying for an increased duty on loreign
Also, the petition of Dr. W. C. Fox, and others,
of Wallingford, Vermont, praying that medicines
used by physicians may be placed on tho tree tut.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 10, 18G6.
Prayer by Rev. William Brock, D. D., of
London, England.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of the
Commercial Navigation Company, a corpora-
tion formed under tho laws of the State of New
York, prayine for the passage of a law regulat-
ing the apprenticing of boys to bo trained as
seamen upon merchant vessels, uniform in its
operation within the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
lie also presented the petition of James S.
Ilendrickson, and one hundred and thirty-four
other soldiers, residents^ of Cleveland, Ohio,
praying to bo relieved from the tax on their
pensions ana urging the appointment of dis-
abled soldiers in the civil service of the Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. POLAND presented the petition of bnn-
eon Farnsworth, praying for a pension ; which,
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DIXON presented the memorial of Mar-
shall 0. Roberts, and others, trustees of A. (>.
Sloo, who was a contractor for carrying the
mails between New York, New Orleans, Ha-
vana, and Chagrcs, praying for the passage of
an act authorizing the Postmaster General to
settle for compensation dn e tliem for mail trans-
portation which lias not been paid l'or ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. ,
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial ot a
convention of iron founders and manufactur^
ors held at Syracuse, New York, in favor of
exempting detached portions oi their manu
f'aetures from taxation; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance. _
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of
Harriet B. Crocker, of Bath, Maine, praying
for a pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from tho Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
C. F. Johnson, praying for compensation for
the alleged seizure of tobacco belonging to him
by the United States forces at Lakoport, Lou-
isiana, submitted an adverse report thereon:
which was ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL or INDIANS.
Mr. WADE submitted tho fallowing resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Whereas it is understood that, the Commissioner
of Indians Affairs is now engaged in removing to ana
locating in one of tho settled counties of Nebraska
and contiguous to the settled portions of Jlalcoi .1, the
Indians who were engaged in the Minnesota ma ^sacie
in the year 1862, by which nearly a thousand iletense-
lc«s men, women, and children were murdered in cold
blood; and whereas said Indians were driven from
the Stateof Minnesota by the outraged people of that
State in order to secure tho future safety ot the lives .
and property of itscitizens; and whereas I be removal I
and location of said Indians within our white settle-
ments has been made without the consent and m
direct opposition to the will ot the citizens of north-
western Nebraska and Dakota, many of whom have
purchased their lands fiom the Government and
improved tho same; and whereas it is apprehended
that this actof the Governmentwill destroy the value
of private property and retard the settlement of the
Territory of Dakota and northwestern Nebitoka.
Thltlfolwi That tho Committee on Indian Affairs
instructed to inquire into the facts, and report to
this House whether and to what extent the interests
and safety of the people who have purchased the
rmblic lands and migrated with their families to those
Territories ou the assurance of the protection of the
Government, as well as the interest ot the Government
itself in the settlement and growth of the said Terri-
tories, are likely to bo compromised by this act, and
if so whether the same is necessitated by any consid-
erations connected with the pubic interests, wua
leave to report such measures of relief as tnc cu-
cumstancesof the ease may in tbcirjudgmentreQUire.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr, HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. SlY) to amend an act entitled "An
act to amend an act, entitled ' An act to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to tlie Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes,' approved July 1, 1802," approved
July 2, 18G4; -Which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail- .
road, and ordered to be printed.
APPROVAL OF A BILL.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed on the 9th instant an act (S. No. 90)
enlarging the powers of the levy_ court of the
county of Washington, in the District ot Co-
lumbia.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed an enrolled bill (H. 14. No.
352) to incoi porate the National Theological
Institute; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No 5G8) to repeal section
twenty-three of chapter seventy-nine: of the
acts of the third session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, relating to passports, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee ou
the J udiciury.
SECRETARY TO TIIK VICE ADMIRAL.
The bill (II. R. No. 567) to amend an act
to establish the grade of vice admiral in the
United States Navy, was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that tho Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNEll. Beforetlie Senate proceeds
with the consideration of that bill, I desire to
say that 1 have some notes on that subject
which are at my room. I did not expect it to
come up to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. What bill is it? _ .
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that it is a
bill in regard to the Vice Admiral.
Mr. GRIMES. It simply authorizes the ap-
pointment of a secretary to tho Vice Admiral.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it is a dillerent bill
from 'what I apprehended it was from tne
reading of the title. 1 have noobjection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask lor the reading of
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes
to amend the second section _ of the act to
establish the grade of vice admiral in the U ni-
ted States Navy, approved December 21, 1864,
by adding to it these words: and he shall
be allowed a secretary, with the rank and
sea pay and allowances of a lieutenant in tlie
Navy.'5
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole, by unanimous consent, reported to
the Senate, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MAIL CONTRACTORS.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Postmaster Scneral be^ and is
hereby, requested to furnish to the Sen.. Ynlec
addressed to his$££
pay if < *> th0 of th#
Postmaster General thereto.
