1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8481
and obligations as by this act are imposed on said
National Telegraph Company: Provided, That such
other company shall first file with tho Postmaster
General its resolution, regularly passed and certified
under its corporate seal and the hand of its presi-
dent. accepting such rights and privileges on the
terms herein expressed.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not like this amend-
ment. I think it is a very objectionable one.
It makes this bill one to grant a special char-
ter, as originally proposed, to a particular com-
pany, and then makes it a general bill in that
other companies may have like privileges there-
after, on certain terms.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill does not charter
any company at all.
Mr. CONFESS. I will correct my expres-
sion in that respect. The bill proposes to
confer privileges upon a company chartered
by the State of New York, but the privileges
proposed to be conferred by t.he bill are spe-
cial, although by this amendment other com-
panies may hereafter avail themselves of like
privileges on conditions named. I think it
better to relieve the bill from the complexion
of being special in its character, and make it
general at once.
Mr. SHERMAN. I really see no difference
between the two, and I am, myself, indifferent
as to which course is pursued ; but the persons
who are interested in this bill prefer that the
bill should stand as it is, and then that the
same general privileges should be conferred
on any other company. If, however, Senators
desire to have the bill stand in the form pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa, I have no
special objection.
Mr. CON NESS. I think that is preferable,
for this reason, if for no other: it will then be
relieved of a general objection which the Pres-
ident has communicated to us that he has
against special legislation. I do not moan to
say, by any means, that our legislation should
be conformed to previously expressed opinions
of the President; but when we can accomplish
the same result in another manner, I think we
should avoid running counter to those ex-
pressed opinions, and I must say that in the
main I agree with him in those opinions.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is this difficulty
that occurred to me and to those interested in
the bill, that the other companies may come
in and claim the benefits of this bill without
filing their formal acceptance of the bill so
as to place themselvees under the restrictions
contained in it.
Mr. CONNESS. I would require them to
do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely what
my amendment does, and that is the only dif-
ference between the two propositions. My
amendment requires the new companies who
come in and seek to avail themselves of the
provisions of this bill to accept the terms and
conditions it imposes ; that is, to allow the
Postmaster General to fix the rates of con-
veying Government dispatches, &c. If the
Senator from Iowa will modify his amend-
ment in such a way as to embrace that idea,
I shall have not the slightest objection to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that would be a
great, improvement.
Mr. GRIMES. That could be done in a
separate section. I understand the objection
that the Senator from California raises to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio is, that
the Congress of the United States, by the bill,
indorses and stands sponsor for some tele-
graph company created by the laws of the
State of New York. He prefers, and so do I,
that Congress should authorize, without speci-
fying any particular telegraph company, any
company, whether created by the laws of the
State of New York or of Illinois, to build a tel-
egraph line whereverthey choose to build one.
Mr. CONNESS. And under all the privi-
leges we can extend to them.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; so far as we have
any authority to bestow any privileges upon
them. The rights they may derive under our
legislation is a question for them to have set-
tled by subsequent judicial decision. Whether
they have any rights under it or not is another
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. As Senators seem to pre-
fer that course I will withdraw my amendment
and allow the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to be acted upon, and I will endeavor to
frame a section to meet the case.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is withdrawn.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew my amend-
ment.
Mr. NYE. I should like to hear the Secre-
tary read the section as it will be if amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That any telegraph company now organized or
which may hereafter be organized under the laws
of any State in this Union shall have the right to
construct, maintain, and operate lines oftolegraph
through and over any portion of the public domain
of tile United States, Ac.
Mr. NYE. I would like to inquire of the
honorable Senator who has the bill in charge
what the particular object of this class of legis-
lation is with regard to telegraphs. From
reading the bill 1 am unable to determine.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think .the bill onits
face is very clear and definite on that point.
The bill, as proposed to be amended by the
Senator from Iowa, will give to all telegraph
companies organized under any State law the
right to cross navigable rivers, to go wherever
the United States has exclusive jurisdiction,
to cross over the public lands, and to build
telegraph lines along tho postal routes of the
United States. Now, there is not, as I said
the other day—and I have looked at the legis-
lation since-—a single privilege conferred by this
bill that has not been already conferred upon
existing telegraph companies; and the purpose
is to enable now companies that may be or-
ganized by any of the States or by the United
States to enter into a fair competition with one
existing monopoly which now controls the tele-
graphing of the United States. There is noth-
ing more nor less in this bill. It may be doubted
whether the privileges hero granted will be suf-
ficient to enable new companies to enter into
competition, but so far as the powers conferred
by this bill are concerned, they are not now,
and indeed the monopoly which now includes
the Pacific telegraph has a bounty from the
United States of §10,000 a year besides.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio when this company was
organized in New York—tho National Tele-
graph Company, so called.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now "the National Tele-
graph Company" is stricken out, and this bill
applies to all companies.
Mr. NYE. I understand that the object is
to help that company.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was undoubtedly
the object of this bill, to aid that company.
Mr. NYE. When was that company formed?
Mr. SHERMAN. Very recently.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I think this kind
of legislation is uncalled for; and I do not see
what possible benefit it can be to existing or
non-existing companies that may exist here-
after if it is passed. The whole system of tel-
egraphing has grown up within my recollection;
first there was a single wire on one line, then
double wires ; then other companies were au-
thorized to carry on the same business, and all
for the purpose of opening up the great good
of competition, and, sir, what has been the re-
sult of it all ? There is^ not a telegraph com-
pany existing now on this continent that stands
independent and alone by itself, unless it he
some small work of minor importance. The
lines form one great combination from the At-
lantic to the Pacific coast, and it seems that
the more of them that are created enlarge and
swell the powers of this organization.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that the real
object of the formation of this National Tele-
graph Company in the State of New York was
but to compel the existing company to pur-
chase their franchise and keep them out of this
field of competition.
Mr. BROWN. There is a provision in the
bill that it shall not be sold.
Mr. NYE. I understand that there is a pro-
vision in the bill that it shall not be sold with-
out the consent of Congress; and my friend
from Missouri will pardon me when I say that
I think the consent to sell would be as easily
obtained as the consent to create. Sir, what
is true of tho past will be true of the future,
and the great consolidation of these telegraph
companies has been formed now within a very
few days from the Atlantic to the Pacific. An
independent company was started not long
since for telegraphing to the Pacific ocean.
When it reached the boundaries of the State
of Nevada it was slopped by an injunction by
the old company. What is the result? A
trial? No, but a purchase of the new com-
pany by tho old "and you may create to-day as
many franchises to telegraph to the Pacific as
you choose, but there will be no more telegraphs
built to the Pacific ocean, and_why? Because
the facilities now opened up are adequate and
equal to all the necessities of that coast.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not believe that.
Mr. NYE. My friend says he does not
believe it.
Mr. BROWN. I know it is not so.
Mr. NYE. It is difficult to argue against the
belief of my pertinacious friend, and the entire
knowledge of my more quiet friend. 13ut, sir,
notwithstanding, 1 shitll venture upon it. It is
quite likely that when the northern route shall
be opened up there will be a line of telegraph
upon that. The Senate will bear in mind that
every railroad that is authorized to be con-
structed to the Pacific coast is by its chartcr
compelled to build along with it an independent
line of telegraph, or to make arrangements to
use the other line, so that the telegraph shall
go with the railroad, and that the cars may be
run by telegraph if necessary.
I think the object of all this is to give this
National Telegraph Company tho right to sell
out, and to compel the existing monopoly to
become more monopolizing in its influences by
adding to its prices what it lias to pay these
other companies to secure their franchises.
There is no obligation in this bill on this com-
pany to construct a telegraph anywhere. They
do not propose to construct aline of telegraph
to any place. The bill does not make it their
duty to construct one single rod of telegraph;
but it is an open permission to them, that when-
ever they desire it in tho present or the future
they shall have this privilege.
Sir, I never have believed, and I do not now
believe, that the assent of Congress to the put-
ting up of a telegraph line through any State or
across any river is at all essential or important.
This company is a corporation created by the
State of New York, and the distinguished Sen-
ator from Ohio who fathers this bill ^must be
aware that the Supreme Court of this nation
have held over and ovCr again that a corpora-
tion created in one State has a right by the
comity of States to perform its functions in
other States. It was so decided in the cele-
brated coal cases of Pennsylvania and Mary-
land. There is no necessity for the legislation
here proposed in that respect but to give ad-
ditional sanctity to it by giving it the indorse-
ment of Congress so as to enable this company
or any other—but there is no other, probably,
that will try it—to sell out its franchise. The
project that was started for a new Pacific
Telegraph Company has answered the end de-
signed ; and I entertain no doubt that they
were privy to that injunction in Nevada. They
had got far enough to give evidence that they
were going to build the line; and when that
was made evident what was the result? A
combination of both companies ; the concen-
tration of all the telegraph interests ; and I
repeat, you may authorize a dozen more and
you will never get another line uf telegraph,
except what are built as the country increases
in importance across, until you get your North-
ern Pacific railroad through.
Now, Mr. President, if there was any neces-
sity for this bill 1 would not object to it; but
there is none. The men who live upon the
Pacific coast and reside here six or seven
