1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 208) to protect Amer-
ican citizens engaged in lumbering on the St.
Croix river, in the State of Maine, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 185) to declare cer-
tain streams in the State of Iowa not navigable
streams, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
'No. 156) making additional grant of lands to
the State of Minnesota in alternate sections
to aid in the construction of a railroad in said
State, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (8. No.
189) to provide for surveys of the upper Mis-
sissippi and the Minnesota rivers, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom were referred resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of
so amending the provisions of the land grant
to the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Kort, Gib-
son railroad, together with a branch from Law-
rence to Emporia, as to make Burlingame a
point on said road, asked to bo discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 220) for the relief of
certain contractors for the construction ofves-
sels-of-war and steam machinery ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on (lie
Judiciary, who were instructed by a resolution
of the Senate to inquire into the justice and
expediency of providing by law for the pay-
ment of claims of loyal citizensforquattermas-
tei's stores furnished the Army, and a petition
of citizens of Stafford county, Virginia, praying
for compensation for supplies furnished the
Federal Army and for losses sustained by
reason of the military occupation of that sec-
tion of country, reported a bill (S. No. 217) to
provide for the payment of qua; rermasfer's
stores and subsistence, supplies furnished to
the Army of the United States; which was
read, and passed to a" second reading.
Mr. HOWE. The Joint Commitiee on the
Library have instructed me to report a bill (S.
No. 21li) to provide for the transfer of the cus-
tody of the library of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution to the Library of Congress.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. HOWE. If there be no objection, I
should like to have the bill considered at the
present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill on the
day it is reported. Is there auy objection ?
Mr. SUMNER. I am very much interested
in that question. I have paid some little atten-
tion to the subject in advance, and 1 should
really like to see the bill in print. I do not
wish"to mak(? any objection, but 1 think it had
better lie over.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly that is a very rea-
sonable request. I cannot ask to have it con-
sidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over under the rule.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Samuel M. Salo-
mon, executor and devisee of ll.iyin M. Salomon,
deceased, praying indemnity for advances of money
made by his grandfather, Haym Salomon, daring the
revolutionary war, bo withdrawn from the Commit-
tee on Claims, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
218) exempting the property of debtors in the
District of Columbia from levy, attachment,
or sale on execution ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 219) granting certain lands to the State
of Michigan to aid in the construction of a
ship-canal to connect the waters of Lake Su-
perior with the lake known as Lac La Belle,
m said State; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
peddlers' licenses.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
cftisent, and agreed to :
Pctolvrd, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to consider the expediency of amending the
internal revenue aet by providing that loyal soldiers
who have been permanently disabled by loss of limb
or otherwise may have a peddler's license without
payment of the customary fee.
presidential approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President of the Uni-
ted States had approved and signed, on the 21st
instant, the following acts:
An act (S. No. 30) quieting doubfs in rela-
tion to the validity of certain locations of lands
in the State of Missouri made by virtue of cer-
tificates issued under the act of Congress of
February 17, 18G5 ; and
' An act (S. No. 54) to amend an act entitled
'/An aet to incorporate a national military and
naval asylum for the relief of the totally dis-
abled officers and men of the volunteer forces
of the United States."
comurrto .service.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I desire to ask
to be excused from serving on the Committee
on Pensions. 1 am now serving on four com-
mittees, and I cannot attend to them all. I
therefore ask to be excused.
The request was granted.
NORTHERN KANSAS RATi.ROAD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to move a
reconsideration of Senate bill No. 145, which
was passed yesterday.
The PRESIDENTj>ro tempore. Thomotion
will be entered, unless its present consideration
is asked.
Several Senators. What is the bill?
Mr. LAN E, of Kansas. It is a bill granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the Northern Kansas railroad and
telegraph. I desire to amend it so as to make
it consistent with itself. If lh<jre be no ob-
jection, I should like to have it actcd on now.
i want to strike out two words, '• in Kansas."
it is a restriction which ought not. to be (here.*
The PRESI DENTjtn-o tempore. 'The Chair
understands that the bill has been sent to the
House of Representatives.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that tho
Secretary be directed to request its leturn.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE KltOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPiieusox, its Clerk, announced
that the'llouse of Representatives had passed
a bill (IT. R. No. 2(51) making appropriations
. for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for tho year ending :i0th June,
1 SO?, and for other purposes; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also returned, in compliance
with tile request of the Senate, the bill (S. No.
H5J for a grant of lands to thejState of Kansas
to aid in the construction of the Northern
Kansas railroad and telegraph.
'The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolution
of the House (II. R. No. 57J authorizing the
Secretaries of War and the Navy to place hulks
and vessels at the disposal of commissioners
of quarantine or other proper authorities at the
ports of the United States.
The message further announced that the
House of-Represcntatives had disagreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House (H. R. No. 184) to authorize tlie sale
of marine hospitals and of revenue cutters.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker •
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (H.R. No. 57) authoriz-
ing- the Secretaries of War and the Navy to place
hulks and vessels at the disposal ef commis-
sioners of quarantine or othcrproperauthorities
at tho ports of the United States ; and it was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore.
HOUSE BILL REI'EltRBD.
t
The bill from the House of Representatives1
(II. R. No. 261) malting appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic -expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th Jung, 1867,
and for other purposes, was read twiee by its
title, and referred to the Qommittee on Finance.
REVENUE COMMISSION REPORTS.
Mr. ANTIIONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
the same number of copies of'the special re-
ports of the internal revenue commission as was
printed of the general report, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage, and I ask for its pres-
ent consideration. It is a very small affair.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded ,to consider the following resolution:
Rcmhed, That there bo printed for the use of the
Semite live thousand extra eopies of tho following
special reports of tho United States revenue com-
mission, of which extra eopies have not heretofore
been ordered : report on distilled spirits, (No. 5j) pe-
troleum, (No. 7;) proprietaiy medicines, &c,. < No. 8;)
appendix lo cotton report, (No.?,;) on the relations
of foreisrn trade to domestic industry and the inter-
nal revenue, (No. 10:) on the influence of the dupli-
cation of taxes on industry, (No. t):) and the report
made to the commission on the taxation and man-
ufacture of malt liquors in Europe.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing whether
this resolution provides for printing the minor-
ity report of tho special commission appointed
at the last session of Congress. I have looked
for that report several times but could not find
it. It does not seem to be printed with the
rest.
Mr. ANTIIONY. I do not know of any
minority report being referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing. It is our intention to print
all tlie documents f«om this revenue commis-
sion. I think several of these reports are
minority reports; that is, they arc not signed
by the whole body of commissioners, but are
reports of sub-committees.
M v. HENDRICKS. Tho report that I speak
of I believe was made by Mr. Hayes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have read all these re-
ports, and what the Senator from Indiana says
is true. The various subjects were referred to
different, members of the commission, and each
of them upon his own motion made a report.
The report by Mr. Hayes, of Chicago, on the
subject of taxing Government securities, and
also upon tho subject of reducing the national
debt has not been published. I have been look-
ing for it myself. I should like to see it pub-
lished. Although it is a very bad document, in
my judgment, still I think it ought to be pub- .
lislicd.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will accept an amend-
ment to include that.
Mr. HEX!)LUCKS. What wasthe number
of the majority report that was ordered to be
printed'.'
Mr. ANTHONY. The same number that is
ordered here, five thousand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to insert,
'' and the minority report made by Mr. Hayes.
Mr ANTHONY. Iaccept thatamendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the words, "also the report
made by Mr. Hayes.''
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that the
Secretary of the Treasury has hover sent in that
report. I have seen it. The document was
handed to me as a member of the Committee
