1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
to pay for them, and who cannot take the retro-
spective test oath. I think, therefore, the pub-
lie interest requires the passage of the bill.
Mr. B. Mr. President,, perhaps I attach
too much importance to this bill, but I am frank
to confess that the importance I attach to it is
not so^ much upon the face of the measure as
upon its result. I deem it the duty of every
Department of this Government, when looking
around for persons to discharge official duties
fertainifrg to it, to find, if possible, loyal men.
deny the proposition that there is not to be
found in every community in the southern States
some man fit to hold the office of postmaster
whose pulse has not beaten every moment since
the rebellion broke out in unison with its inter-
ests. The difficulty is that we have only here-
tofore been allowed when speaking of the South
to speak of the ruling classes, and the South,
when they spoke of themselves, only' spoke of
the ruling classes. It is the "duty of this Gov-
ernment to letup a class of men who have been
trodden down under the iron heel of the rulers
of the South. There are thousands of them
in every State. Every Department in this city
is full of men exiled from their homes by the
class of men who now want credit on postage
stamps, who could go back there clothed with
the garments of official power and have around
them t,he shield and the halo of Government
protection. But, sir, they are allowed to fam-
ish here upon little salaries, exiled from their
homes and from their fortunes, and the De-
partment here look around among the class
whose hands are reddened with the blood of
loyalty, and say they cannot find men to act as
postmasters there who can take the oath.
Sir, they cannot find them among that class
who instigated and carried on the rebellion. I
trust in God the day will never come when one
of that class can take an oath that will entitle
him to hold an office under this Government.
Sir, if we would preserve it intact, if we would
keep the serpent out of our bosom that has stung
us well-nigh unto death, we must let the class
of men who cannot take this oath alone; we
must go among the poor of the South, among
the free-born whites of the South. Ignorant as
they are, e\ ery inspiration of their heart, and
c,cry prayer fiom their lips, has been for the
preservation of this Union; and nothing ever
gladdened their hearts so much as to see the
old stars and stripes,take the place of that mon-
grel substitute which these men who cannot take
the oath reared over them. The time has come
when this Government, in its legislative and
executive departments, should lift up the bowed
down and heal these breaches by the panacea
of true Unionism.
I object, therefore, to this special legislation
in favor of that el ass who come uphere self-
convicted, acknowledging their inability, with-
out saying, "We are no longer worthy to be
called thy sons," but who now want what they
have always sought after, the official pap of this
Government. Sir, go through Alabama, and
you can find men capable of being postmasters
everywhere. Alabama furnished fifteen thou-
sand men to the Union Army. Where are they
with their wounds and scars which testify to
their undying loyalty? They could be post-
masters, I take it. Go to Tennessee; go to
Georgia; go to Florida, and everywhere >ou
will find men scarred in the battles for this
Union, who would he glad to get a poslmas-
tership. Give it to them 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. 01.
Mr. DIXON. With the consent of the Sen-
ate I desire, without pressing this bill at this
time, as the morning hour has expired, to say
a single word in reply to the Senator from
" The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Senate bill
No 01 is now before the Senate, but it can be
laid a ".id e l>v common consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill of the Senator
from Connecticut will come up in the morning
hour to-morrow.
39tii Com. 1st Bess.—No. 32.
Mr. CLARIv. I gave way to the Senator
from Connecticut and the Senatorfrotn Nevada,
and I shall be entitled to the floor upon the bill
when it comes up again unless I have lost it by
too much indulgence. However, I can get it
again at some time I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the Senator from Connecticut
will be entitled to the floor to reply, as he says,
to the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Nevada
says -
Mr. NYE. If this debate is to be continued
I was not quite through with my remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Nevada is entitled to the floor on this
bill, if he claims it.
Mr. NYE. I prefer that the bill should lie
over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist on the order of
the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 61 is before the Senate.
PROTECTION OF CIVIL KIOIITS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
Gl) to protect all persons in the United Slates
in their civil rights, and furnish the means of
their vindication; the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Trumbull to the first
scction of the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to have the
amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section one, line three, after the word
"that" to insert "all persons of African de-
scent born in the United States are hereby
declared to be citizens of the United States,
andso that it will read :
Be it cnacted. &c.. That all persons of African de-
scent born in the United States are hereby declared
to bo citizens of the United States, and there shall be
no discrimination in civil rijrhtsorimmumUcs among
the inhabitants of any State or Tenitory of tlieUni-
ted States on aceonnt of race, color, or previous con-
dition of slaveiy, &c.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr. President, when
I interrupted the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary yesterday to make an inquiry,
I made it in entire good faith, and for the pur-
pose of eliciting information on the subject in
order that I might know how to vote on this
amendment. I had believed, and had avowed
that belief on this floor in April, 180-1, that per-
sons of African descent in this country were
not citizens of the United States ; and with the
permission of the Senate I will lead an extract
from my speech at that lime as gi\in« the rea-
sons foi that opinion. I said then :
"I «=k, first, whether persons of the negro race are,
or indeed can bo, citizens of the United States without
a constitutional amendment? Most certainly they
were not counted among 'we the people' who es-
tablished the national Constitution, nor were they at
that time, so faras 1 am informed, admitted to exer-
cise the rights and privileges oi citizenship in any
State. From the foundation of the Government, they
could not obtain passports to foreign conntiies from
the State Department. These are contemporaneous
interpretations of the Constitution-which cannot be
disi egarded. At various periods since and in many
instances the couris of the States, and of the Uni-
ted States have decided that they arc not citizens.
The constitution of Indiana, and the laws of scveial
States, forbid them to come within then- borders tor
peanancnt residence, which prohibitions would be
of no eltcct if they are citizens. Whatever privileges
indi \ idu.il States, may accord_ to them they cannot
make them citizens of tin? United States, so as to bo
'entitled to all pin-ilexes and immunities of citizens
in the several Stales.' They are not citizens by birth,
for the common law of England Is? not of ioreo undor
the national Constitution. That they cannot be made
citizens by incidentally calling them such m an act
of Cong'-eps is palpable. Whctherthatbody canmake
them citizens by an aet passed for the purpose is, per-
haps, doubtful. Their position is certainly anoma-
lous, but there is no more perfect right possessed by
communities and societies of every kind than that of
excluding from citizenship or mcinbeisliip such per-
sons as they deem proper."
That I may not be mistaken in regard to what
I mean by a citizen, I will say that I mean by
that term one who is an integer of the body-
politic or community. By that it will be per-
ceived I include only those who go to make up
the nation. There may be residing among any
people those who, under the English law, are
called denizens, or there may be aliens not
naturalized, or aliens who are there for tempo-
rary purposes ; or, taking the first two classes,
aliens who have come here with a determina-
tion to remain here, or those who are entitled
to the claim of denizens, although they go «>
make up the body of the people, yet they are
not citizens of the State or country. I am con-
firmed in the belief which I have entertained
on this subject by the fact that in another part
of this Capitol within two weeks past two bills
have been introduced proposing to declare
these people citizens of the United Stales; and
now that the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, with, I presume, the approbation of
that committee, jjairaade a similar proposition
in this body, it'eertainly"yields the point that
they are not citizens, and my doubts on the
subject, so far as I entertained them, have been
removed.
I think, sir, that we have now at last got to the
beginning of all these questions in reference to
the negro race. I think it needs a constitu-
tional amendmentto make these people citizens
of the United States. I am riot satisfied with
the reasons given by the Senator from Illinois
yesterday for doing it under the clause of the
Constitution authorizing Congress to pass uni-
form laws of naturalization. I think it is one
of the gravest subjects that ever could be sub-
mitted to the people of the United States, and
it involves not only the negro race, but other
inferior races that'are now settlingon our Pacific
coast, and perhaps involves a future immigra-
tion to this country of which we have no con-
ception, for a bill has been introduced at the
other end of the Capitol to strike out the word
"white" from the naturalization laws, so that
we may expect to have an influx here of all
sorts of people from all countries. I need not
pause to say that this would be detrimental to
the best interests of our country. I am willing
to receive among us, and always have been,
those from other countries who are calculated
to make good citizens. I am not and never
have been willing to receive, if the discrimina-
tion could be made, those whose mixture with
our race, whether they are white or black, could
only tend to the deterioration of the mass ; and
I avow myself now as opposed to the amend-
ment which is now before the Senate for the
reasons that T have already stated.
Here let me say before proceeding further,
that if by authoritative action of the people of
the United States, by the deliberate expression
of those who may be properly charged to ex-
press their voice in relation to this matter, it
should be declared that these persons of Afri-
can descent or of foreign races arc citizens of
the United States, I should feel very different
about the vote that I might give in relation to
the subject in my own State. I believe there
arc certain fundamental and eternal principles
that lie at the foundation ol'society: and if you
make these people citizens of the United States,
I should feel that they were entitled to the right
of suffrage. Of course, this must be governed
by circumstances of various kinds, so that some
restrictions may be placed upon them as we
place restrictions upon others.
I entertain what perhaps may be deemed
peculiar ideas in reference to the condition of
society, which I have somewhat announced in
the extract that I have already read. I do not
j believe one word of what the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee read from Blackstone yes-
terday. I think it is mere twaddle, and if closely
examined will be so pronounced by every one
who gives sufficient attention-to the subject. I
cannot conceive of a stale of nature such as is
spoken of there. I know not of people enter-
ing into society. It is never done and never has
been done. What I do think I know is this:
1 believe the constitution of society was given
! to man by the Creator at the time it was insti-
tuted, and that whatever conditions were im-
posed at that time are those to which men should
endeavor to live up.
We hear a great deal about the sentence troru
