1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2521
the late medical convention in Baltimore, and
a professor in the Iowa, Medical College. So
much, sir, in regard to the sentiment of the
medical convention recently assembled in Bal-
timore.
Both of these gentlemen have had great ex-
perience in the treatment of cholera cases, and
their opinions are entitled to great considera-
tion.
As to the imputation that might perhaps be
considered as being conveyed in this letter, that
some of these parties at Baltimore may have
an ax to grind, X of course do not adopt any
such statement as that; still it is quite possible
that it may be so. I am aware that in the
State of New York there has recently been a
very exciting controversy over the question of
appointing health officers. I believe the Gov-
ernor of that State has appointed certain officers
who are not agreeable to the parties who are
opposed to them; and if I am not misinformed
this Dr. Sayre was one of those proposed for the
position now hold by Dr. William Parker. 1
will not undertake to say that Dr. Sayre could
be influenced by any such consideration, but it
is possible that men might be found who would
be influenced by a consideration like this ; that
they would desire that Congress should pass a
measure similar to the one which now lies on
your table, and which we are asked to pass, for
thepurpose of dispensing with the whole quar-
antine organization abiished by the State of
New York, and installing another set of officers
under Federal authority in the places which
they occupy ; for, sir, that is the effect of this
resolution, if it shall be adopted.
When this resolution was under considera-
tion before, I misconstrued the first section of
the substitute. I supposed that it provided for
a commission, to be composed of the Secre-
taries of War, of the Navy, and of the Treasury.
From a more careful examination of ihc word-
ing of this section, I do not understand that it
does that. I understand that it puts the whole
control of this quarantine measure in the hands
of the Secretary of War, and then directs that
the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of
the Treasury shall cooperate with the Secretary
of War, under the direction of the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy ; that is, under
the command of the President. The phrase-
ology is very singular. I have never seen a
bill or resolution submitted to the Senate
before in such phrase as this:
" That it shall he tho duty of the Secretary of War,
with tho cooperation of the Secretary of tho Navy
and tho Secretary of tlio Treasury, whose concurrent
action shall be directed l>y the Commander-m-Chief
of the Army and Navy."
Whose concurrent action? The concurrent
action of the Secretary of the Navy and the
Secretary of the Treasury. The President, as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, is
required to direct the concurrent action of the
Secretaries of the Navy and of the Treasury to
cooperate with the Secretary of War, the Sec-
retary of War being, iu effect, virtually and
legally, as I understand it, placed in command
of this whole organization. It would be suf-
ficiently objectionable to mo even if the reso-
lution were drawn as I supposed it was drawn
when it was under consideration before; but
it is still more objectionable under the con-
struction which I am compelled to place upon
this phraseology. What does it mean if it
does not mean that? If they wanted to create
a board of the three Cabinet officers having
control of the Army, the Navy, and the Treas-
ury, it would have been very easy to have said
so. I apprehend from the fact that they have
not said so, but have directed that the Secre-
tary of War, " with the cooperation of the Sec-
retary of the Navy-and the Secretary of the
Treasury, whose concurrent action shall be
directed by the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy,'" to "adopt an efficient and
uniform system of quarantine against the intro-
duction into this country of the Asiatic cholera,
through its ports of entry whenever tho same
may be threatened by the prevalence of said
disease in couuiries having direct commercial
intercourse with the United Slates."
Now, Mr. President, could these doctors
believe that it was possible for any central gov-
ernment at Washington to adopt such steps as
might be necessary, even if quarantines are
of benefit, to establish a quarantine at Galves-
ton, at New Orleans, at Key West, at Mobile,
at Eastport in Maine, at the mouth of the
Sacramento river or at the mouth of the Co-
lumbia, at Rouse's Point in Vermont, or at
Pembma in tho State of Minnesota? Would
it not be safer for the country, as well- as for
the Treasury of the country, to allow these
various quarantines, if we are going to have
such a system, to be established by the local
and police governments of the respective
States? Is it possible forthe Secretary of War,
even with all the power that is conferred upon
him by this measure, to properly direct when
a quarantine shall be established at Galveston,
and when it shall bo removed, and to designate
tho officers who shall have charge of it?
I confess, Mr. President, that this is about
tho greatest machine that 1 have ever seen pro-
posed to be created or that I havo ever known
attempted to be run by any Government on the
facc of tho earth.
Another great objection to this system is that
it is going to break up all your present quar-
antines. The Secretary of War—mind you,
this joint resolution is all in the singular num-
ber; the sccond clause reads, "he shall also"
—the Secretary of War—"enforce tho estab-
lishment of sanitary cordons, to prevent the
spread of said disease from infected districts
adjacent to or within the limits of the United
"States." He can go within tho territorial juris-
diction of any State, he can dispense w ith all of
the quarantine and police regulations iluit he
may find already established there, and establish
such aslie chooses to establish instead of them.
You thus accustom the people to rclv on tho
central Government to protect, their lives and
their health, instead of relying, as they hitherto
have done, upon the local authorities to protect
them; and in the future, when a disease shall
be anticipated, when it shall be reported that
we are to be visited by the yellow fever or the
plague, we shall have importunities after im-
portunities from the different sections of the
country upon the Federal Government to inter-
pose to protect the lives and the health of the
citizens at the various points. The people at
these distant points will cease to be self-reliant.
It will establish a precedent which in tho end
will in every respcct be disastrous.
This bill is not satisfied ivitli accepting the
agents of quarantine that havo been deputed
by the various States. If it did that I should
have less objection to it ; but it authorizes all
of them to be abolished and a new oiganiza-
tion to be created, new officers to be appointed,
the salaries to be fixed, as I understand it, by
the Secretary of War. It virtually places the
whole Army and Navy and Treasury of the
United States in the keeping of ono man, and
that is the Secretary of War. If you have any
doubt as to what was the intention of this bill
you havo only to read it though. You will see
that it everywhere says this power shall lie con-
ferred upon the Secretary of War. He is the
sole one, and he can command the obedience
and is put into the control both of the Navy
Department and the Treasury Department;
and the President is required—" shall direct"
them—to act with him. " Whose concurrent
action shall bo directed by the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy," is the language.
Mr. HOWE. The Secretary of War is not
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy.
Mr. GlilMES. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER.. The President.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly. Pei haps the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has not understood me.
I say that this bill confers all this authority
upon the Secretary of War. It says " that it
shall bo the duty of the Secretary of War, with
the cooperation of the Secretary of tho Navy
and the Secretary of the Treasury, whose con-
current action"—to whom does that refer?
The Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary
of the Treasury, "whose concurrent action
shall be directed by the Commander-mrChief
of the Army and !Navy." The President of the
United States is- required, it is imperative on
him, to direct the cooperation of the Secretary
of the Navy and the Secretary of the Treasury
to carry out any of the views which the Secre-
tary of War may entertain.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, this bilLcoa?
tains very extraordinary provisions 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Now
York will allow me a moment, I desire to state
that I was about to propose an amendment
which would meet the objections of my friend
the Senator from Iowa as he has stated them,
or some of them at least, and which may pos-
sibly meet the objections of the Senator from
New York. If tho Senator from New York
will give way for that purpose, I move to amend
tho amendment reported by the committee by
striking out lines throe, four, and five, and in-
serting in lieu of them the words, "That the
Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy,
and tho Secretary of the Treasury shall consti-
tute a board whoso duty it shall be to cause,"
&c., and by striking out in line twelve the
words "he shall" and inserting "they may."
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I have sought
to find the authority under which the framer of
the proposition reported by the Committee on
Commerce proceeded. It certainly is very ex-
traordinary in its provisions. Coming as it
does from the Committee on Commerce, I
imagined that it might possibly be justified
under the provision of the Constitution which
authorizes Congress to regulate commerce, but
I could not see that it had much to do with
commerce. Then I went to that other elastic
provision in the Constitution under which much
of the doubtful legislation of the present day
is sought to bo susfained, that provision wliich
requires Congress to guaranty to every State
a republican form of government. I did not
know but that it might be justified under that.
[Laughter.] But finally, looking a little fur-
ther, examining the bill a little closer, 1 came
to the conclusion, inasmuch as this bill puts in
requisition the Secretary of War, tho Secretary
of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and over all these the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and the Navy, that it must
be under the war power; and I believe that if
this bill can bo sustained at all it must be sus-
tained under the war power.
Mr. CLARK. War on the cholera!
Mr. HARRIS. War on the cholera, as the
Senator from New Hampshire says. I thinlc
that is it. I think that is the idea; I think
that is the principle, if there is any principle
about it, on which this bill is framed. Now,
sir, it will not do at all. This bill is uncon-
stitutional obviously. There is no power in-
Congress to pass a law like this.
Look at it, Mr. President. What are we
attempting to do ? Take my own State. We
have in New York, I think, a very efficient, if
it is not a uniform, system of quarantine regu-
lation. We have within tho last year estab-
lished there a Board of Health, and upon that
board there are some of the most eminent phy-
sicians in the State, able and efficient men, who
are doing their duty with great fidelity. It hap-
pens that this board docs not provide for all
the doctors that arc in Now York. There are
some who do not happen to be employed in
carrying on this great work of quarantine, and
of course they can suggest a better mode of
doing the thing, and wc have it in this resolu-
tion. We have there also a board of officers
called commissioners of quarantine, who arc
actively engaged in the performance of their
duty, for whose service a very large appropria-
tion was made by our Legislature, with which
we were able, in November last, to grapple with
the cholera. A ship came from Havre freighted
with cholera, with a large number of cases on
board ; but they were able to take care of it,
and to keep it out of the city. We had a pretty
rigid quarantine there, we thought. Then we
have an efficient health officer with u sufficient
number of assistants. On the whole, we have
got a pretty fair system of quarantine.
