1866.]
APPENDIX TO- THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
81
39th Cong.-... 1st Sess.'
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Chanler.
Ho. op Reps.
longed to them, and that the white men were
to be driven from the State ; that the Govern-
ment would give the negro food, clothing, land,
and money-. Such, sir, are some of the prac-
tical workings of this bureau.
White Hors*e, near Geoeoetoh*jt, S. C.,
January 11,18G6.
Dear Sir: Yours of 24th December reached me
yesterday; there is no mail to Georgetown, nor no
post officc, which will explain the delay. You ask
me to give an opinion relative to the present statu?
of the black race in my neighborhood, with my per-
sonal experience as to their disposition to obey the
laws regulating labor in the South.
.Nothing can be more unsatisfactory to the true
friends of the negro than his present attitude. A
formidable combination exists to accept no contracts
and do no work on the land. Accordingly up to this
date not a sod has been turned or the slightest prep-
aration made for planting the crop in March.
I cannot find out what it is the negroes aredriving
at, except it be to disgustand weary out the planters,
so as to cause them to abandon their lands in despair.
Early in December I offered to all my former slaves
to hire them in a body for good wages and bacon, i.e.,
six dollars a month to the men, eight pounds bacon,
and one pound tobacco, equivalent to ten dollars. It
was refused with contempt, and the declaration that
they would never hire for money wages. So matters
now stand—no prospect of getting in our lands or
making crops while we are dependent on negro ca-
price. What is occurring now may logically be in-
ferred as the course to be expected at every critical
stage of planting and reaping. That they have .secret j
advisers we know, and also in my own case I know
that my negroes are willing to enter into an arrange-
ment for part of the crop, but they dare not do so" at
present. I regard theFreedmen's Bureau as entirely
responsible for the conduct the negroes are pursuing,
and whatever public speeches they may make for
buncombe, their secret agents hold very different lan-
guage to the blacks, based on the conviction that Mr.
buMXKR's policy must prevail, and all these lands be
given to the negroes. As to any disposition to obey
laws regulating labor, in no instance have the blacks
shown any sense of responsibility to abide by their
contracts—they simply ignore them. The United
States authorities in Georgetown are acting with pru-
dence and judgment, endeavoring to restore law and
order, but the area is too vast and their numbers too
limited to be as efficient as the exigencies of the case
require. All men's eyes and hopes rest on white
immigration as the only means of insuring persist ent
and willing labor. What is to become of the blacks
if these plans are carried out I cannot tell; they de-
sire to live as landed gentry, and to be consumers,
not producers. This state of things, I fear, must have
a violent ending. The blacks appear to be in that
condition which may ripen into crime. Idleness is
the root of all evil, and it will prove so hero, I am
sure. The races can only live side by side by both
respecting and carrying out the laws. You ask as to
the condition of the white race, and their disposition
to obey the laws. The very scanty crops made this
year will inmost cases barely be sufficient for seed,
leaving no portion for sale. Of course the planters
are very much embarrassed, without capital or credit,
and naturally very desponding, seeing the probabil-
ity of another short crop, and eternal confusion and
struggling again in 1806. They are singularly patient^
and accept the situation quietly and heroically; in
no instance have I seen or heard of the slightest in-
disposition to obey the law. Indeed why should there
be. Mere policy would dictate that course, even if
honor did not bind them to it. The most cordial re-
lations exist between the troops in Georgetown and
the militia; they have been acting together of late
as guards and couriers, and the ellVot has been to ef-
face all lines of difference and bring about the best ,
understanding. I have given this very imperfect ,
sketch to go as early as possible. The remedy for all j
these ills may be found in inducing the negro to work ;
—in nothing else.
The next letter is from a son of the Protestant
Episcopal bishop of South Carolina. He has a
large experience in the treatment of negroes:
Camden, South Carolina, January 5,1866.
Dear Sir: Your letter of the 24th ultimo has just
been received, and I hasten to reply and give you such
information as 1 am able on the points suggested.
The present and future of thehlack race i« a subject
that has been exercising us greatly, and a problem
that we have not yet been able to solve. The negro
is remarkable for two thing?: his docility and his dis-
inclination to labor of any kind. I think the ability
to do nothing is more fully developed in him than in j
any living animal. Our experience of the past year !
i« not encouraging for the future. It has been impos- i
sible to induce him to labor efficiently, and I know of \
but one or two instances in which they ha\re not vio- .
lated their contracts, either by refusal to work or by
unauthorized absence; the consequence of which is
that now, at the begmniug of the year, it is estimated
that there are not more than provisions enough in the
State tosupply the inhabitant'for six months. On my
father-in-law's plantation,where there are three hun-
dred negroes, little or no cotton was made, and not
corn enousrh to supply the plantation for the year to
come. Tht'irthievingpropensities too, have increased
with the increased facilities for stealing, and a large
proportionof thestockhasbeen killed by them. To so
alarming an extent have such depredations been ear-
:)9TU COXC. ISTSkss—"No (5.
ried, that it hasbeen found necessary tokeep the hogs
and cattle constantly under guard. And this planta-
tion has been, perhaps,^ one of the most orderly an,d
best conduetedin this neigh borhood. It was found alio
very dimcuitto induce them to harvest the crop alter
it was mtule, and thousands of bushels of grain have
been left to rot in the fields. What X have stated is
not the experience of one man, but the concurrent
testimony of all the planters of the State. At this time
the planters are endeavoring to make arrangements
for the year; hritthe freedmen almost universally re-
fuse to contract, orrequire such te?ms as are impossi-
ble to be acceded to. I have heard them in many
instances say "that they had provisions enough to
go on for some time, and that they positively would
not work for any mat." And the impression gener-
ally is that they will idle away their time and do noth-
ing as,tongas their supplies last, (they hare just re-
ceived their proportion of last year's crop,) and will
ottly go to work when necessity forces them to it.
They have an inordinate desire to own land, or at
least to plant for themselves, and applications arecon-
stantly made to the planter to rent land. This can-
not be done, however, as no security can be given for
the payment of the rent, and experience does not war-
rant the idea that the negro will work diligently and
industriously even for himself. And again, hchas not
the means of planting for himself, neither provisions
for the year, nor utensils nor animals with which to
plant.
This is agloomy picture; and Imust confessthat to
my mind our future is anything but bright. Still, I
do not regard the experience of last year altogether
conclusive. I do not know that we can take it as a
eiiterioii for (he future. The negroes last year were
highly elated by their new-born freedom. Their minds
were inflamed by the ignorant soldiery constituting
the garrisons throughout the country, and by fanat-
ical ncwspapeis circulated among them merely for
political purposes, entirely misrepresenting the con-
dition of things, and inducing them to believe that the
lands -and property of the whites were to be divided
among them; thus begetting tile idea that freedom
consisted only in exemption from labor, and not that
it is the privilege to vote for themselves and to enjoy
the fruits of then labor. Still, notwithstanding all
this, they havecondueted themselves with commend-
able propriety, indicating no disposition to violence,
and indolence and thieving being their chief faults,
which I hope in time may be overcome, when the
evil influences which have been exercised upon them
shall have passed away.
Those who have been apparently most zealous for
the welfare of the negro have in tiuth been his worst
enemy. His best fnend will be found to be theold
master, who has lived withhim,understands him,and
is willing to raise him as much as possible from his
present condition of ignorance and degradation. The
intelligent mind ot the South sees no way of making
available for u&etul purposes this large proportionof
our population without elevating him by means of
education. The planters are all anxious to give the
system of freed Tabor a fair and earnest trial for an-
other year, but few are sanguine as to its results. The
greatest difficulty in the way is the impoverished con-
dition of the country. If the negro will work at all,
it will be when he is paid weekly or daily wages, and
his lost time constantly deducted, thus bringing be-
fore him the result" of his indolence. But the fewest
possible number of men in the State are able to do
this, and the only resource left to them is to give a
share of the crop. This is too remote an inducement
to procure from them constant and patient labor, and
,up to this time I have not heard of a single planta-
tion on which they have contracted to remain.
The utter prostration and destitute condition of the
country show clearly how earnestly, and with what
an honest purpose the southern people enlicted in the
disastrous war from which they have just emerged,
and with the same earnestness and honesty have tliey
taken upon themselves renewed obligations to the na-
tional Government. I think it a remarkable fact,
and one proving how law-abiding and order-loving
are the people of this State, that after a war of four
years, after the disbanding of largearmies, with only
military law to restrain, and that to be enforced by a
mere nominal garrison in each district, wo have not
heard of a single case oi ingnway robbery, and very
seldom of personal violcnceof any kind. And nnin-
dividualmnytravel through the most thinly inhabited
portionofourStatein perfeetsecurity. Rest assured,
sir, that the people of this State have accepted with
all sincerity the condition of things, andasthevwere
true to the last to principles which tbey had Jong
cherished, and deemed of vital importance to their
welfare, so will thev be tiue to a Government which
has so far acted toward them with moderation, dis-
cretion, and wisdom. Their earnest de^he is once
more to be admitted into the councils of the nation,
and to have a voice id the enactment ot such la we as |
may be necessary for theirfatureseeurity. andt'orthe \
restoration of their beloved country from the utter
desolation and ruin that now exists. The integrity
of the Union will never again be threatened by the
southern States. Of this the Korth can require no
greater security than is afforded m their entire help-
lessness and prostiation, lrom which they will not re-
cover for generations to come. The bone of conten-
tion hasbeen taken away. Slavery is dead forever,
and could not be restored if desired. The earnest
endeavor of this State will be to elevate the social
condition of the negro, and by a -'ull, fair, and honest
experiment to decide the question, whether he can be
governed by reason, as he has been by coercion, and
he made a useful member of society. To thisendour
Legislature has passed a code of laws giving them
almost every privilege of the white man. That of
suffrage they arc not yet ready for, nor are the body of
the people yet willing to accord it to-them. The
northern people should not insist upon our giving up
at once our prejudices while they adhere to theirs.
Time, the great soitener of all things, may produce
great changes, and thene^romay befouadcaoableof
taking a much higher noationin thesocial scale than
that which is now acoordcdfto him ; but my firm convic-
tion isthathemustgodownbeforethcresistless energy
of the Anglo-Saxon. Isend you some paneie contain-
ing the code above mentioned. I hopesinccrely that
you may prove successful in putting down fanaticism'
and prejudice, and in effecting the restoration of our
members once more to the Halls of Congress.
With high regard and esteem, yours, respectfully,
rr t txt /i J.M.I) A VIS.
Hon. J. W. Chanler.
Collector's Office Internal Revenue,
Third District op South Carolina,
Columbia, S.C., January 15,1866.
Dear Sir; In reply to your letter of inquiry as to
the condition of the negroes in this section, and their
disposition to work and obey thelaws, &c., 1 would say
that as a gen eral th i ng th e negro es are orderly and well
behaved, but do not show much disposition to work.
Their idea of freedom seems to be the privilege ofdoing^
nothing. They are only mindful of to-day and do not
think of to-morrow. The idea had got very current
among them that lands were to be distributed among
them by the Government. They feel disappointed
about this. I find, however, that a great many are
offering now to go to work who before refused, xtnd I
think were it not for the evil effects produced by the"
mischievousagentsoftheFreedmen'sBureau.thatthe
negroes would soon all see the folly of attempting to
get along without work. This bureau has caused ai
great deal of misehief-by itscourse. It has inculcated
erroneous ideas of the views of the Government into
the minds of the negroes, and the agents have in a
great many instances spoke in one way to the whites
and anotherto the negroes. This has made them lose
the confidence of both, and much evil has resulted
from it. As to the disposition ot the whites, there is-
no doubt but that it is tar better than anybody could
ever have anticipated. General Grant has given a
true and correct account of the exact state of things.
There is a general, not only acquiescence, hut active
desire on the part of all to cooperate with the Gov-
ernment in wiping out the past and working together
for the future. I feel perfectly convinced that the
admission of the southern Representatives would bo
the inauguration of a new era of prosperity. You of
the Noith who have not been down here to witness
the actual state of things can have a very poor con-
ception of the general prostrate condition of this sec-
tion and the actual stateof destitution that almostall
are in. Families who counted their income by thou-
sands, now arc almost in a state of starvation. I be-
lieve that in this place not lessthan six or eight com-
mon street carts are driven by gentlemen who before
the war owned property valued at $250,000, and who
now support their families on from one dollar to one
dollar and fifty cents per day, which they get for aload
of wood or other hauling. What makes it worse, all
are in this condition or almost so: there arc none with
means to help the others.
Yours, very truly, JAMES GIBBES,
Collector Third District of tiouth Carolina.
john w. clianllsr.
The last letter I shall present to the House
is from the late presiding oSiccr of the Senate
of South Carolina, now a judge on the bench,
of the highest court of that State:
Sumter. South Carolina, January 4,1866.
Bear Sir : Your letter of the 2*1 th ultimo did not
reach me until yesterday.
The subjcct-matter on which you desire information
is full of difficulty and surrounded by so many con-
flicting views that it is not an easy task to arrive at an
opinion which one would accept as just and true.
During the whole war the slave population de-
meaned themselves in a quiet and peaceiul manner.
Though our male citizen? were absent in the army,
and the large majority of whites at home were women
and children, sti'l they exhibited no indication of an-
tagonism, or even-restlessness. They worked with
spirit although they knew that the products of their
labor, m large proportions, contributed to the support
of the confederate army. They wentcheerfully to the
sea-coa«t to aid in the erection of batteries and fortifi-
cations, and 1 though j in close proximity to thePederal
forces. with available opportunity of escape, it was
a rare thing that one failed to return to his home on
tlic expiration ofhisterra of service. With the entry,
however, of the Fedeial forces during the war, a
change appeared to "come over the spirit of their
dreams." and wherever the United States military
appeared, even only marching through the country,
not only did they, to a great extent, perceive and ap-
preciate the new influence, but in numbers they aban-
! doned their old homes and associations, and in many
' instances their children, to follow their new fortunes,
1 as they supposed, led by tftcir deliverers, carrying
' with them all the spoils on which they could lay their
! hands, even if confided to them ina trustful capacity.
; Many who had better understanding, and more sense
| than the others, remained, saying that if thev were to
; be free they would prefer to he at their old homes,
! and near their masters, who they thought woi«ld be-
1 friend and aid them. Those, however, who dm re-
main. from the moment they supposed themselves
free, although not doing much of active wrong, still
were sullen, impertinent, and altogether idle. After
the authorities compelled them to contract for plan-
tation work for the last year, on really good terms to
