498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
the Declaration of Independence that "all men
are crcated equal." 1 am willing to admit that
all men are created equal, but how_ are they
equal? Can a citizen of France, for instance,
by going into England be entitled to all the
rights of a citizen of that country, or by coming
into this country acquire all the rights of an'
American, unless he is naturalized? Can a cit-
izen of our country by going into any other
become entitled to the rights of a citizen there?
jlf not, it may be said that they are not equal.
I believe that the division of men into separate
communities and their living in society and asso-
ciation with their fellows, as they ds , are both
divine institutions, and that, consequently, the
'authors of -the Declaration of Independence
could have meant nothing more than that the
rights of citizens of any community are equal
to the rights of all other citizens of that com-
munity. Whenever all communities are con-
ducted in accordance with these principles, these
very conditions of their prosperous existence,
then all mankind will be equal, each enjoy-
ing his equality in his own community, and not
till then. Therefore, 1 asserted in the speech
from- which I have already read, that there was
no right that could bo exercised by any com-
munity of society more perfect than that of ex-
cludihg from, citizenship or membership those
Jwho were objectionable. If a little society is
formed for a benevolent, literary, or any other
purpose, the "members immediately exercise,
and claim the right to exercise that right; they
determine who shall come into their commu-
nity. We have the right to determine who shall
be members of our community, and much as
has been said here about what God has done,
and about our obligations to the Almighty in
reference to this matter, I do not sec where it
comes in that wc are bound to receive into our
community those \vhosn mingling with us might
be detrimental to our interests. I do not be-
lieve that a superior race is bound to receive
•among it those of an inferior race if the min-
gling of them can only tend to the detriment
of the mass. I do not mean strict miscegena-
tion, but I mean the mingling of two races in
society, associating from time to lime with each
I other.
I am speaking without immediate prepara-
tion. 1 did not suppose that this subject would
have come before us as soon as yesterday, nor
did I suppose that this matter would have come
to a vote to-day. I have stated plainly the ideas
which have led mo to the conclusion that we
have a right to exclude these people and all
other people of the inferior races from becoming
citizens, if we so choose, I have said as much
as I need say as to the propriety of doing so.
On that subject every Senator must judge for
himself.
But [ must say that, in my opinion, notwith-
standing the icmarks made by the chairman of
the Co'.omiMee on the Judiciary yesterday, the
mode in which it is proposed to effect this object
is neither constitutional nor legal. 1 do not
think thai, the clause that is proposed to be
introduced into this bill, providing that, persons
of African descent are and shall be hereafter
citizens of this country, is sufficient to do it. If
they are not. as seems to be admitted on all
hands, at this time citizens of the United States,
they must be got in under some authority of the
Constitution. The gentleman points us to the
clause authorizing naturalization. I was mis-
taken yesterday in saying that the language of
the Constitution expressly applied to the nat-
uralization of foreigners ; but I apprehend from
the term used that I was not wrong in the con-
clusion that that clause was intended'to apply
to foreigners only. Be that as it may, however,
the clause of the Constitution is that there shall
be a uniform rule on the subject of naturaliza-
tion. I cannot say that [ know of any decision
as to the force of thai word I: uniform.'' Tak-
ing it. however, in its ordinary acceptation, it
would seem to mean this at least, with other
things, perhaps, that the laws in reference to
the naturalization of all persons should be uni-
form. W? have laws in force for the natural -
- ization of foreigners: and I would remind the
chairman of the committee that the ease he
cited of the Stockbridge Indians was also the
naturalization of .foreigners; for we hold the
Indian tribes to be quasi foreign nations; we,
at least, make treaties with them, which are
confirmed by this body. The laws of natural-
ization as they stand require a notice to be given
and a renunciation of the allegiance to all for-
eign Powers, and require that notice to be given,
I tDelieve, two years before the application is
made ; but there is no provision of that sort in
this proposition. I should be very willing to
have the question submitted in some form to
the people of the United States, whether they
desire to admit to citizenship this class of per-
sons ; and I do not confine it to the African race
alone, but I include the races on the Pacific
coast that I have already mentioned, and others
to whom it is proposed to open the doors. I
would like to see it tested by a fair vote of the
people of the United States whether they are will-
ing that these piebald races from every quarter
shall come in and bo citizens with them in this
country, and enjoy the privileges which they are
now enjoying as such citizens. I think it would
not bo fair to bring in an amendment to the
Constitution proposing to make them citizens,
with a view to submitting it to the Legislatures
now in session; and therefore I should prefer,
if any such provision is to be introduced and
passed, that it should go to the conventions of
the people, or, atleast, lhatit should be so timed
that it would go before the Legislatures to be
elected in the coming summer or fall, so that
the voice of the people may be expressed upon
it. If that-voiec shall be in favor of it, if the
majority of the people of the United States
shall declare that these people are citizens, I
shall be among the first to endeavor to do my
whole duty toward them by recognizing them
as citizens in every respce\
I refused to join the American party at the
time of its first formation because I thought it
discriminated between naturalized citizens and
native citizens. However much I might dis-
approve of the naturalization law previously to
that time, I felt that while that was the law, and
while these people were admitted under the
law, they were entitled to all the rights and
privileges and the same treatment as other citi-
zens ; and if these dusky people shall also be
admitted to the rights of citizenship in such a
way as I believe contains a fair expression of
the people, and is according to the Constitu-
tion, I pledge myself to treat them in the same
way that I was disposed to treat our naturalized
citizens.
I think, sir, that this subject is one of great
importance; [ think it is one of the most im-
portant wc have ever had before us growing
out of (if this may lie said to grow out of) the
war; and I trust that at least it will not be
passed through this Senate in a hurry or without
due examination. There aro others here much
more capable of doing justice to this subject on
Ihe one side and the other than I am, who. I
hnpo. will let us hear from thc-m, and give us
their views in relation to it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER., (Air. Pomcmy
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TiiUlIBULL. No action having been
taken upon that amendment. I desire to with-
draw it and to offer another in lieu of it to the
same, purport, changing the phraseology. In
the third line of the first section, after the word
'•that," I move to insert these words:
Alt persons born in the United States, and not sub-
let to anvloreis-n Power, arc hereby declared to be
citi/.cns of the United States, without distinction of
color and.
So that the section will read:
Beit enacted, That all personsbom in the Uni-
ted States, and not subject to any foreign Power, arc
hereby declared to be citizens of the United States,
without distinction of color, and there shall be no dis-
crimination in civil nchts or immunities anions' the
inhabitants of any State or Territory of the United
States on accountof lacc, color, or previous condition
of slaveiy, £0.
Mr. GrLTIIIUIi. I will ask the Senator if
he intends by that amendment to nalmalizc all
the Indiana of the United States?
Mr. HOWARD. That is the very question
I was about to put.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Our dealings with the
Indians are with them as foreigners, as separate
nations. We deal with them by treaty, and
not by law, except in reference to those who
are incorporated into the United States as some
are, and are taxable and become citizens, and
then it would be desirable that it should apply
to the Indians so far as those who are domes-
ticated andpay taxes and live in civilized society
are concerned. In reference to the other tribes,
they will not be embraced by this provision be-
cause we have always treated the Indian tribes
as nations with whom we made treaties. 'The
intention is not to embrace them. If the Sen-
ator from Kentucky thinks the language would
embrace them, I should have no objection to
changing it so as to exclude tfie Indians. It
is not intended t.o include them.
Mr. GUTHRIE. The right of citizenship is
a great boon, and may well bo supposed to bo
given to the Indians if you use language strong
enough to give it to them; and as they are mere
dependents upon the Government, living in the
United States, I think they would be made citi-
zens under such a provision as this.
Mr. COWAN. I will ask whether it will not
have the effect of naturalizing the children of
Chinese and Gypsies born in this country?
Mr. THUMBULL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. COWAN. Then I think it would be
proper to hear the Senators from California on
that question, because that population is now
becoming very heavy up5n .the Pacific coast;
and when wo consider that it is in proximity
to an empire containing four hundred million
people, very much given to emigrating, very
rapacious in their character, and very astute in
their dealings, if they are to be made citizens
and to enjoy political power in California, then,
sir, the day may not be very far distant when
California, instead of belonging to the Indo-
European race, may belong to the Mongolian,
may belong to the Chinese ; because it certainly
would not be difficult for that empire, with lior
resources, and with the means she has, to throw
a population upon California and the mining
districts of that country that would overwhelm
our race and wrest from them the dominion of
that country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Pennsylvania, if the children
of Chinese now born in this country are not
citizens?
Mr. COWAN. I think not.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I understand that under
the naturalization laws the children who are
born here of patents who have not been nat-
uralized are citizens. '1 hat is the law, as I un-
derstand it, at the present time. Isnotthc child
born in this country of German parents a citi-
zen ? I am afraid we have got very few citizens
in some of the coun'ies of good old Pennsylvania
if the children born of German parents are not
citizens.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator as-
sumes that which isnotthc fact. The children
of German parents arc citizens ; but Germans
are not Chinese ; Germans are not Australians,
nor Hottentots, noranything of the kind. That
is the fallacy of his argument.
Mr. TIIU MB UIjL. 1 f the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will show me in the law any distinction '
made between the children of German parents
and the children of Asiatic parents, I might be
able to appreciate the point which he makes ;
but the law makes no such distinction ; and the
child of an Asiatic is just as much a citizen as
the child of a European.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to call the
attention of the chairman of the Committee 011
the Judiciary to this state of facts: 1110M of the
Indians of our State have taken an allotment
of lands, and our supreme court have dceided
that by the act of accepting the allotments, they
have separated themselves from their tribal re-
lations : and I suppose the chairman does not
intend to make the Indians of Kansas citizens
of the United States.
Mr, TllUMBULL. They are already citi-
