2522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Now, what does this resolution propose to
do ? To set aside the whole of that system, and
take the whole power into the hands of the Gen-
eral Government, and to set the Secretary of
War, with the cooperation of the Secretary of
the Navy and the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, guarding the harbor of New York, and
all the other harbors of the country. If it was
not so serious a matter, I should regard it as
very ridiculous. It is a thing utterly impracti-
cable ; it cannot be done.
It is said by those medical .gentlemen who
are endeavoring to frame this thing that it is
very important to have it uniform. I appre-
hend that that is in itself entirely impractica-
ble. You cannot adopt a uniform system of
quarantine. Each harbor must take care of
its own quarantine. I am entirely opposed to
the measure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The objections which the
Senator from Iowa has made, mainly, are
answered, I think, by the amendment which I
have had the honor to submit. I have no
knowledge of the origin of this resolution, and
therefore I cannot explain the motives under
which the precise phraseology was originally
adopted. But all that the resolution now pro-
poses to do, if my amendment be adopted, is
simply to create a board composed of the Sec-
retaries of War, of the Navy, and of the Treas-
ury, who shall have authority over this subject;
and the only question to which I propose to
address myself now is that of the power of
Congress to pass this resolution. It was
objected yesterday by the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] and is again
objected to-day by the learned Senator from
New York, [Mr. Harris,] that this exceeds
our constitutional power. If it docs, then wo
certainly ought not to pass it. If it does not,
then in my judgment, wcoughttopassit. Now,
what, is quarantine? What is the precise thing
which this resolution has in contemplation to
be done? Is it not the regulation of the admis-
sion from foreign countries into the United
States of persons and properly? It is nothing
more, it is nothing less. We are not under-
taking to prescribe specifies for a pestilence or
disease. The threatened existence of pesti-
lence and disease is that which furnishes the
motive lor us to regulate the introduction of
persons who may bo infected with it within
our borders.
_ Then, if I have correctly stated the proposi-
tion, the question is, have we authority to pre-
scribe the terms and limitations under which
persons and property maybe received into the
United States? And that,is the whole question.
Upon this sub]oH, rather than express my
own feeble opinions, I beg leave to call the
attention of the learned Senator from New
York- and the honorable Senator from Maine
to the language of the Supreme Court of the
United Slates, speaking in the passenger cases,
decided in the January term, 1849, where the
precise point in judgment was the constitu-
tional question whether it was lawful or not
for a State to impose regulations and limita-
tions upon the introduction of persons into
the United States; and it was held, without
dissension, by an able and unanimous court
that the right to regulate the introduction of
persons and property into the United States
was cleaily a regulation of commerce. Mr.
Justice McLean, in pronouncing the leading
opinion in that case, said:
„,r?v!m>crr>e he 'an exchange of com-
niocutics _ .but this definition does not convoy the
l .1 > mitellm; includes 'navigation
and iiitcicourse. that the transportation of pas-
uengeio is a pait of commerce is not now an open
question. In(ribbons vs. Og-den, this court say, 'No
clear distinction is perceived between the powers to
regulate vessels in transporting men for hire and
property for hire.' Iho provision of the Constitu-
tion, that the migration or importation of such per
sons as any of tho States now existing shall think
proper to admit shall not bo prohibited by Congress
prior to the year 18us,' is a restriction on tho general
power of Congress to regulate commerce. In refer-
ence to this clause, this court say, in the above case,
'This section proves that the power to regulate com-
merce applies equally to the regulation of vessels
employed in transporting men who pass from place to
place voluntarily, and to those who pass involun-
tarily.'
" To encourage foreign emigration was a cherished
policy of this country at the time the Constitution was
adopted. As a branch of commerce the transporta-
tion of passengers has always given a profitable em-
ployment to our ships, and within a few years past
has required an amount of tonnage nearly equal to
that of imported merchandise."
And then they proceed to pronounce the
judgment of the court that these State regula-
tions imposing a tax upon the introduction of
passengers, which implies the power of course,
and with it the exercise of it, to regulate the
terms of their admission into the country, are
unconstitutional and void. Therefore,«if the
subject upon which this resolution is to oper-
ate is the regulation of the introduction of
persons and property, although the motive to
it may be the prevention of the spread of pesti-
lence and disease, is ic not clearly within the
very letter of the definition which I have read,
the regulation of commerce? I do not appeal,
as was intimated by the Senator from Maine
yesterday, to the "general welfare" clause,
although I think if we all m legislation looked
a little to the general welfare in the exercise
of our duties wo should not be the worse for it.
I do not appeal, as is supposed by my honor-
able friend from New York, to the war-making
power merely because the power of the Secre-
tary of War is invoked to execute this law. I
appeal to that clear grant of constitutional
power which is given to Congress to regulate
the terms upon which persons and property
may be imported into the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-,,
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 280.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will ask unanimous con-
sent that that order may be temporarily laid
aside until we finish this resolution. 1 have
but a word more to say upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
tho bill being laid aside until the Senator con-
clude his remarks, but there are other Senators
who want to speak on this resolution, and I
presume it would be debated all day. I have
no objection to the Senator completing his
remarks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I shall not insist
upon disposing of the resolution now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to lay aside the unfinished
business of yesterday until he concludes his
remarks. The Chair hears no objection,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have only to add a word
to what I have said, and I shall have done.
It has been objected that this is an extraordi-
nary grant of power to the Secretaries who
have been named, to employ the resources of
the United States, as they have been described,
its armies, its navies, and its Treasury, to repel
this pestilence. _ It may be extraordinary, but
that is no objection to its exercise if the exi-
gency of the occasion requires it. Now, in
the case of ordinary legislation, as for customs,
for instance, the law is executed by providing
penalties for its infraction and forfeiture of the
goods which may be introduced into the coun-
try in violation of law; but in the case of a
pestilence, which is the object to be excluded,
he who undertakes to legislate by way of pun-
ishment against persons who violate" the law
and bring in the pestilence, fails to do his duty
to tho country, because the pestilence once
introduced, punishment to the person who in-
troduces it is a very inadequate remedy indeed.
Therefore, iu a case of this description, as in
the case of the bill which has already been
passed excluding cattle on account of the cat-
tle plague, it is absolutely indispensable that
the executive force of the law should go along
with the enactment, and that so much of the
power of the country as is necessary should
be exercised at the time of the prohibition by
way of prevention and exclusion, instead of
by way of punishment and penalty afterward.
Therefore this is one of those classes of cases
where, if it is right to act at all, it is indispen-
sable that the executive force of the Govern-
ment should be brought to bear at the very
moment of its execution by way of prevention
rather than by punishment afterward.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 280) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and for
other purposes, is now before the Senate, the
pending question being on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] upon which the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, when the Senate
adjourned last evening I was paying a passing
respect to a remark made by the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Saulsbuky] in a speech on this
question some days ago. But, sir, I propose
now to return to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Doolittle] and the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] for the purpose
of determining whether they or others stand
upon this Baltimore platform. The honora-
ble Senator from Wisconsin says that no power
on earth shall drive him from it; whether be-
sieged by Radicals on the one side or by Dem-
ocrats on the other, there he is to stand, and
stand forever; and I understand the Senator
from Pennsylvania to occupy the same atti-
tude upon that platform. If that platform is
large enough, if there is any room for others, I
propose to stand there with them for awhile,
until they push me off or they leave it. This
Baltimore platform was the political direction,
the scriptural direction—if such a term is ap-
plicable to politics—upon which the last battle
was fought and won, and I propose to hang to
it. It was said by a distinguished member of
the Cabinet not long ago that in these flurries
and gales some few would be washed overboard
and some left. I propose to weather this gale
by standing upon the deck of the Baltimore
platform. In examining this platform, sir,
you will find that it contains only two very
important provisions, and the first is the most
important:
"Revolved, That it is the highest duty of every
Americancitizen to maintain, against all their ene-
mies, the integrity of the Union and the permanent
outhoiity of the Constitution and the laws of the
United States;"—
I understood the distinguished Senator from
Pennsylvania to say that the Democrats had
got on to that portion of the platform. I trust
that no power on this side will be exercised to
drive one of them off. If they have been con-
verted by the distinguished Senators from Penn-
sylvania and Wisconsin, so that they are con-
tent to stand upon that, it is a new era in their
political history, one that will be noted with
great favor as an instance of the wonderful
power of the two Senators who have wrought
the change—
"and that, laying aside all differences and political
opinions, we pledge ourselves as Union 'men, ani-
mated by a common sentiment and aiming at a com-
mon object, to do everything in our power to a.id the
Government in quelling, by force of arms, the rebel-
lion now raging against its authority, and in bringing
to the punishment due to their crimes the rebels and
traitors arrayed against it."
That, sir, is the great cardinal principle of
the Baltimore platform, and to every line and
word of it I most heartily assent. It declared
it to be our duty to maintain the Union, the
Constitution, and the laws against all their
enemies; but our Democratic friends did not
see it in that light; they did not agree—and I
refer to that portion of them who are now act-
ing with the two distinguished Senators with
whom I am holding this controversy—they did
not agree then to that sentiment, if they did,
that other convention which they now. with me.
wish had never been held," at Chicago, would
never have taken place. This platform, by the
cogency of its reasoning and the potency of its
argument, commanded the support of a large
majority of the Union-loving men of this coun-
try. They had ascertained—and I congrat-
ulate the members of that convention, for I
understand my friend claims to have taken a
distinguished part in it—that the rebellion had
reached that point where nothing but the force
