1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3483
cultv that the Pacific coast labors under con-
stantly, notwithstanding its many great natural
advantages, is, that it is on the other side of a
great continent, while the Government is prin-
cipally on this side, arid therefore the wants of
that distant- country can never be known or
understood fully here. This great means ot
intercommunication, instantaneous in its char-
acter, is provided; but, unfortunately, by-the
love of gain established as a principle in the
human mind, it consolidates itself and becomes
a monopoly. To-day we are asked to vote with
the Senator from Ohio to offer inducements for
liberalizing this great agency and inducing the
establishment ot' rival lines. I do not think
there can be any objection urged successfully
against the project. The bill is no longer an
act to authorize the National Telegraph Coni-
pany to do anything. Its title must necessarily
be changed after the adoption of the pending
amendment, and it must be called an act to
grant to all parties who may choose to organize
themselves under the laws of the States of the
Union the right to build telegraph lines over
the post roads of the United States. I hope,
sir, that we shall have such an act.
Mr. NYE. I am not to be charged by the
Senator from California  
Mr. CONNESS. I did not charge the Sen-
ator.
Mr. NYE. With any want of kindly feeling
toward the Pacific coast equal to his own. X
have been connected with that coast as he has.
My object is not what the honorable Senator
presumes it to be, by any means. My object is
to lighten the burdens from off the shoulders
of the people of the Pacific coast. They are
already as great as they can bear. I repeat, the
experience of the past proves that every cor-
poration that has been organized and gotten
up with a view of breaking down this monop-
oly and combination has but increased the
power of this combination and this monopoly.
Does the Senator need to be told that millions
when invested must pay interest in some way/
And how is it to be paid? It is to be paid by
the persons who nse the facilities offered. Is
there anv proposition contained in the bill pre-
sented here by the Senator from Ohio to build
a rod of telegraph anywhere? Is there any
proposition to build a telegraph to the I acihc
coast? If so, I shall be happy to aid m its
construction, and to throw around it all the
guards that Congress has the power to throw
around it. in order that the newly constructed
line to the Pacific coast may not become a
monopoly like the other. But} sir, that is^ not
the proposition. My honorable friend from
Ohio has read me some of the names to show
how wealthy the men are who are engaged in
this enterprise. Sir, that is the way they have
made themselves rich. Instead of Mr.lren-
tiss being worth four milHons, authorize the
National' Telegraph Company to build a line
as this bill first proposed and he will be worth
five millions to-morrow. Who has got to pay
the additional million? It is the honorable
Senator from California and myself and every
one who uses the telegraph.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will permit me,
I know, to say a word right here. The Senator
persists in fighting what is not before us, the
bill to establish the National Telegraph Com-
pany and enfranchise it. The question before
the Senate now, and that I have endeavored to
address myself to, is a bill to enableall com-
panies whatever to build telegraph lines over
the post routes of the United States. I hat is
my answer to the Senator.
Mr. NYE. This thing started, at least, m sub-
stance, and now my friend says it is a shadow.
It is spread so thin that you cannot see it.
[Laughter. ] I know that this bill never would
have "been born if it had not been for that
National Telegraph Company of New York.
Thev have not got an inch of wire, nor a post,
nor a place to put a post: but they hold an act
of incorporation created in New York , they
want to get a congressional indorsement, and
then what? Then to go to this existing com-
pany and say. '! Gentlemen, we are now going to
construct a new telegraph to the Pacific; what
will you give us if we do not do it?-' The re-
ply will be, "Let us have no rivalry; we will
buy you out; we will increase the stock of
our company S1,OOU,OOU, and that shall be
yours."
Mr. SHERMAN. We make the bill so that
they cannot buy it.
Mr. NYE. Nonsense ! Tell me what can-
not be done by the consent of Congress and I
will show you a white blackbird. [Laughter.]
That is the way this monopoly is to be broken
down by the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia. I have no doubt his intentions are
good, but his reasoning entirely fails to con-
vince me. Sir, I have seen the various com-
panies started from the day the first telegraph
wire was stretched from this eity to Baltimore:
I have lived to see every inch of telegraph in this
country laid : and where now are your inde-
pendent companies? All together; all consol-
idated ; the United States, and the Union, the
Pacific, and all these numberless companies
are all one company, with one set ot directors;
and, sir, make your National Telegraph Com-
pany which this bill was intended to bracc up,
to give it power to walk, and that will be under
the same set of directors to-morrow. How?
By increasing the stock of the old monopoly
to pay for it. and then we shall have to pay
an additional price for telegraphing.
Now, my friend from California has a start-
ling case of fraud upon a land grant in Cali-
fornia. I repeat the question, suppose there
were a dozen lines to California, would that
lessen or increase the facilities tor cheating/
Mr. CONNESS. No; but as I understand
the honorable Senator, he is entirely willing
to sleep and lie contentedly under the pres-
ent order of things. ,
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, that shows either
how obtuse I am or the Senator from Califor-
nia is. J have repeated over and over again
that I desire the same object that he does, to
lighten the burdens of the persons who have
ti? use the telegraph, but the modus operandi
by which he would cheapen it has, by the
logic and the history of the past, been shown
to increase the burden every time it has been
attempted.
Mr. CONNESS. f should like to make an
inquirv ol the Senator at this point.
Mr."NYE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I ask _the Senator
if I am to understand him to believe that no
means possible remain to excite competition
or rivalry in the telegraphing business in the
United States ?
Mr. NYE. Not at all.
Mr. CONNESS. Then we understand the
Senator. ..
Mr. NYE. You do not understand me it
you echo that. I will try again to make the
Senator from California understand me, and
if he does not. it will not bo my fault. There
is a way to do it: to authorize the construction
of a telegraph line from New York to the Pa-
cific ocean, and say that they shall not receive
over so much a word for telegraphing, cutting
it down one half; and if the Senator from Ohio
will so frame his bill as to authorize the Na-
tional Telegraph Company to construct a line
to the Pacific coast and carry messages for one
half the price now charged, I will vote lor it.
That is the way to do it. The Senator lrom
California remembers the old story of the fox
covered all over with flies as thick as they could
stick. A kindly friend came along and asked
permission to drive them away, "tor Cod s
sakedonotdothat,'' was the reply, 'for if you
do a more hungry swarm will come. [Laugh-
ter.] That is what I am afraid ol here. It, is
of this new hungry swarm that is coming, with
i no restrictions upon them, to increase rather
; than diminish the price of telegraphing from
' here to the Pacific coast, or from here to Lal-
tiinore. The old swarm have got fat; do not
drive them away and let a leaner class come in.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to inquire of
the Senator how the limiting of this company
to one half the present price per message would
prevent them from being bought up by the old
company. And yet the Senator says he would
vote for that, but would not vote for the other.
Mr. NYE. No: you have not understood
me. I would not vote for it unless it was made
a positive fact, without the consent, ot Congress,
that they should not sell out.
Mr. BROWN. You said that could not be
done.
Mr. NYE. No; I have not said that.
Mr. BROWN. That is in this bill.
Mr. NYE. No; it is not. This is "with-
out the consent of Congress.''
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Nevada if he has the least notion
that Congress can take away from a corpora-
tion organized by State law the power to dis-
pose of its franchise according to that State
law.
Mr. NYE. I was just coming to that point.
All that Congress would have the right to do
would be to'say that acioss these navigable
streams they should not sell their wire; but in
the State of Missouri, where my ardent friend
for this measure resides 
Mi. BROWN. The Senator misrepresents
me; 1 am not an ardent friend of this measure
at all.
Mr. NYE. Yrou were the friend of a better
measure.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. All right; 1 am glad of it. But
take the State of Missouri, across which this
new lino, if the National Company had not
been knocked out of the bill, would go ; and
do you suppose that Congress has any right to
say that across the State of Missouri this com-
pany shall not sell their line ot telegraph ? I
do not suppose that they have any such right.
But, Sir, my objection to this measure is,
that it is legislating for a phantom. As the
thing now stands, there is no corporation and
no company that proposes to build a line any-
where; and this legislation is in anticipation
of what may occur. " Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof.'' Wo have got pressing
business enough to engage our immediate at-
tention, and which should command it, with-
out legislating upon ideal cases that may heie-
after exist. . .
1 have said all I desire to say on this ques-
tion. It is legislating at a shadow and for a
shadow, and the result will be nothing. Its
inception was to bolster up the National Tele-
graph Company. That is dead already m the
progress of this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator reasons m a
circle. That is the objection.
Mr. NYE. It might or might not improve
the Senator to get within the circle. [Laugh-
ter.] I do not propose to discuss that. It is
spending day after day to legislate upon some-
thing that may come up hereafter. Now, sir, I
would sooner undertake to legislate and with
this remark I have done—to cut down the rates,
to so regulate the sul^idy to that overland tel-
egraph company as to cheapen the rates. My
friend from Ohio is quite a stick er for State
rights, occasionally, and for vested rights, and
I should like to inquire of him whether there
are any vested rights in this old line.
Mr. "SHERMAN. I think we can hardly
say that thev shall not charge more than so
many dollars or cents a message, i wish we
could.
Mr. NYE. Why not>
Mr SHERMAN. If we lmd the power to
say that this old monopoly should not charge
more than, say a dollar for every ten words, L
should think then there was no necessity for
this legislation; but I do not think we can do
^Mr. NYE. I do not see why not. If the
Government was a party to the contract m
building it  .
Mr. DOOUTTLE. In the law which was
passed in relation to the overland telegraph
line to California there was a provision limiting
