1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
they now possess and exercise in theirrespectivedis-
tricts.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted* That all actions,
suits, and proceedings, civil or criminal, which shall
have been commenced, uud at the time of' the pas-
sage of this act shall be pending in the southern dis-
trict of Cal ifornia or the western district of Louisian a,
and all process, orders, judgments, decrees, records,
or other papers or proceedings relating thereto or
filed therein, shall be transferred to the said district
eourtsofCaliforniaandLouisiana respectively, which
courts shall possess and exercise over such agtions,
suits, and proceedings, and the process orders, judg-
ments, decrees. records, and other papers and pro-
ceedings so transferred, the same authority and juris-
diction as they would haVS had if such actions, suits,
and proceedings had been commenced in said courts:
and no indictment, writ, process, recognizance, or
otherproceedingreturnable to ortobeheard, tried, or
considered in the said southern district of California
or said western district of Louisiana'shall be abated,
discontinued, orrendered void by the transfer thereof
as afoiesaid.
Sec. 3. And he itfiirthrr enacted, That theclerks of
the said southern district of California and the said
western district of Louisiana shall, ns soon as practi-
cable nfter the passage of this act, deliver to and de-
posit with the clerks of the said district courts of
California and Louisiana, respectively, all property,
books rccoids, documents and papeis remaining in
their respective offices, and the same shall horeceived
and kept by the said last mentioned clerks subject to
the order and direction of such courts respectively.
bec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That executions
may be issued out of the said district court of Cali-
fornia and the said district court of Louisiana, re-
spectively, to collect any judgment or decree rendered
in the said southern district of California, or said west-
ern district of Louisiana before the passage of this
act with the same effect as the same might now be
issued out of the court in which such judgment or
decree was rendered; and all process which shall have
been issued out of said district court for the southern
district of California or said western distiict of Loui-
siana, and shall not have been returned before the
passage of this act, shall be returned to and filed with
the clerks of the district courts of California and
Louisiana, lespectively.
Ms. HARRIS. In line nine of the first sec-
tion the word li western'' should be striken out
and eastern'' inserted ; it is a misprint.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, as it is a clcrical mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. HASRPJS. its title was
amended to read: k* A bill in relation to the dis-
trict courts oij^the United States in the States of
California and Louisiana."
liKIDGK AT ST. LOVItf.
Mr. BROWN. I call for tho regular order
of business, being Senate hill No. 08.
Mi*. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. BROWN. I do not think this bill will
take more than a few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire to call up this
morning the ca3§ of iho honorable Senator
from New Jersey [Mi. Stockton] whose right
to a seat is questioned, and which is a question
of privilege.
Mr. BROWN. I am not desirous of embar-
rassing that case or of iuteifering with its con-
sideration. but I think this bill can be disposed
of in a few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this bill is to occupy
but a few minutes, I shall not object, but it
may be of a character to lead to debate.
Mr, BROWN. I do not think it will lead tp
any question : at all events, if it produces a
protracted discussion. I shall give way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I shall call
up the New Jersey case as soon as this bill
is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. * The bill
'(S. No. 38) to authorize the construction of a
bridge across the Mississippi river, at the city
of St. Louis. State of Missouri, and at the city
of East St. Louis, State of Illinois, being the
unfinished business of yesterday, is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It
will be read.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads have reported an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute ; I suppose
it is onlv necessary to read the substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
stitute oijly will be read if no Senator calls for
the leading of the original bill.
The Secretary road the proposed substitute,
as follows :
That the " St. Louis and Illinois Bridge Company/'
a corporation organized under an act of the General
Assembly of the State of Missouri, approved- Feb-
ruary 5, 1864, and an act amendatory of'the same, ap-
proved February 20,186-5, and also confirmed in its
corporate powers under an act of the Legislature of
the State of Illinois, approved 1864, be, and the
same is hereby, empowered to creet^ maintain, and
'operate a bridge across the Mississippi river, between
the city of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, and
tho city of East St. Louis, in the State of Illinois,
subject to all the conditions contained in said act of
incorporation and amendments thereto, and not in-
consistent with the following terms and provisions
contained in this act. And in ca>c of any litigation
arising from any obstruction, or alleged obstruction,
to the free navigation of said waters, tho cause may
be tried before the district courtt>f the United States
of any State in which any portion of said obstruction
or bridge touches.
Sj:c. i And be U further enacted, That any bridge
built under the provisions of this act may, at the op-
tion of tiie company building the same, be built ns a
draw-bridge, with a pivot or other form of draw, or
with unbroken or continuous spans: Provided, That
if the said bridge shall be made with unbroken and
continuous spans it shall not be of less elevation in
any case than forty feet above extreme high-water
mark, as understood at the point of location, meas-
uring for such elevation from the level of the city
directrix of Si. Louis to the bottom chord of tho
bridge, nor shall the spans of said bridge beless than
two hundred and fifty'feet in length, and tho piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current of the
river: And provided also, Tha.t if any bridge built
under'this act shall be constructed, the same shall
be constructed as a draw-bridge with a span over
the main channel of the river, as understood at the
time of the erection of the bridge, of not less than
three hundred feet m length, and said span shall not
be in any case less than forty feet above high-water
mark, measuring for such elevation from the level
of the city directrix of St. Louis to the bottom chord
of the bridge, and one .of the next adjoining spans
shall not be less than two hundred aud twenty feet,
and also, that there shall be a pivot draw constructed
in every such bridge at an accessible and navi-
gable point, with spans of not less than one hundred
feet in length on each side of the central or pivot
pier of the draw: Andprovidcd«lso, That said draw
shall always be opened promptly, upon reasonable
signal, for the passage of boats whose construction
may not at the timepcrmit of their passing underthe
peimancnt spans of said bi idge, except that said draw
shall not he required to be opened when engines or
trains arc passing over said bridge, or when passen-
ger trains are duo, but in no case shall unnecessary
delay occur in tho opening of said draw after tho
passage of .such engines or trains.
t>EC. 3. And be it further cmctrd, That any bridge
erected under the provisions of this act shall be a
lawful structure, and ^hnil bo recognized and known
as a post route, upon which, al«o, no higher charge
shall bo made for the transmission over the same of
the mails, tho Iroops, tho munition^ of war of the
United States than the rate per mile which the rail-
road companies terminating at either end receive
for such M'ivicc% and the officers and crews of all
vessels, boats, or rafts navigating the Mississippi
river, are required to regulate the use of the said
vessels and of any pipes or chimneys belonging
thereto so as not to mtorforo with the elevation,
construction, or use of the bridge authorized to be
erected under tho provisions of this act.
Mr. BROWN. This is a bill to sanction and*
forward an enterprise of very groat moment,
not only to the State that I represent, but to
all tlie States in the central belt of territory
east and west of the State of Missouri, and has
for its object the effecting of a continuous line
of railway across the Mississippi river at St.
Louis, it is desirable, however, that in doing
so, care should be taken that no substantial
interference shall take place with the naviga-
tion of the river. Thatjnatterhas been one of
considerable discussion between the different
interests involved, the railroad interests as rep-
resenting the great continental lines centering
at that point, and the steamboating interests
representing a commerce on the Mississippi
that promises to be the most gigantic inland
commerce of the world, and has elicited a
great deal of feeling on the subject.
For my own part 1 desire to'say tliat I want
this structure, when built, to be one worthy of
the great States it is to connect, one that shall
be of such ample capacity as will permit the
transit of the freights of all the railway lines
that may hereafter center at this great distrib
uting point of tho continent. Let it be built,
too, for tho ages, of a material that shall defy
time, and in a style that will be equally a tri-
umph of art and a contribution to industrial
development. No narrow view of expense or
contracted idea, of tlfe power of engineering
skill should induce us to pei-mit any attempt
at bridging the Mississippi river—that great in-
land highway that must eveu be tlfe great de-
pendence of the valley of the Mississippi for
transferring its grain to tho sea-board and the
markets of the Atlantic and the Gulf, that will
seriously interfere with its navigation. But when
these are fully considered, then I believe that
the highest boon we can confer on the facilities
of transit and intercourse across the continent
will be found to lie in this authorization to erect
this bridge. The company to which the enter-
prise is committed is one that has the sanc-
tion, as I am advised, of both the States of Mis-
souri and Illinois, and provisions are ingrafted
on its charter that will insure the local muni-
cipalities interested a controlling right to sub-
scribe to the capital stock.
Mr. President,, the substitute which is re-
ported by tho committee has in it certain details
of height, measurement, and width of span
which it has been thought are not sufficiently
guarded to avoid interference with the naviga-
tion of the river. I have therefore submitted
an amendment in lieu of the second section,
which has been printed, and to which I ask
Senators to refer, which proposes to take the
extreme limits that have been asked by any
interest there, and make these the conditions
of the structure. In doing so I am satisfied
that those limitations and conditions will pre-
sent no obstacles that the engineering skill of
this age and country cannot overcome. They
are in the first place that this bridge shall be
fifty feet in height above high-water mark, or
rather what is substantially high-water mark,
the elevation line of the city directrix. Sec-
ond, it shall have at least one span of six hun-
dred feet in the clear, which would make it the
largest bridge in the world, or else two spans
of four hundred and fifty feet in the clear each,
and that if the two latter spans be used the
one over the main channel shall be at least
fifty feet above the city directrix. The third
is, that no span over the water way at low-
water mark shall be less than two hundred feet
in the clear of abutments. These conditions,
I assume, will satisfy all the requirements of
commerce. They will give ample space for
steamers to pass to and fro between the piers
without any interference, and will be of a
height sufficient, to permit them to pass under
the bridge without any trouble. It will be
necessary, of course, that steamers shall make
some little arrangement of their chimneys,
using the telescopic chimney, but the height
stipulated will give ample room to pass clear
of the pilot-houses and the fixed wooden struc-
ture of the boats.
it is only necessary to say in connection with
this amendment which I propose, in regard to the
use of the words "city directrix," that its level
is the point at the intersection of the levee and
Market street that marks the curbstone, and is
near enough to the extreme high-water mark
for all practical purposes. I hold in my hand
a liydrograph of the Mississippi river^ at St.-
Louis, which shows that for the preceding six
years, that is, from 1800 to the present time,
or 1865, the river did not come up to within
many feet of the level of the city directrix, and
that there have been in the last quarter of a
century only three occasions on which the
water has risen above that point—in 1851, in
1858, and in 1844; on one of those occasions,
only three feet, on the other four feet, and on
the other seven feet and some inches, alto-
gether for a space of three or four days at each
time, so that really these rises have nothing to
do with the substantial merits of the question,
or the great interests of navigation, only occu-
pying two or three days during the period of
over a quarter of a century. I1 or all practical
purposes, therefore, the city directrix_ may be
assumed, and is assumed, in St. Louis as the
fixed point from which th-ese measurements
and all other measurements of city levels and
water levels should be made. This liydrograph
is prepared under the direction of tlie city
