1866.] '
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Chanter.
Ho. of Repp.
1865, shall continue in forcc until otherwise pr<r, idcd
bylaw, and sha.ll extend to refugees and KTedmen in
all part«of th« United State?, and too Pu':-ul nit may
dividctheseeiion oi countrycontaining -itch roiu:>co>
and fivedoi'-ii into distrcK each < onta:;uu,t one or
mor^tate.s not to exf-eed tw, ivc injiu:uV:\ r>nd by
and with, tue advee ;.u.l oyn^i.t hl t'.i, S-->na'o. ap-
point an asquint eo.n.'ii •-tor.or i >r <Mvli or said dis-
tricts who s!iail uivc dke bond, 1 eceive tae compen-
sation, and perloiiJi the dunes pre'rfribed hv this act
and the act to which tin- is an amendment; or said bu-
reau limy, in the discretion of the Pi esldent, be placed
under ft Commis-ioner and assistant commissioners,
to be detailed from the Anuy. in which event each
officer so assigned to ihtfy^hal! ,-orvo without increase
,of pay or aUvft.un',-.
Section two \  ill establish military dominion
in place of State government'-.
Seq. 2. And h-: it further eaa^ed. f !>ai the Commis-
sioner, with tlie approval of the Pr^.-'ku r.fc, and when
the same shall be necessary for the operation- of the
bureau, may divide cadi district into a, number of
sub-districts, not to txeced the number of counties
or parishes in such district, and shall assign to each
sub-district at least one agent, either a citizen, officer
of the Army, or enlisted man, who, it an ofiicei. shall
serve without additional compcn.-auon or allowance,
and if a citizen or enlisted man. shall rccoh-e a salary
of not ie.ss tnau $300 nor more than $1,200 annually,
according to theseixioes rendeied. in full compensa-
tion for such .services: and such agent shall, before
entering on the duties of his oil! ^e, take the oath pre-
scribed in the first section ot the act to which this is
an amendment. And the Commissioner may. v. hen
the same snail be necessary, ;i.-?i:rn 'o each a>vUtant
commissioner not exceeding three clerks, andto each
of said agents one clerk, at an anmvl salary not ex-
ceeding £1.000 each, piovided suitable clerks cannot
be detailed from the Army. And the President of
the United States, through the Wnr Department and
the Commissioner, shall extend military jurisdiction
and protection over all employee. a^onx*. and offi-
cers of tliis bureau in the exercise of the duties im-
posed or authorized by this act or the act to which
this is additional.
Section three will keep up a vast and expen-
sive commissary department in time of peace,
laying useless burdens on our over-taxed peo-
ple, interfering with legitimate trade, and estab-
lishing a monopoly of the provision market of
all domestic staffs and of implements of agri-
culture,
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted. That the Secretary
of War may direct such issues of provisions, clothing,
fuel, and other supplies, including medical stores and
transportation, and afford such aid, medical or other-
wise, as he may deem needful for the immediate and
temporary snclter and supply of destitute and suffer-
ing refugees and freedmen, their wives and children,
uudersuch rules and regulations as he may direct.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That the President
is hereby authorized to reserve from sale or fromset-
tlement under the homestead or preemption laws, and
to set apart for the use of freedmen and loyal refugees,
male or female, unoccupied public lands in Florida,
Mississippi. Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas," not
exceeding in all three million acres of good land: and
the Commissioner, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, shall cause the same from time to time to be
allotted and assigned in parcels not exceeding forty
acres each, to the loyal refugees and freedmen, who
shall be protected in the use and enjoyment thereof, \
for such term of time and at such annual rent as may !
be agreed on between the Comrni&sioncrand said ref-
ugee and frecdman. The rental shall be based upon
a valuation oftholand, to be ascertained in such man-
ner as the Commissioner may, under the direction of
the President, by regulation prescribe. At the end of
such term or sooner, if tbe Commissioner shall assent
thereto, the occupant of any parcels so assigned, their
heirs and assigns, may purchase the land and receive
a title .thexeto from the United States in fee, upon
paying therefor the value of the land, ascertained as
aforesaid.
_ It proposes to found a negro State and organ-
ize a .war of races, in which the General Gov-
ernment is pledged to defend the black race at
the cost of the white man's blood and money.
While'the bill is too indefinite to protect or to
be just to the individual governed, it gives arbi-
trary power to the Commissioner greater and
more dangerous than that exercised by the
slaveholder or the overseer. It allows the Com-
ifiissioner to control the rate "of rents of land
throoghout-thc district and State, which is fatal
to-fair trade, and can easily be used to hinder
white immigration. Practically, the monopoly
of the land of the States where this bureau shall
o^rate^will be in the hands of the Commis-
sioner or-his friends, who professedly and by
the Very riaftire of this bureau, will give the
preference to black freedmen over loyal white
immigrants.. Now, who are loyal refugees al-
i-i? k® - How <Jt>es this bill extend
tl|i>^nefits of this bureau to them ? What rights
-to them by its provisions? Gen-
eral Howard's report clearly states the fact
that this bureau is for the black and nor for the
white man. it does not even provide for the
black man who was free before the Presidents
proclamation. }Jy the policy of this bill the
white citizen has been debarred of his preemp-
tive right to the Government lands, so clearly
fixed in the course pursued toward the Indian
tribes.
Skc. <3. A nd be it further enacted, That the occupants
of land under Majoi General Sherman'*- special field
oph'r,datedat Savan-iih. J-inuan lt>. .n o hereby
eontk raca in tho;r po^co-^i-'n 1->1 the t>et if.} of three
? oars from the d.i M id sa'd order, a nd no person snail
be disturbed in or o  -t- <ih*<nn said po.-^es.-iou during
said three year*, unless a sell 1 em catchall be made with
said occupant, b\ the owner, satisfactory (<> the Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau: Provided, That
whenever the owi.eis ot land* occupied under (Gen-
eral Sherman's laid order shall be entitled to resto-
ration of said lands the Commissioner is hereby au-
thorized, upon the a^ieement, and with the written
consent of said occupants—
said occupants tinder General Sherman's spe-
cial field order—
to procure other lands for them hy rent or purchase,
or to sot apart for them out ot the public lands as-
signed for that purpose in section four of this bill,
iorty acres each,upon the terms and conditions named
in said section.
General Sherman's field order No. 1 o com-
prehends those lands situate on the sea-coast
of South Carolina <outh of Charleston, and the
abandoned rice field,-, for thirty miles from the
sea. The rice fields have been restored under
circular No. 15 from the bureau, and a great
part of Edisto, James, Johns, and Wadmalaw
Islands have been restored under orders from
General Howard, that vacant plantations, and
those with only a few freedmen, should be re-
stored at once, the freedmen being provided
for elsewhere—say one half of the' above isl-
ands. Hilton Head, Port Royal, and St. He-
lena, are, according to the opinion of Attorney
General Speed, under the direct lax act, and
not within the purview of the order, and not
under the control of the bureau, and never were.
So then, so far as South Carolina is concerned—
and the territory is smaller in the other States—
the land in question is only a moiety of Edisto,
Wadmalaw, Johns, and James Islands:
Acref.
Edisto containing about  30.000
The others, say, Wadmalaw  30,000
Johns and James Islands 40,000
100.000
One half to be restored at once under existing
orders ,  50.000
Leaving as in question in the whole territory, 50.000
On Edisto at a very late investigation there
were not more than 2,000 freedmen on that isl-
and, of which sixty-seven had certificates, mak-
ing 2.680 acres. From the same on James,
Johns, and Wadmalaw, there were not more
than one hundred certificates, 4,000 acres, mak-
ing a total on all the islands of 6,080 acres.
The islands can more than absorb the labor on
it' in fact there is no danger, if the negroes
will contract, but what there will be plenty of
work for them. General Sherman intended Ms
order as a temporary resting-place for persons
who were following his camp, and not to make
grants of these lands. Under the confiscation
act of Congress the President was empowered
to pardon as well as under the Constitution.
Washington, February 2,1866.
Sir: i have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of February 1, and, in compliance with
your request. Unclose herewith a copy of field^rdcr
Ko.15, oflS85, vith this brief history of the origin and
reasons for niaking it:
Hon. K. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, came to
Savannah soon after its occupation by the forccs under
my command, and conferred freely with me as to the
best method to provide for the vast number of nesrroes
who had followed the army from the interior of Geor-
gia, as also of those who had already congregated on
the island near Hilton Head, and were still coming
into our lines. We agreed perfectly that the young
and able-bodied men should be enlisted as soldiers,
or employed by the quartermaster in the necessary
work of unloading ships andfor other army purposes;
but this left on our hands the did and feeble, the
women and-children, who had necessarily to be fed
by the United States.
Mr. Stanton summoned a large number of the old
negroes, mostly preachers, with whom he held a long
conference, of which he took down notes. After this
conference he was satisfied that the negroes could,
with some little aid from us, by means of the aban-
doned plantations on the sea islands and along the
navigable rivers, take care of themselves, lie re-
quested me to draw up a plan that would be uniform
and practicable. I made the louuh di.i't, and wo
went over it very carefully. Mr. Stanton making many
changes, and the present orders No. 15 resulted and
were made public.
I knew, of course, we could not convey the title, to
, land, and merely provided possessory titles to be good
j so long as war and our military power lasted. i merely
aimed to make provisions for the negroes who wero
absolutely dependent on n% leaving the value of tbeir
possession to be determined by after events or legis-
lation. At that time, January, 1865, it will be remem-
bered that the tone of the people of the South was
very deiiant, and no one could tell when the period
of war would cease; therefore i did not contemplate
that event as being so near at hand,
i am. with great respect, your obedient servant,
W. T. SHERMAN, Major General.
To Axorkw Johnson, President of the United States.
It is evident from the above that possession
in a legal sense never was given by General
Sherman's order. It was a temporary arrange-
ment, made in time of war, for the purpose of
disposing of the large mass of negro slaves who
were living on the army rations and obstruct-
ing military movements.
There i> no possession requiring any process
of law to oust except it bo as trespassers.
Sf.c. 0. And he it further f>aaetcd, That the Commis-
sion cx shall, under tredirection of _the President, yio-
euro in the name of the United State', by grant or
purchase, such lands within the districts aforesaid as
may be required for refugees and freedmen depend-
ent on tbe Govercinentfor support: and he shall pro-
vide or cause to be erected suitable buildings tor asy-
lums and schools. But no such purchase shall be made,
nor contract tor the same entered into, nor other ex-
pense incurred, until after appropriations f-hall have
been provided bv Congress for such purposes. And no
payments shall be made for lands purchased under
this section, except for asylums and schools, from any
moneys not specifically appropriated therefor. And
the Commissioner shall cause such lands, irom time
to time to be valued, allotted, assigned, and sold in
manner and form provided in the fourth section of
this act at a price not less than the cost thereof to tho
United States.
Another monopoly: the bill by this section
tends to control all sale of lands within those
districts, and practically prevents purchases by
any party not in the bureau or within the influ-
ence of its policy.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That whenever
in any State or district in which the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings has been interrupted by tho
rebellion, and wherein, inconsequencc of any State or
local law, ordinance, police or other regulations, cus-
tom or prejudice, any oi the civil rights or immunities
belocgingto white persons, including therigbtto make
and entorce contracts, to sue, be parties, and give ev-
idence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and con-
vey real and personal property, and to nave lull and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for the secu-
rity of person and estate, are refused or denied to
negroes, mulattoes, freedmen, refugees, or any other
persons, on account of race, col or, or any pievious con-
dition of slavery or involuntary servitude, except as
apunishment for crime whereof the party shall havo
been duly convicted, or wherein they or any of them
are subjected to any other or different punishment,
pains, or penalties for the commission of any act or
offense than are prescribed for white persons com-
mitting like acts or offenses, it shall be the duty of the
President of the United States, through the Commis-
sioner, to extend military protection and jurisdiction
over all cases affecting such persons so discriminated
against—
Overrides the State laws regulating property j
establishes an unconstitutional court of doubt-
ful jurisdiction and of dangerous powers? dis-
turbs the even course of justice by the strong
arm of executive interference and military
usurpation.
This gives the bureau the character of aa
inquisition to inspect, reform, amend, or abol-
ish the whole judicial codes of every State in
the Union.
Sec. 8. And Be it further enacted. That any person
who. under color of any State orlocal.iaw, ordinance,
police, or other regulation, or custom, shall in any
State or district in which theordrnarycoursoof judi-
cial proceedings has been interrupted by the rebel-
lion, subject, or cause to besubjeeted, any negro, mu-
latto, freedman, refugee, or other person on account
of race or color, or any previous condition of slavery
or in voluntary servitude, cxcept as a nuni-hment for
crime whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed, or for any other eau«e, to the deprivation
of any ciyil right seeured to white persons, or to any
other or different punishment than white persons
are subject to for the commission of like acts or
