1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
zens of the United States if they are separated
from their tribes and incorporated in your com-
munity. "
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But tliey aye not.
We do not intend to extend to them the right
of citizenship, but our supreme court have de-
cided that their lands are taxable and that they
are separated from their tribes.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator from Kansas if he did not state
within the last year or two on the floor of the
Senate, that the very best specimens of man-
. liood he had ever seen were a cross between
the negro and Indian of his State?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I said south of
Kansas, and I reiterate it now, and I hope
the Territorial Committee will introduce a bill
having for its object the protection of that
magnificent race.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I am asked,
with quite an air of certainty on the part of the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, whether
the children of persons of barbarian races, born
in this country. are not from that very fact citi-
zens of this country. I am not prepared upon
the moment to furnish authorities upon this
point; but I am certainly very clear that in
Pennsylvania that is not the law, and never lias
been the law; and to assert that it is the law, in
my judgment, is to betray an utter want of com-
prehension, an utter inappreciation of the fun-
damental principles winch underlie the whole
of our system. A\ ho was it that established this
Government? They were people who brought
here the charter of their liberties with them;
they were the freemen who emigrated to this
country and established these governments, and
they established them under charters legally
granted them by the Crown of Great Britain
originally. By the terms of the charters they
were the actual possessors ot the political power
of the colonies, and they alone had the right to
sav whom they would admit to a cocnjoymoiit
of that power with them. It is true that the
colonists of this country, when they came here
and established their governments, did open
the door of these privileges wide to men of their
own race from Europe. 1 hey opened it to the
Irishman, they opened it to the German, they
opened it to the Scandinavian races of the
North. But where did they open it to_the bar-
barian races of Asia or of Airiea - Nowhere.
There may be no positive prohibition; but the
courts always administered the law upon the
basis that it was only the freemen who estab-
lished this Government and those whom the
freemen admitted with them to_ an enjoyment
of political power that were entitled to it.
The identical question came up in my State
the question whether the negro was a citizen,
and whether he possessed political power in that
State—and it was there decided that he was not
one of the original corporators, that he was not
one of the freemen who originally possessed
political power, and that they had never, by any
enactment or by any act of theirs, admitted
him into a participation of that power, except
so far as to tax him for the support of govern-
ment. And, Mr. President^ I think it a most
important question, and particularly a most im-
portant question for the Pacific coast, and those
States which lie upon it, as to whether this door
shall now bo thrown open to the Asiatic popu-
lation. If it be, there is an end to republican
government there, because it is very well ascer-
tained that those people have no appreciation
of that form of government; it seems to be ob-
noxious to their very nature; they seem to be
incapable cither of underst andmg it or of carry-
in" it out; and 1 cannot consent to say that Cal-
ifornia, or Oregon, or Colorado, or Nevada, or
any of those States shall be given over to an
irruption of Chinese. I, for my part, protest
against it. . ,
I may say, while I urn. up. that I am entire!}
opposed to the whole of this first section ; and,
in niv judgment. it 1ms not a particle of consti-
tutional warrant. As I understand the chair-
man of the Committee on the J udiciary, he takes
his ground upon an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States recently passed.
The first section of that amendment is in these
words:
"Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall
havebeen duly convicted, shaUexi^t within thcUnitcd
States or any place subject to their jurisdiction."
Now, Mr. President and gentlemen of the
Senate, in all good faith, what was the mean-
ing of that? What was its intent? Can there
be any doubt of it? _ Is there a sane man within
the sound of my voice who does not know pre-
cisely what was intended by the American peo-
ple in adopting that amendment to the Consti-
tution? I may say there is no- shirking this
thing; there is no way of dodging it or avoid-
ing it. We must meet; it and if we are men v, e
will meet it, and we will meet it in the spiiit. in
which it was made. That amendment, every-
body knows and nobody dare deny, was simply
made to liberate the negro slave from his mas-
ter. That is all there is of it. Yi ill the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary or any-
body else undertake to say that that was to.
prevent the involuntary servitude ot my child
tome, of my apprentice to me, or ilse ser-
vitude which the wife to some^ extent owes to
her husband? Certainly not. Nobody pretends
that it was to be wider in its operation than to
cover the relation which existed between the
master and his negro African slave.
Now, mark it, that particular relation and
the breaking of it up, is the subject ot that first
clause of the amendment, and it does not ex-
tend any further, and cannot by_any possible
implication, contortion, or straining, be made
to go further among honest men. That was
followed by another clause, and a very proper
clause, which everybody at the time understood,
and which I have never known anybody to be
mistaken about until I came into the Senate
of the United States this session. That other
clause was this:
" Con^re«s shall have power to enforoc this article
by appropriate legislation."
Enforce what? The breaking of the bond by
which the negro slave was held to his master;
that is all. It was not intended to overturn this
Government and to revolutionize all the laws
of the various States everywhere. It was in-
tended, in other words, and a lawyer would
have so construed it, to give to the negro the
privilege of the habeas tnrpua; that is, if any-
body persisted in the face of the constitutional
amendment in holding him as a slave, that lie
should have an appropriate remedy to be de-
livered. That is atl.
Now, let us see what is made out of that sim-
ple provision. The bill provides in it^ first see- '
tion that ''there shall be no discrimination in
civil rights or immunities among the inhabitants j
of anv State or f'err'uon' of tne United states
on account of race, color, or previous^ condition
of slavery." '-Previous condition of slaveiy,"
I agree, is a certain enough phrase in the law;
but 1 should like the honorable Senator from
Illinois or any other Senator to tell me what is
meant by the word raeefc. and where it is set- j
tied that there are two races of men, and if it is
settled that there are two or moie, how many.
\\ here is the line to be drawn? Yt bat constitute
the distinctive characteristics and marks whien
limit and bound these xaces? If a State did not
desire to make a distinction on account of race.
1 suppose it might lawfully make a distinction
on account of hair. If it desired to single out
any class of its citizens and subject them to
special laws, it would be a good description.^
and would not be obnoxious to the terms ot
this bill, if it were to say that b, should apply to
all persons whose hair was ribbon-shaped ana
I curled naturally, and not to persons whose hair
was evliudriform.
Then " color '' is another word upon which
| nobody is very well advised just at present,
i Men are of all shades of color, and t\to races
I of men differ from the deepest jet up to the
i fairest of lily white all over the world. But 1
! am not disposed to quarrel v. ith that part ot tjie.
1 bin, and I only notice it as an indication of tljq
loose manner in which we legislate about tl ese.
subjects. I go on a little further:
But the inhabitants of every race and color, -with-
out regard to any previous condition of slavery or
involuntary servitude, exccpt as a punishment ior
crime whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed-, shall havotho same right to make and enloroe
contracts—
And I beg gentlemen who represent great
States here to listen—
the same risclit to make and enforce contracts, to sue,
be parties, and give evidence, to inherit, purchase,
lease, bell, held, and convey real and personal prop- -
erty.
Why, Mr. President, if under color of this
constitutional amendment we have a right to
pass such a law as this, we have a right to over-
turn the States themselves completely; and will'
you be surprised when I tell you that this re-
peals statutes of Pennsylvania, which I have
under my fingers; and not only repeals them,
but by the provisions of this bill the judges and
other oilicers of Pennsylvania who should un-
dertake to enforce her own laws would be sub-
ject. not to revision in a court of error, but
subject to a criminal prosecution in courts where
the jury are the judges not only of the fact, but
of the law as well, under our system?
1 suppose if there is any one thing more than
another which a State prizes it is that she has
the right to regulate the descent of estates.
There is not a State in the Union which lias
not statutes to regulate the descent and distri-
bution of estates, and I do not know whether
there are any States in the Union who have not
certain provisions on that subject with regard
to aliens. It is only by an especial statute ill
Pennsylvania that aliens can inherit the estates
of deceased ancestors, and that perhaps in com-^
! pliment to the fact that the great majority of
; our people were originally of foreign blood, and
if (here was not a reciprocity between Pcnnsyl-
[ vania and the foreign State we might Ire the
' sufferers by it. If we did not allow the foreign
heirs to inherit from the domiciled ancestor
■ here, they might not allow the emigrant here to
inherit from tiie ancestorwhoremained abroad.
But there is a provision in our statutes which
will be repealed by this bill it it becomes a law.
Let me read it:
" It shall and raav be lawful for any alien or aliens
actually rcsi lent Within this Commonwealth, and not
bi'ins the subject or subject of some sovereign Sfato
or Power, which is or Mi all be, at the time or liine^ot
such purchase or purchase?, at war with tne united
State* of America, to puich-u-e hinds, tenements and
hereditaments within thu Common wealth, audio nave
and to hold the sime in fee simpleorforanylesseres-
tate, as fully, to a 11 in cents and purposes.asftny natural-
born citizen or eiti /.ens may or can do: rrovutedalwaiis,
That such alien or aliens shall, previous' ytosucn pur-
chase or pnn* 11 a^cdee 1 a. 1 o 1 u-i ovtaoiriutontion iO be-
come a citi/.cn or citi/en^ ut the United States,agree-
ably to any la.w ot the United States at taat tune m
force upon that subject: And }>v<>vid<:d c/t-w, Unit no
sik-Ii alien or aliens shall be competent to purchase
and hold more than live hundred acres until he or tncy
shall have actually become a citizen or citizens ot the
United States."
Now, it will be observed that the provisions
of this bill override and contravene that law
of ours. What 1 mean to say is that nobody
can pretend, nobody can believe that it was in-
tended by this clause of the Constitution to con-
fer any such authority as that upon this Gov-
eminent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me a moment ?
Mr. "COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. TllH MBULL. Does he pretend to deny
that this Government had just that power before
this constitutional amendment was adopted. I
Mr. COWAN. I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like, then, to
I ask the Senator one or two other questions,
i Mr COWAN. Half a dozen if yon please.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator deny
' that the Federal Government has authority to
| naturalize any person ; that it may provide by
| uniform laws of naturalization to natuialize
! anv foreignev?
I Mr. COWAN. Must provide by uniform law.
! Mr. TRUMBULL. They can do that?
i Mr, COWAN. Yes.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it couid authot.ze
I any one of those persons to purchase just as
