2524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
for those, who but yesterday were trying to tear
down, its pillars.
Can an American Senate long discuss such
a question? Has it come to this, that mem-
bers sitting here with the high commission of
a loyal people are to be threatened, and upon
this floor, with an exercise of that power which
would have made Nero blush to utter its name ?
Let it never be uttered here again ; but I repeat,
if liberty and freedom demand that further
sacrifice, your victims are ready.
Sir, the sentences and utterances which I
have read were the expressions of the now
President of the United States just before the
election. These utterances, these expressions,
were like an electric touch to the wire ; they
electrified the whole community, and he was
borne upon the shoulders of as loyal a people
as ever breathed to the highest place of power
on earth, borne there by the exertions of many
of the members of this circle. But I am not
quite done with this speech :
"He who helped to make all these widows and or-
phans, who draped the streets of Nashville in mourn-
ing, shouldsuffer for his great crime. The work is in
our own hands."
What work? To make them suffer. The
work of making the rebels suffer, said the Presi-
dent, is in our hands. That portion of the
work, if done at all, has been done so as not
to excite the observation of the world. Who
suffers? I will tell you, Mr. President who
suffers ; it is those who are fleeing from the
presence of the unwashed rebels. This work
is in our hands, said the President; he falters
in it; Congress proposes to take up the work
and do it without him. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin whether any of the rebels have suf-
fered since the war.
VAhl these rehel leaders liavo a strong personal
reason for holding out."
What reason?
"To savo their necks from the halter."
Why, sir, the hemp is not grown yet, nor
sown, that will hang a rebel in this country.
They held out and they are not hung. They
held out longer than they ought to have done,
and they have gone longer without hanging
than (hey oyglil. So says an intelligent world,
and so said, above all, the President himself.
He said further—
"Treason must bo made odious, and traitors must
bo punished."
I have often heard that quoted; but he did
not stop there.
"Treason must bo made odious, and traitors must
bo punished and impoverished."
That is a thing that hurts the traitor worse
than anything else, to impoverish him. Where
is the traitor that lias been impoverished ? What
does impoverishing mean? It moans confisca-
tion. There has been none of that of any con-
sequence that there was not a respectful obei-
sance by the authorities of this country in re-
turning the property to its much abused rebel
owner! "What, sir, return their property to the
rebels when the grout high priest of this Union
party declared that they must not only be pun-
ished but impoverished! Why is not that
promise kept? Sir, I do not ask that question
alone ; it is the voice of millions ; why has not
that promise been kept? Let him who made
it answer, or his friends for him.
'*?Jbcir great plantations must be seized, and
divided into small farms, and sold to honest, indus-
trious tnen."
Where is the great plantation that has been
sold and divided among honest men as contra-
distinguished from its former owners? The
Senator from Wisconsin when he replies will
probably tell us where these confiscated estates
are, and where these honest men have found
homes on these cut up plantations.
" The day for protecting the lands and negroes of
these authors of rebellion is past."
So said President Johnson. If he spoke
prophetically, it has not turned out as he
prophesied." Then he is no prophet. If be
spoke by virtue of the power that was about
to be conferred upon him, I think he has not
exercised it.
Now, to every one of these living, breathing
announcements, Congress says, amen. Then
what'is the occasion of any difference between
the President and Congress? I venture to
assert that I have not read in this whole speech
a declaration that every member of this body
who pretends to be loyal will not respond to as
true. Remember, too, that all this was said
under and by virtue of the Baltimore platform ;
said by this intelligent, man when he accepted
the nomination under that platform.
" The day for protecting the lands and negroes of
these authors of the rebellion is past. It is high
time it was." #
I shall be pardoned for saying I think so
too. It was high time that protection to rebels
should cease. What have they done since to
entitle them to the confidence of an outraged
people ? Let the history of the times answer.
He next proceeded to give some Union officers
what I have no doubt was a truthful reprimand:
"I have hcen most deeply pained at some things
which have come under my observation. We get
men in command who, under the influence of flat-
tery, fawning, and caressing, grant protection to the
rich traitor, while the poor Union man stands out in
the cold, often unable to get a receipt or a voucher
for his losses. The traitor can get lucrative con-
tracts, while the loyal man is pushed aside, unable
to obtain a recognition."
Then the President had on a holy glow of
indignation at such outrages as these, and most
properly ; ho spoke as became a man of feel-
ing. It was an outrage ; it is air outrage. Has
it b'een changed ? Go to the mountain gorges
of Tennessee, and see the fresh-made tracks
of the fleeing fugitives, the Union men,
from the fury of their pursuers, the traitors.
Who hunts the pursuers? No one. I there-
fore reiterate this same complaint on behalf
of the fleeing fugitives who loved their flag
better than their State, who are now finding
homes at the sources of the rivers and in the
gorges of the mountains. Far distant are they ;
but I stand here on their behalf to maintain
the fulfillment of this promise. It is due to the
digiiity of this nation; our dignity demands it,
and the people will have it.
I am now through with the particular speech
from which I have been reading, but a little
later, on the 2tth of October, 1804, the present
President's gushing heart gave forth other ut-
terances. He was called upon by a few return-
ing braves who represented a regiment which
had been thrice recruited, because it had been
thrice decimated in battle, a regiment of col-
ored soldiers, and he addressed them thus:
'"Negro equality,indeed,'crieclhe; 'why,pass any
day along the sidewalk of High street, where these
aristocrats more particularly dwell—these aristocrats
whose sons aic now in the bands of guerrillas and cut-
throats who prowl and rob and murder around our
city—pass by these dwellings, 1 say, and you will see
as many mulatto as negro children, the former bear-
ins? an unmistakable resemblance to their aristocratic
owners. Colored men of Tennessee, this, too, shall
cease.'"
He changed the entire color of the African
race in Tennessee from that day, by order.
[Laughter.]
"Your wives and daughters shall no longer bo
dragged into a concubinage, compared to which
polygamy is a virtue, to sa.tisfy the brutal lust of
slaveholders and overseers. Thenceforth the sanctity
of God's holy law of marriaee shall be respected in
your persons, and the great State of Tennessee shall
no more give her sanction to your degradation and
your shame."
And having, in language which you all rc-„
member, promised to be their Moses, he added:
" I speak now as one who feels the world his coun-
try and all who love equal rights his friends."
What a pinnacle of exaltation that must be!
I almost envy him who stands on it. Standing
on it he would be expected to speak words of
encouragement to these men:
" I speak, too, as a citizcn of Tennessee. I am here
on my own soil: and here I mean to stay and fight
this battle of truth and justice to a triumphant end.
'Rebellion and slavery shall, by God's good help, no
longer pollute our State. Loyal men, whether white
or black, shall alone control her destinies; and when
this strife in which we are all engaged is past, I trust,
I know, wo shall have a better state of things, and
shall all rejoice that honest labor reaps tho irvut of
its own industry, and that every man has a fair
I chance in the race of life."
Sir, I often envy men when they seem to
1 speak from thishighexaltation. I have some-
times tried to reach it; but my wings are too
feeble. The sentiments, however, that drop
from such an exalted position make a deep
lodgment in my heart. These utterances gave
to a nation, white and black, needed words of
encouragement; and the downtrodden slave
breathed freer and deeper as these utterances
were echoed to him. Congress, full of this
inspiration—my distinguished friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] first catching it—passed
a bill to establish a Freedmen's Bureau to give
power to carry out and perfect the essence of
this exalted sentiment. The President, I need
not say, refused to sign it.' My distinguished
friend from Wisconsin came panting in here
one day in a hurry to say that if he had been
present on the question of the passage of that
bill he would have voted for it. I mourned
over his disappointment that he could not have
recorded his vote for so holy and righteous a
measure. The distinguished Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Dixon] shared in the early glory
of having voted for it. That little parchment
came back; and where then were the regrets of
my distinguished friend from Wisconsin V His
disappointment had fled. Where then was the
gushing sympathy with this immortal senti-
ment uttered by the distinguished Senator from
Connecticut ? When that dread question came,
Shall this bill become a law notwithstanding
the objection of the President ? up went Wis-
consin, or half of it, half of Connecticut, half
of Pennsylvania 
Several Senators. The whole of it.
Mr. NYE. Well, one is always one way any-
how. My friend Bcckalew is always wrong,
or right, as may be the case. Prom that fear-
ful flight, I am sorry to say, these gentlemen
have never returned as they appeared when
they left; they are changed men ; they do not
fraternize with those whom they used to frater-
nize with, but have made their beds constantly
with new companions. How dare the Senator
from Wisconsin and the conscientious Senator
from Connecticut go back to these holy sayings
of their President ? What excuse can they give ?
The principal excuserwas, I believe, the cost of
the measure. Who ever expected that four
million people who for centuries bad bowed
their necks to degradation could be lifted up
to the platform of human equality and not
have it cost something? Sir, whenever the
time comes when I weigh a benefit to my fel-
low-man against dollars and cents I shall prob-
ably vote as they did. It will not do. The
Freedmen's Bureau bill was killed, and it was
killed in the house of its friends. I shall have
no ghosts haunting me; I voted for it first and
last, and my vote was prompted by the best
feelings of my heart. Cost something! Sir,
the unrequited toil of the slaves, the sweat from
fheir brows had made rich the men that now
bear their pardons in their pockets for their
infamy, and rejoice that the Freedmen's Bureau
bill was killed.
That awoke the first shouts of the dormant
Democracy. '' Hurrah for Johnson!'' said the
Democrats. It even evoked a gushing speech
from my friend from Delaware, who had lived
through Buchanan's administration. Both the
Senators from Kentucky, the Senator from
Delaware, the Senator from Connecticut, and
the Senator from Wisconsin were holding sweet
communion over the defeat of this bill, which
was founded, I repeat, on the best impulses of
the human heart.
But, sir, that is not all. This bill originated
upon the hypothesis that the old law of last year
establishing the bureau originally was dead.
Here, however, the President exhibited a very
unusual power. I am glad to see that he pos-
sesses it. He convinced the world that if he
could destroy, he could create. While one bill
was crucified and killed, he resurrected an-
other; so that the opinion and judgment of
Congress was indorsed, that measure having
originated here. If it had been my case, I
should have said to Congress, as the old bill
is in operation I return this to you as not
being necessary.
There came the first line of marked devia-
