god
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
much land in Pennsylvania as he ple&sed, by
declaring them all citizens—could it not?
Mr. COWAN. Yes.
Mr. TBUMBULL. Then the power existed
before the passage of the constitutional amend-
ment to authorize any persons, aliens" from
abroad, who came into Pennsylvania, the mo-
ment they put foot in Pennsylvania (by making
them citizens) to hold as much land as they
please. What becomes of your argument that
there was no power in Congress to do it?
Mr. COWAN. The argument stands; but
what becomes of- the position in which the hon-
orable" Senator places himself? He has utterly
mistaken the point, in question. Nobody de-
nied that after fdt-eigners were naturalized they
could purchase land. That is not the question.
The question is whether the General Govern-
ment before naturalization can confer upon
aliens this privilege. I do not desire to ask
questions triumphantly, as though I was cer-
tainly right, because I am in this debate upon
the spar of the moment; but I would ask the
honorable Senator whether there is not every
distinction in the world between the right of a
man after naturalization and before, as viewed
by these statutes. These statutes do not pro-
vide that a naturalized citizen shall not have
all the rights of every other citizen, butprovide
what his rights shall be before naturalization,
so that the power which the United States
originally had has nothing to do with the ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was looking at it as a
question of power. That is the only light in
which I was trying to answer the Senator from
Pennsylvania. Now, this bill provides that all
the inhabitants of the States shall have the same
rights. The Senator from Pennsylvania says
that that must be unconstitutional because the
Federal Government lias no right to declare
that the inhabitant of Pennsylvania who came
"from abroad may purchase real estate in that
State. As a question of power, he says that.
Now, I reply to that, and lie admits it, that as a
question of power the Federal Government has
the power to make pvery inhabitant of Penn-
sylvania a citizen. Then could not every in-
habitant of Pennsylvania own real estate, and
could Pennsylvania deny the right? The Sen-
ator is arguing against this as unconstitutional;
ho says we have 110 power to do it. Whether
it would be politic to do it is another question.
The argument of the gentleman on that point I
shall not now undertake to answer, but 1 say it
is a demonstrable fact, as much so as a mathe-
matical proposition, that the Federal Govern-
ment has authority to make every inhabitant of
Pennsylvania a citizen, and clothe him with the
authority to inherit and buy real estate, and the
State of Pennsylvania cannot help it.
Mr. COWAN. Every alien-born citizen?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Every inhabitant of the
State, no matter where born.
Mr. COWAN. [ think 1 comprehend now
the^ drift of the argument. It is because the
United States has a right to naturalize aliens,
therefore-the United States has a right to
authorize people who are not aliens to do what
is forbidden by the several States! Is not that
a fair statement of the Senator's argument?
It is, that because the United States has a
right to naturalize persons born abroad, and
to confer upon them, if you please, all those
rights, therefore it may do it without naturali-
zation under the provisions of this bill! If I
do not state his proposition fairly, I trust that
I shall be corrected. Then, I say again, that
by the provisions of this bill, without "natural-
izing the alien, without bringing him within
that uniform rule which must be adopted be-
fore any alien can be naturalized, he is made
here able to hold lands and do just as every-
body else in Pennsylvania.
Mr. iTWMBULL. I do not wish to pursue
this controversy, but 
Mr. COWAN. I would prefer to have the
honorable Senator reserve what he has to say
until after I have concluded.
Mr. '1R L1 MB lj LL, I will not interrupt the
Senator again, and shall not do so now if the
Senator desires me not to do it. I was going
merely to set that one thing right.
Mr. COWAN. Now, as I understand the
meaning and intent of this bill, it is that there
shall be no discrimination made between the
inhabitants of the several States of this Union,
none in any way. In Pennsylvania, for the
greater convenience of the people, and for the
greater convenience, I may say, of both classes
of the people, in certain districts the Legisla-
ture has provided schools for colored children,
has discriminated as between the two classes
of children. We put the African children in
this school-house and the white children over
in that school-house, and educate them there
as we best can. Is this amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States abolishing slavery
to break up that system which Pennsylvania
has adopted for the education of her white and
colored children? Are the school directors
who carry out that law and who make this dis-
tinction between these classes of children to
bo punished for a violation of this statute of the
United States? To me it is monstrous. How
anybody desiring to be fair, desiring to construe
the Constitution according to its fair intent and
meaning, can drag out of it such a conclusion,
such a monstrous conclusion as this, I cannot
see.
I am very free to say, as I have said here be-
fore over and over, that I am perfectly willing,
so far as my State is concerned, to vote for an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
Stales v. hich will secure to all men of every
color and of every race and of every condition
their natural rights, the rights which God lias
given them, (ho right to life, the right (o lib-
erty, the right to property. 1 am v.-ii!ing<o do
-that because that was the great inheritance
which our ancestors won for us, and now in this
country I am willing for my part to extend it
to all others, even the descendants of barbarian
races, even to those who were brought up and
reared in Asiatic civilization. But I am not
prepared exactly to say that [ would vote for
that amendment to the Constitution if I repre-
sented the State of California now, because I
am not prepared (o say whether or not the con-
tingency may come upon that coast v/hen our
people will have to assert their dominion by
depriving that race which is now making in-
roads upon them of even the natural rights
which usually belong to men in society.
But, Mr. President, that is neither here nor
there; (his is not an amendment, to the Consti-
tution of the United Slates; this is an attempt
to do without any power that which it might
be very questionable whether we ought to do
even if we had the power. At the same (ime,
I say that, so far as I am concerned, 1 am will-
ing to vote for such an amendment to the Con-
stitution ; and it is only by means of a consti-
tutional amendment that such a result can be
worked. I agree entirely with everything said
by my honorable friend from West Virginia
on that point, and I consider his reasoning as
conclusive upon it. *
There is a great deal more in this bill that is
exceedingly objectionable. It is the first time
I think in the history of civilized legislation
that a judicial officer has been held up and sub-
jected to a criminal punishment for that which
may have been a conscientious discharge of his
duty. It is, I say, the first case that 1 know of in
the legislation of modern and civilized nations
where a bill of indictment is to take the place of
a writ of error, and where a mistake is to be
tortured into a crime. This bill would bo much
less objectionable if it provided for securing the
rights I have enumerated, and then provided
that if this bill was declared unconstitutional
in the courts below a writ of error should lie to
the Supreme Court. Indeed, I believe that is
the law at present, although I am not exactly
certain about it. If a cruel or unusual punish-
ment were to be inflicted upon a negro, an ex-
ceptional punishment, one which discriminated
against him, in a State court, of course either
he or his counsel would set up this law as a
defense against it, and they would protest that
such punishment could not be inflicted. Then
it would be for that judge to decide whether
this was constitutional or not. If he decided
that it was constitutional, of course it would
be binding and obligatory on him. If lie de-
cided that it was not constitutional, the defend-
ant would have an ample remedy if he was al-
lowed his writ of error.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where is the particular
provision of the bill to which the Senator now
alludes?
Mr. COWAN. All the way through.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That particular provis-
ion is in the imagination of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. COWAN. Is there not a provision by
which State officers are to be punished ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not State officers es-
pecially, but everybody who violates the law.
It is the intention to punish everybody who
violates the law.
Mr. COWAN. In the first place, all State
laws making discriminations are swept away,
and in the next place all persons who under-
take to execute those laws are made criminals,
and (hat includes the judge, (he constable, the
sheriff, the marshal, and everybody. That is
my reading of it; I may be wrong ; i have not
had an opportunity of examining the bill thor-
oughly in all its details.
Mr. STEWART. I will ask the Senator
whether the fugitive slave law did not contain
a precisely similar provision, and if it was not
held good by the Supreme Court of the United
States?
Mr. COWAN. The fugitive slave law of 1850
(he Senator means. I was always opposed to
it, Air. President.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Supreme Court held
it to be constitutional.
Mr. COWAN". That may be; but I say I
was always opposed to it; and I had always very
grave doubts whether it was good law. Cer-
tainly, I never volunteered to execute it. and
never made one of a posse comitates to carry
it out, so tliat I am not much to be put off the
track by a reference to the fugitive slave law.
If that wa's a bad law, it is now our province, as
it is our high privilege, freed from that incubus
which brooded upon the nation so long, to make
good laws instead of doubtful measures, such
as the fugitive slave law was ; and it was doubt-
ful, and it excited more angry animosity among
our peo'ple, and was perhaps more the cause of
the present rebellion, and the excitement which
gave rise to It, than any one thing besides. I
am opposed to having any more such doubt-
ful legislation, or such legislation as will not
be acceptable to the people where the law is to
operate.
■" I may state that I have another objection to
'this bill at the present lime; and that is, that
the people of several States in the Union are
not represented here, and jet this law is mainly
to operate upon (lio^c people. 1 think it would
"be at least decent, respectful, if we desire to
maintain and support this Government on the
broad foundation upon which it was laid, name-
ly, the consent of the governed, that we should
wait, at any rate, until the people upon whom
it is to operate have a voice in these Halls.
I know it is said that (hose people are not in
condition to be allowed representation here.
Mr. President, he who says the people are. not
in condition asserts that this Government is a
failure. It rests entirely upon the people, and
if the people cannot be intrusted anywhere and
everywhere throughout it, then it is not the Gov-
ernment we supposed it was, and not the Gov-
ernment it was intended to be. I admit that
the American people, like other peoples, are
subject to periodical disturbances. They may
be led away by the arts of the demagogue, tlicy
may be forced away by the powei of de facto
governments asserted over them ; but if they
are, the punishment they receive is war. When
the question is put, it is put to the arbitrament
of the sword. That enters judgment and issues
execution at tie samestroke ; and when the war
