1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
engineer of St. Louis, Mr. Truman J. Ho'taer,
an engineer of the very highest promise in his
profession, who has given great attention to
this whole subject; who is fully equal, as I
believe, to carry out into construction this great"
enterprise, as projected by him in the printed
pamphlet I hold in my hand. I assume, there-
fore, that the data on which this bill is based,
and the practicability of the undertaking, giant-
like as it is in character, are entirely reliable.
I also have before me the measurement of
several of the steamers plying on cliffereni parts
of the river, the louver waters, the upper waters,
the Illinois river, and the Missouri river', show-
ing that a space of fifty feet will clear the struc-
tures of almost all of these boats as at present
constructed, even if the river were at the high
point of the city directrix. Tn ordinary cases,
at least three hundred and sixty days out of
the year, all the time in fact with the excep-
tion of ten or fifteen days in a quarter of a cen-
tury, there will be a good deal more space than
that, so that on the point of .interference the
amendment covers all that can be asked with
any reason in the premises. I now offer the
amendment, and ask that it be read.-
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out section two of the substitute,
and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
Sec. 2. Andbr it further criact'd, T*hat the bridge
built under authority of this act shall not. be a suw-
peiibion bridge or draw bridge, with pivot or other
form of draw, but shall be constructed with continu-
ous or unbroken slums and subject to these condi-
tions: Fu'.st. that tho lowest part of tho bridge or
bottom chord shall not be less than fifty feet above the
city dirccirix at its greatest span. Second, that it
shall have at least one span six hundred loot in the
clear, or two spans of four hundred and fifty feet in
the clear of abutments. If the two latter spans ho
used, the one over themain-stoamboat channel shall
be fifty feet above the city directrix, measured to tho
lowest part of tho bridge at the ccnter of tho span.
Third, no span over tho water at, low-water mark shall
be loss than two hundred foot in tho cloar of abut-
laonts.
Tho amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. IUiNDKiiSON. I will ask my col-
league if this a'mondment is substantially in
accordance with the recommendations of the
Chamber of Commerce ofSi. Louis? f received
a paper some time since from the Chamber ot
Commerce in reference to the height of the
bridge and the spans.
Mr. BROWN. It is cxaetly in accordance
with that, with this simple provision, that it
substitutes the fixed point of the city direeliix
for t he questionable one of extreme high-water
mark.
Mr. JOHN'SON". What is tin; elevation?
Mr. mU)\\'\r. Iui'fy*W
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 was of tins impres-
sion thai the water more generally rose above
the city directrix, but of course my colleague
knows.
Mr. BROWN. No; I have here the water
lines for the last twenty-(ive years.
Mr. IJENDERKOX. I have examined that
draught.
Mr. BROWN". I think this amendment will
"cover all the objections.
The amendment lo tho amendment was agreed
to. °
Mr. BROWN. -I will move to amend the
amendment of the committee in section one.
line fourteen, by inserting after the word <l Illi-
nois*' the words "aiul across any channel,
slough, or h;tyou of the Mi.^isbippi* river that
may separate the islands opposite St. Louis
from the main Illinois shore so that it will
read:
,A bridge ncro-a the MKsir.nppi liver, between the
city of St. Louis in tho State of Missouri, and the
city of Ea«t St. Louis, in tho Slate of Illinois, and
&cio?s any channel, slough, or bayou of the Missis-
sippi river that may separate the inlands opposite St.
Loin# from the main Illinois shore, subject to all the
conditions contained in said act. &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a little doubt
about the propriety of that amendment. The
main channel of the river opposite St. Louis is
separted from-the Illinois shore by an island,
and there are various sloughs there. A creek
comes down there. I do not suppose tbg Con-
gress of the United States can authorize the
construction of a "bridge across private prop-
erty.
, Mr. BROWN. The navigable channel is not
private property.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The slough on the east
side of the channel is not a navigable channel
■at all. It is a turnpike now/ Wo have a trav-
eled road from the main Illinois sir re on .to the
island, and Bloody Island is a tract of land em-
bracing several thousand acres at the present
time, and owned by private.individuals. I am
not prepared to say at this moment what the
effect of authorizing a bridge over private prop-
erty might be. I see by the provisions of this
bill that the State of Illinois has passed an act
which in conjunction with an act passed by the
State of Missouri authorizes the construction
of this bridge. I have not seen the Illinois act;
I do not know what its provisions are^ but I
presume that act will make the necessary pro-
vision for the construction of any part of the
bridge that is not over the waters of the Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. BBOWN. It is not important, and if
the Senator objects to it, I will withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment to the amendment is with-
drawn, and the question is on the amendment
of the committee as amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to ask the
Senator from Missouri whether the height, of
this bridge is sufficient so as not in any respect
to interrupt navigation.
Mr.BROWN. Yes, sir; there is now no
objection to it on that score.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. llow high is it to be
above high-water mark?
Mr. BROWN. Fifty feet above tho directrix.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is that sufficiently high
for steamboats?
Mr. BROWN. It is ample for all purposes.
Mr. CHIMES. Provided they lower their
chimneys.
Mr. BKOWN. TJliey will have telescopic
chimneys. It does not interfere with the pilot-
houses or anything of that sort.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SKNATOll FROM NKW J^UBEY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now ask the Senate to
proceed with the consideration of the case of
lion. Mr. Stockton".
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the Clerk to
read the report of the committee.
ThePRESl DENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the following report
submitted by Mr. Tnoniuix on the OOfch of
.lanuary:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were re-
tevrcd tho credential of John P. Stockton, claiming
to have been elected a Senator from theStatuof New
Jersey for six years from the 4th day ot M.irc'h, 18(35,
together with the protest ot certain members of the
Legi<lature of said State#a<?nin*t the validity of his
election,submit the tollowingieport;
The only question involved m the decision of Mr.
Stockton's right to a scat is whether an election, by a
plurality of votes of the members of the Legislature
ot JSew Jersey,in joint meeting assembled, in pur-
suance of a rule adopted by the joint meeting itself,
is valid. The protestants insist that it isnot, and they
deny Mr. Stockton's right to a seat, because, as they
say, ho was not appointed by a majority of the votes
of the joint meeting ot the Legislature.
t The legislative power of the State of New Jersey
is vested by the State constitution in a Senate and
General Assembly, which are required, tor legislative
purposes, to meet separately; but which.for the ap-
pointment of various officers, are required to assem-
ble m joint meeting, and when so assembled arc, by
the constitution itself, styled the "Legislature iu
joint meeting."
The constitution of New Jersey doe* not prescribe
the manner of choosing United States Senators, as
indeed, it could not, the Constitution of the United
States having vested that power, in the absence of
any law of Congress, exclusively in the Legislature •
but it does constitute the two Houses one body lor the
purpose of ^appointing certain State officers. The
statute of iNew Jersey declares that "United States
Senators on the part of that State shall be appointed
by the Senate and General Assembly in jointmeeting
assembled;" but it does not prescribe any rules for
the government ot the joint meeting, nor declare tho
manner of election.
The practice m New Jersey has been for the joint
meeting to prescribe the rules tor its own govern-
ment.
In 179-4 fifteen rules were adoptod, the first two of ■
which are as follows:
"1. That the election of State officers during the
present session be viva voce, unless when otherwise
ordered; and that all officers be put in nomination
at least one day before their election.
" 2: That the chairman shall not be entitled to vote
except in ease of a tic, anu then to have a casting
vote."
The other thirteen rules related chiefly to the
method of conducting the proceedings. Each joint
meeting which has since assembled has adopted its
own rules, usually those of the preceding joint meet-
ing, sometimes, however, with additions or exceptions.
In lbol the following additional rale was adopted;
" liesolvcd, That no person shall be elected to any
office, at any joint meetingduring the presentsession,
unless there be a majority of all the members elected
personally present, and agreeing thereto."
In 1855 the joint meeting, after adopting the fifteen
rules of the preceding joint meeting, added* the fol-
lowing:
"That all candidates for office, upon receiving a
majority of the votes cast by this joint meeting, shall
be declared duly elected."
The joint meeting of 1861 adopted the rules of the
preceding joint meeting for its own government,
among which were the following:
"1. That the election of State officers during the
present, session be viva voce, unless when otherwise
ordered."
" 15. That in all questions the chairman of the joint
meeting bo callcd upon to vote in his turn, as one of
the representatives in the Senate or Assembly, but
that he have no casting vote as chairman.
"10. That all candidates for office, upon reccivinga
majority of the votes cast by this jointmeeting, shall
be declared to be duly elected."
The same rules were adopted by eachjointmeeting
from 1S61 to 18(35.
The joint meeting which assembled February 15,
18G3, and at an adjourned session of which Mr. Stock-
ton was appointed Senator, adopted, at its first meet-
in?. the rules of the preceding joint meeting, except
the sixteenth rule, in lieu of which the following was
adopted:
' liaofvrd, That no candidate shall be declared
elected unless upon receiving a majority of the votes
oi all the members elected to both Houses of the Lcgis-
latuie."
Alter having appointed various officers under tho
rules which had been adopted at the assembling of
the joint meeting, the following rule was adopted:
' Jieiolved, That the vote lor county judges and
commissioners ef deeds be taken by acclamation, and
that the counties in which vacancies exist be called
in alphabetical order."
Acting under this rule, quite a number of officers
were appointed by acclamation. #0t. completing
its business, tho joint meeting adjourned from time
to time till Maich 15, when the following lule was
adopted:
" Reftolved, That tho resolution that no candidate
shall be declared elected unless upon receiving a
majority of the votes of all the members elected to
both Houses of tho Legislature be rescinded, and
that any candidate receiving a plurality of votes of
the members present shall bedeclaied duly elected."
Every moinbor of both Houses, eighty-one in all,
waspiesent and voting when the above resolution
was passed, and it was carried b£ a vote of 41 in the
affirmative, of whom eleven wci^ senators and thirty
representatives, to 40 in the negative, of whom ten
were senators and thirty representatives. The joint
meeting then proceeded to the election of a United
States Senator, with the following result:
lion. John P. Stockton 40 votes: Hon. J. 0. Ten
Eyck 37 votes: J. W. Wall 1 vote; P. 1). Vroom 1
vote; F. T. Frelinghuyscn 1 vote: II.S.Little 1 vote.
Whereupon John P. Stockton, having received a
plurality of all tho votes cast, was declared duly elect-
ed. Tire joint meeting then proceeded to the elec-
tion of various other officers, having completed which
it rose.
The credentials of Mr. Stockton arc umW the great
seal of Slate, signed by the Governor and in due form.
No objection appears to "have been made at the time
to the election. Its validity is now callcd in question
by a protest, dated March 20,18G5, and signed by eight
senators and thirty members of the General Assem-
bly. lhe Constitution of the United States declares
that the Senate of the United States "shall be com-
posed of t\v o Senators from each State, chosen by the
Legislature thereof," and that" the times, places, and
manner of holding election for Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature thereof," but Congie&s may at any time
by law make or alter such regulations* except as to
the places of choosing Senators.
_ The right to choose United States Senators in a
joint meeting of the two Houses which compose tho
Legislature of a State has been too long and too £re-
quently exercised to be now brought in question,
lhis has been the manner of election in some States
from the beginning, and is now the manner in most
of them.
For the purpose of choosing United States Senators
the joint meeting of tho two Houses is regarded as
the Legislature, and especially would this bo so in
New Jersey, where the joint meeting is by tho con-
stitution of,the State denominated a Legislature. It
has uniformly been held that when the two branches
