1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2525
tion. Then came the civil rights bill, crowding
upon thg heels of the other. Indeed they were
born together, twins in birth, mutual in opera-
tion, one being the aid and helper of the other.
The civil rights bill did what the distinguished
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] declared
it was almost unnecessary to do, because it fol-
lowed as a sequence when slavery was abol-
ished; but that bill clothed this downtrodden
people .with the superb and indescribable gar-
ment of American citizen. Sir, who has not
felt proud that his vesture was the citizenship
of the United States of America? To us who
inherit it how rich and how precious! To those
who have it by the power and force of our
arms how inestimable! If I had an angel's
tongue I could not describe the ecstacy with
which they receive it. If I had the wisdom of
my friend on my left [Mr. Sumner] and the
tongue of Cicero I should be unable to de-
scribe the indescribable emotions of the tran-
sition from slavery to citizenship.
That bill, too, did not find Iavor at the other
end of the avenue. That was misfortune num-
ber two. If it were proper for mo, I would
stop right here and do what would be irregu-
lar, pay a passing compliment to the firmness
with which that occasion wa§ met. Were I
not a member of this body I should do so. As
it is, I will simply say that over and above the
President's objection the civil rights bill was
carried, and there never had been sucli rejoi-
cings in this nation since the morning stars
shouted for joy. It was the resurrection and
the life to four million people. It was a noble,
manly vindication of the integrity and fixed
purpose of this nation. It spoke freedom, not
only to the millions here, bat to the down-
trodden and oppressed abroad. That bill is a
law, and, thanks to Almighty God, there is 110
power now to recall it. It will stand an ever-
lasting monument to the integrity of Congress.
When the historian shall write the proudest
victory of this war, the^ manly bearing and
perseverance and determination of Congress
in passing the ci-vil rights bill will share the
most prominent page. I hailed it then as an
announcement to the world of the fixed pur-
pose of the American Congress.
For that act the djgtinguished Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] made those utterances
which were suppressed in the Globe, in which
he said that if he were President lie would have
this Congress out and another in. Sir, this
Congress will not go out until it goes out by
the limitation of the term of its existence, and
then in every case probably, s*avo_ my own,
those who have been true and faithful will
receive from a grateful constituency the in-
dorsement, "Well done, good and faithful
servant."
Now, sir, I have examined, the Baltimore
platform in view of the exposition made of it
by the President himself; I have examined
the passage of these two bills to see whether
he was keeping on that track. I remarked
yesterday, and I repeat, that I have said noth-
ing harsh of the President of the United States,
but there is something wrong, and I am look-
ing for it. I think I find it in his Washing-
ton's birthday speech. It is proper for me
to say that during these struggles, when the
earth was heaving under our feet, and when
nothing but the roar of cannon, the rattle of
the drum, and the flash of steel was seen and
heard all around us, Congress in its wisdom
saw fit to pass a law prescribing an oath to
guard against the return of red-handed rebels.
It is known as the test oath. My friend from
Wisconsin labored hard to show that the policy
of the present President was the policy of his
predecessor. Sir, Mr. Lincoln heartily ap-
proved of that oath; he signed the bill pre-
scribing it; and I take it ray friend from Wis-
consin voted for it, as he does for most of the
measures passed here, or as he did at that
time. Now, in this birthday speech, I see a
birth of something strange. Let me quote a
little from it. (Sutton & Murphy's Reporter,
No. 15, page 16.)
" I repeat, I am for the Union."
That is good.
" I am for preserving all the States." ,
So am I.
"I am for admitting into the councils of thonation
all the representatives who are unmistakably and
unquestionably loyal."
So am I.
"A man who acknowledges allegiance to the Gov-
ernment and swears to support theCoastitutioninust
necessarily be loyal."
There is the mistake. As a proposition, I
deny it. Breckinridge took that oath while
perjury black as hell was smoldering in his
heart. The president of your late confederacy
had taken the same oath over and over again.
Wigfall had taken it. Were they loyal? Sir,
I deny the proposition that swearing makes a
man loyal. If I could reconstruct the South
to-dav upon an oath, I would call them up and
marshal them altogether and tell them to hold
up their right hand and swear. Why, sir, these
rascals have not only sworn to support this
G overn ment, but another, and they have broken
both oaths. Will you tell me now that swear-
ing makes a man loyal ? No. My friend from
Pennsylvania yields that point, and when he
yields'it, everybody else ought. [Laughter.]
But that is not all. There is a little more
cat under the meal here. I will read that
again, for it is not true :
"Tho man who acknowledges allegianco to the
Government, and who swears to support the Consti-
tution, must necessarily bo loyal."
That would have done years ago ; but expe-
rience, that stern and unflinching teacher, has
taught us a great deal lately. "Why, sir, they
have sworn four times, andyefeoath piled upon
oath will never make a traitor loyal. Treason
to tho moral man is what consumption is to the
physical man ; ho never gets well of it. [Laugh-
tor.] it taints the whole moral man; it is
a disease incurable; nothing but death can
stop it.
But let me quote a little further :
"A mere amplification of the oath makesno differ-
ence as to the principle."
That is, that an oath to support the Consti-
tution is sufficient; and to require him to swear
that ho has not given aid or comfort to the
rebellion is a mere amplification, which is of
no use, and will not help the strength of the
oath.
" Whatever tost is iboinrl.it. proper rus evidence and
as proof of loyalty is a more matter of detail, about
which I care nothing."
I do.
" But lot a man bo unmistakably and unquestion-
ably loyal, let him acknowledge allegiance to the
Constitution of the United States, and lie witlims to
support the Government in its hour of peril and its
hour of need, and I am willing to trust him. [Ap-
piauso.]"
"Applause." But who by? By that horde
of anything but loyal men that surrounded him
on that occasion. I will not call names, but 1
chanced to be hero in the early days of this
rebellion, and 1 saw men shouting on the 22d
of February who were not suspected of loyalty
at that time. "Applause." What for? The
test oath was to go. This mere amplification
amounted to nothing! Let me inform the dis-
tinguished Senators from Wisconsin and Penn-
sylvania that right there the gulf becomes as
wide, as deep, and as impassable as that be-
tween the rich man and Abraham's bosom.
Right there I slop. I never will vote to let one
of these rebels back hero, on a simple oath to
support the Constitution, to seize-the reins of
power. Others may do as they please; but on
the day of judgment, when I stand in judgment
for the deeds done here, that sm shall not be
placed to my account.
I want to know if the distinguished Senator
from Wisconsin desires this test oath repealed.
[Mr. I)oolitti,e shook his head. ] Then I con-
gratulate him that he and I agree on that point.
But, sir, this thing does not stop here. A rec-
ommenda'.ion has been sent here from the
Executive Mansion requesting the repeal or
modification of tins oath, upon the pica that
the men whom they want to place in power are
covered all over with the stench of infamy,
and we are asked to let them up a little; some
of them are not quite as bad as others. Sir,
ever since the world began there have been
two kinds of devils abroad, little devils and
big ones, and the little devils have always been
the most troublesome. .[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, we have had the Balti-
more platform and thebirthday speech. Weliave
had the utterances of the President upon that
platform; and I am going to assume, without
any disparagement to my friend from Wiscon-
sin, that the President knew as well what the
Baltimore platform was as he did. Now, I
want my frjend from Wisconsin to tell this
Senate and the country wherein the policy of
tho present Administration—if you call tho
President alone the Administration—agrees
with Lincoln's. Lincoln was a firm adherent
of this test oath, lie saw in it the anchor of
our safety. While that existed the ship, how-
ever much tossod at her moorings, would be
safely anchoicd in the haven of quiet and
i epose and safety. Sir, take away that anchor,
and you will see these vacant seats filled by
the men who vacated them with the avowed
purpose of tearing this Government and rend-
ing it in pieces.
Mr. President. I remarked yesterday that I
thought there was no blame to be attributed to
Congress for not having acted more speedily.
The work of restoring this country is a great
work. The labor imposed upon the shoulders
ol' this Congress is Herculean. They are to
build up where treason lias torn down. They
are to heal those wounds as best they can.
The man who had in his employ a person who
had enveloped his house and lus children in
flames by the torch, and would take him back
info his employ the next day, would be con-
sidered a fit subject for a-lunatic asylum. The
same rule of prudence, caution, raid care should
prevail here.. The wounds upon our institu-
tions an; everywhere seen. The blood yet
oozes freely from wounds that never can bo
healed. And yet my distinguished friend from
Wisconsin says we must take them in! Sir,
there is a little example before us on this sub-
ject. In olden time a copperhead was found
stiffened with frost. A humane husbandman,
like my distinguished friend from Wisconsin,
put him in his bosom to warm him and thaw
him out. What did tho copperhead do? He
stung him to death. After that example I do
not propose that any of that breed shall find
wanning here. [Laughter.] My friend from
Wisconsin, with nis great gushing heart, wants
to take such things in his bosom. Look out
for your armpits. [Laughter.]
One thing more, sir, and I have done. I
hope the Senate will pardon me for detaining
them so long. I am alarmed at another doc-
trine that is broached by the distinguished
Senators from Pennsylvania and Wisconsin,
and they are not alone in it. It has got so
here that we cannot discuss even a sanitary
bill but the doctrine of State rights is brought
up. The cholera is obliged to pay its respects
to State lines. My friend from Wisconsin said
the other day he was tho advocate of State
rights. So was Davis; so was Breckinridge ;
so was all this host of rebels that fled. It was
that infernal heresy, as illustrated and demon-
strated by them, that lighted the torch of rebel-
lion. State rights! Mr. Stephens believes
in that doctrine yet, for he swears that he
believes now that the States have the right of
peaceful secession. State rights with proper
limitations undoubtedly exist; but 1 protest
against the latitudinarian construction given to
that term by tho Senator from Pennsylvania,
and the Senator from Wisconsin, which would
again light this country with the torch of rebel-
lion.
Mr. COWAN. What other can you give
that you are against, besides that of secession .
Kverybody is against that. What other one
do you oppose? ,
Mr. NYE. I am against all of these pre-
tended State rights that mar the harmony of
the action of the Federal Government. What
State right are you m iavor of?
