1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
State of New Jersey, and of other bodies simi-
larly constituted, I could not bring my mind to
the conclusion that the Senator from JNow
Jersey now holding (.lie seat was entitled to
it, or that ho was duly elected. I differed from
the majority of the committee upon this point.
Mr. Stockton was elected in a joint convention
of the two Houses. After that joint convention
had assembled, it undertook to say, in the ab-
sence of any law or rule prescribed by compe-
tent authority to that effect, that a less number
of the convention than a majority, to wit, a
plurality, should entitle the person receiving
silch plurality to an election. There were in
that convention eighty-one persons present.
Upon casting their votes for Senator, it .was
found that Mr. Stockton received 40 votes, and
Mr. Ten Eyck and other persons 41: so that
Mr. Stockton did not have a majority of the
convention; and the question now submitted to
the Senate, and the one upon which I think the
whole matter must turn, is, whether that joint
convention, silting and acting as it did as a joint
assembly, had the power and authority to say
that a person not receiving a majority of the
votes was entitled to a seat in this Senate.
1 maintain this as my first proposition : that
under the Constitution of the United States, the
constitution of N ew Jersey, and the laws of New
Jersey, where the constitution and the laws
prescribe no different rules, a majority was ne-
cessary t,o constitute a valid election. In the
absence of a law prescribed by the Legislature
of New Jersey, or some authority, if there was
any other authority competent to do it, I say
a majority would be required to entitle the Sen-
ator holding the seat, to remain in it, because
it is the law of corporations aggregate, and it is
the parliamentary law of the land, that when a
deliberative body or assembly like that under-
takes to act, it acts by a majority, and only by
a majority, unless it lias the power to prescribe
for itself a different rule, or some other author-
ity having such power has done it. There is
no pretense that the Legislature of New Jer-
sey or any other authority but this joint con-
vention so assembled ever undertook lo say
that a plurality should elect; but the joint con-
vention did. 1 do not undertake to deny that
it was competent for the Legislature of New
Jersey, organized and acting in its proper man-
ner and sphere, to say that^i plurality might
elect. 1 do not deny that a plurality of a Le-
gislature, when the majority so determine, can
elect a Senator. I concede that, but 1 say that
here nobody having competent authority under-
took to prescribe that a plurality should elect.
The Legislature of New Jersey did prescribe
that the election of Senator should be by joint
convention. 1 will read that law. It "is the
first section of a law of the State of New Jer-
sey, passed April 10, 1840:
Senators of the United Stateb on the part
ot tins Mate shall ho appointed by the Senate and
Uonorul Assembly of this State in joint meeting as-
hoialiK il; ami m c.iso a vacancy shall happen by death
or othej wise, at any time during the sittinK of tUo
LeKiMutiuc, then, and in such case, the vacancy or
vacancies t-o happening, shall he filled, during such
sittings, by the .Senate and Assembly of this State:
and if a vacancy or vacancies, bv the death of either
or both of the said Sena tors, or otherwise howsoever,
shall happen duiius; the recess ol the Legislature,
then the Governor of theStatu. orinuasoofhU death,
absence, or other disqualification, the person admin-
istering the ftovurmueiit tor tiie time being, may
make a temporary JM>po'mtraent or appointment^
until the next meeting of the Legislature, which shall
then liil ditch vacancy or vacancies."
.Vow, ;is 1 understand it. that is the only law
of the State of Now Jersey prescribing that a
Senator shall be appointed by joint meeting or
in any way reaulating the election ; and Sena
torswill observe that this lawis entirely silent as
to whether a plurality shall elect, or a majority
shall be necessary, and leaves it entirely to
stand upon the common law of the land and the
usage of the people of New Jersey. Then, I
maintain, that the Legislature being silent on
that point, the number necessary for the ap-
pointment of' a Senator would be the number
necessarily required by the common law and
the parliamentary law, to wit. a majority:
and so the Legislature and the people oC New
Jersey understood it, for never, up to this time,
in the whole history of the Government, did
they even undertake to appoint a Senator by
anything less than a majority of the joint meet-
ing. It is something entirely new and novel.
More than that, they did not ask the Senate
and the General Assembly of that Legislature,
sitting in the regularly organized way as two
branches, to pass a law authorizing a plurality
to elect; but when they had got in convention,
by a majority of the Senate, and without a
majority of the House, they undertake to de-
termine that a plurality should elect. The pa-
pers in the case show that upon the vote as to
whether a plurality should elect, only thirty
members of the House voted in the affirmative.
There are sixty members in the House of As-
sembly ; thirty voted in the affirmative, and
thirty in the negative; so that there was no
majority in the House of Assembly in favor of
that proposition. In the Senate there were ten
votes against,it and eleven for it. So it was
carried by one vote in the joint convention,
forty-one voting in favor of the proposition and
forty against it, and this for the first time in
the history of New Jersey or of its legislation.
Mr. WADE. Or any other State.
Mr. CLARK. Or, as is said by the Senator
from Ohio, any other State. I think that is
entirely true, f do not know that you can find
in the history of debates or in the range of
.contested elections any case like this, where
the two branches of the Legislature, in joint
assembly, undertook to prescribe a rule or a
law that a majority should elect. I then asstrt
the proposition with which I started, that the
Legislature of New Jersey being silent on that
subject, no competent authority having pre-
scribed the rule, it was necessary that there
should be a majority of the votes of that joint
convention to entitle the Senator from New
Jersey to hold his seat; and that I think the
reeords show he did not, get.
The General Assembly of the State of New
Jersey is composed of sixty members; the
Senate is composed of twenty-one members,
making in the aggregate eighty-one members.
The Constitution of the United States prescribes
that Senators shall be chosen by the Legisla-
tures of the States. I am not now going to
contend that it is not competent for the Legis-
lature to act in joint convention in electing a
Senator. That matter has been too long settled
by practice, in my judgment, to be disturbed.
Many of the States elect in that way, and the
Senators when so elected have been accorded
their seats. It is not necessary for my purpose
iu this case that 1 should take that,position. I do
not know that I could successfully defend it, if
I were to take it. I admit for the purposes of
this case that it is competent for the Legisla-
ture of' New Jersey to prescribe by a law, as
it did, that the Senators of that State should be
appointed by a joint meeting; but the Legis-
lature when it had gone thus far was entirely
silent. It did not, say wjiether that appoint-
ment was to be by a majority or by a plurality ;
and I maintain the proposition that in that
silence, the Legislature saying nothing on the
subject, the two Houses in theproperway saying
nothing by law on that subject, it was neces--
sary that there should be a majority of the votes
to elect, the Senator. That is the"first proposi-
tion that I maintain.
I then hold to the proposition that there
being no such action by the Legislature, acting
iu its regular organized way, it was not com-
petent for the two Houses in a joint meeting,
acting together, to enacta law or prescribe such
! a rule. The Constitution says that the time,
| the place, and the manner of electing Senators
[ and Representatives shall be determined by
| the Legislature. Now, so far as the time, the
I place, and the election in a joint meeting was
i concerned, the Legislature of New Jersey had
, prescribed the manner, but they were entirely
J silent upon the subject of the number neces-
sary to constitute an election,
j Mr. BUCKALEW*. "Was not the mode of
1 election a part of the "manner?''
! Mr. CLARlv. Thai is tho o int. I mv if
is a part of the manner, and being a part of
the manner it was competent for the Legisla-
ture in its regular organized way, and in no
other way, to regulate it, and it was not com-
petent for the Legislature, in a joint meeting
only for the purpose of electing an officer,
to regulate as they undertook to do. That is
the very point.. I hold it to be a part of the
manner, and the Legislature having regulated
the manner so far as to say it should be in joint
meeting, left the other part to the law of the
country that a majority should be required tcr
elect.
But the case does not rest exactly there. It
will be found that when that joint meeting, as
I said before, came to vote upon this proposi-
tion, it did not command a majority of the two
Houses as they were constituted. Only thirty
Representatives could bo found to vote in favor
of it; just one half; so that it did not com-
mand the assent of the House of Assembly.
It is said, Mr. President, and I think the re-
port of the committee goes upon this ground,
that a body like a joint assembly of the two
Houses of a Legislature may prescribe rules of
action. I do not undertake to deny that they
may prescribe rules of action, but what rules
of action? Rules of action which shall direct
their proceedings as to how the business shall
be done. But in this present case this is t>ota
rule of action; it is a resolution which deter-
mines the result of their action. It undertakes
to say, not how the vote shall be cast, but what
shall be the result if a person gets so many votes,
which I say it was not, competent for the meet-
ing acting jointly to do, but that should have
been done by the Legislature acting and sitting
in the ordinax'y way asa Legislature, each House
by itself.
I do not undertake to find fault with what is
stated in the report, in one of its sentences, to
wit, " that it was competent for a plurality to
elect, if a law to that effect had been prescribed
by competent authority." But the difficulty is
that there was no such law. I desire to ask
Senators this question: suppose the New Jer-
sey law of April 10, 1846, which says, "that
Senators of the. United States, on the part of
this State, shall be appointed by the Senate
and General Assembly of this State in joint
meeting assembled," had also said, "and a
majority of the votes of such meeting shall be
necessary to a choice;" would it have been
competent for the joint convention to over-
rule it? Will anybody contend that it would
have been? Would it have been competent,for
that joint convention after having got together,
to overrule the law and say, "Senators shall
not be appointed by a majority vote of the joint
convention?" And yet if they were the Legisla-
ture, as contended, why not? If they can say,
in the absence of any particular law, when the
whole matter rests in the common law and the
parliamentary law, that a plurality shall be suf-
ficient to elect, why could they not have said it,
even if the Legislature had declared that a ma-
jority should be required? The only difference
in the cases is that here a majority was required
by the common law and the parliamentary law,
and in the case supposed it would have been
required by the statute law; but if the joint
meeting be the Legislature, it could have over-
ruled it in the one ease as well as in the other.
This is the point: that when the Legislature was
silent upon this matter, it left the election to be
regulated by the common law of the land, as the
State of New Jersey had practiced it, and the
joint meeting had no more right to overrule
the common law of the land in that particular
than it had to overrule the statute law. ""
Now, Mr. President, I say there was no law
authorizing a plurality to elect; the joint meet-
| ing was not-competent to make a law for that
! purpose; and Mr. Stockton did not receive a
| majority of the votes of the joint meeting. I
I think he did not get a majority of the Senate;
| he did not get a majority of the House; nor •
j did h^get a majority of the joint meeting; and
| yet here, under the pretense that they could
; prescribe the rale of election in that, joint, meet-
, in!?, he como in with hi" ei-edenti.iL and tin-
