1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
dertakes to bold his seat, and asks the Senate
to say that he is entitled to the seat.
But, Mi-. President, it is said that he is enti-
tled to hold his seat because nobody objected
at the time, because when this vote was cast
and he was declared to be elected everybody
acquiesced. Hew acquiesced? By their si-
lence? To whom could they protest? To the
Senate who wonld judge upon his election; and
the very first moment, the very first day, he
entered here with his credentials, the men who
did not vote for him appeared here and remon-
strated and protested against his holding his
seat; and this is the acquiescence on their part
which is to conclude them! Here is their re-
monstrance before you, presented by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coiyan] on the
first day of the session, the very earliest mo-
ment they could present it; and yet it is said
that by their acquiescence these remonstrants
are not entitled to be heard, and the honora-
ble aiember is entitled to hold his seat! I do
not so understand it.
The.point is a narrow one. I do not propose
to take up the time of the Senate. T have
stated to the Senate and the Senators the con-
siderations which induced me to ditl'er from
the other members of the committee in this
report; they are to me controlling considera-
tions. I think nothing else enters into this
question but the mere question of the power
of the Legislature of New Jersey and the peo-
ple of New Jersey as to whether the sitting
member has been rightfully elected and is en-
titled to hold his seat here. I hold that he has
not been elected, and therefore I have moved
the amendment to the resolution of the com-
mittee ; and on that question I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 1 do not
know whether on a question of this sort wo Shall
be considered as acting as in Committee of the
Whole in the first place, and afterwards in the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One vote settles it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) One vote is all that is
necessary to decide the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, before the vote
is taken, [wish to express mv opinion upon it,
because upon a question of this kind I think
opinions should be decidedly expressed, one
way or the other.
I confess that from the view I took of the
ease originally, I was exceedingly surprised,
more so, I will say, than T ever was before at a
judicial decision in my life, at the opinion to
which the Committee on the Judiciary arrived
in relation to this matter; for, in addition to
lying in a very narrow compass, it struck me
that the question was a very simple one and a
very clear one. I may bo wrong; but my opin-
ion'is so entirely fixed that I never have been
able to perceive, and 1 have been unable to
find in the report of the committee, anything
that has in the slightest degree shaken my
opinion.
It is a judicial question; and if I know any-
thing of myself, I believe I am capable, in de-
ciding the question of the right of a Senator
to his seat, to lay aside every consideration
except that which belongs to the mere question
of legal right. I do not propose to go over
any very particular space in laying before the
Senate what I think upon the subject. The
question in regard to Senators comes under
this clause of the Constitution:
"The Senate of tlic United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each State, chosen by the
Legislature thereof, tor six years; and each Senator
shall have one vote."
1 did not have the pleasure of hearing the
remarks made by the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire who has just taken his seat, as
I was out of the Senate, and perhaps I may
simply repeat what he has said. It will be no-
ticed that tlie Senators aro to be chosen by
"the Legislature," not by the legislators: not
by the members of the Legislature, but by ^' the
Legislature." That is the language of the
clause. Tt, is manifest, therefore, that it may be
well to consider what the relation is in which
the Legislature stands to the Government in
reference merely to the election of Senators..
I lmve always held, and hold now, that the Le-
gislature, in the election of a United States Sen-
ator, is merely the agent of the Constitution of
the United States to perform a certain act. It
is the designation of a body, a body recognized
as a constituent partof the government of each
Slate; the Constitution selects that body of
men to perform certain acts in connection with
the Government of the United States. The
body thus selected is, therefore, in the perform-
ance of that act, but the mere agent of the
Constitution of the United States to perform
it. It is, therefore, under the control of no other
power. No provision in the constitution of
New J ersey providing the mode in which a Sen-
ator shall 1)0 elected or the course that shall be
taken, or the rules of the proceeding, or any-
thing of that kind would bind in any way the
Legislature which is to perform the act. No
provision of law of a previous Legislature
would in any manner bind the Legislature which
is to perform that act. Tt is independent of
everything except the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. The constitution of a State can-
not bind it. The State constitution prescribes
who shall compose the Legislature; but that
body, or those bodies thus composing the Le-
gislature of the State, being the agent appointed
by the Constitution of the United States to per-
form an act, is not under the slightest obliga-
tion to regard any of the provisions in the State
constitution on the subject, because the State
; constitution has nothing to do with it, or any
previous provisions of State law in reference
to it. lint, while it is thus independent and may
disregaid those provisions, beiugthe mere agent
of the Constitution of the United States, still
( it must necessarily act as a Legislature in the
j performance of that duty, because, as I said
before, the power is not committed to the Legis-
I laturo individually or collectively, but commit-
I ted to '■ the Legislature" ofthe State ; andthere-
I fore, being committed to the Legislature ofthe
| State, the Legislature, in carrying out this pro-
vision ofthe Constitution, must act as a Legis-
lature; that is, there must bo a legislative act.
That being laid down as a principle, which
it strikes me cannot be refuted, the next in-
quiry is, which is the Legislature to elect? The
answer is a very obvious one: it is the Legis-
lature in existence at the time that the vacancy
occurs; and if that Legislature fails to elect;
it goes necessarily, under the Constitution, to
the next Legislature, and the place in the
mean time may be filled by appointment; and
when the next Legislature meets it makes the
election in the same way; it lias the same power
over it. That being the case, the question
arises, how shall this duty be performed? I
remember that once in a discussion here, I
think upon the case ofthe Senator from Iowa,
(Mr. Harlan,) or in the case of the Senator
.from Illinois, the present chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. TuuMBtiLL,]
Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, laid it down that all
that was requisite was that a majority of the
members of both branches, not each branch
acting separately, but a majority of the whole
should act on this subject; 110 matter when
they acted, or where they acted, or how they
acted they might meet at a tavern at any time
i they saw fit, and if there was a majority of
I both branches present and they voted for a
! certain man, that would be a good election.
T suppose we are hardly prepared to go that
length, because, as I said before, it is not the
men composing the body acting as individu-
i als. but "the Legislature," that is to elect, and
I the election must therefore be a legislative
| act.
I How is that carried out? I believe the true
! system to be that there must be concurrent
| action, that, each body (if there are two bodies
: of the Legislature, as there were in this ease)
! must select the same man, but the practice lias
| been otherwise, and I suppose the practice is
i defensible in many cases. We elect in the
way I have supposed to be correct in Maine, we
elect in that way in Massachusetts, and in some
other States. In other States the two Houses
form a convention and the convention elects',
and that is a legitimate mode. But how must
that convention be formed? That convention
cannot be formed by a provision in the consti-
tution of the State. The Legislature itself which
is to make the election must act upon the indi-
vidual case. The Legislature must therefore
vote to go into convention for that purpose.
Whatever is done in relation to the election of
a Senator must be done as a consequence of
legislative action, otherwise it is no election by
"the Legislature." They vote to form a con-
vention for the purpose of choosing a Senator,
and when they meet in convention that choice
may be made. If there is legislative action
previously, a vote by the Senate and a vote by
the House of Representatives to meet in con-
vention at a particular time in order to choose
a Senator, that is sufficient. When they meet
what can they do ? They can choose a Sen-
ator, because there has been legislative action
which authorizes them to choose a Senator in
that. form. But how? Every lawyer will ad-
mit that the parliamentary rule and the rule
of the common law with regard to corporations
is fixed and settled, that unless otherwise pro-
vided by the constitution of the body itself or by
thepower that constituted it, electionsmustbeby
a majority—a majority of a quorum, if a quorum
is fixed by law. That is the universally received,
acknowledged, admitted rule of the common
law and parliamentary law, that the election
must be by a^najority unless otherwise deter-
mined by competent authority. The Legisla-
ture,, when it votes to go into a convention of
the two branches, acting as a Legislature, may
provide the mode of election. If it desires to
change the ordinary and received law upon the
subject it may provide how the election shall
be made. It may say that a plurality shall
elect if it pleases. It may make any provision
that itpleases in reference to the mode in which
the election shall be conducted, but it must be
done by the Legislature. The common law,
the ordinary law as applied to elections by a
convention thus framed, must be changed by
the body that gives it authority, or it cannot be
changed at all.
What I say is, if the Senate will pardon mo
for repeating, that there must be legislative
action governing the whole, because the power
which the convention has is limited from the
very nature of the case. Remember that it is
"the Legislature" which is to choose the Sen-
ator ; and the Legislature say *' We will meet
in convention to choose a Senat6r." The
Legislature may go further if it sees fit, and by
legislative act declare that that choice may be
made by a plurality, or that choice may be
made by a hand vote, or in any way it pleases:
but it must be the body which gives the power,
that is to settle the mode of doing it, if that
mode is to be different from the ordinary, re-
ceived, acknowledged law and parliamentary
law of proceeding of all bodies, whatever they
may be. .
Now, what are the facts in this case? I here
was no provision whatever made by the Legis-
lature of the State of New Jersey as to the
mode in which the Senator should be chosen.
The legislative action which authorized the
convention was perfectly silent upon that sub-
ject. What, then, had the Legislature a right
to conclude? Was it not this, and this only,
that when it authorized a body other than it-
self. though constituted of the same members,
a- convention to choose a Senator, that body
mast proceed in the choice of a Senator, ac-
cording to the universally received parliament-
! ary and common law upon the subject of clec-
I tion ? Had not the Legislature a right to sup-
j pose and to insist that in discharging the power
! thus conferred upon it by the Legislature
' which Legislature was to choose—the course
' of proceedings of the convention should be
,| precisely that and only that which is received
]j by law everywhere, unless otherwise ordered,
and which is provided as the mode of proceed-
