1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2527
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How many, in the opin-
ion of the Senator, would bo necessary?
Mr. NYE. Five or six.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well; that an-
, swers one question. Now, I ask the honor-
able Senator, in what way would j ou try them;
by a military commission, or court-martial, or
would you try them in court?
Mr. NYE. I want to answer that question
in two ways.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have a
direct answer.
Mr. NYE. I should not have kept them
until this issue had arisen as to how we should
try them. I would have hung them then. If
I had had my way I would have hung Jeff.
Davis, no matter how I tried him. When the
two great armies, that of General Sherman
and the army of the Potomac, were mustered
out in this city, I would have had them formed
in a hollow square and hung him there, and
the world would have said amen. 1 suppose
now we shall have to try him by law.
■ Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is the answer of
the Senator. I simply desired to get his opin-
ion. His answer is, that he would have ordered
Jeff. Davis to be executed without trial in the
presence of the discharged soldiers of the grand
Army of the United States. Mr. President, 1
undertake to say that such a proceeding as that
on the part of the President of the United
States would be held to be murder by all the
enlightened judgment of the world.
But the Senator now goes further and says
that inasmuch as he was not executed without
trial, executed first and tried afterward, it has
gone on so far now that lie thinks the proper
mode of trial is to try him in a court of justice
according to law. We have advanced to that
point in the argument. His opinion is, and
we may understand, notwithstanding all this
denunciation by the Senator of the President,
for not punishing these traitors, that lie would
now have five or six of the leading rebels of
the country tried, and tried in court according
to law. Sir, how will you do it? Can you try
them in a court if the judge will not sit and
hold it? Has not the President for months
been urging upon one of the justices of the
Supreme Court, within whose jurisdiction Jeff.
Davis is, that lie hold a court so that he can
be tried; and has not the judge refused to
hold the court upon the pretext that he desires
.the question to come before Congress, for its
action in some shape, before he assumes to
do it?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me, as I am dealing with another
very strong man, I do not wish to deal with
two strong men at once.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely wish to correct
the Senator on that point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I must decline to yield
to the Senator. I am in the midst of an argu-
ment, and do not like to be drawn off.
Mr. HOWARD. I will reply hereafter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Without a judge to hold
a court, you cannot try one of these offenders.
Not only a judge is necessary, but a jury is
necessary; and here arises a practical difficulty,
how can you obtain a jury? Sir, you know,
everybody knows, that when you impanel a
jury, by the decisions of very many of the courts,
by the decisions of Chief "Justice Marshall in
the Burr trial, when you call a juror upon the
stand, and the question is whether he can sit
upon the jury or not, the question is raised
whether he has formed any opinion based upon
newspaper reports or information or history or
rumor. If ho has formed any opinion in the
case he cannot sit on the jury. That is the
ruling of several of the northern States, New
York, Massachusetts, Wisconsin, and others.
Chief Justice Marshall, in the Burr trial, ruled
in that same way. I believe those rulings are
wrong: but at the same time they are the rul-
ings of the courts upon that important ques-
tion. How, then, can it be corrected ? There
is no way to correct it except by a law which
shall declare that when jurors are called, the
fact that a juror has formed an opinion based
upon public rumor, based upon newspaper
reports, based upon the history of the times,
shall not exclude him from the jury-box pro-
vided the judge is satisfied that notwithstanding
that bias of opinion he can still try the case
and find a true verdict according to the evi-
dence. For six months that bill, introduced
by myself, has been in this body with a view to
try to avoid a very practical difficulty, so that
some of these men could be brought to trial.
Why, sir, lot us take a practical case. Sup-
pose this, instead of being the Senate of the
United Slates, was a court, and yourhonorwas
the justice presiding, and we who are here
present were all jurors summoned, and Jeff.
Davis were here, and put upon his trial, and
the men here were summoned one after another
to the jury-box, and the counsel of J off. Davis
should put the question to them, "Have you
formed or expressed any opinion upon the
guilt or innocence of the accused?" what would
they answer? Is "there an honest man who
would not be obliged to say that from the his-
tory of the times, from newspaper reports,
from his own information, he had formed an
opinion? Suppose the Senator from Nevada
were asked whether he had formed an opinion.
He would be compelled to say he had. I see
he is not now in his seat. Suppose the Sena-
tor from Michigan [Mr. Howard] was called.
He would be compelled, as an honest man, to
say that from what he had heard about it he
had formed an opinion that Jeff. Davis was
guilty. What, would the judge say under this
ruling? "Stand aside, sir." You would go
on from one Senator or juror to another until
the whole panel was exhausted, and you could
not get a jury at all. There is no loyal man
to be found that you could get upon a jury who
had not formed or expressed an opinion. Sir,
you coald not get a jury at all.
Now, I ask the honorable Senator and those
who stand with him, is it advisable for the
President of the United States to put Jeff.
Davis on his trial, when you are sure you can-
not get a jury; when, if you put him to his
trial he will be acquitted? Which is the best
policy? I wish to have done with this eternal
clamor and denunciation against the Execu-
tive for not bringing these men to trial. There
is not, and there never was, and never can be
conceived a charge so utterly groundless and
without the shadow of a foundation as this
charge brought against the Administration for
not bringing these men to judgment.
That is one point in the honorable Senator's
discourse of to-day to which I eali attention.
There is another point. He is denouncing the
President for the exercise of the pardoning
power. There are thousands and thousands
of these men unpardoned. All the great lead-
ers of the rebellion are still unpardoned—not
merely the five or six whom the Senator would
bring to judgment, but thousands upon thou-
sands. They are to be found everywhere
throughout the South. If he can conceive a
mode in which to bring them to trial, if he
can aid in bringing them to trial, he will per-
form a better service, perhaps, than in denoun-
cing the Executive for not endeavoring to do
what is both impossible and absurd for him to
undertake to do in the present state of the
case. The responsibility rests not upon the
Executive; nor do I rest under the responsi-
bility of this charge. I have done all that I
could do to secure the enactment of a statute
which alone will authorize any of these men
to be put upon trial.
It is sometimes charged that the men who
were engaged in the military service, the offi-
cers of the rebel army, General Lee and others,
might have been tried by a court-martial and
executed. Who does not know that the very
terms of surrender on which the rebel soldiers
laid down their arms provided expressly that
if they went to their homes and kept the peace
and obeyed the laws and the Constitution of
the country, they should not be disturbed by the
military authorities? Who does not know that
when an attempt was made to indict General
Lee, and the question was referred to General
•Grant for decision, who made the negotiation
with him, that General Grant spurned the idea
that under the stipulations of that treaty Gen-
eral Lee was to be disturbed as long as he
obeyed the conditions of the stipulation? I
say again, banish from this Senate, banish from
every assemblage of honorable men this clamor,
against the Administration for not trying and'
executing the men who have been engaged in
this rebellion.
But the honorable Senator—I wish he were
here—says and repeats it, "Where is Clement
C. Clay? Paroled; permitted to go to his home
in Alabama." 1 could turn him to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsost] to an-
swer where is Clement C. Clay, and why he
was paroled. I have hero the recently pub-
lished letter of that Senator. I bring no charge
against the Senator from Massachusetts for
writing this letter which I am about to read,
for he has become a convert to the new theory
of reconstruction invented by the other Sena-
tor from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] to wit, that
of universal amnesty.
" United States Senate.Chamber."
Yes, sir, from this very Chamber, within a
few feet of where stood the Senator ivlio at the
top of his voice asked "Where is Clement C.
Clay," went forth the letter of appeal from
the Senator from Massachusetts for Ins release:
United States Sen\th Chamber,
Washington, March 3, 1806.
Sir: Mrs. Clay, tlic wife of Clement C. Clay, is now
in the city, and has requested mc 1,0 obtain permis-
sion for her husband to go to his home on parole.
His father is said to be at the point of death, his
mother reeently doeeu^ed, and, if there be no objec-
tions or reasons unbeknown to me why the request
of Mrs. Clay should be denied, I have no hesitation
in recommending its tavorableconsidcration, if only
fiom motives of humanity, as I have no doubt Mr.
Clay will bo forthcoming when his presence is again
required by the Government.
1 have the honor to be, bir, very respectfully, your
obedient servant. jj AVfhSON"
To the President of the United Status.
There is an answer to the question. The
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
of this body, in the humanity of his nature, for
which I do not reproach him, made this power-
ful appeal to the President of the United States
that Clay should be released upon parole, and
pledged, so far as he could pledge himself for
the honor of Mr. play, that, he would return
whenever the exigencies or the demands of the
Government required if. I say, then, away
with this denunciation against the Executive
because he has permitted this man, from hu-
manity's sake, to go upon his parole to the
State of Alabama.
Mr. President, there seems to be a strange
division in the opposition to the Republican
Administration arising here in Congress ; and
I presume gentlemen will take no offense if I
should classify this division.that seems to spring
up. First and foremost in Congress is that
distinguished and veteran old leader, a Repre-
sentative from Pennsylvania, who leads one
branch of this distracted opposition now mak-
ing war upon the Republican party. I refer
to Hon. Tiiaddeus Stevens. He is the leader
and chieftain of what I will denominate the
universal confiscation party. In this body
stands the acknowledged leader of another
wing of the opposition to the Republican party
in the person of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Stjmxer,] which may be
denominated the universal negro suffrage party.
Then there is still another branch of this dis-
tracted opposition, of which I may say the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada who has just taken
his seat is the leader and chieftain—the hang-
ing party. And last, but not least, comes that
new party which, so far as I know, has yet
obtained in this body but one recruit—the party
which is led by the other Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. StewaiitJ—the universal amnesty and
universal suffrage party.
We see these parties distracted, arrayed
