1866.]
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87?
39th Cong....1st Sbss.
Reconstruction—Mr. Delano.
Ho. of Reps.
strength to oppose him; or when in a republic the
nation is divided into two opposite factions, and both
sides take up arms, this is called civil war." * *
* * " The sovereign, indeed, never fails to be-
stow the appellation of rebels on all such of his sub-
jects as openly resist him; bat when the latter have
acquired sufficient strength to' give him effectual op-
opsition, and oblige him to carry on thewar according
to the established rules, he must necessarily submit
to the use of the term civil war."
On page 425 he further observes:
"This being thecase, it is very evidentthat the com-
mon laws of war, those maxims of humanity, modera-
tion, and honor already detailed in this work, ought
to be observed by both parties in every civil war/'
Following this argument, the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the prize cases, says:
"The laws of war, as established among nations,
have their foundation in reason, and all tend to miti-
gate the cruelties andmisery produced by thescourge
of war; hence the parties to a civil war usually con-
cede to each other belligerent rights; they exchange
prisoners, and adopt other courtesies and rules com-
mon to public or national wars."
Further authorities are needless to show that
granting belligerent rights to the insurgents did
not convert them into a foreign nation, nor their
territory into foreign States. The insurrection
was gigantic, requiring great numbers and large
means to subdue it. Its duration and vicissi-
tudes during its progress required flags of truce;
exchange of prisoners, and "other courtesies
and rules common to national wars." To this
extent the rebels were treated as a belligerent
Power, and to this extent only. They were
thus treated because humanity and the law of
nations demanded it, in mitigation of the cruel-
ties and evils produced by the scourge of war.
Our extensive coast bordering the States in in-
surrection would have furnished the insurgents
a foreign intercourse so valuable in sustaining
the rebellion had it not been subjected to a
blockade as to render such a measure for the
time being a necessity. Is it legitimate, then,
to conclude that these necessary measures dic-
tated by humanity, and resorted to in obedi-
ence to the laws of nations in order to mitigate
the cruelties of the insurrection and shorten its
duration, converted the insurgent territory into
a foreign nation? Clearly not. This process
of reasoning has been answered by the follow-
ing inquiry, if correct, what becomes of the
right and power of the Government to punish
treason? For traitors are transformed into for-
eign foes, and the treason of insurgents is con-
verted into legitimate war of an alien enemy by
this rapid logic of belligerent rights.
Seeing the gentleman thus hard pressed, my
esteemed colleague, [Mr. Shellabarheh,] imi-
tating Achilles when the Greeks were in distress,
comes into the conflict, if not with new armor,
at least with new arguments, and suggests that
the Supreme Court has decided that "it is a
proposition never doubted that the belligerent
party who claims to be sovereign may exercise
both belligerent and sovereign rights," and he
proceeds to assert as conclusions from the de-
cision of the Supreme Court, first, that the rebel
States acted as States in organizing the rebellion;
secondly, that all their citizens were thereby
made enemies; thirdly,that though enemies they
did not become foreign States, so that when we
take diem back we must pay their debts; fourth-
ly, that the United States may exercise over these
people both belligerent and sovereign rights.
Before referring to what my colleague said on
this point, I call the attention of the House to
the following additional remarks of the court,
in the prize cases, from which he has quoted;
"All persons residing within this territory are to
be treated ns enemies, thouidi not foreigners. ^
"But in defining the mc.ininp; M the term ene-
mies' property,' we will bo led into error it we refer
to Fleta or Lord Coke. It is a technical phrase, pe-
culiar to pri'/e courts, and depends upon principles
ol public policy as distinguished from the common
law.'"—Prize Cava, ()71.
Tims it will appear, by the authorities^ in-
troduced by my colleague in order to relieve
the gentleman from Pennsylvania from the dif-
ficulty glowing out of his assertion that the in-
surgent district had become a foreign nation,
that the revolting States did not convert their
people into foreign enemies, in the common-
law definition of the term, and hence by their
overthrow we do not inherit their debts. My
proposition is therefore established that the
granting of belligerent rights as an act of hu-
manity did not place the- parties at war in the
same relations as nations foreign to each other.
*Thus are torn up, root and branch, the prem-
ises and the conclusions of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. And thus also is established
the power of the United States to grant bel-
ligerent rights and maintain sovereign author-
ity, whereby she was enabled to crush the in-
surrection, to save the Union, to guaranty re-
publican governments in the insurgent States,
andprevent these States from becoming foreign
territory with alien enemies as inhabitants.
The fearful consequences resulting from this
theory that the States are dead must not be
overlooked. Several months ago I heard the
key-note of this policy coming from the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, in a speech delivered
in Lancaster county. It was then proposed,
according to my recollection, to confiscate the
property of the late confederate States, and dis-
pose of it, in part for the payment of the public
debt, in part for the settlement of the emanci-
pated blacks, and in part to increase the pen-
sions of those who suffered in the late war. I
was shocked at this scheme of universal con-
fiscation, and felt as if America would lose her
reputation before the nations of the earth if we
should adopt it. It rests on the theory of''dead
States and conquered provinces." I have a
profound respect for the ability and the patriot-
ism of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
I will not say that it is his purpose to push his
theory to all the terrible consequences which
appear to me to be its natural and inevitable
fruits. Should it be carried to this terrible ex-
tent, lean imagine nothing which this Congress
has the power to do that would be fraught with
so much danger to the country or be likely to
bring so much reproach upon our good name.
Why, sir, the Duke of Alva executed the de-
crees of a bigoted and brutal master while ruling
in the Netherlands, and thus carried misery and
suffering among an oppressed and downtrodden
people. But this gigantic scheme of plunder, if
carried out to its full extent, as I understand it,
would far outstrip the desolation and ravage
caused by the cruelties which I have referred
to, and would make the ghost of the nobie Duke
blush at his own timidity and confess that he
was not a plunderer fit to provide for the re-
construction of the rebel States of America!
Crossing the English Channel and contemplat-
ing Cromwell's famous settlement of Ireland,
you behold an extensive scale of plunder and
devastation which shocks the sense of justice
and fires with indignation the bosom of every
honest and philanthropic man: and yet. Mr.
Speaker, all that fearful ravage fades into insig-
nificance before the scheme proposed for our
adoption in these Slates lately in rebellion.
You say they are dead! And already, I fear,
you have excited the appetite of that class of
creation who desire to feed on their remains.
They hear the watchword and swell the chorus,
1: dead States and conquered provinces.'' There
are birds of prey which wing tlieir way through
the blue sky seeking the remains of something
dead. There are quadrupeds who delight to
feast their appetites 011 the carcasses of the
dead, and if you solemnly declare the annihi-
lation of these States, rendering it necessary
to govern them by your own action, the new
patronage thereby created, ilic innumerable
appointments to governorships, judgeships, and
other profitable places for the gratification of
ambition and avarice, will, I fear, fill the land
with political cormorants eager to satisfy their
appetites on the remains of dead States. I can-
not therefore sanction this policy. If I stand
solitary and alone, I will never, 110 never, sanc-
tion it. I will not attempt to govern these
States on the ground that they have lost •' their
local powers.''
Mr. STEVENS said he was absent from the
Hall when the gentleman made allusion to him,
and he wished now to observe that he never
held the doctrine that the southern States were
dead, but had argued that it made no difference
whether thc^ were in or out of the Union as to
the question of reconstruction. He held that
these States were organized, but organized
under another Government besides our own,
but still States. The gentleman mistook his
position as to confiscation. - Ho did not advo-
cate a general sweep, but that the lands of a
large number of the rebels ought to be confis-
cated, in order to meet the expenses incurred
by putting down the rebellion and to increase
the pensions of soldiers.
Mr. DELANO. My recollection is that the
gentleman, in his speech at Lancaster, said that
four thousand millions of money might be made
out of confiscation, and the money distributed
in the way stated. But lam now glad to know
that the gentleman has abandoned, if he ever
held to, the theory of 11 dead States and con-
quered provinces, "and that he rejects thepolicy
of a ''general sweep" in confiscation. If we
must have any confiscation, the less we have
the better shall I be pleased. It is a relief to
learn that a " general sweep" is not demanded.
In the course of my argument, hereafter, I
will endeavor to define what, a State is, as we
understand it in the United States, not what it is
as defined by Vattel 01 Grotius or other writers
on the law of nations; for, in my judgment,
there is a material difference-" though not an
entire dissimilarity in the cases. Then, sir, I
will endeavor to show that the late insurrection
devolved upon the General Government the
duty of preserving the State governments in the
insurrectionary districts. I will furl her attempt
to show that the Federal Government accepted
this duty and has performed it, thus fulfilling
her constitutional engagement.
Then, sir, I will insist that the legislation of
Congress, the acts of the Executive, and of the
Executive Departments, under the laws of Con-
gress, have uniformly, from the commencement
to the close of the war, recognized the conflict
as a war to save the States, not to destroy them.
And f will attempt to prove that these acts of
recognition are final and conclusive in favor of
the existence of' the States, according to the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in tiro case of Luther vs. Borden, 7
Howard.
Wn.iT IS A STATE?
In our complex system, aud while speaking
of a member of the Federal Union. I will ven-
ture to define it thus : a political organization,
proceeding from the people, having a written
constitution defining its powers, created for the
purpose of establishing law and order within
certain fixed territorial limits, and having also
a fixed and constitutional relation with other
like States, whereby the Federal Union is es-
tablished.
Here, mark it. the State appears in a two-
fold capacity. First, as a political organization
for local government. Second, as an integral
part of that greater Government, the United
States, which was created by our fhtheis in
order to "establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the. common defense,
promote the general welfare, and sccure the
blessings of liberty." Each of there qualities
or characteristics ought to be kept prominently
before our minds iu this discus-ion, because
they must each be dealt with, each having been
brought under the influenc 0 ol' the insurrection.
We shall see. I think, that one of these quali-
ties or characteristics may be as-ailed, and may
suffer without necessarily destroying the exist-
ence of the other: because it is a rule of hu-
manity, pervading all Christian civilisation, that
destruction shall stop when the necessity for it
ceases.
Having thus defined a State, and attempted,
very briefly, to exhibit its twofold nature, I ask
