1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
they ought to have as inhabitants of fres States,
as we arc, is a gross outrage and one which will
recoil upon our heads. If they arc not; if they
are in the condition which some gentlemen like
to represent them as occupying, then, sir, I
■want to know whether you will bring them to
reason, whether you wiil bring them back to
that affection which they ought to have for this
Government and its flag, by such bills as this,
which invade rights that they of all other peo-
ple have been taught to consider as peculiarly
belonging to the States and not within the prov-
ince of the Government to invade. Can you
bring them back by making laws which operate
upon them when they are not here? Can you
bring them back by givingtliem the same cause
to rebel against you which Great Britain gave to
your ancestors? Can you bring them back here i
by legislating for tliem and yet refusing them
the right of representation? Can you bring
them back by amending the Constitution time
and again over their heads when you refuse to
listen to tlieir arguments here in the common
councils of the country? I say this is worthy
of the serious consideration of every man who
loves his country; and I put it to my brethren
here in the hope that they may think of it iu
this aspect.
Nay, Mr. President, I know apprehensions
are expressed. Apprehensions of what? "What
can the people of those States do if we treat
them fairly and give them all their rights under
the laws? Wliat is the worst they can do?
Can they rebel again? If they are going to
rebel again, you are putting them now exactly
in such a condition that thpy will before the
world have good cause. You are putting them
precisely in that situation when they can appeal
to your enemies for assistance, and when tliey
will get it. When they ask England to protect
them the next time, and then when they seek
an alliance with France the next time, they will
succeed. England will not pay fifty millions
more to keep her Lancashire poor from starv-
ing when she can control the cotton fields of
the southern portion of these United States.
France will not much longer be bullied about
the Monroe doctrine, when she by joining with
the South may help to tear thisRepublic in two
and shear it of its greatness.
Then, I say, if the people would standby the
flag, give them their rights; and I say if (hey
will not stand by it, let us give them their rights
and let them do their worst, because thev will
do it anyway. It is far safer to treat them ac-
cording to the laws that exist and do now exist
without new ones to operate upon them, made
while they are not here, far safer than the course
we are pursuing. There are guilty people
among them. Why arc not those guilty people
irosecuted? Why are they not punished? If
-efferson Davis is a traitor, we have him in our
hands, and why is he not fried and convicted?
Where are your district ai torneys ? Where are
your judges? Have you no machinery? W ho
resists the establishment of courts ? _ Who pre-
vents the marshal from summoning jurors such
as the Senator from Nevada described awhile
ago ? He says that there are plenty of poor men
down there who have been oppressed by the
slaveholding aristocracy, and who were dragged
into this rebellion. That I believe to bo true.
He says that they would gladly be postmasters,
and accept the little offices ol the country at our
hands. I suppose they would gladly play jurors
over this man who they believe has brought such
calamities upon their country, and subjected
them to such national humiliations. Are there
no courts, are there no juries, is there no ma-
chinery in the land, by which individuals can
be punished, and only machineryby which the
innocent, the people, pan be tortured and wor-
ried, and perhaps driven into another rebel-
Mr. President, I hope we shall take better
counsel. I think it cannot be disguised that
just at this moment there is a growing appre-
hension in the country that something is not
right. I do not say that thai apprehension has
risen to alarm ; but I do ,say that unless this
Cbngress shall do something t'o reas'sure the
I
people it will come" to that. The soldier is be-
ginning to ask why the country is not restored.
He is beginning to ask, '' Will it be restored ?'!-
He says, " I fought the battles of the country
long days and dreary nights through a terrible
war for the Union for the purpose of saving
the Republic one and indivisible." Why is it
not restored? Is there any resistance to this
Government , any refusal on the partof the peo-
ple to put all the machinery in motion? I tell
you, Mr. President, when he asks this Congress
■why it is that all the bands are not tied, and all
the means of cementing it are not made use of,
there will be a terrible answer from him if he
finds that we by our factious course prevent
this restoration.
What is it that binds now, I ask, the eleven
States lately in rebellion to this Union but
the President? He is the only piece of prop-
erty they have iu common with us. He stands
like a Colossus across this chasm which it is
our business to fill up and close forever. The
bondholder, the man who loaned us the money
to carry on this war, the man who came up
with Fortunalus's purse, almost without stint,
to furnish the sinews of it, will begin to ask,
why is the Union not restored; where is the
obstacle, and what is the obstacle? Will it do
to tell him that the hearts of that people are
not right ? lie will tell you that you had better
leave that to the means of Christian grace ; it
will be enough for hini if tney obey the laws,
if they are willing to submit themselves to the
laws as other good citizens do. It wiil not do
to assert to him that they are not to be trusted
as the people, because he will tell you it was
as the people and upon the faith that they as
the people would restore the Government that
he gave his money. It will not do either to
tell hi in and the soldier, too, that we are going
to hold these people as conquered provinces.
The soldier will tell you that that will do him
no good ; he did not 'light for conquered prov-
inces ; he did not fight to make his fellow-men
vassals and serfs : he fought to bring them back
to brotherhood and freedom. He wanted to
make them to strengthen him and to aid him
rather than to be his enemies hereafter. True,
he may tell you, "If I were a king or a noble,
conquest might be of avail to me, but I am a
humble citizen of this Republic, and conquest
is not that for which I ventured myself upon
the field of battle."
Mr. President, I ought to apologize, perhaps,
for leaving the subject-matter of discussion so
far behind in this debate: but it 1 have leit it, I
beg that all the blame will not he thrown upon
me, because part of the time 1 was not only
bound to furnish the argument, but to stand a
cross-examination.
Mr. HO WARD. Mr. President, I agree with
the Senator from Pennsylvania that there is a
growing apprehension in the country that there
is something wrong in the present state of af-
fairs ; but I do not propose at this moment to
go far into the causes of that wrong. I intend
to address myself to the bill under considera-
tion, and not to follow the Senator from Penn-
sylvania in the devious course which he has
pursued.
Undoubtedly there are some things w hich are
wrong, and unfortunately. 1 think, for some per-
sons,""the people have not only " begun" to have
an apprehension of that wrong, but aelually
pos^ess a knowledge of it. It is impossible for
us hei c to raise such a cloud of dust as to blind
the vision of the people whom we represent
upon these great and important topics. 1 hr-re
is a condition of wrong, I apprehend, existing
in some of the rebel States, and as one very
small bit of evidence of it s existence I beg leave
to say that I very recently saw a letter written
by one of the most eminent of our a'enerals now
on duty in the State of Texas, in which lie states
that at about the time of the date ot his letter,
last December, such a curiosity was discovered
in the northern part of Texas as a true out-and-
out Union man ; one of the old style of Union-
ists, who had maintained his integrity through-
out the war, and who, after the close of hostilities,
was s"o inccmsill<5rate, so wanting in tenderness
toward the patriotic feelings of the people of
Texas, as to raise the old stripes and stars over
the roof of his house. This was but the signal
for a meeting of a committee of the very loyal
citizens of that neighborhood, who at once called
upon him and ordered him to take down the
old flag, stating to him that they could submit
to be conquered, that they "accepted the situ-
ation," but that for him to stick up the old flag
over his house was a little too much for them,
to bear. Ho had tho resolution, however, to
resist the demand; and for that resistance he
atoned with his life. He was deliberately mur-
dered by those lovely Unionists of the State
of Texas, those reconstructed or semi-recon-
structed Unionists, who, like too many other
Unionists of the like stamp, "accept the sit-
uation!"
I should bo very glad to see an exhibit made
of the condition of that rebel Slate of Texas;
and I take this occasion to express my regret,
as far as I can apprehend the nature of the sub-
ject, that the President of the United Statc3
should have thought it his duty to withhold from
Congress the facts for which he was called upon
recently by a resolution. I think it is highly
necessary that Congress and the people should
be fully informed, and that at as early a day as
practicable, of the actual condition, social and
political, of the rebel States, so that in adjust-
ing our legislation in reference to them we may
act with clue regard to their actual condition,
with full light and knowledge of the whole sub-
ject.
But, sir, I did not rise intending to go into
the general subject, but rose more particularly
to say a word in reference to the amendment of
the Constitution abolishing slavery, and to the
true interpretation to be given to it. I happened
to be a member of the Judiciary Committee
at the time this amendment was drafted and
adopted and reported to the Senate. I recol-
lect very distinctly what were the \iews enter-
tained by members of that committee at the
time it was under consideration before them.
And notwithstanding the very vehement stylo
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, in placing a
narrow and utterly ineffectual construction upon
it, 1 take this occasion to say that it was in con-
templation of its friends and advocates to give
to Congress precisely the power over the sub-
ject of slavery and the freedmen which is pro-
posed to be exercised by the bill now under our
consideration.
Tt, was easy to foresee, and of course we fore-
saw, that in case this scheme of emancipation
i was carried out iu the rebel States it would
j encounter the most vehement resistance on the
part of the old slaveholders. It was easy to
■ look far enough into the future to perceive that
I it would be a very unwelcome measure to them,
j and that they would resort to every means in
; their power to prevent what they called tho loss
of their propertv under this amendment. We
could foresee easily enough that they would use,
if they should be permitted to do so by the
General G overn meat, all the powers of the State
governments in restraining and circumscribing
the rights and privileges which are plainly given
by it to the emancipated negro. It I understand
correctly tho interpretation given to tlm article
by th" Senator from Delaware and the Senator
j from Pennsylvania, it is this: that, the sole effect
! of it is to cut and sever the mere legal ligament
i V)v which the person and the service of the slaves
! -was attached to his master, and that beyond this
! particular office the amendment docs not go ;
i that it can have no effect whatever upon the
condition of the emancipated black in any other
' respect. In other words, they hold that it rc-
i lieves him from his so-called legal obligation to
render his personal service to his master with-
out compensation; and there leaves liim, to-
tally, irretrievably! and without any power on
theipart of Congress to look after his well-being
from the moment of this mockery of emancipa-
tion. Sir, such was not the intention of the
friends of this amendment at the time of its
initiation here and at the time of its adoption :
and I undertake to.say,that it is not tho,con-
struction which is given to-k by 'he bar through-
