3488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
under the homestead law or under the preemp-
tion law. If he settles down in good faith as
a telegraphic oDerator to live upon the quarter
section of land, as soon as he shows to the
General Land Office that he has made a home
uport the particular quarter section of land, like
' any other citizen he has a right to preempt it.
Mr. G-BIMES. The land must first be sur-
veyed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But any citizen has a
right to settle upon a piece of land and secure
the right of preemption in advance of the sur-
veys under existing laws. This right will be
secured under existing laws to the operator
who may make his home at the station.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire of the Senator
whether that would not be a personal right per-
taining to the operator; and if he was changed,
wouldit inure to the benefit of the corporation
whose agent and servant he was?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It would be a personal
right to the operator who makes his home upon
the quarter section of land.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the title of the prop-
erty would cease to be in the company or in
the operator either the moment the operator
was discharged from the employment of the
company.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The operator who would
secure the one hundred and sixty acres of land
under the general law would have the right to
sell it, dispose of it, just like any other citizen.
Mr. GRIMES. But he could not dispose of
it until after the Government had surveyed all
these lands, which we have not yet acquired
the title to from the Indians.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a practical
difficulty which will be experienced by any
preemptor, whether it be the corporation or
the individual. Now, if one hundred and
sixty acrcs of land is wanted at a station, it is
either for speculation or for furnishing a home
for the operator. If it is to be a home for the
operator, let him have his home like every
other citizen. Let it be a nucleus, too, for a
settlement. Therefore, I move to strike out
this clause giving the company the right of
preemption. I do not think it has any proper
place in the bill.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of tiie Senator from Indiana. Under the
language of this bill, how much land can a
company take for a station? Does he hold it
to be that it can absolutely take one hundred
and sixty acres, whether necessary for a sta-
tion or not; or is the amount it can take lim-
ited by the necessity, under the language of
the bill ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. All such lawsai'e con-
strued as giving the right to the extent of the
limit in the law itself. If the company pre-
empts one hundred and sixty acres of land,
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
cannot say that less than that is necessary if
the company says it is necessary. The Com-
missioner cannot adjudicate the amount neces-
sary when Congress has said that to that extent
it may be necessary.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That is the point I
wished to come at.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Congress has fixed the
construction by the law itself
Mr. CONNESS. The last telegraph bill
that was passed by Congress was what was
known as the Russian telegraph bill. It will
be remembered that in that bill the amount of
land at each station was cut down to forty
acres. I think that would be fair as a com-
promise in this case. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana by
striking out " one, quarter section" where it
occurs and inserting " forty acres."
Mr. SHERMAN. That will avoid the con-
troversy. '
Mr. HOWARD. That is thirty acres too
much.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw my motion
and let the Senator suggest his amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I make the motion to
strike out "one quarter section" where it
occurs and to insert " forty acrgs."
Mr. HO WA RD. Why not say '1 ten acres ?''
Mr. CONNESS. I have already given the
reason. My purpose is not to destroy this bill,
but to perfect it.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is any use in this
company having any land at all, it is not that
they want every fifteen miles a place for an
operator nor to give an operator any iand.
The operators of the line across this continent
over the public lands would not be perhaps
within three hundred miles of each other; but
every fifteen miles there is to be a watchman
to watch the line and to take care of it. If
the company have the right of giving a man a
homestead, provided he will stay and watch
the line across the public domain, to keep it
from being cut by Indians, and can build him
a little castle there, he can stay and watch and
defend this line. That is the object of having
a quarter section of land. Every citizen, to
be sure, has the right to take that much now,
but you cannot get a citizen away out far from
the settlements to settle on a piece of public
land unless he is protected by a company who
pay him something for it; and if he can have
the additional inducement of having some land
and having the protection of this company, he
can keep the line up. The company have to
pay as much for keeping the line up as for
operating it, and they must have a class of
watchmen whose duty it is to go over the line
from one end to the other and see that it is
perfect. That is the reason why they want
land every fifteen miles. There will not be an
operator in a hundred miles.
Mr. CONNESS. This land would not serve
the purpose the Senator suggests unless the
title of it should remain in the company, be-
cause if it did not, the watchman, as he tesms
him. would take the land when he left and sell
it to whom he pleased. The purpose is to give
a certain amount of land to the company,'where
they may have a location.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a misapprehension
to suppose that anybody can go on the public
lands in advance of survey and get anything he
may sell.
Mr. CONNESS. The watchman may make
a home outside of the forty acres.
Mr. POMEROY. But he cannot sell it un-
til after the land is surveyed. There is no
such thing as a squatter selling a preemption
right.
Mr. CONNESS. There is nothing to hin-
der this man making another location on one
hundred and sixty acres outside of the forty.
Mr. POMEROY. That is true.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be forty acres.
Mr. NYE. I desire to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Kansas whether there is any provision
in this bill that there shall be a watchman
every fifteen miles.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no such provis-
ion in the bill.
Mr. NYE. And no such thing exists across
the plains.
Mr. POMEROY. The line is watched all
the way.
Mr. NYE. It is not watched every fifteen
miles, or every two hundred miles. The way
their lines are watched is this : the telegraph
runs by the stage road, and they have an ar-
rangement by which the men employed on the
stage route see to the line ; but there is no such
thing as a watchman every fifteen miles. I can
show the Senator five hundred miles without
any.
Several Senators. Vote! Vote!
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from California.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate 'adjourn.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall close this
bill. I wish to get up tlie Indian appropriation
bill to-morrow, with the assent of the Senate.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—
ayes eight, noes not counted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This session of Congress
has been characterized to some extent by the
number of propositions for the exercise of
extraordinary powers heretofore conceded to
belong to the States, for the establishment of
railroad companies and propositions to author-
ize companies to construct railroads through
the States, to make canals, to establish a sys-
tem of land speculation ; and now the propo-
sition is that Congress shall undertake to con-
trol the telegraph systen? through the States.
When the bill was read this morning I asked
a friend' sitting near by how Congress came to
be able to pass such a bill as this. His reply
was, "By main strength." I think no other
reply can be given. I admit that Congress may
provide for the construction of lines of telegraph
through the Territories, through the lands that
are under the exclusive control of Congress,
and perhaps authorize the construction of lines
across the navigable streams. I would not stop
to question that; but I cannot comprehend how
it is that Congress can say to a telegraph com-
pany organized under the laws of the State of
Indiana, "You may go into the State of Ohio
and run your lines over any road in the State
of Ohio." I ask the Senator from Ohio what
rightthe Congress oftheUnitedStatesacquires
over a post route. A road is built by the State
authorities in the State of Indiana or the State
of Michigan, a common highway, and Congress
declares that road to be a post route. Does
Congress by that act acquire a right in that
road or a control over it? What is the act of
Congress declaring it a post route? Simply
an authority to the Postmaster General to put
the mail service upon that line, and beyond
that the General Government acquires no
control or power over the road.
Then I want to know how it is that a cor-
poration of one State can be authorized to go
into another State and there exercise its powers
and its franchise. If it can be done in this
case, I cannot see why it may not be exercised
in the other cases proposed before Congress ;
and the friends of the right of the States to
prohibit foreign corporations from exercising
their franchises within their limits might as
well make the fight upon this bill as upon any
other; for if Congress can authorize a tele-
graph company of the State of New York to
pass through Pennsylvania and Ohio and In-
diana and extend its lines over the States ac-
cording to its own pleasure, I cannot see why
Congress cannot authorize a railroad company
of the State of New York to construct a rail-
road in the State of Indiana.
I admit, sir, that a telegraph line does not
make the same impression or occupy the same
space upon the surface of the earth as a rail-
road. It is only the erection of a pole every
here and there along the line and the putting
of a wire upon those poles; it does not occupy
very much space; yet it is a power, and up to
this time the people have- understood that the
permission must be granted by the State. Now,
it is proposed to say that Congress may au-
thorize a corporation of one State to exercise
its powers in another State, with or without
the consent of that State. A corporation is
organized in the State of New York; it goes
to Indiana and proposes to run along our high-
ways. By what right? That corporation tells
us, " We have this right because Congress has
said so." Why is it that Congress may say
so ? Where is the authority for Congress to
say _so? If a corporation of New York shall
go into Indiana and propose to construct a
railroad along the post routes of the State of
Indiana, may the authorities of the State of
Indiana not inquire into the authority, and will
that company not be stopped upon proper pro-
ceedings, and can that company say, "Con-
gress has authorized us to go into the State of
Indiana?"
I do not intend to occupy much time upon
this bill; but if we mean to say that corpora-
tions of States shall not go into other States to
exercise their powers, we had as well say it
upon this bill as upon any other of the prop-
ositions before Congress.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator whether
there ever was a time when corporations of
States did not go into other States with steam-
