1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2529
has repeated here time and time again during
his discourse that the purpose on our part who
sustain the policy of the Administration is to
bring immediately into the Halls of Congress
unwashed, bloody-handed rebels, with their
skirts yet smoking with the blood of our sons.
Mr. President, I hurl back the charge as utterly
unfounded. There is no man here sustaining
the policy of the Administration that has ever
avowed any such doctrine as that. The im-
mediate admission of unwashed rebels I No,
sir, no 1
It has been charged again and again, the
newspaper press has been loaded down with
these infamous falsehoods, for infamous they
are, in charging upon the President or his sup-
porters that it was their purpose to bring into
Congress rebels to rule the Government. It is
utterly false. But what have they contended
fcr? They have contended that Congress
should judge, the Senate for itself, the House
of Representatives for itself, upon the admis-
sion of its members. My friend upon the right
[Mr. Stimxer] smiles as I refer to this argu-
ment. It is an argument which he never has
met and never can meet. I say that the Sen-
ate of the United States under the Constitution
is made the sole judge when a person coming
to its doors sha ll enter or shall not. I say that
the President of the United States has no more
to do with that question than the judges of the
Supreme Court, and I would spurn any attempt
by either President or court to overrule the
Senate in its judgment on that question. Sir,
I put a case not long ago in reference to the
State of Maine; I will call it again to the atten-
tion of the Senate. It is necessary some times
that things be repeated and repeated again and
again. What was the case 1 put? A State
may be interrupted by civil war or foreign war.
If we were engaged with a war with England,
her forces might come down the river St. John,
perhaps, advance into the State of Maine, and
capture a portion of the State, as she once did
in the war of 1812. Suppose she should cap-
ture one of the congressional districts, could
that district elect a member to the House of
Representatives? No, sir. Suppose she should
capture two, could those districts elect mem-
bers to the House of Representatives? Not at
all. Maine has live congressional districts.
If Great Britain should capture all but one,
could that one clect a member to the House
of Representatives? Although foreign war had
overrun four fifths of the State, four of the five
congressional districts, still that one district
would be entitled to its representation in the
Congress of the United States. How would
it be with the Senate? If the enemy should
capture one district or two districts, Maine
could still elect a Legislature; but suppose
she was to capture four of the five districts of
Maine, could Maine elect a Legislature? No,
sir, Maine could not elect a Legislature. If
she could not elect a Legislature, she could
not elect a Senator. Could not the Senate
judge of the fact whether Maine was in a con-
dition to elect a Legislature, whether there
was a Legislature to clcct a Senator, as well
as judge whether the Senator had been elected
according to the forms of law? So, in such a
case as that Maine might be entitled to a Rep-
resentative in the House of Representatives
when she would not be entitled to a Senator
in this body.
Itisjustsowith aeivil commotion or civil war.
A civil war may disturb one district in a State
so that it cannot elect a Representative, and yet
the other districts may. When they had~a
rebellion in Massachusetts long ago, and one
of their congressional districts was overrun,
perhaps it was so disturbed that they could not
elect a member of Congress at that election,
while all the other districts might. So if a
whole State should be overrun by a civil com-
motion, it might not be in a condition to elect
a Legislature at all. Could not the Senate
judge of that ? The Senate has the right to
judge whether there is a Legislature to elect a
Senator, and the supreme judgment is given to
this body, and it does not belong to the other
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 159.
House and it does not belong to the President
and it does not belong to the Supreme Court;
and I would no more regard the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the House than I would regard the
marshal of the Supreme Court or than I would
regard the private secretary of the President
if they should come here to tell us whom we
should admit or whom we should exclude. No,
sir, we by the Constitution are made the
supreme judges of the fact whether Senators
are elected, whether there is a Legislature to
elect thein.
Mr. President, gentlemen have supposed
that on one occasion here they found the Sen-
ate voting that Congress must join in some act
before members could be elected. True, sir;
and when was it? We wore in the midst of the
war, and the question came up whether we
should allow them to elect presidential electors
to take part in the decision of the question of
the Presidency. There was a bill pending here
to organize all the southern States as Terri-
tories ; the bill had passed the other House
under the lead of Mr. Davis, and in this body
was urged by tho Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade.] Mr. Brown, of Missouri, moved as
a substitute for that bill a proposition which
declared that during the insurrection those
States should not elect electors for President
and Vice President; that those States should
not elect members of Congress until there was
a proclamation made by the President in pur-
suance of an act of Congress to that effect; and
it passed without any discussion on that ques-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
nic to ask him a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. Tho Senator yields so sel-
dom that 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On this point I am will-
ing to yield. I am not in any particular argu-
ment just here, and I am willing to bo inter-
rupted.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose to ask tho Sen-
ator if he does not know that upon tho question
of the admission of Louisiana, under the recom-
mendation of President Lincoln, it was never
proposed, either by the President or anybody
else, that the Senators from Louisiana should
enter this body until both Houses, by tho form
of a joint resolution, had first settled the ques-
tion ; and I now ask in more concentrated form
of the honorable Senator whether the then
President of the United States, Mr. Lincoln,
or himself, the honorable Senator, ever pro-
posed to admit the Senators chosen in Louisi-
ana, under that so-called State government, in
any other manner than under the form of a
joint resolution first.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will answer the Sen-
ator. I voted for the resolution, or struggled
for the resolution, in that form, a resolution
that was reported by. the Senator from. Illinois
from the J udiciary Committee.
Mr. CONNESS. And in no other form.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There was no other form
presented; but the Senator from Illinois knows
very well what my opinion was on that subject,
and what his was, that it was not essential to
the power of the body that there should be a
joint resolution; but a joint resolution would
receive the sanction of some members which
the measure could not receive if it was put in
the other form.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I will thank the Sen-
ator for one instant more of time and will not
trouble him again. Did the Senator ever hear
the then President of the United States, Mr-
Lincoln, object to the passage of a joint resolu-
tion declaring Louisiana under that organiza-
tion fit for union with the other States?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. Nor anybody.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Nor did I ever object
to it; and if you will introduce a resolution to-
morrow declaring Tennessee entitled to repre-
sentation I shall not object to it; but at the
same time I do not surrender the power of this
body to judge whether Senators shall come in,
whether the other House agree to it or not.
That is the jioint with mo. Whether we
allow the House of Representatives to say we
shall have Senators in this body from Tennes-
see or not is a mere matter of courtesy toward
the House, not a question of power. I do not
admit their power to control us on the ques-
tion of the admission of members. We have
the right to admit them if we choose to do it,
whether the House join or not; but if a joint
resolution is brought forward now I am per-
fectly free to vote for it. I never stand upon
more forms. It is only when the doctrine is
avowed and urged that this body has not the
power and the jurisdiction over the question,
and when it is sought to gag this body and
bind it hand and foot so that it cannot act upon
the question until it shall receive the assent
of a majority of the House, which maybe con-
trolled by some outside party caucus arrange-
ment under the lead of the member from
Pennsylvania, that I protest. I am not willing
that the Senate of the United Stales should
surrender that jurisdiction which tho Constitu-
tion has vested in it absolutely without appeal
and alone in the Senate. That is the point I
make.
Mr. President, I have not referred to what
the honorable Senator from Nevada brought
forward and made so prominent in his speech
to-day, to wit, my action upon the Frcedmen's
Bureau bill or the civil rights bill. I Ijfive pur-
posely refrained from that for the reason that
when those resohitions, to which [ have already
referred, of the Legislature of Wisconsin shall
be taken up, and f be permitted to speak for
myself and of my own action upon that sub-
ject, I intend to cover tho whole subject at
once and not trespass more than once upon
the attention of the Senate, and therefore I
have put these two questions aside for to-day.
I conclude, sir, by saying, as I said in con-
clusion yesterday, that the amendment now
pending before the Senate is meant for and
intended for nothing else than to declare a want
of confidence in the Administration, to attack
the Administration in that particular thing in
which never in the whole history of the Gov-
ernment has Congress ever sought or attempted
to attack an Administration before.
I object to the amendment, also, for the
other reasons which have been stated, 'and
they have been stated by others so clearly that
I shall not occupy the time of the Senate in
pursuing them further. I have risen simply
to reply to one or two of the charges made
to-day by the Senator from Nevada, namely,
that the Administration had been dcrclictin not
bringing traitors to trial, that the Administra-
tion had been derelict in tho pardoning power;
and to reply, also, to a charge which he made
against me, though I do not think that he in-
tended to charge me with it in an offensive
sense, that I was an advocate of the doctrine
of State rights. I have explained on this occa-
sion to some extent the views which I enter-
tain on that subject.
Mr. SAULSIiURY. Mr. President, it was
my intention to make some remarks in reply
to the kind allusions of the honorable Sena-
tor from Nevada to myself; but I see that he
is not in the Chamber. I am no sportsman.
I am told, however, by sportsmen that while it
is the best mode of shooting a bird to fire when
he is on the wing, I never heard one.say that it
was wise to shoot when the bird was out of
sight; and therefore I shall not trouble the
Senate now, but shall take occasion when I
shall see the Senator present, provided the
occasion is a proper one, to return the compli-
ment which he paid me yesterday.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Michi-
gan will give way I will move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to rny friend
from Michigan. I suppose he desires to ad-
dress the Senate upon political questions.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to address a few
words to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator, as
