THE CONGRESSIONAL (JLOBE.
June 29,
Senator from Ohio why the Government tele-
graphing, which costs from four hundred thou-
sand to five hundred thousand dollars a year,
I have no doubt, should not be let-by contract
like other Government service.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The reason is that there
is nobody to compete.
Mr. NYE. Then why are you legislating
here?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
feom, Nevada.
Mr. SHERMAN called for tlie yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, they
resulted—yeas 14, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Cowan, Doolittle, Guthrie,
Harris* Hendricks. Howard, Morgan, Nye, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Con-
ness, Cragin. Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Howe,
Kirkwood, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
and Williams—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Davis, Dix-
on, Grimes, Henderson, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Laneof Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Poland, Ramsey, "Riddle, Saulsbury, Trumbull,
Wright, and Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
on the question, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown. Conness, Cragin,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Harris, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Wade,
and Williams—i6.
NAY S—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Cowan, Doolittle,
Guthrie,Hendricks, Howard, Morgan, Nye, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Davis, Dix-
on, Grimes. Henderson, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Poland, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Trumbull,
Wright, and Yates—20.
So the bill was passed.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions:
A bill (II. R. No. 739) for the relief of
Lemantha Rader;
A bill (H. R. No. 740) for the relief of
Matilda J. Monroe;
A bill (II. R. No. 741) granting pension to
Jonathan W. Beach;
A bill (II. Ii. No. 742) for the relief of the
minor children of Salvador Accadi, deceased;
A bill (II. Ii. No. 743) amendatory of an act
entitled :' An act granting a pension to Mrs.
Ernerance Goulerand
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 179) for the
relief of Edgar T. Harris.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, merely for the
purpose of leaving it as the unfinished business
for to-morrow, to take up the Indian appropri-
ation bill. I hope to get through with it to-
morrow.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move, to take up House
bill No. 013, the Freedmen's Bureau bill, which
came from the House to-day, for tlie appoint-
ment, of a committee of conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we had better
adjourn and attend to that in the morning. I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 29, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntoit.
The Journal of yesterday was read and.
approved.
william g. lee.
Mr. McKEE. I ask unanimous consent to
discharge the Committee of the Whole House
from the further consideration of House bill
No. 629, for the benefit of William G. Lee, in
order that it inivyi>e considered at this time.
Mr. HALE. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to William G. Lee,? or
his legal representatives, $28,428 50, which Itjm
is to be in full payment of his claim against the
United States on account of corn purchased
by him in the department of Kentucky, as the
agent of the quartermaster's department, un-
der the agreement made by him with Captain
John A. Morris, in 1864, and which-corn spoiled
on his hands by reason of the Government
failing to furnish transportation.
The motion to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the consideration of the bill
was agreed to.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time. .
Mr. McKEE. I do not desire to say any-
thing in reference to this bill unless some gen-
tleman desires some explanation. A report, a
very long one, setting forth all the facts, accom-
panies the bill. The case is simply one of a
contract with an agent of the Government.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask.that the,report be
read. .
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 think it must be ap-
parent to the House that this being a claim
under a contract with the Government ought
properly to go to the Court of Claims. For
the consideration of precisely such cases the
Court of Claims was established.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. McKEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, you have
done me the honor to appoint me a member
of the committee of conference on the inter-
nal revenue bill. I expect to be busily engaged
for some days upon the tariff bill; ana with
this and my other engagements my time will
be fully occapied. I therefore ask to be ex-
cused from service on that conference com-
mittee.
There being no objection, Mr. Morrill was
excused.
. IOWA AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution, to which I think
there will be no objection. Let it be read for
information.
The Clerk read the resolution. It provides
that the time for completing the Agricultural
College of the State of Iowa, in accordance with
the provisions of the act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts, approved July 2, 1862,
be extended for the period of one year.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I have only to
say that a committee of the trustees of this in-
stitution have requested that an act of this kind
may.be passed, as the work on the college is
in progress, but not yet completed.
Mr. HALE. I desire to inquire whether
this has not already been provided for in a
general bill.
Mr. KASSON. I had supposed that such
was the fact; but on an examination of the
bill I do not find it to cover this case.
Mr. GRINNELL. Some time since I was
addressed in regard to this matter. I then
examined the bill on this subject passed about
two months ago, on the recommendation of the
Committee on Agriculture. I found that that
bill covers the case.
Mr. KASSON. I was under the impression
that, such was not the fact; but I will make a
reexamination, meanwhile vfithdrawing the bill
for the present.  
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1867, and
for other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that this bill be
made a special order for next Tuesday imme-
diately after the morning hour, and from day
to day until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that an additional
hour be assigned to the Committee on Public
Lands to-morrow for the special consideration
of Senate bill No. 343, to quiet land titles in
California, which was referred to in the debates
on yesterday. It will be impossible to con-
sider that question unless the leave I ask for
be granted, unless we withhold action on all
other matters before us, which would be wrong.
I therefore ask for an additional hour on that
matter affecting the interests of California so
deeply.
Mr. PIKE objected.
NATIONAL BUREAU OF INSURANCE.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill
for the creation of a national Bureau of Insur-
ance ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, .and recommitted.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF WAR OF 1812.
Mr. HALE called for the regular order of
-business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business was the consideration of the unfinished
business of the morning hour of Friday last,
being an adverse report from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions on House bill No. 168,
granting pensions to soldiers of the war of 1812
with Great Britain, on which the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Periiam] was entitled to
the floor for thirty-six minutes.
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Speaker, at the close
of the morning hour last Friday I had nearly
concluded what I had to say on this question.
I had shown, in answer to an inquiry then put
to me in regard to the probable expense of
paying the pensions proposed, that it would in
all possibility be not less than $10,000,000per
annum; and that this proposes to go back some-
thing more than a year, so that for the first year
the expense would be more than $20,000,000.
It is, as I have said, impossible to say how
much it would be in the aggregate. We are
now paying the last of the pensioners of the
revolutionary war eighty-three years after the
close of that war; that is about fifty-two years
after the time of granting pensions generally
to the soldiers of the revolutionary war. We
have, then, probably about thirty years more
in which we would be paying these soldiers
of the war of 1812, if this bill be passed. At
an average of five millions a year you would
have $150,000,000, which would be the total
outlay under this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will say, in behalf of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, that we
have had this subject of pensions under con-
sideration for a long time. We have had ap-
plications for pensions in all forms before us,
of destitute women, helpless children, in all
conditions of suffering; all presenting their
claims to us ; and I think no member of this
House can feel a deeper sympathy for this class
of persons than we do, and none would be
more willing to grant pensions to these soldiers
than we are could the committee satisfy them-
selves the country was in a condition now to
meet this expenditure. The truth is, we have
other claims to pensions which we have not
yet met, although we have extended the pro-
visions of the pension laws by acts already
