1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
shall prevail? It is nothing in the world buj
undertaking to say beforehand how the sense
of the body shall be made known. It is not
the individual elector who elects; it is the Le-
gislature as a body, and therefore it matters not
what their individual sentiments are, whether
they love a mail or hate him; whether they de-
sire him or not. What it is necessary for them
to do is, that when they speak out as one body
the voice that does speak according to parlia-
mentary usage shall say what is their choice.
But, Mr. President, in 1794 an incident hap-
pened of a peculiar character. It appeared on
the 12th of November, 1794, that there was
some mistake in the ballots cast in the election
of secretary of state:
" It appeared that one more ballot had been given
in the whole number of ballots than members pres-
ent in tho joint meeting. On the tiuei-tion, whether
the election on thai Recount, be considered as void,
it was carried in the negative. On the question
whether the joint meeting will investigate the mis-
take by again taking the ballots, it was carried in
the affirmative."
On the 20tli of November, 1794, the joint
meeting adopted the first rules and orders that
, were ever adopted in the Stale of Ne"w Jersey
for the government of the joint meeting of the
Legislature, and that was done because of the
mistake which had- been "made a few days be-
fore and which there was no rule to provide
for. The Senate makes rules 1'or itself; the
Assembly makes rules for itself; but neither
the rules of the Senate nor the rules of the
Assembly can govern the joint meeting, be-
cause the .joint meeting is neither the Senate
nor the Assembly. If there are no rules, there
will be anarchy; and when anarchy was threat-
ened by the happening of a mistake which
there were no rules to correct, the wisdom of
those who composed that Legislature induced
them to adopt, rules, and those rules are the
rules which are referred to in the report of the
committee, which were adopted in 1794. From
that time on there never has been a joint
meeting in the State of New Jersey that has
not ^adopted rules for its own government.
Lpoti this point, iu order that 1 may be
distinctly apprehended, 1 beg leave to admit
most clearly and emphatically, because it is
a fact, that 1 have found no resolution de-
claring specifically the number of votes which
should he required as necessary to a choice
until 185L There were resolutions in reference
to everything else, but nothing in regard to the
number of voices necessary to constitute an
election. What, then, was the number of voices
necessary ? Necessarily, by parliamentary law,
a deliberative body is controlled by the major-
ity where there is no other rule prescribed.
In lH->], hoivevei, the Legislature of New Jer-
sey established a precedent which, according
to the gentleman's own argument, must cover
the case. In 1851 the Legislature of New Jer-
sey being called upon to elect a Senator, the
joint meeting when it first assembled passed a
resolution declaring that it should require a
majority of all the members elected to the two
Houses of the Legislature to elect a Senator
in Congress. Under that resolution various
ballots were had, and the joint meeting ad-
journed on several occasions, not being able
to elect a Senator. Finally, a gentleman pro-
posed a resolution rescinding that rule and de-
claring that a majority of those voting should
be sufficient to elect. That resolution was
adopted, and a gentlemen was declared elected
Oil the same vote which ho had had for, per-
haps, eighteen or twenty ballots before. He
was elected, receiving 39 votes, while I had 40
votes, and yet lie took his seat in the Senate
unquestioned, and remained here until he re-
signed.
Now, Mr. President, as a matter of prece-
dent, if gentlemen be right that the whole point
in this case is that the joint meeting had not
the power to adopt a rule of this character, the
case to which I have just referred is a direct
precedent against them, because the rule ori-
ginally adopted there required more than a
majority of a quorum, and therefore that was a
rule which they could not adopt according to
the gentlemen's argument, not being the natu-
ral rule; and then they rescinded that rule
simply by a major vote, and adopted one per-
mitting a majority of those, voting to elect,
thereby having a rule which was as much at
variance from tlie principle that "the Legisla-
ture" must bo a majority of all those elected
as the rule adopted in my case. If "the Legis-
lature" must choose by a majority of all those
elected to it, all the State laws which permitted
a majority of a quorum to elect are unconsti-
tutional. If a majority of the Legislature is
required, if they must vote as individuals, a
majority of a quorum of the body, according
to the argument of these gentlemen, does not
fulfill the requisition. According to my argu-
ment it does, for a majority of a quorum of
this Senate is, as I say, the Senate; it matters
not who the individuals are, or how they vote,
or how many are here, if the number is a quo-
rum it is the voice of the whole Senate.
Mr. CLARK. "Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him? I do not understand that
anybody on this side has contended that a
majority of all the members elected is required,
whether they are present or not. We contend
for the common hnv and the parliamentary
law, that a majority of those present is re-
quired.
Mr. STOCKTON. I did not understand the
gentleman, nor did I understand any gentle-
man on that side of the House, to take that
position; but, I alluded to the fact that both in
my case and in the case of the Senator elected
in New Jersey in 1851, the first rule adopted
was a rule requiring a majority of all the mem-
bers elected, and 1 desired to show that if a
majority of a quorum was sufficient, and it,
was also admitted that that first rule could be
adopted, then it had to bo admitted that tho
latter rule could be adopted, for one is as much
a violation of the principle laid down as the
other.
_ But,_ Mr. President, I have occupied t]je
time of the Senate much longer than I intended.
I rose simply to call the attention of tho distin-
guished Senator irom Maine to the view to
which he held in Harlan's case, and which I
must say led mc to believe that the weight
of his great name and talents would be given
ill favor of the legality of this election. 1 sup-
pose I must have misapprehended .either the
view he takes now or the one he took in Har-
lan's case ; but it does seem to me that if that
gentleman will read this argument carefully
again he will see that the two pqsitions are
inconsistent.
Mr.CLARK. I want to inquire of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, before he sits down,
whether he has cited all those passages from
the constitution of New Jersey'which refer to
the Legislature in joint convention, or which
declare tho joint meeting to be the Legislature,
i understood him to say that tho constitution
declared the joint meeting to be the Legislature.
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. Will he be kind enough to
refer me to that passage ?
Mr. STOCKTON. The constitution of New
Jersey speaks of "the Legislature in joint
meeting."
Mr. CLARK. Exactly ; but I want to know
of him if that is the only passage.
Mr. STOCKTON. There are two, but I will
refer the gentleman also to the Constitutional
Convention Record, page 150:
Mr. Ewinor moved to amend tho amendment by
striking out Legislature' and inserting ' joint rneet-
■* "Mr. Hornblower moved
to amend by inserting; before 'joint meeting' the
words Legislature in.'
Mr. ,CLARK. I understood that when the
Senator referred to it before. I simply inquire
if there are any other passages than those which
he has read which declare that the joint meet-
ing is the Legislature?
Mr. STOCKTON. I know of none other.
Mr. JOiilNSON. Please read from the
journal of the constitutional convention.
^ STOCKTON, This is the journal, page
"Mr. Ewinc moved to amend the amendment by
striking out 'Legislature' and inserting 'joint meet-
ing,'"
This was on the consideration of the clauses
to which I referred the Senate in our constitu-
tion. I cite this to show that these distinguished
men used these very words for the purpose of
avoiding the difficulty which is now made here.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will permit
me to ask how the constitution itself reads.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will turn to it. Article
four, section five, clause one:
"No member of the Senate or General Assembly
shall, during the time for which he was elected, be
nominated or appointed by the Governor, or by the
Legislature in joint meeting to any civil office under
the authority of this State, which shall have been
created or the emoluments whereof shall have been
increased during such time."
This was the clause under consideration when
the amendment was moved.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that the only clause on
that point?
Mr. STOCKTON. No, sir; there is another
one; clause twelve of article five:
" When a vacancy happens during tho recess of tho
Legislature in any office which is to be filled by tho
Governor and Senate, or by the Legislatui e in joint
meeting, the Governor shall fill such vacancy."
The constitution does not expressly declare
in so many words that the Legislature when in
joint meeting is the Legislature; but it speaks
of it in these clauses as "the Legislature in
joint meeting.Now, I refer to the journal
of the constitutional convention to show that
the clause as first reported was " Legislature,"
that then "Legislature" was stricken out and
"joint meeting" inserted, and then on motion
of one of our ablest jurists the two were joined
together; the clause was made to read as it
now stands, '! by the Legislature in joint meet-
ing. '' _ That amendment was made to the clause
in which the power to electofficers is regulated
by the constitution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like the Sen-
ator to state precisely the question before the
convention if he can, from the proceedings
which he has read. At the time this amend-
ment was offered and voted upon, what was
the clause of the constitution then pending?
Mr. STOCKTON. It was one of the two
clauses which I have just read.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does not the proceed-
ing itself show the clause in precise words that
was then pending? Please read it from the
proceedings.
Mr. STOCKTON. The proceedings do not
show with a great deal of detail, because this
is the report of a committee to tho constitu-
tional convention and not engaged in making
various amendments. I will hand the book to
the Senator and he can examine it for himself.
It would require too much time for me to trace
the history-of it now.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey whether the constitu-
tion of New Jersey provides for a joint meet-
ing of the Legislature foranything but the elec-
tion of officers?
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not know that it
does.- I am not aware that it does.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, having con-
curred in the report of the Judiciary Commit-
tee on the question now before the Senate,
having done so without any doubt that the con-
clusion to which the committee came was cor-
rect, I think it my duty to state very briefly the
reasons which led me to that opinion.
_lhe conclusion of the report, as the Senate
will have seen, places the validity of the elec-
tion on tho ground that it was in pursuance of
a rule established by the joint meeting by which
the election was held. The report, however,
also says that it might bo rested upon the fact
that by the constitution of New Jerscv the
Legislature of the State when in joint meeting
was considered as the Legislature of New Jer-
sey; that is to say, the joint meeting composed
of the members of both Houses was to be con-
sidered as the Legislature of New Jersey. Now,
a word upon the first point before I proceed to
examine the second.
The honorable member from Maine is right in
