1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is uniformity with a
vengeance; but that is not the uniformity which
the Constitution renders necessary, if I under-
stand it. One or two of my friends on this
side of the Chamber who have spoken seem to
suppose that this citizenship cannot be obtained
through the legislation of Congress. I enter-
tain a different opinion. The clause in the Con-
stitution to which reference has been made—
one of the provisions of the eighth section of
the first article—gives to Congress the right to
establish uniform laws of naturalization ; and
the view taken of the effect of that clause, con-
sidered connection with the whole Constitu?
lion, is thai they cannot become citizens in any
other way. That is not true._ How did the
residents of Louisiana at the time of the ces-
sion in 1803, and the residents of Florida at
the time of the cession of 1819, become citizens
of the United States? It was by treaty. The
treaties in those cases provided that all the in-
habitants of the ceded territory should bo enti-
tled m the United States to the same privileges,
immunities, and rights that belonged to the
citizens of the United States. No naturaliza-
tion was ever supposed to be necessary in those
cases, and none of those inhabitants have since
applied for naturalization: and tliey have been
in the courts time after time and recognized as
citizens.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator whether that was not done by
treaty; whether it can be done in any other way
except according to some uniform rule which is
to operate equally upon all people?
Mr. JOHNSON. That rule in relation to
Louisiana could not be considered uniform, be-
cause it did not provide in relation to all Ter-
ritories afterward to be acquired; it only cov-
ered that ease. That, however, is a question
which I am not now discussing. I understood
the argument to be that the only way in which
a person born abroad could become a citizen
of the United States was through the naturali-
zation power, so to speak; that Congress must
exercise by legislation the power conferred
upon that body of establishing a uniform rule
of naturalization. Now, in the case which _ I
have stated, as I suppose my friend will admit,
it was done not by that means, but by the treaty -
■ making power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator mean
to say that we acquired Texas by treaty ? Did
we acquire Texas byjtreuty, and make its citi-
zens citizens of the United States by treaty.'
Mr. JOHNSON._ I did n'ot say so. I said
Louisiana and Florida, not Texas.
Mr. THUMBULL. i thought the Senator
included Texas.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir, I did not refer to
Texas. It was proposed at one time to acquire
Texas by treaty, but it was subsequently an-
nexed by joint resolution of the two Houses.
That establishes the precedent which I was
about to suppose might be established under
the Constitution. The citizens of lexas, who
of course were aliens, it has never been doubted
became citizens of the United States by the an-
nexation of Texas; and that was not done by
treaty, it was done by legislation. If the power
was in Congress by legislation to make citizens
of all the inhabitants of the State of Texas, why
is it not in the power of Congress to make citi-
zens by legislation of all who arc inhabitants
of the United States and who are not citizens?
That is what this bill does, or what it proposes
to do. There are within the United States mil-
lions of people who are not citizens, according
to the view of the Supreme Court of the United
States. Ought they to be citizens? I think
they ought. I think it is an anomaly that says
there shall not bo the rights of citizenship to any
of the inhabitants of any State of the United
States. .
While thev were slaves it was a very ditlerent
question ; but now, when slavery is terminated,
and by terminating it you have got rid of the
only obstacle in the way of citizenship,_ two_
questions arise: First, whether that fact itself
does not make them citizens ? Before they were
not cilizcus, bccausc ot slavery, and only be-
cause of slavery. Slavery abolished, why are
they not just as much citizens as they would
have been if slavery had never existed? My
opinion is that they become citizcna, and I hold
that opinion so strongly that I should consider
it unnecessary to legislate on the subject at all
as far as that class is concerned, but for the
ruling of the Supreme Court to which I have
adverted. They held that the Constitution of
the United States in no part of it in which the
word citizen was used was intended to embrace
the African; or to state it still more strongly,
but not more strongly than the court stated it,
they held that, looking to the contemporaneous
history and to the contemporaneous legislation
of the several States at the time the Constitution
was adopted, the use of the word "citizen" as
employed in that Constitution was to exclude
the African.
Mr. COWAN. And every other race but the
white.
Mr. JOHNSON. Every race but the white—
to exclude the African. That decision stands
unreversed. Nobody can say that it will be re-
versed. It is the decision of the highest court
to which we are bound to submit with all proper
deference, not binding upon us perhaps as legis-
lating in very many particulars; but still, after
such a decision has been pronounced, it is our
duty, as I think, to avoid its results if we think
that decision in the present state of the country
would produce mischievous results, by provid-
ing that these people, notwithstanding their
African descent, shall be citizens of the United
States now that they are free.
As to the propriety of jiassing the bill itself,
that is another question. I do not propose now,
nor perhaps at any time, to trouble the Senate
with, any remarks upon the question of the pro-
priety of the passage of the bill. According to
my views, which I may or may not explain, if
there shall be time at some future period in the
session, I think we have not the power to pass
this bill; but conceding that the power exists,
wdiat 1 desire, as I hope 1 shall ever desire, is
that the Senators who think they have the
power to pass the bill should make it as accep-
table and as free from doubt as-tlieir wisdom
will allow them to do.
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Mr. COWAN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. I hope my l'rieudfrom Kentucky
will acquiesce in that motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLK. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator to allow me to offer some papers before that
motion is put. ["Oh, no.'"J
Mr. COWAN. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 30, 1806.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
[EQUALIZATION OP BOUNTIES.
Mr. IvARSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Iowa, touching the equalization of
bounties of soldiers; which were referred to the
Cominiilee on Military Ahairs, and ordered to
be printed.
I Mr. URINNELL, by unanimous consent,
; presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Iowa, in favor of granting to the
! Thirty-seventh (" Ca^-beat'ds'' } regiment of
I Iowa volunteers the .same bounties which have
been granted to other regiments: ^ which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and* ordered to bo printed.
JIUI, MUTE IN IOWA.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Iowa, for the establishment ot a
mail route in that State; which were reteried
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Eoads, and ordered to be printed.
1vebel pirate shenandoah.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message of the
President, of the United States, with accompa-
nying papers:
To the House of Representatives:
In answer to a resolution- of the House of
Representatives of the 8th instant, asking for
information in regard to the surrender of the
rebel pirate vessel called the Shenandoah, I
transmit a report from the Acting Secretary
of State, to whom the resolution was referred.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 26, 1866.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to refer the mes-
sage, with accompanying documents, to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and that the
same be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENLISTMENT 05' HUNDRED DAYS MEN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting the report
of the Provost Marshal General in regard to
the enlistment of hundred days men, and all
orders in relation thereto, in response to a res-
olution ofthe House of January 2o, I860; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
pay department op the navy.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to provide for the
better organization of the pay department of
the Navy ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
privileges of the floor.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered, William
liver-', (i. It. Kyle, and James II. Johnson, from tho
State of Arkansas, be invited to occupy scats in the
llall of the House ot Representatives.
Mr. DELANO. My object is not to make
any remarks upon tho resolution 1 have of-
fered, but simply to extend to the gentlemen
from Arkansas the same courtesy that lias been
extended to the gentlemen from Tennessee.
Mr. KELLEY. Is this resolution now sub-
ject to debate?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unani-
mous consent. The House is nowacting under
the previous question, which was seconded on
yesterday.
Mr. KASSON. Would it be in order for me
to inquire of the mover of this resolution if
these gentlemen are and have been loyal?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
at this time.
The question was upon agreeing to the res-
olution, and there were—ayes 53, noes 68.
Mr. DELANO. I askforthe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 04, nays 94, not
voting 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bergen, Boycr, Brooks,
wold, ilale, Aaion iiardulK, ltayes^Xill.lIo'jaii.Cties-
tei 1).iiuljbard, Ldwm N. llubbcll,J.une.slt.Iluobcll,
James M. Humphrey, Johnsou, Kassoii, Kcir, Kuy-
kendall, Latham, Georo;c\ .Lawrence, LoLiond, Mar-
shall, MeCulloudi, Miller, ^lblack, -Nicholson. Is o ell,
Ortti, PuoHj,", lladl'oul, Painucl J. lvandalL \\ illnim
^XA YS—ilessrs. Alley, AUrson, Ames, DelosR. Ash-
* ' Baker, Baldwin, Bavik^, Bar-
(rariictd, Aonci naiaiutr. ji.iu,
Hooper, JIotelikis«, Asahcl AV. Hubbard, John H.
Hubb;ird,llulbuvd, luscr^oU, Jenckes,Keiky,Ketch-
am Laflin, "William Luwreiu-c, Loan, lionSJ'oar,
Lvuch, MrOtui'K. JWnilne, MeKee, ILltuer, Mcrcur,
Moorhead, Mornll, .Morris, Moulton. Myers, Newell,
O'Xcill, Paine, l\uter-ofi, l'crham, PikeJPlants,
Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. Iliee, John H.^lueo,
Rollins ~
ing, Slaia*,
y. Price, Alexander H. Alice, joau xi.
Sawyer. Schenck, Shcllabarwr, Sloan. SraM-
w, Sicvcns, Thayer, Francis Ihomas, ^hnL.
