2,582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
May 10^
considered, and we should prepare to tafce iit on th e
ground of existing rights, subject only the lawful
test of individual fitness. To talk of wholesale and
almost indiscriminate punishment as. a preliminary
measure, to call for concessions implying the relation
of supplicants petitioning for favors instead of citi-
zens insisting upon their rights, to demand a con-
fession of inferiority with one breath, while with
another admitting the existence of constitutional
equality, is to aggravate feelings already much too
bitter, and to multiply difficulties which the joint
committee have thus far vainly endeavored to over-
come."
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the measure
before the House presents a basis upon which
it is proposed the insurgent States shall be
restored to the Union. It is, therefore, the
most important question which can be pre-
sented to the House or to the country. It
deserves the most mature consideration. I
should have been glad if a more general and
thorough discussion of the subject could have
been had on these particular measures, but the
House has decided otherwise. I desire to make
a few suggestions as briefly as possible, chiefly
in reference to what has been said by other
gentlemen who have addressed the House. It
is my belief that reorganization of govern-
ments in the insurgent States can be secured
only by measures which will work a change in
the basis of political society. I do not think
this can be done by theoretical constitutional
or statutory provisions. Anything that leaves
the basis of political society in the southern
States untouched leaves the enemy ia condi-
tion to renew the war at his pleasure, and
gives him absolute power to destroy the Gov-
ernment whenever he chooses. Therefore,
sir, no proposition meets my entire approval
that does not propose a radical change in the
basis of political society in these States ; but
I do not, of course, expect the House to adopt
my opinions, nor do I ask that they shall be
embodied in these propositions which may be
adopted.
There are two methods by which the change
I propose can be made: one by extending the
elective franchise to the negro ; the other by
restrictions upon the political power of those
heretofore invested with the elective franchise,
a part of whom are loyal and a part of whom
are disloyal; a part of whom are friends and a
part of whom are enemies.
I have no doubt that the Government of the
United States has full power to extend the elect-
ive franchise to the colored population of the
insurgent States. I mean authority ; I said
power. 1 have no doubt that the Government
of the United States has authority to do this
under the Constitution; but I do not think they
have the power. The distinction I make be-
tween authority and power is this: we have, in
the nature of our Government, the right to do
it: but the public opinion of the country is such
at this precise moment as to make it impossi-
ble we should do it. It was therefore most
wise on the part of the committee on recon-
struction to waive this matter in deference to
public opinion. The situation of opinion in
these States compels us to look to other means
to protect, the Government, against the enemy.
The other has reference, of course, to the
disfranchisement of those who are or may be
considered public enemies. In regard to that
section of the amendment relating to repre-
sentation, I have this to say: while it is entirely
equitable, and does not admit of question on
that score from any quarter whatever, yet I do
not think it will exert any controlling influence
upon the political character of those States, it
reduces the representation of the insurgent
States some fifteen members. The reduction is
not of paramount importance, whether they have
more or less members, however loyal they might
be. It is but just that they should be restricted
to a fair share of representative power. But
they do not seek to govern by opinion. They
do not rely on ideas for success. They govern
by force. Their philosophy is force. Their
tradition is force. Whether they befew or many,
they will have power whenever they arerestored
here. While, therefore, sir, I accord cheerfully
with the proposition, it does not meet the emer-
gency presented at this time.
The third proposition is one which disfran-
chises the enemies of the country. I approve
that. I think it right in principle. I think it
necessary at this time. If I had any opinion
to express I should say to the gentlemen of the
House that it is impossible to organize a gov-
ernment in the insurgent States and have the
enemies of the country in possession of polit-
ical power in whole or in part, in the local
governments or in representation here.
It does not change the result, in my opinion,
if you couple with this the franchise of the
negro. Certainly it will be much better, if
rebels are allowed to vote, that the privilege
should be extended to the colored people. I
propose, so far as I am concerned, to lose no
opportunity to impress upon the country the
necessity for the extension of suffrage to the
colored men.inthe best and most effective way
possible. But that question is not now pre-
sented.
Now, sir, what are the objections to the%dis-
franchisement of the enemies of the country?
And in speaking of them I mean those who
organized and sustained rebellion against the
Government of the United States forfive years;
who contemplated it for thirty years j who are
ready now, not as friends, but as enemies of
the Government, to accept whatever share of
power may be accorded to them in a Govern-
ment where the people have the entire power
to do that which seems to them right and just.
An enemy to the Government, a man who avows
himself an enemy of its policy and measures,
who has made war against the Government,
would not seem to have any absolute right to
share political power equally with other men
who have never been otherwise than friends of
the Government. That proposition would seem
to recommend itself to the judgment of every
man.
But it is said that there are ccrtain practical
difficulties in this matter which ought to con-
trol our judgment. It was intimated the other
day that there had been some understanding
when the enemies of the country laid down
their arms that they were to return to power;
an implication, if not an agreement, that we
are to restore them to their full status as citi-
zens of the United States, with local and rep-
resentative power.
Now, sir, I do not agree to that at all. I
think they had the most distinct information
possible given from every department of the
Government, by all its officers under all cir-
cumstances, that they were not to claim or re-
ceive political recognition or the recognition of
political power. They surrendered because, as
they say, they were beaten. They could not or
did not choose to continue the fight any longer,
and they laid down their arms, as I believe,
with the conviction that it was impossible for
them to prosecute the war any further.
The measures adopted by the Government
at the time of the surrender show exactly its
determination, which the enemy could not
misunderstand. General Johnston of the rebel
army proposed a treaty with the army of the
Union in which it was stipulated that the
rebels would lay down their arms on condition
that the rebel State governments should be
recognized, the Supreme Court deciding where
conflicting governments existed, and that the
people should be guarantied their political
rights and franchises as well as the rights of
person and property. This was summarily
rejected by the Government. President Lin-
coln, when applied to by General Grant for
instructions, sent a dispatcii written by his own
hand, with the approval of President Johnson,
directing General Grant to have no communi-
cation with General Lee unless for the capitu-
lation of his army, and not to decide, discuss,
or confer upon any political question. Cer-
tainly those officers who treated with General
Grant could not have had any expectation of
that kind.
The terms of surrender to General Grant
were that the rebels were to return to their
homes, not to be distui-bed so long as they
observed their parole and the laws in force
where they resided. The Attorney General
decided that they had no right to return to the
places where they resided before the war within
the loyal States, and that to wear the rebel
uniform was a violation of their parole and a
fresh act of rebellion.
President Lincoln, as late as March, 186b,
in a proclamation in which he referred to a
bill passed by both Houses of Congress, de- .
clared that while he did not assent to all its pro-
visions, he should be governed by its condi-
tions in any settlement that he should undertake
with the insurgent States. One of these con-
ditions was that the mass of rebel leaders,
civil and military, were to be forever excluded
from political power. President Johnson, in
his proclamation of May 29, I860, which, I
think I may say here, what I have said else-
where at all times, presents a plan of settle-
ment that would be entirely satisfactory to the
country, and enable us to reorganize these gov-
ernments immediately without detriment or
danger—President Johnson, in his proclama-
tion of amnesty of the 29th of May, 1865, de-
clares that all persons in military or naval
custody, as prisoners of war, including, of
course, all the paroled officers and soldiers of
the rebel army, were excepted from the act of
amnesty and pardon. The proclamation enu-
merates thirteen or fourteen distinct classes of
rebels, embracing nearly all the influential
people of the rebel States, who were excepted
from the benefits of that proclamation. These
facts show that there is no ground for the sup-
position that the surrender of the rebels pro-
ceeded from any just expectation of being
restored to power in the Government. And,
so far as the President is concerned, his proc-
lamation gives evidence that it was not his
intention, even some months after the surren-
der, to receive them or recognize them as the
representatives of political power.
It is said that the acts of pardon granted
in individual cases, or the general charter of
amnesty and pardon of the 29th of May,
changes in some measure the political rela-
tion of the public enemies to the Government
itself. I do not think so. A pardon does not
confer or restore political power. A general
act of amnesty differs from an individual par-
don only in the fact that it applies to a class
of offenders who cannot be individually de-
scribed. It secures hmnunit}'from punishment
or prosecution by obliterating all remembrance
of the offense. But it confers or restores no
one to political power. On the contrary, the
general charter of amnesty, even if authorized
by Congress, as it maybe said to have been by
the act of July, 18C2, contains conditions and
limitations of purpose which excludes any idea
of*restoring political power to public enemies
who might be affected by its provisions. Am-
nesty and pardon are granted to all persons
not in the excepted classes, '1 with restoration
to rights of property" in cases where legal
proceedings had not been instituted for its
confiscation. So far as the charter of amnesty
and pardon is concerned, by its own conditions
and terms, by its express terms, all idea of
extending to them-political privileges or power
is excluded.
But, sir, the effect of a pardon deserves to
be a little more carefully considered. A par-
don restores a criminal when pardoned to all
the rights that can be conferred upon him by
the authority granting the pardon. That is
all. If the President of the United States, in
addition to the authority to pardon which he
has, had also the power to invest those people
with political rights and he expressed it in
his pardon, then they would not only be free
from prosecution, but be invested with polit-
ical rights; but the President has no such
power. He has the simple power of pardon.
The power of declaring who shall exercise
the franchise is in the first instance conferred
upon the States by the first article of the Con-
stitution ; and in the second instance, by the
provision conferring the right to judge of the
election of its members, on the Congress of
the United States, and without their concur-
