8492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
the Committee - on Pensions were reluctant to
agree to that; I suppose they wanted to save
all the money they eould. For that reason I
have modified it so as to make it ten dollars a
month.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I most heartily concur
in the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I regret very much
to have to differ with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions [Mr. Pejrham] and
with that committee oil this subject. I am free
to say that the labors of that committee thus far
during this session have been most successful.
And so far as they in their judgment have seen
proper to go in the extension of pensions, I
think their course- has been highly commend-
able, and that the country will fully sustain
them. And I think that the increase of two
dollars per month, as called for by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] is demanded by the country,
and will be met by the people with hearty com-
mendation. I know that the committee have
had to contend with great difficulties in the
investigation of this question. They have had
to contend against a heavy expenditure, while
at the same time they have had to endeavor to
meet tho wants of those claiming pensions and
the demands of the people. And yet I am
satisfied the public sentiment of this country
will sustain the committee and will sustain
Congress in the adoption of the increased rate
of pension proposed by the amendment of the
gentleman from "Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
_ Now one word in regard to the main propo-
sition before the House, that is, the extension
of pensions to the soldiers of 1812; not indis-
criminately, not to all the soldiers of 1812, but
only to the indigent soldiers, and the indigent
widows of the soldiers of 1812. Now, I appeal
to the chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions [Mr. Periiam] to say whether that
proposition does not reach his sympathies, and
also his judgment. And I appeal to him to say
whether there is not some mistake in regard to
the conclusion at which he arrives, when ho
tells us that the number of these soldiers and
widows will amount to one hundred and fifty
thousand.
Mr. PERHAM. I suppose I might as well
answer the gentleman here as at any other
time, and also resume the floor, if the gentle-
man is through with what he desires to sav.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Not quite.
Mr. PERHAM. I cannot yield for much
further debate, as I desire to have this subject
disposed of soon. In regard to the estimate to
which the gentleman refers, I will say that if
any bill of this kind should be passed, the gen-
tleman will find that the estimate is under rather
than above what it should be. I have not the
least doubt about it.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Now to the point. I
will refer, by way of illustration, to the city of
Baltimore, where I undertake to say there are
now more indigent soldiers and indigent wid-
ows of soldiers of 1812 than in any other like
population in this country. It was there that
the old flag of the Republic ha'd to be sus-
tained and was sustained in the war of 1812.
It was there that tho British lion attempted
with all his force and power to trail that flag in
the dust. A short time since the city of Bal-
timore adopted a provision giving pensions to
the indigent soldiers and the indigent widows
of soldiers of the war of 1812; and there were
found only five hundred persons who were able
to take advantage of that provision. Now,
apply that to al) the United States, assuming
that there are twenty million people, among
whom can be found some of these soldiers of
1812, and at the rate of proportion shown by
the cit.y of Baltimore, there would not be fifty
thousand in the whole country. And if the
deduction is made of those who are not indi-
gent, from Wvo to five million dollars would ex-
ceed the amount required for pensions to them.
And yet gentlemen will tell us, as one did a
week ago when this subject was before up for
consideration, that the number of indigent sol-
diers of 1812 would largely increase if such a
bill as this should be passed. Now, I repel
the charge that the men who bore aloft the old
flag in 1812, andwho foughtto sustain the Gov-
ernment at that time, are such a class of men
that they would, not now being indigent, violate
honor and integrity and their oath for the pur-
pose of obtaining these pensions while they are
not entitled to them. I know in regard to my
own district that 
Mr. PERHAM. "What charge is the gentle-
man repelling ?
Mr. FARQ UHAR. The charge that if this
law should be passed, it will be found that
honorable men have put their property in tbe
hands of their children, in order that they may
obtain these pensions as indigent persons.
I- ask whether that statement was not made
by the chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions [Mr. Perham] when this subject was
up before.
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am inclined
to think that this discussion has gone about as
far as the gentleman can reasonably expect
me to allow it to continue under the circum-
stances. I think that my language with regard
to these soldiers of 1812 has been of the most
respectful character 
Mr. FARQUHAR. I hope that the gentle-
man will give me a moment longer.
Mr. PERHAM. I do not think I ought to
yield longer. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Miller,] who presents this proposition for pen-
sioning the soldiers of the war of 1812, desires
that it should be acted on in the House as a
distinct proposition. I desire, too, that a dis-
tinct vote shall be had upon the proposition.
I did not intend to yield the floor for any other
proposition to come in. I think that any prop-
osition in regard to the increase of other pen-
sions should be acted on as a separate propo-
sition. This is "the desire of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller,] as well as
of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
was entertained, no objection being made at
the time. It is too late now for objection to
be made.
Mr. COFFROTH. AVill the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Perham] yield to me for three
minutes?
Mr. PERHAM. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that time.
Mr. COFFROTH. I do not desire to dis-
cuss this proposition. I merely wish to state
that by a resolution adopted by this House on
the 2d of May last, the Committee on Invalid
Pensions was instructed to report a bill in favor
of the soldiers and sailors of 1812. The com-
mittee this morning instructed me to present
that bill at the proper time. When this ques-
tion is disposed of I will report that bill from
the committee. Although a majority of the
committee are opposed to the bill, it will be
presented in accordance with the resolution of
the House. "When that bill is reported this
whole question will come up, and can then be
discussed.
Mr. PERHAM. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and ttye
main question ordered, which was upon the
motion of Mr. Stevens to amend the instruc-
tions proposed by Mr. Miller.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, would it be
in order at this time to move to lay this bill on
the table?
The SPEAKER. It would be. The bill is
now pending before the House on a motion to
recommit with instructions.
Mr. LE BLOND. I believe I will make
that motion, for the reason just stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that, under a
resolution already adopted by the House, the
committee will bring in a bill providing pen-
sions for the soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812. The House ought really not to consider
this proposition until it is presented by the bill
to be reported from the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman that if the bill be recommitted with
instructions we need not act upon it when
reported if meanwhile another covering the
same subject has been reported and acted
upon. I think that we had better recommit
this.
Mr. LE BLOND; Exactly. Then, if we
desire a bill of this sort, our proper course is
to recommit with the instructions we desire.
Mr. FINCK. I desire*to make an inquiry
of the Chair.' If the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] should
be adopted, what will become of the proposi-
tion to grant pensions to the sbldiers of 1812 ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
is to strike out the instructions proposed by
his colleague [Mr. Miller] and insert instruc-
tions of a different nature.
Mr. FINCK. I hope, then, that the amend-
ment will not be agreed to. I wish to vote in
favor of the soldiers of 1812. I trust that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
will withdraw his amendment. I understand
a bill has already been prepared by the com-
mittee carrying out the object which the gen-
tleman desires. Let us have a direct vote on
the instructions in favor of the soldiers of 1812.
Mr. STEVENS. I must decline to with-
draw my amendment.
On agreeing to the amendment,
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
. Mr. STEVENS. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire that the House
shall vote understandingly. As 1 understand,
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] if it prevails, will cut
off the soldiers of 1812 altogether. Am I cor-
rect in this?
Mr. STEVENS. "We simply instruct them
to report a bill granting ten dollars as the low-
est pension.
Mr. LE BLOND. What soldiers? The sol-
diers of 1812?
Mr. STEVENS. All of them.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I request the honora-
ble gentleman to withdraw this motion, for the
reason that I want to vote for the soldiers of
the war of 1812 as well as for those of 1861.
Mr. HALE. I object to debate.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens
and Finck were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes five, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. Stevens's amendment was then dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Miller's mo-
tion to recommit with instructions to report
favorably on the subject.
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 11, not voting
69; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anderson, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bergen-, Bingham. ,BJow, Boutwell, Boyer, Brom-
well, Buckland, Bnndy, Cbbb, Coffroth, Cook, Cul-
lom, Dawson, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Du-
iiiont, Eckley, Bggleston, Eldridge, Farquhar, Ferry,
Finels, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell, Abncr C.
Harding, Hart, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Asa hoi
W. Hubbard, Chester JK Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Kuyken-
dall, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Le Blond, Loan,Longyear, Marshall, Marvin,
McClurg, MeCullough,' McICee, McRuer, Mereuv,
Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Newell, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Price. Radford, Samuel J",
Randall, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander
H. Riee, John H. Rice, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Saw-
yer, Scofield, Sheliabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Stii-
well,Strouse, Taber,Taylor,Thayer,Francis Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward. Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Winlield—102.
*NAYS—Messrs. Alley. Ames, Baldwin. Broomall,
Davis, Dawes, Hale, Perham, Hitter, Trowbridge,
and William B. Washburn—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. AUiso-n, Aneona, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Bidwell, Blaine, Brandegee, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Darling,
Defrees, Delano, Deming, Donnelly, Eliot, Earns-
