1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Congress, may at any time by law make or alter
sucn regulation cxeept as to the place of choosing
Senators/
_ Congress has not legislated gitlier as to the
time or as to the manner; then the State is to
do it under the very authority devolved upon
it to decide for herself at what time and in what
manner and at what place her Senators are to
be elected. That is left to the State. What
has the State done in this ease ? They have de-
cided by the act of April 10, 184G, and the va-
lidity of that law is not called in question, that
Senators shall be appointed by the Senate and
General Assembly of the State in joint meet-
ing assembled. That is all it says. How they
arc to act when they get into joint meeting, in
what manner they are to vote, whether vira
voce or by ballot, whether nominations are to
be made orally or not in advance, and if in ad-
vance, how long in advance, that legislation is
silent._ Now, what is the result? My friends
who differ with me on this subject seem to sup-
pose that it is a common-law principle applica-
ble to all bodies of this description, that in the
absence of some legislation changing the rule,
a majority must, act. That in one sense is
true ; but how is the majority to act in order to
change the rule? it is to act by providing for
a different rule; and if they do provide for a
different rule, and that different rule is com-
Elied with in the particular election, then the
egislaturo have complied with the provision
of the Constitution which gives to the Legis-
lature the authority to prescribe the manner
in the absence of any prescription of manner
on the part of the Congress of the United
States.
The Legislature prescribed no manner ; Con-
gress prescribed no manner. What does the
word "manner'' mean? What is its proper
acceptation? The election is to i>e held at such
time and at such place and in such manner as
the Legislature may direct. What is the mean-
ingof the torin ''manner'' as here used? What
does it involve and include? Does it include the
mode of voting? I suppose it does. But who
is to decide that? The Legislature has made no
provision. Cannot the joint meeting decide
it? 1 suppose that will be admitted, for there
is nobody else to decide. The whole duty would
be arrested if there was not attached to the
joint meeting an authority to regulate the mode
in which the voting should proceed.
Mr. CONNBSS. Will the Senator permit
me an instant?
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. CON'NESS, I did not mean to say any-
thing on this subject and desire to vote; but
on the question discussed by the Senator just
at this lime, what is meant by the term '"man-
ner," I have understood it to be elucidated bv
the different Legislatures who have provided
different manners or modes of election. Some
elect by the bodies voting separately, others
provide that the election must lie by joint con-
vention, and as I understand the word "man-
ner" it means that the Legislature is not to be
confined to either mode of election by the sepa-
rate Houses or the mode of joint convention ;
and thus the experience under that provision
is that some States provide for the election ac-
cording to one mode and some according to the
other. I understand the word "manner" as
going to that and no luriher. I will listen, of
course, to what the Senator says.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
is right in saying it goes to that extent; but it
docs not stop there, as I think the honorable
member will see in a moment. They get
together in joint meeting. Now, he says that
the term "manner," as it is used in the Con-
stitution, was intended to give to the Legisla-
ture merely the authority to decide whether
the election should be made by the concurrent
vote of the two branches, where there are two
branches, or by a joint vote. There, he says,
perhaps it is to stop. Can that be true? I was
about to illustrate what 1 think will satisfy the
honorable member that he is wror..: in suppos-
ing that the authority conveyed to the Legisla-
ture of regulating the manner of the election
157B
terminates there. They get into joint meet-
ing; cannot they establish rules of proceed-
ing? Who doubts that? Can anybody doubt
that unless they are inconsistent with some
positive statute. Can they not establish rules
of proceeding, and if they can where is the
limit? Can they not prescribe that the elec-
tion shall be viva voce or by ballot? Can they
not prescribe that no ballot for any man shall
be counted unless he is antecedently nomi-
nated? Who can doubt that? Nobotly, as I
think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt it very much.
Mr. JOHNSON. You do?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose they say that
no man shall be electcd by a majority unless
he has been antecedently nominated; a vote is
taken, two thirds of the votes are thrown for
a person noUiominated; is he not elected?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; unquestionably not,
unless you mean to take upon yourself the whole
administration of this power conferred on the
State exclusively. I would ask the honorable
member if Congress, by legislation, cannot pro-
vide that no man should be elected unless he
was first nominated. I suppose he will not
deny that; and if he will not deny that, what
is the difference between the eases? The hon-
orable member says there is a difference be-
tween the two ; a difference in wdiat?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot tell the
Legislature whom they shall elect.
Mr. JOHNSON. \ es wo can. Why cannot
Congress by law prescribe that the mode of
electing Senators should be by nomination be-
fore balloting? It is done by almost every
deliberative body in the world. Congress is
clothed, as it is, with regulating the manner;
why cannot they regulate that manner as well
as any other manner? The honorable member
appears to suppose that whoever gets numer-
ically a majority, is necessarily chosen. That
is for the Legislature to decide; nobody else;
and if the Legislature bylaw establish a differ-
ent regulation, that regulation is binding upon
this body unless it be true that we have a right
to do that which is secured only to Congress,
to interfere with the manner of electing Sen-
ators.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will let me
ask him another question. Would a rule that
the chairman, being a member of the Legisla-
ture, should have no vote be binding?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, if Congress could
make the same rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Congress could not
make the same rule.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because they cannot
deprive any member of the Legislature of the
right he lias to vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. If that be so, the question
of the honorable member does not apply to such
regulations as Congress could make. Now,
does the honorable member mean to say seri-
ously—1 beg pardon, for I know be always
speaks seriously—that Congress could not by
regulation prescribe everything that has been
done by regulation in New Jersey? Could not
they say that a plurality should be sufficient
under certain circumstances ? Certainly. If'
they could then, in the absence of regulation
on the part of Congress, in whom is the power
to regulate vested?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the Legislature.
Mr. JOHNSON. •' The Legislature." Now,
what is the Legislature? Both branches, lloth
branches have not regulated as to this point;
but they have regulated so far as to say that
the Senators of that State are to be elected in
joint meeting. Could not they have said that
a plurality vote should bo sufficient? And if
they thought proper only to interfere with ref-
erence to the time and the place, saying noth-
ing about the manner, the inference, in my
judgment, is irresistible that tirev intended to
leave to the body in joint meeting the whole
authority of regulating the manner of holding
the election : and that, as the Senate have
seen, was the view taken by New Jersey in re-
lation to all the elections held iu joint meeting.
The question, Mr. President, is a purely legal
onc in relation to which I am sure no party
feeling will operate, for every Senator is too
honorable a man to let considerations.of that
description interfere ; but it is a question in-
volving^ as, I think, a very serious principle,
one which touches us all, not the Senator from
New Jersey alone; it is a matter of little or no
moment to him whether he remains a member
of this body or not; he has a home in New
Jersey where he is honored and beloved. The
principle is an important one. I considerthis
as a very serious interference, and if my friends
who take a different view will permit mo to say
so, a very unconstitutional attempt to interfere
with the rights of the States. It may come
home to them or to those who may succeed
them in the future. _ The Constitution of the
United States leaves it to the Legislature, and
the Legislature is to decide for itself in what
manner the election is to be held.
I have, Mr. President, I believe, presented
to the Senate all the observations that it is
necessary to subjnit, and more than I intended,
because of the interruptions to which I have
been subjected.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will give
way, I will move, that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 22, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday-was read.
CORRECTION OF TI!Ii JOURNAL.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to have the Journal
corrected. It states that my resolution in ref-
erence to national cemeteries was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations. It was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be made.
leave 01' absence.
Mr. LOAN. I ask leave of absence for my
colleague, Mr. Blow, for three weeks.
Leave was granted.
Mr. BERGEN. 1 ask leave of absence for
my colleagues, Messrs. Taber and Goodyear,
for one week.
Leave was granted.
try ion- pacrprc railroad.
Mr. ICASSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the General Assembly of
Iowa for Government aid to the extension in
Iowa of the Iowa branch of the Union Pacific
railroad; which was referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
port of delivery at council bluffs.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish a port of delivery
at Council Bluffs ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. ICASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
thai the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 192) entitled " An act
for the relief of Goldsmith Brothers, of the
cities of San Francisco, California, and Port-
land. Oregon, brokers;" in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
winnebago indians.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the benefit of certain half-
breeds and mixed bloods of the Winnebago
tribe of Indians ; which was read a first and
