1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2533
rence the President has no right to invest fran-
chise in anybody. Several of the States have
in the exercise of their undoubted right disfran-
chised those regarded as public enemies. Con-
gress has refused admission to persons claim-
ing rights as members. By the several acts
from 1861 to 1805 it has declared the inhabit-
ants of the revolted States to be public ene-
mies. It forbade all commercial intercourse
or correspondence with them." It passed laws
for their punishment as traitors. Until these
acts of the States and of the General Govern-
ment are repealed by authority of the States
and of Congress no person can exercise politi-
cal power of his own right, or any other than
a delegated power.
A pardon whether by individual act or by
general amnesty does not, and cannot, change
this condition of things. I suppose this prin-
ciple to be so well established that it does not
require the citation of authorities to maintain
it. I venture to say that there is not in the
history of law a single case of pardon which is
held to invest persons with political power in
a Government or State other than that con-
trolled by the authority granting the pardon, or
to restore other right than exemption from
prosecution or punishment.. It is a principle
which has at least been recognized by the law
department of the Government. I think At-
torney General Cushing gave it as his official
opinion explicitly that a full pardon cannot be
held to restore political rights.
Now, it is said that this disfranchisement
cannot bo enforced. Why not? Because, for-
sooth, the States to be affected will not accept
it. Very well. It is not neeessary ; there arc
twenty-five States represented in this House.
Twenty-seven is the number necessary to amend
the Constitution. The States of Tennessee
and Arkansas will accept this proposition of
disfranchisement without hesitation. They have
already adopted the principle in the organiza-
tion of their own State governments. It would
be impossible otherwise i'or the loyal men of
Tennessee and Arkansas to maintain govern-
ments, and their consent gives us the requisite
number of States to make the amendment a
vital part of the Constitution. If it be defeated
at all, it will be defeated by the Republican
States or by the Democratic States of the
North. It will not be defeated by the insur-
gent States. There is, then, no justification
for the opinion so strongly expressed, that
this measure will fail because the rebel States
will not consent to the disfranchisement of
any portion of their own people. The prop-
osition is for the loyal States to determine upon
what terms they will restore to the Union the
insurgent States. It is not necessary that
they should participate in our deliberations
upon this subject, and wholly without reason
that they should have the power to defeat it.
]t, is a matter of congratulation that they have
not this power. We have the requisite number
of States without them. It is said, again, that
we cannot enforce it in these States because
seven eighths or nine tenths of the people are
enemies to the Government. Thatis not true.
We do our cause great injustice, and wo do the
people of the South infinitely greater injustice
when we accept and publish as our own the
arguments of rebel enemies of the country.
They say that the whole people of these States
voluntarily made war against the Government.
Mr. Speaker, it is not so.
I do not believe that there is a State in this
Union where at least a clear majority of the
people were not from the beginning opposed
to the wer; and could you remove from the
control of public opinion one or two thousand
in each of these States, so as to letup from the.
foundations of political society the mass of
common people, you would have a population
in all these States as loyal and true to the Gov-
ernirent as the people of any portion of the
East or West.
I know that the people of the South are
filled at present with prejudice against the
civilization, the institutions, and the people of
the North; but the moment they have felt the
beneficial effects of that civilization, when-
ever they become acquainted with our people,
as they will at no distant day, they will cor-
dially and honestly fraternize with them. It
requires a little time, but the result is inevi-
table.
During this terrible war, which has cost the
people a million of lives, and of treasure inap-
preciable, the people of the South have been
compelled to take up arms and sustain rebel-
lion. In the Southwest it was made a crime,'
punishable in the sevorest manner, for any
rebel soldier to declare publicly or to his com-
rades that this was the rich man's war and the
poor man's fight. But it was nevertheless a
fact. The people knew that it was the rich
man's war and the poor man's fight. The
legislation of the insurgent States exempted
to a great degree the rich men and their sons
on account of the possession of properly, while
it forced at the point of the bayonet, and often-
times at the cost of life, the masses of the
people to maintain their cause. There is
nothing in the whole war more atrocious
than the cruel measures taken by the rebel
leaders to force the people who had no inter-
est in it and were ave'rse to sharing its dis-
honor and peril. And no public act, in my
opinion, manifests more wisdom or a keener
sense of justice than the exclusion by the Pres-
ident from the benefits of the charter of am-
nesty the rebels whoso fortunes exceeded
S20.000. Would that it had been enforced
against them!
Now, if by any means wo could reach the
masses of these people we should find loyal
men in numbers and strength in all these
States. The common people have no interest
hostile to the United States. 1 do not mean
that class of men best acquainted with public
affairs, I moan the men who have borne no
part in the important duties of public life—the
common men, the laboring men. We shall find
that ultimately, and at no distant day, they
will become the truest and best fiiends of the
Government; and this amendment, as I under-
stand it, will contribute greatly to the benefi-
cent result.
Sir, it does not exclude and it will trot exclude
nine tenths of the population of any of these
States. How will it operate? It will begin
with the beginning and it will go on to the end.
In the first place, it will commence its opera-
tions in the States in the valleys of the Ohio
and the Mississippi. In each one of those
States there is a majority of llie people, per-
haps a large majority, who, if lei't to their own
judgment, will be friendlv to the Government
of the United States. And thus from its opera-
tions, where it can be immediately applied,
and where it will bo immediately successful, it
will produce the exact result which wo desire,
the immediate restoration of the governments
of the States to the Union, the recognition of
the loyal people, and the disfranchisement of
the implacable and unchangeable public ene-
mies of the Union, and the creation of State
governments upon the sound and enduringbasis
of common interest and common affection.
Suppose, for instance, that until 1870 some
oflhe southern States—South Carolina, Geor-
gia, or Alabama—should decline to accept the
terms of the amendment, and remain outside
of the Union. Is it not better that they should
be out than in, if that is their spirit? Will it
do us any harm or them any good? I think
not. On the contrary, the fact that some of
the States may be admitted in 18G0, as I believe
they will be, and others perhaps in 1807, and
so on until the last recusant Commonwealth
returns to the Union, shows this to be by far
the best process that could be devised for the
maintenance of our Government and its insti-
tutions and the restoration of States.
It was said by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gakfteui] that there is no tribunal which can
judge of the proper or improper enforcement
of this provision. That is an error. In regard
to the election of members of Congress here
is the tribunal. In regard to the election of
Senators, the Senate at the other end of the
Capital is the tribunal, perfect, absolute, com-
petent, and ready always to discharge this
duty and make the right decision.
In regard to the choice of electors for Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States,
which seems to have caused more apprehen-
sion, the solution is equally simple, ccrtain,
and just. There is always a tribunal that is
competent to judge whether this provision of
the Constitution has been properly enforced.
It is not altogether a new question. In 1844
the country escaped a revolution, as many per-
sons think. They did not then, as now, com-
prehend the secret springs of that peril. In
the State of Tennessee one hundred and sev-
eniy-five or one hundred and eighty men voted
directly for Polk and Dallas as candidates for
President and Vice President instead of for the
presidential electors. If those votes given
against the law were counted, then Mr. Polk
would receive the electoral vote of that State.
If they were excluded, then the electoral vote
of the State would be given for ITenry Clay.
So closely hung the balance that for six weeks
it was impossible to determine who had car-
ried Tennessee. It ultimately became of lit-
tle importance, because the vote of the groat
State of New York was given through Silas
Wright to Mr. Polk. Had New York voted for
Clay, Tennessee would have decided the elec-
tion. We can now estimate the consequences
of that departure from the letter of the law of
a small number of Democrats in Tennessee.
Had the question reached this House it would
present exactly the problem the solution of
which gives so much trouble to the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] And
its solution removes the difficulty presented
by him.
But that case does not stand alone. There
is nothing new under the sun. In 1856 Wis-
consin did not vote for electors on the day
required by law. Her vote when presented
here was not counted. If the vote of that
State had decided the balance between Gen-
eral Frfmont and Mr. Buchanan it would have
made trouble, because we noflnjpl&w that long
and careful preparations had been made for
rebellion and the opportunity only was want-
ing. The case presented in 1814 or in 1850
would have been more propitious than that
offered by the election of Mr. Lincoln, be-
cause it would have concealed the real ob-
ject of the conspirators, and secured an open
and powerful support in tlie North. It pre-
sented the difficulty suggested by the gentle-
man from Ohio. But this is its solution. It
exhibits the almost supernal wisdom of our
frame of Government. ll shows that the sac-
rifice of blood and treasure was well made to
defend it.
In eilher of the cases presented by Tennes-
see or Wisconsin, the Congress would havo
been the tribunal to decide the issue. The
two Houses would havo met in convention ac-
cording to the Constitution. If they agreed
the question would have been decided, and the
election of President declared in accordance
therewith. If there was difference of opin-
ion in regard to the question presented, the
Senate would have withdrawn to its Chamber ;
the House would have remained in its seats ;
and then after mature deliberation, it may have
been for weeks or months, each Honse would
have determined what should be done. And
should the two Houses not come to the same
conclusion, and refuse to recognize an election,
the President of the Senate, or in his absence
the honorable Speaker of this Ho-se, would
have administered the Government until an-
other election could have been hold. This
would have been done by resolution of Con-
gress within eighteen months from the 1th of
March whfn the vacancy "nas found to exist.
Tne Constitution is equal to every emergency,
and what there is defective, if anything, the
wisdom of the people wili supply. If then, as
lately, a portion of the States had determined
