1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
second time, and. referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
CALIFORNIA LAND (JKANT.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported back
House bill No. 377 to confirm the selection and
location of lands granted to the State of Cal-
ifornia by the United States ; which was or-
dered to be printed, and recommitted to the
same committee.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Mr. Speaker, wo cannot
liea'r anything that is going on in the House.
Tf all the business is to be done on the other
side of the House let us know it. Gentlemen
seem to be addressing each other over there
and not the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman. Business is not confined
to any side of the House. The first two gen-
tlemen recognized by the Chair were gentlemen
on the gentleman's own side.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 lind no fault with the
Speaker, but wo can hear nothing that is going
on ou the other side ou account of the con-
fusion in the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to make the point of order.
LAKE SUPERIOR SIUI'-CANAL.
Mr. SEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill granting certain lauds to the
State of Miohigan to aid in the construction of
a ship-canal to connect the waters of Lake
Superior with the lake known as Lac La Belle,
for reference to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. LEiVISON. I object.
MIS?. CHARLOTTE II. READ.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous conscnt, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Mrs. Charlotte
E. Head; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
MESSAliE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Fou\i:v, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body'hud parsed bills and a joint res-
olution of the following titles, in which ho was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act, (S. No. (58) to carry into effect the
fourth article of the treaty of Washington con-
cluded between Great Britain and the United
States ou the !>lh of August, 1842;
An act (S. No, 57) for the relief of the heirs
of Lieutenant Joshua D. Todd, late of the
United Stales Navy, deceased:
An act (S. No. 200) for the relief of Jane
Harris;
An act (S. No. i {■")) for a grant of lands to
the State of Kansas to aid in (he construction
of the Northern Kansas railroad ami telegraph ;
itnd
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 44) authorizing
Commodore William Radford to accept a dec-
oration from the King of Italy.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
The House resumed, as the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour yesterday, the con-
sideration of House bill No. 50, to amend the
fifth section of an act entitled ''An act donat-
ing public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
approved JuU 2, 1802, so as to extend the time
within which the provisions of said act shall be
accepted aud^ such colleges established, re-
ported back from the Committee ou Agricul-
ture with a substitute.
Mr. BID WELL. Mr. Speaker, by the act
of July 2, 1802, entitled "Ail act donating
public lands to the several States and Terri-
tories which may provide college? for the ben-
efit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
there was granted, ou certain conditions, an
amount of land equal to thirty thousand acres
for each Senator and Representative in Congress
to which the States were respectively entitled
oy the apportionment under the census of 1860.
Ihe purposes of this grant of lands are do-
ctored, nv the fourth section of that act, to be
the "support and. maintenance in each State
of at least one college where the leading object
shall be, without excluding other scientific and
classical studies and including military tactics,
to teach such branches of learning as are re-
lated to agriculture and the mechanic arts."
Among the enumerated conditions the sev-
eral States, in order to avail themselves of the
benefits of the law, were required to express
their acceptance within two years from the
date of the approval of the act. They are
required to pay all expenses arising from the
selection and sale of the lands and the man-
agement and disbursement of-the money. No
part of the principal is to be expended in
cither the construction or repair of buildings.
The interest only can be used for these and
other expenses, so that the fund itself must
remain undiminished and be a perpetual en-
dowment for all time.
This act was amended April 14, 1804, by
extending the time of acceptance two years,
(which would carry it to April 14, 1806,) and.
by specially extending the benefits of the act,
as well as the act of 1862, to Vest Virginia.
The following States have accepted the grant,
and all of them received their agricultural col-
lege scrip, except Indiana and California, which
have but recently accepted, to wit:
1. Rhodo Island. 12. Maryland.
2. Kentucky. lo. Ohio.
3. Vermont. If. West Virginia.
i. New York. . 15. Indiana.
5. Pennsylvania. 10. Iowa.
,0. New Jersey. 17. Kansas.
7. Massachusetts. 18. Michigan.
8. Illinois. 10. Minnesota.
9. New Hampshire. 20. Oregon.
10. Connecticut. 21. Wisconsin.
11. Maine. 22. California,.
But these being laud States are obliged to
make their selections within their own limits.
The States of Nevada, Delaware, and Missouri,
and the Territories have not, as I am informed,
accepted.
The third clause of section five of the act of
July 2, 1862, requires that " any State which
may take and claim the benefit of the provis-
ions of that act shall provide, within five years
at least, not loss than one college," as described
in the fourth section of the said act.
ltmustbe anparentto every one, Mr. Speaker,
that to provide the institutions required by the
law, more time should be granted. Colleges
are not the growth of a day; they require ti'me
for a jiropor beginning, the very foundation
upon which the superstructure is to rest; they
require greatcare, intelligence, and skill in order
to shape their future proportions to the growing
wants of agricultural developemcnt; they de-
mand a judicious outlay of vast sums of money,
which cannot be well done if done in haste.
These an; some of the reasons which induced
the committee to recommend the extension of
the time for the several States and Territories
to provide these colleges. If there is one branch
of industry which, more than another, claims
the indulgent and fostering care of the Govern-
ment, that branch is agriculture. I would by
no means disparage other pursuits, for all should
be encouraged ; all are essential to make a com-
plete whole—the sum, I may say, of our na-
tional industry. But, Mr. Speaker, where would
be the manufacturinginterests which are deemed
of vital importance to every independent na-
tion, without agriculture as abasis for their very
existence and growth? Where would be your
commerce whoso sails are beginning to whiten
almost every sea? What your future as a na-
tion without these common-place but life-giv-
ing and life-preserving operations which are
the only real creations of which the hand of
pun) man is capable, which produce seed time
and harvest, and, at the bidding of industry,
clothe the valleys with their annual robes of
green and supply man with his daily bread, and
make the desert wastes bud and blossom as the
rose? Blot out this paramount interest and
hardly a nation would survive. Organized so-
ciety and labor would cease, there would be no
division of labor, no manufactures, no com-
merce, none of the arts of peace and civiliza-
tion.
Every civilized country must of necessity
derive its principal means of subsistence from
the soil; everything else is merely auxiliary.
Keep the agricultural interest in a prosper-
"ous condition, and the future of our own coun-
try will be grand beyond the power of human
conception.
Such an interest, then, merits, and should re-
ceive, the first care of the nation. It should
be a leading object in legislation. It should
be taught by precept and example in schools,
colleges, and elsewhere, and made an object of
respect.
All are deeply concerned in devising the
most efficient means to secure its promotion.
It will afford a field of study almost limitless.
If the fertile, and what have been supposed
almost exhaustless, soils of America are pre-
served in all their vigor of production, the best
modes of returning to them what is annually
taken away must be understood. Every year
the best lands are losing, their vitality, which
is carried off in the form of grain and other
products, which go to cities and across the
ocean to supply the markets of the world, and
thence through sewers and rivers to the ocean
never to return. The identical elements thus
thrown away must be replaced or the soil be-
comes impoverished. They must be chiefly
sought in another form and collected from other
sources than those whither they have been trans-
ported in the form of marketable products, and
the aid of science must be brought to bear to
solve the grand problem, and hence the neces-
sity of colleges whose leading object shall be
agriculture.
The preservation of timber is another impor-
tant consideration. In many parts of our coun-
try there is already an absolute scarcity. In
other parts, as the great prairies of the West,
the normal condition of the country was tim-
berless. The best mode of replenishing our
wasted timber lands should bo discovered and
put into execution. There can be no doubt, I
think, as to the possibility of making prairies
of the West wave with fields if properly sown
and cultivated.
The rearing and improvement of domestic
animals is a noble employment, and advantage-
ous—I might say indispensable—to national
prosperity, and should ever be an object of.pub-
lic recognition. It will be sufficient to state, in
order to see the value of this branch of the
farming interest of the country, that there was,
inl800,in the UnitedStates 6,250,000 in round
numbers of horses, or, including mules, over
7,000,000; of neat cattle, over 25,<500,000; of
sheep, over 22,000,000 ; of swine, over 33,500,-
000, amounting, in value, to the enormous sum
of over §1,000,000,000, or more than one third
of the present national debt.
The grain-growing interest is enormous,
amounting, in 1860, to a grand total of 1,221,-
468,127 bushels of wheat, rye, corn, oats, and
barley. These items alone would, in all prob-
ability. be sufficient, if reduced to dollars, to
pay another third of the national debt, and this,
too, in cver-recurring streams, to be repeated
as often as the earth shall repeat its annual
circuit around its central sun.
Agriculture must, to be successful for all time,
be in the hands of free and intelligent labor.
There must be no mudsills, because agriculture
will not thrive in the mud; and yet the mud
contains within itself all the elements of fertil-
ity. Drain it, cultivate it, and bring forth its
latent powers, and the reward .will be fruits,
flowers, and golden grain to gladden the heart
and supply the wants of the laborer. And this
illustration may be not inapplicable to the la-
boring classes whom slavery, with haughty
pride, denominated as "the mudsills of soci-
ety." Cultivate these classes, and train them
in the way to intelligence, usefulness, and honor,
and the choicest fruits of the human intellect
and the most gifted minds may crown the labors
of this nation. From these classes may spring
Presidents, statesmen, poets, orators, and loytu
heroes to perpetuate the blessings and the glo-
ries of this nation in peace, " for peace hath
her victories no less renowned than war,'' and
