510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
them for their losses? Upon what principle of
law can they say that? They were citizens of
a State that had attempted to overthrow the
Government, of which it was a constituent mem-
ber. And as citizens of that Slate, why should
not they be allowed to hear the losses of prop-
erty as well as of life that were necessarily the
result of the acts of the Government in over-
throwing ihe rebellion?
Let us look for a moment, at this question.
The Government of the United States owed it
to itself, its constitutional duty required it, to
save and- protect the republican governments
ofthose States in rebellion. That was its great
constitutional duty, and upon another occasion
I may make some remarks upon that subject.
The Government went out in anus and in armor
to perform its duty. That was a duty above all
Others that it must perform in order that the
nation might be saved. Whatever was neces-
sary to fall in order to enable it to perform that
great guarantee must be allowed to fall. Is the
Government necessarily bound to make indem-
nity for individual losses that have resulted from
the performance of that great duty of saving
the nation? If so, then see where the princi-
ple would lead. Would it lead to the payment
for the loss of innumerable and invaluable lives
sacrificed in the conflict, and with them neces-
sarily all property of far less value and far less
consideration? There is no principle of law
that would compel the Government to assume
the payment ofthose damages.
However, that is a little off the course of ar-
gument upon the subject 1 was discussing. I
was simply discussing, when interrupted by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Coxki.i'xo,]
and the gentleman fromKentucky. [Mr. Sm itii! ]
the equitable consideration of this question of
the payment for property taken and appropri-
ated for the subsistence and supply of our
armies.
I will not recur to the legal view of the sub-
ject which has been suggested by the interrup-
tion of the gentleman from New York ; but I
will take it for granted that there is an equita-
ble duty to make compensation, and will again
call the attention of the House to the impossi-
bility—even if equity calls upon us to 'make
payment—of performing that duty under exist-
ing circumstances.
Mr, GAliFIELD. Will my colleague allow
me to make an inquiry? It will detain him but
a moment.
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD. If my understanding of
this proposition is correct, the effect of the res-
olution submitted by the committee is, in the
first, place, to rule out all claims for damages in-
cidental to the war. That, it seems to me, is
eminently proper. But the resolution, as I
understand, includes also claims for property
appropriate! by our Army for its maintenance.
Now, there arc two classes of cases in regardto
which X wish to inquire of the gentleman whether
the resolution includes them. In the first place,
during the war property was taken by the vari-
ous divisions of our Armv for their subsistence,
commissary stores, and supplies of all sorts ;
and to the owners of ihe property taken re-
ceipts wore given and vouchers for payment
upon proof of loyalty being made to the Federal
Government. A large number of such receipts
were given all through the South.
There is a second class of cases of which I
will give one instance personally known to me.
It was_ at one period of the war determined
to fortify the city of Nashville; and it became
necessary to tear down several very valuable
houses. In one instance, the value of the
house was assessed, and regular vouchers were
given to the owner, he being a man of known
and conspicuous loyalty, in order that he might
obtain compensation. In other cases prop-
erty >yas thus destroyed, the owners not being
present, Put, suppose that those owners could
make undoubted proof of loyalty, and could I
snow taat their liouscs been torn down by !
the law till orders of United States officers for !
the purpose of building fortifications, would j
the resolution rule out that class of eases as !
well as the eases of property taken for the sup-
ply of the Army, where vouchers for payment,
conditional upon proof of loyalty being made,
were given to the owners? I desire to ask the
gentleman whether those cases will come within
the resolution.
Mr. DELANO. A categorical answer to the
interrogatory of the gentleman would be in the
affirmative. The resolution would necessarily
rule out all claims for damages of every class,
as well those resulting from the ravages of war
as those resulting from the appropriation of
property for the use of the Army, when such
claims are made by citizens of States that were
in rebellion. It would not apply to claims made
by citizens of any other State.
Mr. GAliFIELD. I believe that feature of
the resolution of my colleague would in many
cases work in justice. Where citizens of the in-
surgent States have lemained entirely loyal, I
do not see on what possible ground of justice we
can declare that their claims shall be excluded
from consideration, while at the same time wo
do take into consideration the claims of loyal
men of other States. I hope that the resolution
will be so amended as not to discriminate against
those noble men who were true and loyal in the
midst of the general ruin.
Mr. SMITH. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Claims [Mr. Dklano] will yield to
me for one moment, I desire to say, in confir-
mation of the position taken by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfiui.I),] that, in my view,
it is infinitely better to pay an entirely loyal
citizen of any ofthose Stales that were consid-
ers 1 in rebellion than to pay a citizen of Ma-
ryland, Missouri, Kentucky, Ohio, or Pennsyl-
vania, whom we belie\c to be disloyal, but who
is, notwithstanding, able to present apparent
proofs of loyalty, and thus secure the payment
of his claim through the action of Congress or
of any of the Departments of this Government.
Mr. DELANO. If my colleague [Mr. Gau-
fikldJ and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Smith] will listen till 1 shall have concluded my
statement I tliiuk they will not object to the
resolution.
I will, in the first place, ask gentlemen of the
House to observe that the resolution does not
lix a permanent rule of action. It embraces
two classes of claims. 1 have discriminated be-
tween them, and need not return to that branch
of the subject. It pro\ ides that for the pres-
ent the rule shall be as I have indicated. We
of the committee hau: well understood ihe dilli-
euliy in the classofcn-es alluded to by myeol-
leaguc and the gentleman from Kentucky : but
for reasons powerful with us we have felt, that
for the present the rule should be that which
we propose to establish by the resolution, '• until
otherwise ordered,'' as you will observe.
Mr. GAUFIELD. \es, sir.
Mr. DELANO. There may be a time when
the Government will be willing lo take on il-< If
this discrimination between the loyal and dis-
loyal. \\ ait. I hug you. tienllemen. uniil you
determine wiuelier u;u Inn e any States or not.
Von say now your States are dead. I do not
know w hat, may follow, and I will not go into
that subji ct, except by way of allusion to it in
its bearing on the, pre.-ent question.
V  ait until these questions of reconstruction,
the return and reiisiablishment. of IhewSiates -
wait, I say, untillhesequ^s1 ions shall bo decided;
but for the present, in view of our national debt
and the magnitude of these claims, and above
all the great dilliculty in discriinmaii-ig which ]
is loyal and which, is, disloyal, wait for ihe pros- ;
ent. anil let this he your rule. i
Mr. G AliFi ELD. Let me ask the gentleman 1
another question. If 1 understand himari^ht,
in his remarks, the rule, which refers to ihe
destruction of property as an incident of the '
war, is not to be temporary. ] understand by the I
laws ot war, and by our practice ill the war of
lis]-, we have never paid any such claims. The !
other clause is for a temporary :-i;le. Now, I ask :
whether we ought not to discriminate?
Mi\ DELANO. It seems to me that is a mere j
■seiba't criticism ; audi make the remark with- ;
out any discourtesy to ihe gentleman. I do not i
think it necessary to introduce two resolutions.
Let us adopt the present, resolution for the pres-
ent policy of the Government; and if it is de-
sirable hereafter to modify it in reference to the
last class of claims, that can be done.
Now, allow me to say why my mind came to
this conclusion. You have upon your statute-
book a law which provides for the payment of
loyal citizens in the loyal States for all dam-
ages resulting from the taking of property for
the use of the Army ; and you have an easy
mode of settling and adjusting these claims, as
the Quartermaster General and the Commis-
sary General are authorized to settle and adjust
them. Whenever it is the sentiment of this
House that the same principle ought to be es-
tablished in behalf of citizens in the disloyal
States, take your statute then and amend it so
as to allow citizens from the disloyal States the
same privileges of settling their claims before
the Quai term aster Gcuei aland the Commissary
General which the citizens of the loyal States
have now. \ on will then adopt a better rule
of aerion than to submit these claims to the
uncertain investigation by your committees.
For allow me to say to this House, 1 do think
if there is anything in the administration of law
by Congress which needs correction, it is the
power conferred upon and exercised by the
Committee of Claims. They are not able, it
is not in the nature of things that they can be
able, to investigate these claims in a manner in
which they ought, to be investigated.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 feel 1 oughtnotto detain
the House any longer on this question. Before
closing, however, 1 must say that it was neces-
sary, in my judgment, the sense of the House
should be taken on this subject, so important
to the committee and to the country; ami I shall
feel ll necessary, after allowing some explana-
tion from other members ol the committee, to
demand the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the gentleman to Held
to me.
Mr. DELANO. I yield to my colleague on
the Committee of Claims for tive minutes.
Mi. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, as i am a
member of the Committee of Claims, I desiie
to make a brief explanation. I understand the
committee have reported the resolution unani
mouj-ly. Now, while 1 do not fully agree with
the chairman in the line of argument he pur-
sued this morning, I do agree with him in the
general proposition contained in the resolution.
It is now impracticable to consider these ques-
tions. for 110 committee could take them up and
examine them separately as they ought to be,
and make such reports to the House as would
afford proper basis for action. It is a work
which ought to be performed by some board or
court, outside of Congress when the Govern-
ment shall Inn e determined to pay these claims,
if it shall ever resolve to do so. There ought
to be some general law, some civil or military
tribunal, for the adjustment of these claims,
and we ought not, to be called upon to pass a
special act in each particular case. Thai is
requiting too much of any committee of this
House.
'Then we have the question which was raised
by the suggestion, of the gentleman from New
^ oik, [Mr. Coxkxtxu.] Thesv'<i/ ,vofthe rebel
States and theircitizens in icfeieuccto the Gen-
eral Got eminent has not yet been defined by
any action of the House. Upon the view, there-
fore. that it should first be determined by the
House what are the relations of these people
to the Government, it is certainly improper for
the Committee of Claims to forestall, in their
action upon any individual cases, the rule which
may he hereafter adopted. If we, should at-
tempt to discuss Ihe question a division would
come up in the minds of the committee. 1 have
no doubt, especially in view of remarks which
the eha irman has submitted this morning, that
the committee would be unable to agree as to
the status of the rebellious States with refer-
ence to the Government and all kindred ques-
tions. Hence the propriety of deferring all
action in relation to claims from these States.
For my own part, 1 confess I have always been
