1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3495
or carpeting of like character or description, and that
the duty on all other mats, (not exclusively of vege-
table material,) screens, hassocks, and rugs, shall be
forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
m Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert; page 8r
line sxxtj'-severi, after the word "yard," the
words "and thirty-five per cent, ad valorem
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows: *
On oil-clothsforfloors, stamped, painted, orprinted,
valued at fifty cents or less per square yard, thirty-
five per cent. advalorem; valued at over fifty cents
per square yard, and on all other oil-cloth, (except
silk oil-cloth,) and on water-proof cloth, not other-
wise provided for, forty-five per cent, ad valarem;
on oil silk cloth, sixty per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the importation
of the articles hereafter mentioned, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid the following duties and
ratesof duty, that is to say, on cotton, raw or unman-
ufactured, — cents per pound,
Mr. MORRILL. Of course it will be under-
stood by the committee that the rate to be im-
posed must be the same as the rate imposed in
tne internal tax bill, and I move that the filling
of the blank be reserved for the present.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all manufactures of cotton, (except jeans, den-
ims, drillings, bed tickings, ginghams, plaids, cot-
tonados, pantaloon-stuffs, corset jeans, contils, Mar-
seilles, satteens. and goods of like description and for
similar use,) not bleached, colored, stained, painted,
or printed,five cents per square yard; if bleached,
five and a half cents per square yard; if colored,
stained, painted, or printed, five and a half cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, ten per cent.
ad-valorem: Provided, That all cottons above de-
scribed exceeding two hundred threads to the square
inch, counting the warp and filling, or weighing less
than five ounces to the square yard, shall pay ten
per cent, advalorem in addition to the foregoing
rates.
Mr. HALE. I call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to what seems to
be an ambiguity in this paragraph. Is it the
intention that the ten per cent, ad valorem in
the fourteenth line shall apply to all of the
items specified, or only to the last one ? There
is an ambiguity which 1 think should 'be cor-
rected.
Mr. MORRILL. It is intended to apply only
to the last one. It is the law as it now is, and
there has been no trouble in regard to the con-
struction.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all cotton jeans, denims, drillings, bfcd tickings,
ginghams, plaids, cottonades, pantaloon stuffy corset
jeans, contils, Marseilles, satteens, and goods of like
description or for similar use, if unbleached, six cents
per square yard; if bleached, six and a half cents per
square yard; if colored, stained, painted, or printed,
six and a half cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, fifteen per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That
all cottons above described exceeding two hundred
threads to the square inch, counting the warp and
filling, shall jiay one cent per square yard in addition
to the foregoing rates: And provided further. That
no cotton yarn or piece goods shall be admitted at
rates of duty less than forty per cent, ad oaforem, if
bleached, or at less than forty-five pcrcent. ad valo-
rem, if colored, stained, painted, or printed.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
On spool thread, of cotton, six cents per dozen
spools, containing on each spool not exceeding one
hundred yards of thread, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent, ad valorem,' exceeding one hundred
yards, for every additional one hundred yards of
thread on each spool or fractional part thereof in
excess of one hundred yards, six cents per dozen, and,
in addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
Tlie Clerk read as follows:
On cotton thread or yarn when advanced beyond
single yarn by twisting two ormore strands together,
if not wound upon spools, forty ccntsper pound, and
in addition thereto thirty-five per cent, ad valorem:
Provided, That looso floss, cotton thread, embroidery
cotton, or mending cotton, shall be subject to a duty
of twenty cents per pound, and in addition thereto :
thirty-five per cent. adv<dorem; on cotton yarns not
advanced beyond singles, and not finer than number
fiftv, twentv cents per pound, and in addition thereto
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; when finer than
number fifty, and not finer than number one hun-
dred forty cents per pound, and in addition thereto
thirty-five per ccnt. ad valorem; when finer than
number one hundred, filly cents per pound, and
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word "yarn" page 10, line forty-nine, the
words'" warp or wet."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On webbing, tapes, galloons, and bindings, plain or
otherwise, and on braids, made of cotton or linen, or
of cotton and linen, thirty cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move to strike out "thirty cents per pound''
and insert " one inch wide and under, sixty
cents per pound, and on all that is over one
inch wide twenty-five cents per pound;" so
that it will read, "on webbing, tapes, gal-
loons, and bindings, plain or otherwise, and
011 braids, made of cotton or linen, or of cotton
and linen, one inch wide and under, sixty cents
per pound, and on all that is over one inch
wide, twenty-five cents per pound, and, in addi-
tion thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem."
I simply wish to call the committee's attention
to this amendment. All those narrow tapes are
manufactured from yam upon which there is a
duty of forty cents perpound by this bill. Now,
it is proposed to put a duty of only thirty cents
per pound ou this tape manufactured from the
same article. By the amendment which I offer
these narrow tapes, on which the labor is about
five times as much as on the wide tapes, will
have a greater protection. On the wider tapes
I proposff to reduce the duty to twenty-five
cents, because they are made from coarser
yarn and the labor is very much less. That
is all the protection that is necessary for the
coarse tapes. But when you come to these
narrow tapes, which require the finest material
and five or six times the amount of labor that
the others do, clearly there should bo a dis-
crimination.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the gentleman is
right, and I shall therefore offer no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend bv adding
after the word "thereto" the words "in each
case."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On hosiery shirts and drawers, and on knit goods
made wholly of cotton, not otherwise provided for,
thirty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On cotton laces, inserting, gimps, and trimmings
of every description, if exclusively of cotton or of
cotton with linen, if not dyed or colored, loi-ty per
cent, ad valorem ; if dyed or colored, forty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On cotton velvet, velveteen, corduroy, or other like
manufactures, and on all manufactures of cotton, and
ot cotton with other materials, not otherwise provided
for in this act, forty per cent, ad valorem: Provided.
That a distinct statement of the quantity, by yards,
of all cotton velvets, velveteens, and like goods shall
be made.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On ready-made clothing or wearing apparclof silk,
or of which silk shall bo a component material ot
chief value, made up wholly or in part, sixty percent.
ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On manufactures of cotton, linen, sill:, wool, worsted
or other material, if embroidered or tamboured m the
loom or otherwise by machinery, or with the needle
or other process, and of which the embroidering or
tambouring is the chief value, fifty per cent, ad t>a-
lorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On all ribbons, beltings, galloons, hat bands, bind-
ings, braids, fringes, gimps, cloak and dress trim-
mings, fancy buttons, cords, dress cords, tassels, cords
and tassels, head-nets, liead-dretses, neck-ties and
scarfs, made of silk, or of which silk is a, component
material, seventy-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee whether it would be incom-
patible with other provisions of the bill to in-
sert the words "cotton and woolen" after the
word "silk," so that it will read, "made ofsillc,
cotton, and woolen."
Mr. MORRILL. I think it would. We have
already made a provision for these articles so
far as worsted is concerned. If they are part
cotton and part wool, they are provided for.
Mr. KELLEY. If they are of cottonj is there
any provision for them? It is a growing branch
of manufacture.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe there is.
The Clerk read as follows:
On lastings, mohair cloth, silk twist, or other man-
ufactures of cloth, woven or made in patterns of such
size, shape, and form, or cut in such manner as to be
fat for use in the manufacture of shoes, boots, and
bootees exclusively, not combined with India rubber,
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word "rubber," the words "and lastingsin the
piece."
The amendment, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On lastinsfs, mohair cloth, silk twist, or other man-
ufactures of cloth, woven or made in patterns of such
size, shape, and form, or out in such manner as to bo
tit lor use in the manufactuie of buttons exclusively,
not combined with India rubber, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sicc.4. And be it further enacted. That, in lieu of tho
duties heretofore imposed bylaw on the importation
of the in tides hereaftor mentioned, there shall bo
levied, eoliected, and paid the following duties and
rates of duty, that is to say: on flax, unmanufactured,
twenty dollars per ton; on flax, hackled, known as
dressed line, forty-five dollars por ton; on flax, of
tow, five dollars per ton ; on jute, unmanufactured,
twenty dollars per ton; 011 burlaps, canvas paddings,
cot bottoms, duck, and all manufactures of juto or of
which jute is a component material of chief value,
not herein otherwise provided for, threo cents per
squaieyard, and, 111 addition thereto,thirty percent.
ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
words "manufacture of" the words "piece
goods made of;" so that it will read, "manu-
factured of piece goods made of jute."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GrRINNELL. I move to strike out the
words "three cents" and insert "two cents."
This will reduce the cost of bagging required
for wheat, oats, and other grain by the farmers
in removing their crops. As we cannot supply
this article ourselves, T think the duty ought to
be lowered. -
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all other manufactures of jute, or of which jute
is a component, materia! of chief value, not herein
otherwise provided for, thirty-fivo per cent, ad va-
lorem.
Mr. McRUER. I move to add the words
" ou Manilla cordage untarred, three cents per
pound." The present duty is two and a half
cents, which, with the internal revenue tax, I
contend is not a sufficient protection to enable
us to compete with the cheap labor of Manilla.
I think the amendment will meet the approba-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Mcjans.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Massachusetts. I suggest
that the gentleman vary the language of his
amendment so that it shall be "on cordage of
Manilla hem]) untarred, three cents per pound.''
Mr. McRUER. I accept the modification.
The amendment was agree'd to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On gunny-cloth, gunny-bags, cotton bagging, or
other manufactures not otherwise herein provided
for, suitable for the uses to which cotton bagging is
applied, composed wholly or in part of hemp, juto,
flax, or other material valued at ten cents or less per
square yard, three cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty per cent, ad valoiem; valued at over
ten cents per square yard, four ccnts per pound, and,
in addition thereto, thirty-five per ccnt. ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. Imovetostrikout "thirty
per cent,." and insert "fifteen percent.," and
also to strike out "thirty-five per cent." and
insert " twenty per cent."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I rise to sug-
gest to the chairman of the committee the ex-
pediency of striking out the ad valorem duty
altogether. The article of gunny-bags and
o-unny-cloth is a very important one in Amer-
ican commerce, and the importation of it is
confined almost entirely to American mer-
chants. I understand the quantity now im-
ported is hardly equal to the present increasing
