1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
under the impression that at some time and in
some way we ought at least to reimburse the
loyal citizens of the rebellious States who fur-
nished supplies for the Army, and especially
that class of claimants who have received
vouchers from the Government.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman aquestion. Inthe judgment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] is there
any class of claims coming from the South more
"meritorious than those for injury suffered by
loyal men on account of their loyalty alone;
men whose property was destroyed by rebels,
which property would not have been destroyed
but for the fact that they stood by the flag of
their country ? And if the gentleman admits that
class of claims as meritorious as any, appealing
to sound discretion, I ask whether he proposes
in any view that they shall be paid by the Gov-
ernment of the United States?
Mr. NIBLACK. I will try to answer the
gentleman. I did not allude in my remarks
to that class of claims. I will say, however, in
reply, that there is no stronger class than that
of persons suffering in that way. But there is
a difference according to the law of nations, as
I understand it, between this class of claimants
and those who have furnished means to our
armies; those who have furnished them and have
received vouchers for such supplies in the usual
form. I regard the latter more favorably than
the former, because the faith of the Govern-
ment has been pledged, I think, inthe transac-
tion.
But I was about to remark that I have always
believed that in some way and at some time or
other we ought to reimburse this class of claim-
ants. But in the present condition of things,
in view of the large amount of our debt, and in
view of the present financial condition of the
country, we are in no condition to meet that
question now. And as we are not in a condition
to do it, and as other questions of great impor-
tance are antecedent to this, and upon which this
whole question to some extent hinges, and are
yet undetermined, being yet before Congress
and before the country, I have consented to
support the resolution reported by the commit-
tee. I do not concur, however, in the propriety
of adopting a resolution permanently suspend-
ing action on that class of claims, but prefer to
leave this whole question open, to be deter-
mined as one of the great questions now pend-
ing before the House, upon which v/e mustact,
I suppose, during the present Congress.
Therefore, while I am willing to vote for the
resolution, and shall do so, I do not wish to be
considered as committed to the line of argu-
ment submitted by the chairman of the com-
mittee, nor to some of the propositions con-
tained in the report which accompanies the
resolution of the committee. All I agree to
'is, that for the present, under existing circum-
stances, we ought not to attempt to adjudicate
on these claims individually j that wc eannotdo
so properly ; and hence I hope the House will
relieve us from doing so until they shall first
adopt some general policy embracing the rebel-
lious States and all the people of those States,
•which shall give us to understand what are the
relations of those people to the Government.
Mr. WARD. I desire, with the permission
of the chairman of the committee, to say a few
words.
Mr. DELANO. I consent.
Mr. WARD. I concurred with much reluc-
tance in the report which comes from the com-
mittee. I felt that the loyal men of the South
who have been faithful among the faithless, who
had risked all and suffered all, and the wives
and children of those who had perished in con-
sequence of tlieir devotion to the national flag,
should be in a measure compensated for the
losses which they had sustained in consequence
of their adherence to the national Government.
But, sir, the magnitude of these losses, the dif-
ficulty of distinguishing at this time between
loyal men and traitors, and the condition of our
finances, admonished me that we should not
now open a door that would let in financial
Win, national disgrace, and perhaps repudia-
tion of the national debt. I felt that this class
of claims might double the national debt, and
so bring about results which all would depre-
cate—results so deplorable, I am sure, that all
would wish to avert them, and none more so
than those patriotic men whose claims are so
strong and who have shown by their sacrifices
that the national honor is very dear to them.
And so far as I am concerned I desire to say
that I hope this action will not be regarded as
final; that it shall not bind as aprecedentthose
who shall come afterward ; but I hope that at
no distant day, when the dark clouds that sur-
round our national pathway shall have vanished,
when the difficult work of reconstruction shall
be done, when the nation no longer reels under
a gigantic national debt, and when those loyal
men shall bo clearly ascertained, then justice
shall be done to these people, and the nation
shall reward them as they deserve.
Mr. THORNTON. 1 simply desire to make
a brief explanation in regard to the report and
resolution submitted by the chairman of the
Committee of Claims. I concurred in the res-
olution, but I do not agree with the reasons
contained in the report. In regard to one
class of claims, those growing out of the rav-
ages of war, I have 110 hesitation in saying
that the Government is under no obligation,
at any time, now or hereafter, either in loyal or
disloyal States, to pay for the ravages by war,
and the resolution would with more propriety,
in my judgment, have separated that class from
the other. But in regard to that part of the
resolution which declares that until otherwise
ordered, the Committee of Claims be instructed
to reject all claims growing out of the appro-
priation-of or damage to property by the Army
and Navy, &c., I cannot agree to it. I un-
derstand that the reason which has governed
the allowance of claims of this character is
based upon the provision in the Constitution
that private property shall not be taken for
public use without just compensation. Now, I
would ask the difference between private prop-
erty taken in disloyal States and that taken in
loyal States. Wo pay for subsistence taken in
loyal States; why not pay for subsistence taken
in disloyal States? It seems to me that there
can be no difference between property growing
out of the mere fact of the residence of its
owners. The citizens in the disloyal States
owed allegiance to the Federal Government
as well as the citizens in loyal States, and we
owed them a corresponding protection. Shall
it be said that because our armies in inarching
through the disloyal States took private prop-
erty for the subsistence and support of the Army,
to make it efficient in the suppression of the re-
bellion, the citizens of those States shall be en-
tirely cut off from relief?
Mr. DELAN0. I would inquire of the Chair
how much more time 1 have.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has twelve
minutes more.
Mr. DELANO. Then I must ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to allow me to resume the
floor.
Mr. THORNTON. I will conclude in a
moment. The reason why I concur with the
resolution is this: 1 think it is an inopportune
time to take up the question of these claims.
These States, if they are States—and gentlemen
upon the other side declare that they are not—
have 110 Representatives here. I think these
claims should be postponed until they have Rep-
resentatives here. ltwas for the reason thatthc
committee could not come to any just conclu-
sion in regard to this class of claims that I was
in favor of reporting this resolution, and am
now in favor of it. I desired merely to explain
that I do not concur in the reasons of the re-
port.
Mr. DELANO. LTnless the House are dis-
posed to extend the time allotted to mc, I shall
be under the necessity of bringing the House
to a vote on this question, although I would be
very glad to accommodate gentlemen.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be called now.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that he had better allow this question
to be debated for an hour or .two.
Mr. DELANO. I have no objection to auy
extension of time so that I can get a vote on the
resolution to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest that the debate
be continued for two hours, ten minutes.being
allowed to each speaker.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. Tw.o hours
is too long a time.
Mr. LATHAM. I object to that arrange-
ment, limiting debate to ten-minute speeches.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then let
us have a vote now if gentlemen on the other
side object to discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON." That would be punishing
the whole House for the act of one man.
Mr. DELANO. I have no objection to any
extension of time the House may desire.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
at three minutes after two o'clock the special
order will come up, which is the consideration
of the bill in relation to the Freed men's Bureau,
which is the special order for to-day after the
morning hour, and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
Mr. DELANO. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope that it will be
sustained, since objection is made on the other
side to discussion.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were, on a division—ayes 73,
noes 87.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. LE BLOND. I think there has been a
misunderstanding upon this subject. I do not
think my friend upon my right [Mr. Latham]
meant to object to any time being taken for
debate.
Mr. LATHAM. My objection was misun-
derstood. I objected merely to the taking of
two hours' time for debate.
The SPEAKER. Notwithstanding the sec-
onding of the previous question, debate can go
on by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is too
late now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
suggested that ten-minute speeches for two
hours be allowed upon this pro]:>osition to-day,
and at the end of the two hours the House
should come to a vote upon it.
Mr. WASHB CJRNE, of Illinois. I object to
two hours' debate, though I. would agree to oue
hour.
Mr. JOHNSON. Would that include the
hour to which the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Dici.axo,] as the member who reported this
resolution, is entitled after the previous ques-
tion is seconded?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The Chair
will ask if there is any objection to continuing
the debate for one hour.
Mr. DFMING. I object to that,
Mr. LATHAM. Is it in order to refer this
resolution to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. Thatcaunotbe done with-
out unanimous consent.
Mr. .KUYKENDALL. I object to anything
| but voting.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. As there seems to be a
determination to cut off any suggestions that
may come from others, I shall have to move to
lay this resolution upon the table, and upon that
motion I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 36, nays 118, not
voting 28: as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Boyer, Brooks, Dawson, Demson,
Eldi irlge.Finck, Garfield. Glossbrenner.Goodyear.Gri-
der, Grinncll, Aaron Hardin#, Karri?. Chester D. Hub-
bard, Johnson. Latham, Le Blond.Marshall, Nichol-
son, Phelps, Radford. William H. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Sclienek, Shanklin« femito,
Stevens, Taber, Taylor, Francis Xhoma*. imnole,
Robert T. Van Horn, aiid Wiight—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ash-
