1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
39th Cong..,. 1st Sess.
Apportionment of Jtepresentation—Mr. Williams.
Senate. ■
tions of that country the negroes have no
knowledge that they are free, or only vague
conceptions of their rights and duties as free-
men. Sir, give these men a little time, give
them a chance to learn that they are free, give
them a chance to acquire some knowledge of
their rights as freemen : give them a chance to
learn that they are independent and can act for
themselves, give them a chance to divest them-
selves of that feeling of entire dependence for
subsistence and the sustenance of their fami-
lies upon the land-holders of the South to which
they have been so long accustomed: give them
a little time to shake the manacles off of their
minds that have just been stricken from their
hands, and I will go with the honorable Sena- -
tor from Massachusetts to give them the right
of suffrage ; and I will here express the hope
that the day is not far distant when every man
born upon American soil within the pale of
civilization may defend his manhood and his
rights as a freeman by that most effective bal-
lot which—
•" Executes the freeman's will
As lightning does the will of God."
I suppose that I might as well, as I have
alluded to this question of eonstitutiona>l amend-
ments', refer to the proposed substitute offered
by the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson.] I confess that I was somewhat
surprised the other day to hoar the honorable
Senator characterize the amendment which had
been reported from the committee of fifteen
after two or three weeks' deliberation, and after
it had passed the other House by a majority of
more than two thirds, as stuff and nonsense,
and say that the substitute which he proposed
was sufficient in the place of all constitutional
amendments or congressional legislationin ref-
erence to former slaves. I will not assail the
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
in the same manner in which he attacked the
report of the committee, but I will remark that
the constitutional amendment which he offers
as a substitute allows a State to make any dis-
crimination that is not founded upon race or
color. New York State, under that constitu-
tional amendment, might exclude every man
born in Europe from the right of suffrage or
from representation, and any discrimination
could be founded upon nativity, intelligence,
condition, circumstances, sex, and upon any-
thing and everything, provided that it is not
upon color or race; and to adopt that amend-
ment at this time and in this form would seem
to give countenance to the charge so often made,
that we are more willing to make laws and con-
stitutional amendments for black than for white
men.
I object to this constitutional amendment of
the Senator from Missouri because it allows all
the Indians in the States of the Union to vote.
Sir, the bloodthirsty and murderous Sioux of
Minnesota, the Cayuses aud the Walla Wallas
and the Snakes, that, banditti of the desert, in
Oregon, aud the Digger Indians "of California,
are all made voters by the Senator's constitu-
tional amendment, and invested with that high
prerogative of American citizenship. Does the
honorable Senator suppose that the State of
Minnesota, or the State of Oregon, or the State
of California would submit from choice to this
degradation, if not danger of political associ-
ation ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that the Sen-
ator will permit me to suggest, just at,this point,
that he is clearly mistaken in the statement that
he now makes. I thought that he did me great
injustice a moment ago, but I did not choose to
interfere. Now, certainly he does me great
injustice in supposing that I have offered an
amend which would force California, Minnesota,
and other States to permit Indians to vote. As
I understand. California provides in her consti-
tution to-day that a man to vote must be a citi-
zen of the United States: nearly all the States
so provide. A man to vote in the Senator's
State must be a citizen of the United States.
The other day we declared that certain persons
were citizens of the United States; but he knows
perfectly well that all Indians not taxed were
excluded by that bill which we propose to pass}
and unless the Indians referred to are sepa-
rated from th§ tribal authority, unless they have
become indeed citizens of the State and of the
United States by virtue of the law which we
propose now to pass, they cannot vote under
this constitutional amendment. The States
need not say that they exclude the Indians
in consequence of the fact that they are of a
different race or color, but they may simply
say that no man shall vote unless he is a citizen
of the United States, and that surely will ex-
clude every Indian to whom the Senator refers.
He is certainly doing me very great injustice.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, this is a
constitutional amendment, and is to endure.
The law to which the gentleman refers, in the
first place is not a law; it has passed the Senate
but has not yet passed the House of Represent-
atives ; but if this constitutional amendment is
adopted by Congress and ratified by the States
taking the law as it now stands, I say it will
make the wild and untamed savages of the
wilderness and the desert voters in the United
States.
Mr, HENDERSON. These Indians are not
now citizens, and if that law is passed or re-
pealed they would still not be citizens. They
never were citizens, and no matter what our
legislation is here, any State of the Union that
wants to prevent her Indians from voting can
do so. The Senator certainly must see the
proposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I may misunderstand this
proposed amendment, but it declares that no
State shall make any discrimination on account
of race or color. Now, if the State of Oregon
provides that Indians within that State shall
not vote it would be a discrimination on account
of race.
Mr. HENDERSON. Butthe Senator does
not understand me. I see now clearly he does
not. Suppose that Oregon declares that no
man shall vote unless he be a citizen of the
United States, will that not exclude all the In-
dians in his State that he speaks of, because
they are not now citizens, they are not pro-
posed to be declared citizens by the law which
we are proposing to pass, they never have been
citizens, and whether we pass this law or not they
will not be. Therefore Oregon need say noth-
ing in regard to color or race, but simply say
that no man who is not a citizen of the United
States shall vote. Thai is the law of Oregon
to-day ; hence all the Indians he speaks of are
excluded.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Citizenship in the United
States, as I understand it, depends upon the
will of Congress; and if the views the honor-
able Senator expressed the other day when he
favored making all those Indians citizens should
obtain in Congress, then it would follow that
under this constitutional amendment they would
be voters.
Mr. HENDERSON. Permit me to ask the
Senator whether, if an Indian separates himself
from the tribal authority, and the State taxes
bim. he does not believe that Indian ought to
vote ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do, and that was the
position I took the other day, but the honor-
able Senator took the position that no such
distinction should -be made, as I understood
him.
Mr. HENDERSON. Surely not. The Sen-
ator misunderstood me. I did not propose,
unless the Indian separated himself from his
tribal authority, that he should ever be a citi-
zen of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If all these explanations
and annotations of the honorable Senator could
accompany this proposed amendment through-
out the United States, he might be able to sat-
isfy the people that it does not mean what it
says ; but it is as broa^I and as comprehensive
as the English language can make it, and it is
intended to prevent any State from making
discrimination between white men, Indians,
negroes, or persons of any color or of any race.
I pass, however, from that objection, and I
insist that the fatal and conclusive objection to
the proposed substitute of the Senator from
Missouri is that it cannot be adopted. All the
impassioned declamation and all the vehement
assertions of the honorable Senator do not
change or affect the evidence before our eyes
that the people of these United States are not
prepared to surrender to Congress the absolute
right to determine as to the qualifications of
voters in the respective States, or to adopt the-
proposition that all persons, without distinction
of race or color, shall enjoypoliticalrights and
privileges equal to those now possessed by the
white people of the country. Sir, some of the
States have lately spoken upon that subject.
WisconsinandConneeticut, northern, loyal, and
republican States, have recently declared that
they would not allow the negroes within their-
own borders political rights; and is it probable
that of the thirty-six States more than six, at
the most, would at this time adopt the consti-
tutional amendment proposed by the gentle-
man?
He says that he is right, and therefore his
constitutional amendment should be adopted
by Congress as a substitute for the one reported
by the committee. If it be always expedient it
is not always practicable to do exactly right.
Slavery before the rebellion was as wrong and
as wicked as it ever was. It was just as right
to abolish slavery in 1860 as it was in 1865. But
suppose before the rebellion occurred some one
had made a proposition here to submit to the
several States an amendment to the Constitu-
tion abolishing slavery, would there have been
the ghosj; of a chance for its adoption? Would
not the people of the country have laughed such
a proposition to scorn, and would not the hon-
orable Senator himself have joined heartily in
that laugh? He could have gone before the peo-
ple, as ho may now, and say'' this is right,'! but
that would have availed nothing, for the sup-
posed interests, to say nothing of the prejudices,
of the people would have scoffed at the argu-
ment. Congress cannot by its legislation com-
pel the people to adopt that to which the public
sentiment of the country is generally opposed.
The time had not then comc for the adoption
of the constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery. It was necessary that the events of the
war should educate the public mind and pre-
pare the people for its adoption: and now, as
the war has just closed, it is necessary that
events should be allowed to educate the public
mind before this constitutional amendment can
be adopted, if it can ever be adopted, and it is
not sufficient, to justify us, in submitting a prop-
osition to amend the Constitution to the people,
simply to say that in our judgment it is right.
Many things are right, but it may not be expe-
dient to try to do them without any delay. It
is no doubt right that the United States should
claim of Great Britain reparation for the dam-
ages done to our commerce by her privateers
during the late war ; but would it be expedient
for Congress to involve this country under exist-
ing circumstances in war to enforce that claim?
To put down the rebellion was no doubt, right,
but suppose some madcap colonel had hurled
a thousand of our heroes upon the bayonets of
ten thousand rebels and caused them all to be
slaughtered, would that colonel have been jus-
tified in his conduct by saying, ''I was right, and
therefore it was not necessary to exercise any
judgment as to the ways or means to secure
that right." Are men to discard all reason,
judgment, and foresight as to the means to
accomplish a given end?
Suppose the honorable Senator wanted to go
to New York. He has expressed great con-
tempt here for any indirect way ot attaining an
object. He has a right to go to New York.
Suppose that the direct route is obstructed by
