1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 22,
grants—tied up entirely from settlement and
improvement, and the whole country is being
injured in consequence of it; and I wish to
prevent any occurrences of this character in
future grants.
I therefore move to amend the motion to re-
commit by adding instructions that a proviso
be added that the lands hereby granted shall be
subject to preemption under the preemption
laws of the United States, the money realized
from such sales to bo paid over to the States
entitled to the lands.
And then, in regard to the question of grant-
ing these lands to Territories, I do not think it
is advisable to make a grant of ninety thousand
acres of land to each of the present organized
Territories. In some of our Territories the pop-
ulation is very limited ; perhaps it will be found
that in some of the Territories the population
of white resident inhabitants does not exceed
three thousand. I think it would bo wrong to
confer upon a Territory with such a sparse pop-
ulation agrant of ninety thousand acres of land,
as this bill"proposes. The probabilities are that
if you should make a grant of that kind to a
Territory with only that population, before five
years nearly all of these lands would be squan-
dered and misapplied to purposes not intended
by the original grant.
Now, for the purpose of obviating any diffi-
culty of that kind 1 desire to propose another
instruction to the.committee, to provide that
the land hereby granted to the Territories shall
not be incumbered or disposed of until said
Territories are admitted into the Union as
States.
Mr. BTDWELL. T desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Hubbard] that the
objections lie has urged do not apply to this
bill. In the first place, the substitute proposed
does not grant any land at all. I have no
objection, in the second place, to having a pro-
viso inserted requiring the lands to be disposed
of, and oven settled upon if necessary; I am
willing to have that done. But nearly all the
States for whose benefit the law was enacted
have received their lands, and this bill is only
for the purpose of extending the time to allow
new States to take this grant.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 hope this bill will not bo.
recommitted to the Committee on Agriculture
or referred to any committee. The main pur-
pose of the bill is certainly a good one. It is
merely to allow the new States of Colorado and
West Virginia and Nevada the same benefits
that other States have enjoyed. Of course the
genlleman from California, [Mr. Bidwkli,,] as
I understand, does not now adhere to the pro-
vision of the bill giving lands to Territories. And
having abandoned that portion of the bill, the
only other objection is that in regard to extend-
ing the time and to give lands to new States
which have been admitted into the Union since
the bill was passed.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Mohrill] why there should not
be, in connection with this extension of timelo
all the States, a proviso requiring them within
a limited time to put on sale the lands that have
been selected, if they ask now an extension
of lime, why not make it a condition that the
lands shall, within a specified period, be put to
the use for which they were intended?
Mr. MORRILL. When the original bill was
under consideration it underwent a very search-
ing^ scrutiny, and after a long and patient ex-
amination in both Houses, it received such a
shape as obtained for the measure the votes of,
I believe, more than two thirds of the members
of both bodies. I think it would not be wise
or proper to open any of the questions which
were then settled. I believe that we should
grant to these new States precisely the same
terms as we granted to all the other States.
Mr. KASSON. The answer to that, Mr.
Speaker, is that the main object to be accom-
plished by the bill was what members voted
for; and that was the establishment of agri-
Cultural colleges. No one believed that die
effect of the measure would be to depopulate,
or rather to'prevent the population of, tne new
States in" which the lands are situated. I know
that my friend from the Pacific slope, the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture,
[Mr. Bidwell,] sympathizes entirely with me
in the desire that every bill making a grant of
public lands should contain such a provision
as will insure the settlement and cultivation
of those lands, and prevent their being held for
speculative purposes. My object in these re-
marks is to call the attention of the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, the Committee on Public
Lands, and the House generally, to the im-
portance of such a provision in connection with
every bill which will enable us to reach that
question.
Mr. BIDWELL. I yield for a few moments to
the gentleman from Washington, [Mr. Dejtny.]
Mr. DENNY. As the interests of the Ter-
ritories are involved in this question, I desire
to state that several of the Territories have
already taken steps to accept this land grant,
with the understanding that the original bill
extended the grant to the Territories. I desire
to say that if it is proper to make a donation
to promote educational interest, certainly the
time when that donation is most needed and
is calculated to be of the greatest possible ben-
efit is the proper time to bestow it. There-
fore this grant should extend to Territories as
well as States.
I desire to say further that I concur in the
idea advanced by the gentleman from Iowa,
that if the Territories are included at all, and
I trust they will be, they should certainly have
the privilege of disposing of the lands; and so
far as 1 am concerned, 1 do not wish my Ter-
ritory included in this grant unless it be done
in such a way that the land there shall not be
tied up and debarred from settlement. I trust
that gentlemen of this House who are inter-
esting themselves in this question will endeavor
to deal justly and liberally with the Territories.
Mr. BIDWELL. I yield for a few moments
to the gentlemenfrom Dakota, ("Mr. Burleigh.]
Mr. BURLErGH. Mr. Speaker, I should
like to know on what principle of equity the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Hubbard] would
have these lands withheld from the Territories
while they are granted to the States. The peo-
ple of our Territories certainly need something
of this kind as much as the States. It appears
to nie that Congress is in duty bound to regard
the interests and wants of the Territories as
much as those of the States. The people of
the Territories have gone there from almost
every State in the Union, whose feelings they
to a great extent represent. The people of
the Territories are poor; they have not the
means of establishing schools and colleges
without the aid of the Government. It is very
true that our population is sparse; the Terri-
tories are not thickly settled, but I think the
allusion to that fact would have come more
gracefully from any other gentleman than the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Hubbard,] whose
district, I believe, spreads over thirty-seven
counties.
Mr. BIDWELL. I must decline to yield
any longer, as I desire to have a vote on the
motion to recommit this morning. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man to let the instructions be offered, so that
we may have a vote on them.
Mr. BIDWELL. I have no objection.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move, then,
to add as an amendment to the motion to
recommit the following instructions:
Resolved, That the land hereby granted shall be
subject to preemption, and the preemption laws of
the United States, and the money realized from such
sales shall be paid over to the States that may be
entitled to the lands: Provided, The lands hereby
granted to the Territories shall not be incumbered
or disposed of until said Territories are admitted as
States of the Union.
Mr. BIDWELL. I renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the instructions
will be voted down.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think the word '"'respec-
tively " has been omitted after '' States.''
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Let it be in-
serted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. If the motion to recommit
be voted down, then the next question in order
will be on the substitute I have offered.
The SPEAKER. Theprevious question does
not exhaust itself till the third reading of the
bill.
Mr. JULIAN. Is an amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. Tt is not, as the previous
question has been seconded.
Mr. JULIAN. I desired to move to refer
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill and pending amendments were then
recommitted to the Committee on Agriculture.
national academy of science.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from Joseph Henry, Esq., the
vice president of the_National Academy of Sci-
ence, transmitting its report for the year 1865.
Mr. KASSON. If that report relates to
coinage, weights, and measures, then it ought
to be referred to the committee on that sub-
ject. I make that motion, and if it does not,
we can report it back again.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved that it be
referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois, moved that
it be laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave or absence.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. Woodbridge for a
week from to-morrow.
clerk to committee on commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Commerce to
submit the following report:
The Committee on Commerce, in obedience to the
resolution of the House on that subject, and adopt-
ing substantially the report of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs on this subject, respectfully report:
That, "inthejudginentofthecommittee.aclerk is
necessary for the transaction of its business;" "that
as to the time their clerk is occupied in the necessary
and legitimate business of the committee," it cannot
be distinctly stated, varying as itdoes with the press-
ure of business. As to "what portion of the time of
the elcrk is occupied in attending to the private busi-
ness of the members of the committee." the commit-
tee will state that they deem that a matter of amity
between gentlemen, affecting only thepersonal rela-
tions of the clcrk and themselves, and which, if not
in any way interfering with the proper discharge of
his public duties, ought not, the committee most re-
respectfully submit, be made a question for legislative
action, nor even a subject for impertinent inquiry.
I move that it be laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise
to a question of privilege. I deny the right of
any chairman, I consider it disrespectful to the
House, after we have passed a solemn resolu-
tion, for any committee to turn on us and say
we have made an impertinent inquiry. If I
had been here when previous reports of a like
character were submitted I would have objected
to them as disrespectful to the House. We
have the right to inquire of our committees on
any subject we please, and' they have no right
to say to the House of Representatives we have
made an impertinent inquiry. I move that the
report be not received.
Mr. JENCKES. Move that it be recom-
mitted.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish also to con-
trast that report with one submitted a few days
ago by the Committee of Ways and Means. I
want to see the difference between them. I
now move that the report be not received.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. It has not yet been re-
ceived.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. -This re-
port follows the language of the report of- the
