1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2537
This is the language of the authorities, and this
the effect that has always been given to it by
all civilized nations. It not only exempts the
party from punishment, but remits him to all
his former rights, natural, civil, and political,
with'simply two exceptions: first, where rights
of third persons have intervened; and second,
where the disability has been created by statute,
and existed at the time of pardon. I con-
cede that if the disability now proposed to be
created had existed by the Constitution or-by
statute at the time of amnesty granted, it would
remain until removed by the same formalities;
but who ever heard of any civilized nation
affixing to an offense a punishment or even a
disability after the crime itself had been effaced,
wiped out, obliterated by an amnesty or a
pardon?
The eminent gentleman from Pennsylvania,
the chairman of the committee on the part of
the House, who reported this amendment, tak-
ing the same view of the law of the case as I
do, tells us in effect that the disability is not
intended to apply to such as have received par-
don and amnesty. He tells us that if the
amendment is adopted and becomes part of
the Constitution, and one of the amnestied
rebels conies to the polls and offers his vote
for member of Congress, &c., and shows his
pardon, then he has not adhered, &c., and is
not included in the expression, "all persons
who have adhered," &c. This is no doubt
correct; but let me tell the gentleman that in
this view of the case the amendment is mean-
ingless, yes, worse than meaningless, it is cause
of discord among the friends of the balance of
the amendment, where the utmost- harmony
should be cultivated. If adopted, it would not
stand in the way of a single rebel ballot. Long
before it can be adopted, every one of the few
unpardoned rebels now remaining will have
received the extreme unction of pardon by his
Excellency the President of the United States,
and will have become a voter by the side of the
most loyal, notwithstanding the prohibition.
It would be a dead letter.
The provision would also bo so easily evaded
by appointing electors of President and Vice
President through their Legislatures, as South
Carolina has always done.
Let us then reject tli^ dead weight, and not
load down good provisions, absolutely essen-
tial provisions, by this, which, however good
in and of itself, cannot be enforced.
I regard this provision, if adopted, both
worthless and harmless, and therefore I shall
vote for the proposed amendment as a whole,
whether this be rejected or retained. I am
heartily in favor of the whole amendment, ex-
cept this section three, and should be in favor
of that if 1 thought it could be given any effect;
and 1 have said this much because of my anx-
iety that the main provisions of the amend-
ment should prevail, and not be jeopardized
by the retention of a worthless provision.
Rebels must be taken care of here in the
Halls of Congress; and so long as the loyal
people of the country remain true to them-
selves and the Government, traitors will bo
taken care of here. The sword of justice will
continue to hang over the portals of these
Halls, and no traitor will be allowed to pass
their thresholds.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, to say that I
am not entirely satisfied with the plan for the
reconstruction of the rebel States reported by
the committee is probably to utter the senti-
ment of nearly every member of the House,
including the members of that committee. It
is most likely, also, that the expectation of the
country will be somewhat disappointed. Mind-
ful of the terrible struggle through which we have
just passed, with all its sad incidents, the people
are naturally earnest, anxious, and watchful.
Impressed with the former teaching of your
Chief Magistrate, they have come to believe that
treason is crime, and ought to be punished;
and that in any plan adopted for admitting the
people of the rebel States to a participation in
the government of the country, ample safe-
guards will be provided for future security.
Sir, I feel compelled to say that I do not think
the report of the committee quite meets their just
expectations. Nevertheless, so various are the
views of gentlemen of the House, as well as
of the individual members of the committee,
perhaps it is as nearly satisfactory as any sys-
tem that could have been agreed on with any
well-founded hope of adoption. I am inclined,
therefore, to support the joint resolution, though
I hope it may be amended. I have serious
objections to the third section, and I shall
experience regret if, through the inflexibility
of parliamentary rules, I am compelled to vote
upon the original resolution without an attempt
to amend it. It seems to me that the third section
will be found useless in its results and impracti-
cable in its operation, while it is calculated to
foster irritation and bad blood among the people
of the South. It makes a show on the face of it of
accomplishing what it is impotent to perform;
that, is to say, it assumes until the 4th day of
July, 1870, to " exclude all persons who vol-
untarily adhered to the late insurrection, giving
it aid and comfort,'' from the right to vote '' for
electors for President and Yrice President of the
United States," yet we very well know that
such a provision would be entirely inoperative,
because electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent can be appointed by the Legislatures ac-
cording to a practice that has always obtained
in South Carolina. The provision does not
extend to the election of Senators, and conse-
quently it can operate only to affect the election
of members of this House, and that only for a
period of four years.
The State governments, the inspectors of
election, the rejection or reception and can-
vassing of votes, the returns and certificates,
in short the whole machinery of the elections
will be in the hands and under the control of the
very men whom you propose to disfranchise,
and the difficulties that will arise in an attempt
to execute the law are too obvious to require
particular specification. This section looks as
though it was intended for ornament rather
than for use. Perhaps I should say it has the
appearancc of having been introduced to mul-
tiply the conditions of restoration, thereby
rendering the scheme somewhat more impos-
ing. It was doubtless the offspring of com-
promise, the result of a contest of adverse
opinions, in which each one of the progenitors
gave up so much of his paternity that the bant-
ling is a mere shadow. It is, however, a shade
too thin to blind the eye, and it might as well
be reproved altogether. The people are not
likely to be blinded by so thin a veil, and it is
folly to undertake to deceive ourselves. The
people do not stand on punctilio. They want
no expedient adopted in order to gratify their
vanity, or to save a point of honor. They
desire the adoption of no measure whose sole
object is to assert their power over the rebels ;
that has already been established in the clash
of arms. They want protection and security
for the future, and to that end they believe it
indispensable that the Government should be
administered by loyal hands.
I do not know as there will be an opportu-
nity to offer amendments to this joint resolu-
tion ; but if permitted, I shall move to strike
out the third section and insert in lieu thereof
a section which I have taken in substance from
the bill introduced from the committee by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. The provision
which 1 would have inserted is, as follows:
Sec. 3, No person shall hereafter be eligible to any
office under the Government of the United Slates who
is included, ill any ot the following classes namely:
3. The president and vice president of the confed-
erate States of America so called, and the heads of
departments thereof.
2. Thoso who in other countries acted as agents of
tli 6 confedciate States of America so callcd.
3. Heads of Departments of the United States, offi-
cers of tlio Army and Navy of the United States, and
all persons educated at the military or Naval Acad-
emy of the United States, judges of the courts of tho
United States, and members of either llouso of tho
Thirty-Sixth Congress of the United States who gave
aid and comfort to the late rebellion.
The disability proposed by this amendment,
is quite inconsiderable, if we have regard to the
magnitude and consequences of the late rebel-
lion, and I have no doubt it falls short of the
public expectation. But-inconsiderable as it
is, it would at least prevent the intrusion of
the arch traitor Jefferson Davis into the Sen-
ate of the United States, and would exclude
permanently from this Hall the rebels who left
it in 1861 for the field of blood. Nor .could
such a measure be deemed objectionable by any"
candid mind, whether it be regarded as a ques-
tion of security for the future or as a punish-
ment for past offenses. What other nation
on the face of the earth would be so merciful,
so^ forgiving? Those men, by their flagitious
crimes, have created a mortgage of billions
upon the property of posterity that is to be.
They have murdered hundreds of thousands of
their fellow-men, and endangered our national
existence. They have forfeited citizenship,
property, life, which justice refuses to restore.
But we forget justice, and remember only
merey. We give them Kick life, property, cit-
izenship. And is not this enough ? Shall we
restore them to power; and make them our
rulers? Such a determination should be pre-
ceded by another amendment to the Constitu-
tion. The word treason should be expunged
from our organic law.
Mr. Speaker, I have little more to say. My
views in regard to the great subject of recon-
struction have been expressed in this Chamber
more than once, and I do not wish to repeat
them. But I desire to say that in my judg-
ment the remainder of the joint resolution has
great merit and ought to be adopted. I did
look for more thorough and reliable protection
for tho loyal men in the rebel States than we
are likely to secure. 1 did hope to see the
rights of the freedmen completely established.
I did believe that we should not ignore the
services of the brave colored men who hero-
ically bled in the defense of their country—a
country from which thus far they have received
injuries rather than blessings—and I did hope
that a just, if not a grateful country, would
insist that the preservers of liberty should enjoy
some share of its fruits; that we should have
the manhood and magnanimity to declare that
men who have wielded the sword in defense
of their country are lit to be intrusted with the
ballot. But I am convinced that my expecta-
tions, hitherto fondly cherished, are doomed to
some disappointment.
Yet I take this occasion to place on record
the assertion, that if this generation shall fail
fully to perform the duty that Providence seems
to have imposed upon it, the blame will not rest
wholly upon the Thirty-Ninth Congress. Every
measure adopted for the security of the people
against, rebels must be carried by a two-thirds
vote of each House. Against an antagonistic
Executive a majority of Congress alone cannot
adopt legislation needful to the condition of
the country.
But I will not on this account abandon all.
T. will accept of the best arrangement available.
I will vote for the substitute I propose, if I have
an opportunity. I will vote simply to strike
out the third section, if I can do no more; and
failing in that, I will vote for the joint resolution
as it stands.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I have listened to
thf^rguments made by the honorable gentlemen
upon tho other side; and out of five or six to
whom I have attentively listened, only one has
treated the minority on this side of the House
with common courtesy or eomin on respect. I am
sorry that a grave and important question like
this cannot be discussed by the representatives
of the people of this country without indulging
in vile vituperation of those who happen to dis-
agree with the majority. Sir, I honor the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
B\xks] for the manner in which he has always
treated us on this side, and for the ability with
which he has discussed the questions which
have come before this House for consideration.
Sir, I think it is belittling the character of this
House for a gentleman of such high standing
and of so much intellect as the honorable gen-
tleman from the Lancaster district of I ennsyl-
vania £Mr. StevensJ to commencc his argu-
