1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
said three years unless a settlement shall be made
with said ocoupant by the owner, satisfactory to the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau.
The committee propose to add the following
proviso:
Provided, Whenever the owners of lands occupied
under breneralSherman's field order shall be entitled
to the restoration of said lands, the Commissioner is
hereby authorized, upon the agreement and with the
written consent of said occupants, to procure other
lands for them by rent or purchase, or to set apartfor
them out of the public lands assigned for that pur-
pose in section tour ot this bill forty acres each, upon
the terms and conditions named in said section.
The next amendment is in section six. It
reads as follows:
_ Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner shall, under the direction of the President,
procure in the name of the United States, by grant or
purchase, such lands withm the districts aioresaid as
may be required tor refugees and frcedmen depend-
ent on the Government for support; and ho shall
provide or cause to be erected suitable buildings for
asylums and schools. But no such purchase shall be
made, nor contract for the same entered into, nor
other expense incurred, until after appropriations
shall have been provided by Congress tor the general
purposes of this act, out of which payments for said
lands shall be made. And the Commissioner shall
cause such lands from time to time to be valued, al-
lotted, assigned, and sold in manner and form pro-
vided in the fourth section of this act at a price not
less than the cost thereof to the United States.
We strike out the words "for the general"
and insert "such," so that it will read "such
purposes;" and instead of " of this aet out of
which payments for said lands shall be made,"
insert these words:
And no payments shall be made for lands pur-
chased under this section, except for asylums and
schools, from any moneys not specifically appiopri-
ated therefor.
In the eighth secLionwe insert the words '' and
the preceding;" so that it will read:
Snc. 8. And be it further enacted, That any person
who. under color of any State or local law, ordinance,
police, or other regulation or custom, shall, in any
State or district in which the ordinary course of judi-
cial proceedings has been interrupted by the rebel-
lion, subject, or causc to be subjected, any negro,
mulatto, freedman, refugee, or other person, on ac-
count of race or color, or a:ny previous condition of
slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted, or for any other cause, to the deprivation
of any civil right secured to white persons, or to any
other or different punishment than white persons aro
subject to tor the commission of like acts or ofienses,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding $1,000, or imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both; and it shall be the
duty of the officers and agents of this bureau to take
jurisdiction of and hoar and determine all offenses
committed against the provisions of this section, and
also of all cases affecting negroes, mulattoes, freed-
inen, refugees, or other pel sons who are discriminated
against in any of the particulars mentioned in the pre-
ceding section of this act, under such rules and regu-
lations as the President of the United States, through
the War Department, shall prescribe. The jurisdic-
tion conferred by this and the preceding section on
the officers and agents of this bureau shall cease and
determine whenever the discrimination on accountof
which it is conferred ceases, and in no event to be ex-
ercised in any State in which the ordinary course of
judicial proceedings has not been interrupted by the
rebellion, nor in any such State after said State shall
have been fully restored in all its constitutional rela-
tions to the United States, and the courts of the State
and of the United States within the same are not dis-
turbed or stopped in the peaceable course of justice.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to under-
stand from the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether this bill now before us is printed with
the amendments as it passed the Senate.
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; as it passed.
Mr. CONKLING. So that tlio amendments
proposed are ingrafted on the bill as it passed.
Mr. ELIOT. There is one formal amend-
ment in the eighth section, a mere verbal one.
In line twenty-live strike out the word ''to"
and insert ''shall," so that it shall read, "The
jurisdiction conferred by this and the preced-
ing sections shall cease." The grammar of it
troubled some of my literary friends, and it
may now as well be made right.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will proceed to open
the debate upon this subject, and I should bo
glad to have the discussion of it brought to as
speedy a close as practicable. It is of impor-
tancethat we should legislate upon this matter
quickly, and I hope it will not be necessary to
occupy, either on this or the other side of the
House, much time in its discussion.
Before proceeding, however, I will move to
recommit the bill.
Mr. DONNELLY. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield?
Mr. ELIOT. I will for the purpose of offer-
ing an amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Pike. )
The motion to recommit cuts off amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw the motion to re-
commit for that purpose.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to insert in sec-
tion six, line seven, after the word "schools,"
the following:
And the Commissioner may provideacommon-school
education for allrefugeesorfreedmen who shall apply
therefor.
Mr. ELIOT. I now renew the motion to
recommit.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask the
gentleman in regard to the proposed arrange-
ment for debate on this subject. Do I under-
stand him to say that he invited or did not in-
vite debate?
Mr. ELTOT. I did not say either. I said I
was desirous to have the debate upon it come
to an end as soon as practicable. I do not pro-
pose to interfere with a reasonable discussion,
if that is what the gentleman means.
Mr. CHANLER. That is all I wish. Does
the gentleman propose to permit reasonable
discussion of the bill, and if so, will he state
what he means by reasonable discussion?
Mr. ELIOT. I shall have to reserve the
answer to that, for I promise the gentleman
now that if the debate upon the bill assumes a
wide range and embraces all subjects of recon-
struction, I shall feel myself called upon to de-
mand the previous question. But so long as a
reasonable discussion of the bill is wanted ldo
not expect to do so.
Mi-. DONNELLY. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts if he will yield to me
to make some remarks on the amendment I
have offered and upon the bill generally.
Mr. ELIOT. Why, no sir. 1 cannot exactly
do that; but the gentleman shall have an op-
portunity to present his views upon his amend-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, on the 3d day of last March
the bill establishing a Erecdmen's Bureau be-
came a law. Tt was novel legislation, without
precedent in the history of any nation, rendered
necessary by the rebellion of eleven slave States
and the consequent liberation from slavery of
four million persons whose unpaid labor had
enrichcd the lands and impoverished the hearts
of their relentless masters. No thoughtful man
could have observed the early successes of our
Union armies without discerning the great work
which linai triumph would render needful. The
rebellion miserably failed; but its failure has ef-
fected a revolution greater than its success could
have achieved—a revolution in the industrial
and social systems of all the southern States.
So it is that good is educed from evil. That is
a revolution that cannot go backward, nor can
its far-extending influence be bounded by the
States where it begun. The South was poisoned
by slavery, but South and North will be braced
to fresher health and inspired to higher life by
freedom. Already we feel its life-giving im-
pulses. The slave becomes freedman, and the
freedman man. and the man citizen, and the
citizen must be endowed with all the rights which
other men possess.
Say not, my friends, this must not be, fortruly
itmustbe! Resist it not! Fight not against it,
lest you too hear the voice as of old, "Saul!
Saul! why persecutcst thou me? It is hard
for thee to kiek against the pricks."
" The great objects of humanity are best at-
tained when conformed to His laws in the for-
mation of Governments as well as in all things
else." That is what the rebel vice president
Stephens said. "Our confederacy," he con-
tinued, "is founded upon principles in strict
conformity with those laws. This si one which
was first icjected by the builders is become
the 'chief stone of the corner' in our new edi-
fice." That blasphemy has been punished.
But do you not see that in a sense far other
than that which he intended, that rejected stone
U yet to be and forever to remain the founda-
tion stone ? But it will be the rock of freedom
and not of slavery on svhieh our Republic will
rest.
At an early day, when the fortunes of war had
shown alternate triumphs and defeats to loyal
arms, and the timid feared and the disloyal
hoped, it was my grateful office to introduce the
first bill creating a bureau of emancipation. It
was during the Thirty-Seventh Congress. But
although the select committee to which the bill
was referred was induced to agree that it should
be reported to the House, it so happened that
the distinguished chairman, Judge White, of
Indiana, did not) succeed in reporting it for our
action. At the beginning of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress it was again presented, and very soon
was reported back to the House under the title
of " A bill to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's
Affairs.'' It was fully debated and passed by the
House. The vote was sixty-nine in favor and
sixty-seven against the bill: but of the sixty-
seven who opposed it fifty-six had been counted
against it. because of their political affinities.
On the 1st of March, 1804. the bill went to the
Senate. It came back to the House on the 30th
of June, four days before the adjournment of
Congress. To my great regret the Senate had
passed an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute attaching this bureau to the Treasury De-
partment. But, it was too late to take action
upon it then, and the bill was postponed until
December. At that time the House non-con-
curred with the Senate, and a committee of con-
ference was chosen. The managers of the two
Houses could not agree as to whether the War
Department or the Treasury should manage the
affairs of the bureau. They therefore agreed
upon a bill creating an independent department
neither attached to the War nor Treasury, but
communicating diieetly with the President, and
resting for its support upon the arm of the War
Department. That bill was also passed by the-
Honsebut was defeated in the Senate. Another
confcrencc committee was chosen, and that
committee, whoso chairman in the House was
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, then
and now at the head of the Military Committee,
agreed upon a bill attaching the bureau to the
War Depart ment and embracing refugees as
well as freedmen in its terms. That bill is now
the law.
Now, Mr. Speaker. I desire to ask the atten-
tion of the House to what has been done in
organizing and conducting the affairs of this
bureau since the passage of the act. And I will
do it as briefly as I can from the official records
which have been procured at the Department.
The law was approved on tlie 3d of March,
1805. Nine months have not yet elapsed since
its organization. The order from the War
Department under which the bureau was or-
ganized bears date on the 12tli of May, 1805.
General Howard, who was then in command of
the department of Tennessee, was assigned as
Commissioner of the bureau. The bill became
a law so late in the session that it was impossi-
ble for Congress to legislate any appropriation
for its support. It was necessary, therefore,
that the management of it should be placed in
the hands of military officers, and fortunately
the provisions of She bill permitted that to be
done. General Howard was, as I stated, in
commandof the department of Tennessee when
he was detailed to this duty. _ But on the
loth of Mav, that is to say, within three days
after the order appointing him was issued, he
assumed the duties of his office ; and when he
did so, I take occasion to state that while he
intended as tlie Commissioner of the bureau
to provide as much uniformity as he could in
the matter of the employment and of the edu-
cation of the freedmen, he solicited the cooper-
ation of all officer* then in the field, under ap-
pointment from the Tieasury or from any other
quarter, to aid him in his work. And I believe
it has been his policy throughout, that while tho
freedman should understand that he was truly
free, lie should not. if he was able to work,
entertain tho thought that the Government, by
reason of the existence of this bureau, was dis-
posed or intended to support him in idleness.
39th Coxg. 1st Sr.
-ISO.
