1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3497
ad valorem duty to thirty-five per cent. It is
thirty-five under the existing law. This is a
most exorbitant increase of the rate of duty on
these goods. They are goods generally used
by the middle and poorer classes of the people
of the country. A small proportion of these
goods consumed, an exceedingly small one,
are manufactured in this country. They are
almost exclusively brought from abroad. I
do not think in relation to goods of that kind
it is designed to protect our manufacturers,
and wo should not put these enormous duties
on the importation of these goods.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say the manufac-
turers of the country are making a great mis-
take in pressing upon this House a bill which
proposes this enormous increase of duties. I
am satisfied the manufacturers of this country
need not so much this increase of duty as they
do stability in the law levying duties on im-
ports. Lot the manufacturers of this country
know what they are to depend on so they can
make investments and conduct business in pur-
suance of the interests they have, and they
will be a great deal safer under the present
laws of the United States than when we are
constantly changing our import duties.
There are a great many features in this bill
to which this objection of mine will apply;
and I am apprehensive they will operate as
much, if not more, to the benefit of those who
are holding the enormous stock of goods now
in this country as to the manufacturers them-
selves. The result will be, as I apprehend, at
the next session of Congress, after the benefit
has been derived by those holding the enor-
mous stock of goods at the present time, an
effort will be made to reduce the duty, and we
will probably swing to the other extreme. It
is better to support the present system of duty
and to notify the manufacturers of the country
there is to be some stability in the law, than
that there is to be a change at every recurring
session of Congress. I not only hope that the
amendment of the gentleman from Now York
will prevail, but that he will follow it up so as
to bring this bill as near to the present law as
possible.
I desire to submit another consideration to
the House, and it is this: by pressing the du-
ties to the high standard proposed in this bill
very many sections of the country, now dis-
posed to protect properly and equitably our
manufacturing interests, will be driven to the
Other extreme, and the manufacturers will find
the great body of the population of those sec-
tions, instead of as now favoring protection,
driven into free-trade ideas. There is more
danger from reaction to the manufacturing
interests than from letting them rest upon the
basis of the present law. I give that warning
to gentlemen who are asking us to make these
enormous rates; I give them the warning so
that they may know when the storm comes
hereafter it is the result of their own action
and not the design of any portion of the people
of the country to injure or cripple our manu-
facturing interests. 1 hope the amendment of
the gentleman from New York will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimousconsent,, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I regret
very much to find a gentleman of the sagacity
and talents of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] still adhering to his opposition to the
protection of American industry. He seems
determined that the raw material of the West
shall be shipped in bulk to feed the workshops
of Europe, and'that we shall take their manu-
factures in return for it instead of building up
a home, market here in the United States to con-
sume this raw material, thus saving the heavy
expense of transportation. I had hoped the
time had arrived for building up in every neigh-
borhood, in every portion of the country, a mar-
ket for our home products. We have long
enough been tributary to the pauper labor of
Europe, and we have long enough been deluded
by the idle idea that when we put protection upon
articles manufactured in this country we injure
the consumers here.
Sir, every man who has studied the subject
must know that in every country the time comes
when it is proper that manufactures should
spring up all over the country and home prod-
ucts should be consumed therg. I had hoped
that the great West, with its great interests, its
flourishing cities, its noble soil, had reached
a time when wo were to see all through the
valley of the Mississippi great manufacturing
cities, such as adorn all similar places in Eu-
rope, which consume not only their home prod-
ucts, but send them abroad, especially to young
nations; and I am astonished to find that any
gentleman possessing the talent of the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] should still ad-
here to the old notion, and insist upon sending
the products of the West, its sheep, bullocks,
corn, beef, and everything of that kind to
England for the purpose of purchasing those
articles they need. Sir, I did not intend to say
a word upon the subject of the tariff; but when
I heard such antiquated doctrines, which are
so erroneous, sent forth to the country by so
able a gentleman, I thought it proper to say a
word.
Mr. WILSON, oflo-wa. I have often heard
the same argument made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. It is not now. He charges me
with expressing antiquated ideas. It may be
that he has been uttering sentiments of the same
character himself. Now, I could understand,
while the war was in progress, and we were
incurring debts every day, why there should be
protection in customs duties; but now that the
war is over; now that we are reducing the vol-
ume of our national receipts; now, when we
have just passed an internal revenue act, which
we were told by the Committee of Ways and
Means would reduce the revenue $75,000,000,
I cannot understand why we should be asked
to go on and increase the duties on imports to
the enormous extent provided in this bill. I
am quite as anxious as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] can be to have
manufactories established all over the beautiful
country in which I reside ; I desire to see the
Mississippi and its tributaries lined from its
source to its mouth with manufacturing estab-
lishments, which will make that portion of the
country great, prosperous, and wealthy. But,
sir, I do not desire to do that at the expense
of what I believe to be sound policy on the part
of our country.
I have asked the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means to tell me how much the
duty provided for in this section increases the
duties levied under the existing tariff. 1 have
not received an answer from him ; but I have
received an answer from another source ; not
from an outsider, not from a manufacturer,
but from a member of this House, who is well
informed in relation to this subject, and he
tells me that the increase under this paragraph
will amount to one or two hundred per cent.
And yet we are told that it is necessary for us
to have that increase of duty, in order that
we may not send our raw material to Russia
to be manufactured there and brought back
to us, and that wo shall have a home mar-
ket. Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania
expect the consumers of the country, who are
to pay these exorbitantly increased rates un-
der the duty now proposed to be laid for the
purpose of sustaining the theory which he has
advanced here to-day of building up at some
future time manufactories of these particular
articles? Not at all. While we take care of
the interests of the manufacturer, wo must
take care, also, of the people who are to buy
the goods they manufacture, and who are
to pay these exorbitant rates of import duty.
If we do that the consumer will not quarrel
with the manufacturer, and the manufacturer
will have no cause to quarrel with the con-
sumer. I protest against the imposition of
import duties ranging from one to two hun-
dred per cent.; and I stand here to-day a
better friend of the manufacturing interest
than some who claim .to be its special cham-
pions. I ask the House to give stability to the
law in reference to this matter, and not to be
constantly changing it.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise in order to terminate debate upon this
paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imposts, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph of the special
order shall close in three minutes after the
committee ^resumes the consideration of the
same.
The motion was agreed to.
TAlUlfF BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspendgji and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofif.i.I) in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] would be u very good one if it were only
applied in the right place. 1 think it does
not apply to the paragraph now in question.
Now, sir, certainly these goods manufactured
here are not consumed by the poorer classes.
They are such articles as the gentleman comes
here clothed in on hot days; they are such
articles as table linen and diaper; and the effect
of the gentleman's amendment would be to give
no protection at all to those goods, and to strike
down the infant manufacture of flax in the
western country, in which the State of Iowa is
largely interested. The amount of increase on
these articles is extremely small, and I hope
that when the gentleman comes to offer his
amendment it will be voted down.
The question was taken on Mr. Doooe's
amendment, to strike out the word "crash;"
and on a division, there were—ayes fifty, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I now move to amend, on
page 14, line forty-four, by inserting the words
" crash, thirty-five per cent, ail valorem,."
Mr. KASS0N. I would ask the gentleman
if that is not already included in line thirty-one
of that section, which reads, "on brown and
bleached linen, damask table linen, brown Hol-
lands, Way, coatings, crash, duck, drills," &c.
The CHAIRMAN". No debate is in order
on this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now move to
amend the paragraph by striking out, in lines
thirty-two and thirty-three, the words "six
cents per square yard, and, in addition there-
to," and to insert after the word 11 thirty" in the
thirty-third line the word " fiveso that it will
read, " on brown and bleached linen, damask
table linen, brown Hollands, blay, coatings,
crash, duck, drills, diapers, and huekabueks,
valued at thirty cents per square yard, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.'' That will leave the
duty as it now is.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 40,
noes 53.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move now to amend
the section by striking out, in the thirty-second
line, the word "six" and inserting in lieu
