1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
1577
Committee on Military Affairs, which was
adopted unanimously.
Jlr. WENTWORTH. I was outside when
that was before the House or I would have
objected to it. I object to any report that is
impertinent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the report.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that it be
recommitted to the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washbciixe] withdraws the report.
He has a right to do so. The report will be
returned to the committee.
Mr. SPA LDING. Will the gentleman with-
hold his withdrawal for half a minute? I have
a remark to make.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
Mr. SPALDING. I suppose members of
the House have some rights.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection.
Mr. SPALDING. When the Committee on
Military Affairs made their report through
their chairman, [Mr. Schkkck,] I took excep-
tion to that report, as the House will bear me
witness. But the chairman of the committee
said that he meant no disrespect to the House ;
and with that explanation the report was ac-
cepted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And I
stated at the time that I should adopt the re-
port of the Committee on Military Affairs; but
my colleague [Mr. Wextworth] objects, and
I withdraw it.
NORTHERN KANSAS RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Fouxey, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had to-day adopted the
following resolution:
llcaohed, That tlie Secretary be directed to request
the House of Representatives to return to the Senate
bill No. 145, for a grant of lands to the State ef Kan-
sas to aid in the construction of the Northern Kansas
railroad and telegraph, which passed the Scnato, and
was sent to the House tor concurrence.
The SPEAKER. According to the usage,
the bill will be returned.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Imove that
the House proceed to consider the business on
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first business is House
bill No. 184, to authorize the sale of marine hos-
pitals and of revenue cutters, returned from the
Senate with amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House non-concur with the amend-
ments of the Senate. We undertook to sell a
parcel of marine hospitals and get rid of the
expense, and the Senate have undertaken to
interfere with our purpose.
The amendments of the Senate were rcacL
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say a word. The House passed a bill au-
thorizing the sale of certain marine hospitals
throughout this country where they are not
wanted and where they are a large expense
to the Government. Many of these hospitals
are in the southern States. There is one at
Natchez, one at Napoleon, Arkansas, two in
North Carolina, and one at Charleston, South
Carolina, I think. There are many hospitals
in the States that have not been in rebellion.
The House passed a bill authorizing the sale
or lease of those hospitals. The Senate have
amended the bill by striking out that portion
of it which would cover all the hospitals that
can be sold properly and putting in a few. To
show how little the Senate knew about the mat-
ter, they have directed that the marine hospital
at St. Louis shall be sold when we have no
marine hospital there. We put a provision in
our bill that those hospitals which ought not to
be sold should not be sold.
I hope the House will be satisfied with this
explanation, and that we shall adhere to the
bill substantially as it passed the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the hospital
at Chicago has been authorized to be sold
before.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will explain that the
hospital at Chicago was sold, and.the money
realized was appropriated to build another hos-
pital. I am perfectly willing that the matter
shall be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, of which my colleague [Mr. Washbtjkne]
is chairman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
no necessity of committing it to the Committee
on Commerce. They would report precisely
what I now propose. I move the previous
question on my motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments of the Senate were not
concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the House non-
concurred in the amendments of the Senate;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was bill of the House No. 122, making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1807, returned from the Senate
with sundry amendments; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
QUARANTINE AT NEW YORK.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was joint resolution of the House No. 57, au-
thorizing the Secretaries of War and the Navy to
place hulks and vessels at, the disposal of com-
mi ssioners of quarant ine or other proper author-
ities at ports of the United States, returned from
the Senate with an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will concur in the amendment. It is a
mere limitation upon the original resolution.
The amendment of the Senate was read, and
concurred in, as follows:
At the end of the resolution add the following:
Provided, That this resolution shall continue in
force oue year from its passage.
The Senate also proposed to amend the title
of the joint resolution by adding the words
''for one year.1'
The amendment to the title was concurred in.
STAMPS AND STAMPED ENVELOPES.
The next business upon the Speaker s table
was bill of the Senate No. 71, to authorize the
Postmaster General to deposit postage stamps
and stamped envelopes for sale; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Ofliee and Post
Roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OV KIDNAPING.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 102, to prevent and
punish kidnaping; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
PENSION LAWS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 110, to extend the
benefit of the pension laws to artificers ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
METROPOLITAN INSURANCE COMPANY.
The next business upon the Speaker s table
was an act (S. No. 98) to incorporate the Met-
ropolitan Fire and Marine Insurance Company
of the District of Columbia; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
TRANSFER OF POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. No. 29) for the trans-
fer of funds appropriated for the payment of
salaries in the Post Office Department, to the
general salary account of that Department;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
GREAT FALLS ICE COMPANY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 64) to incorporate the Great
Falls Ice Company, of Washington, Distrietof
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
THANKS TO SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. No. 34) expressive
of the gratitude of the nation to the officers,
soldiers, and seamen of the United States;
which was read a first and sccond time, ana
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 58) granting lands to the State
of Oregon W aid in the construction of a mil-
itary road from Corvallis to the Aquinabay;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
HUMBOLDT CANAL COMPANY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 140) to grant the right of
way to the Humboldt Canal Company through
the public lands of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
RELIM OP THE DESTITUTE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) for the tem-
porary relief of destitute people in the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
ESTABLISHMENT OF COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 199) to establish the collec-
tion district of Port Huron and the collection
district of Michigan, and to extend the district
of Puget Sound; whieli was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
ISSUING AMERICAN REGISTERS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 89) to issue American regis-
ters to the steam vessels Michigan, Dispatch,
and William K. Muir ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
NEW YORK CCSTOM-IIOUSE EXAMINERS.
The next business upon.the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 89) to amend the act relat-
ing to officers employed in the examination of
imported merchandise in the district of iNew
York; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
WEST INDIA TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. *26) to encourage telegraph
communication between the United States and
the island of Cuba and other West India isl-
ands and the Bahamas; which was read a first
a^id second time. .
The question was upon ordering the bih to
be read a third time.
The bill was read at length, as follows:
Whereas James A. Serymscr, Alfred Pell, jr., Alex-
?mf]rr Hamilton, jr., Oliver Iv. King, Maturm L.
Delafield, William F. Smith, and James M. iMggcs,
their associates, successors, and assigns, persons com-
cosing the International Ocean Telegraph Company,
an incorporated company chartered by the State of
New York, are desirous of establishing a line of
subraarine.-telegraphic communication between the
United States of America and the West India islands
and the Bahamas: Now, therefore, in order to facili-
tate Uie said enterprise.
