8498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
thereof the word "three," so as to make the
duty upon these goods three cents per square,
yard.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On seines or nets made of flax or hemp thread,
yarn, or twine, completed or in parts, valued at not
over seventy-five cents per pound, fifteen cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five percent.
ad valorem; valued at over seventy-five cents per
pound, twenty-five cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem,
' No amendment being offered, ■ •
The Clerk read as follows:
On fish lines oflinen.or twines oflinen suitable for
fish lines, valued at $2 50 or less per pound, forty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem; valued at over §2 50 per pound,
sixty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On flax thread, linen thread, saddlers' thread, shoe
thread, gill-net thread or gill-net twine, and pack
thread .and sewing-machine thread, valued at sev-
enty-five cents or less per pound, ten cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem; valued at over seventy-five cents and not over
$1 50 per pound, twenty cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem;
valued at over §1 50 per pound, thirty cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five percent.
ad valorem.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. HALE. I move to insert a new para-
fraph, to follow the one last read by the Clerk.
t is as follows:
On yarns of flax or hemp, or on tow of flax or hemp,
valued at seventy-five cents or less per pound, eight
cents per ponnd; valued over seventy-five and not
over one hundred and fifty cents per pound, seven-
teen cents per pound; valued over one hundred and
fifty cents per pound, twenty-seven cents per pound,
and, in addition thSTeto, in each case thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
In looking over this bill, it seems to me that
the Committee of Ways and Means have com-
mitted an oversight in omitting to provide for
the case of yarns, so as to protect the spinner
in reasonable proportion to the other manufac-
turers of flax, hemp, &c. The amendment
which I have offered covers the case of yarns,
which are largely imported for the manufac-
ture of thread, twine, seines, nettings, carpets,
&c. It seems to me we should not discrimi-
nate in favor of foreign labor, so far as the
f reduction of these yarns is concerned, which
think we eertaifily will do without the amend-
ment I have offered.
Mr. BANKS. I do hot rise particularly to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hale,] because I desire that
some provision of the kind therein proposed
should be adopted. I think the manufacturers
of this country suffer a serious injury from the
fact that yarns arc imported into this coun-
try, which importation interferes with our own
manufacturers. And I trust the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will be willing
to accept some provision of this kind. I was
engaged upon a committee of conference, when
the Committee of the Whole passed upon the
first article embraced in this section, being
unmanufactured flax, upon which this bill pro-
poses to impose a duty of twenty dollars per
toil, or an increase of twenty-five per cent, of
the present duty upon unmanufactured flax im-
ported into this country. Manufacturers of flax
thread cannot use American flax alone, though
they can use it in great part; but they are
obliged to use to some extent imported flax.
There are but very few districts in Europe
where flax is grown that is of the right quality
and character to be used in the manufacture of
flax thread. Now, in addition to the duty that
manufacturers have to pay on this article, and
which impedes the manufacture of flax thread
in this country, some manufacturers in some
parts of the country, as suggested by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Hale,] import
yarns at a low rate of duty, thus injuring the
manufacture of flax thread.
Now, I trust that after the amendment of the
gentleman from New York has been disposed
ofthe'gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
.will allow me to go back to the clause relating
to unmanufactured flax for the purpose of rein-
stating the present rate of duty, which is sixteen
dollars per ton, instead of twenty dollars per
ton, as proposed by this bill. I ask this because
I was detained from the House by service upon
a committee of conference when this subject
was under consideration.
' Mr. MORRILL. I think I must object to
going back to that clause.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrili,] that he per-
mit the question to be reserved upon the amend-
ment I have offered, together with the subject
to which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Basks] has referred, with the privilege
of going back hereafter.
Mr. MORRILL. As there might be some
injustice done by adopting such a proposition
as this without fully understanding it, I will
not object to the vote upon it being reserved.
The CHAIRMAN. It requires unanimous
consent. -
■Mr. LE BLOND. I object to reserving any-
thing.
Mr. BANKS. Then I request to be allowed
to propose an amendment to the clause in rela-
tion to unmanufactured flax. I was engaged
upon a committee of conference at the moment
it was passed, and returning a few moments
afterward, I was unable to make the proposi-
tion in time.
The CHAIRMAN. The question must be
first taken upon the amendment proposed by
the' gentleman from. New York, [Mr. Hale.]
The amendment was' agreed to.
Mr; BANKS. I now ask leave to offer the
amendment I have suggested, and that action
upon it be reserved for the present.'
Mr. MORRILL. I am satisfied that if the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
fully understood the subject to which he refers,
he would not go back.
Mr. BANKS. That is what I want; I want
to be instructed, and that is why I ask that
action be reserved for the present. I was
away from my place in performance of a duty
assigned me by the House; and therefore I
hope the gentleman will not object.
Mr. MORRILL. I must object.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman not con-
sent to have action on it reserved for the pres-
ent?
Mr. MORRILL. I must object to that also.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted. That, in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the importation
of the articles hereinafter enumerated, thereshall be
levied, collected, and paid the following duties and
rates of duty, that is to say : on iron in pigs, nine
dollars per ton.
Mr. BUNDY. I move to strike out the
word " nine" and insert the word "ten," so
as to make the duty on pig iron ten dollars per
ton. I make this motion for the reason that I
am satisfied the duty of nine dollars per ton is
not a sufficient duty on pig iron. • I have come
to that conclusion from a very intimate knowl-
edge of the iron business during the past few
years. Under the operation of thepresenttariff,
according to data furnished by the British Trade
Circular, during the month of Nbvemljer last,
there was enough pig iron imported into this
country last year to equal the production of
one half of all the blastfurnaces in the "country
for nearly, if not quite, a year. To my cer-
tain knowledge the manufacturers of pig iron
have been losing money for ten or twelve years,
with the exception of one or two years. Be-
sides that, the duty on pig iron is not in pro-
portion to the duty on any other description
of iron. Neither is it in proportion to the
duty on anything else for which this bill pro-
vides a duty. I hope, therefore, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will consent that
this addition of one dollar shall be made. I
make this motion with the view of carrying
out in future the idea of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr\ Wilson,] that is, that we shall
have stability in regard to the duty on iron.
Mr.. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man inform us how much we have rednced the
internal duty on pig iron?
• Mr. BUNDY. About two dollars and forty
cents per ton. With that duty, forty-five fur-
naces in my district made no money at all last
year, but in the majority of cases they lost
money to the extent of the internal duty which
they paid. Now, so far as I am concerned, I
do not speak for the manufacturers. I do not
care anything about the matter, although I am
a manufacturer. The manufacturer and the
capitalist can get along with or without the
duty ; but the effects of this fall directly upon
the man who digs the iron, the man who chops
the wood, and the man who burns the coal. I
have seen, during the last ten or twelve years,
enough suffering in the districts where pig iron
is manufactured to induce me, by every con-
sideration, to try and have that manufacture
protected to an extent sufficient to furnish em-
ployment to our own people, and not only em-
ployment, but a fair day's wages for a fair day's
work. It is a very great mistake to suppose
that because we ask protection for the manu-
facture of any article the expense of the article
to the consumer is thereby increased. Take,
if you please, the report which I hold in my
hand for the month of November last as the
criterion by which to judge of the whole year's
importation of iron from Europe. During the
last twelve months there was enough pig iron
imported into this country to keep ninety blast
furnaces fully employed. These ninety fur-
naces can furnish employment for at least
fifty-four thousand persons, and these fifty-
four thousand persons will consume forty-five
thousand barrels of flour and nine thousand
barrels of pork every year, to say nothing about
beef and everything else. Therefore, I say,
the stopping of these ninety furnaces, kept idle
by the importation of pig iron last year, has
prevented the employment of this large num-
ber of persons and the consumption of this
vast amount of our own produce.
We do not ask, Mr. Chairman, that protec-
tion shall be furnished for the mere protection
of our manufacturers, but we do ask it for the
men who are employed at these manufactories;
and until we come up to that point we will
suffer under the same rule which we have been
following for the last few years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say I am in
favor of the amendment of my colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. One speech already has
been made in favor of the amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. Well, then, I will say I
am opposed to the amendment because I wish
a higher rate ; and when I get through with the
few remarks I have to make I will suggest an
improvement in the motion of my colleague.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say I am in favor
now and at all times in this House of the high-
est rate of protection to American industry in
every shape in which you may bring it forward.
I do not limit it to coal or iron or oil; but I
go in the most extensive manner for the high-
est rate of protection to American industry.
We are now considering the article of pig iron.
I think we should raise the duty on iron ini;
ported in every shape; and while I advocate
this increased rate of tariff I beg to have read
as a part of my argument an extract from a
recent number of the London Times ; and I
ask the attention of the committee to it.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Wolverhamptok, Saturday.
"The demand for iron keeps very steady, orders
coming in day by day, and they are pressed for com-
pletion. The improvement in the trade with the
United States is more decided, and iron-masters hav-
ing agencies there are sanguine of a heavy spring
trade with that country. Stocks are low at New York,
and requirements for the restoration of railways and
all commercial pi ant very large, Theonly drawback
is that the American iron-works are far from being
well employed, and they are striving earnestly to get
the heavy import duties further raisedt but it ishoped
that"southern votes will on that question counteract
New England in Congress. Railway orders are large,
and the Lancashire and Yorkshire are in the market
for five thousand tons. The demand for hardwares is
improving steadily."
Mr. SPALDING. I do not think I can add
