514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January SO,
In the course of a few days the Commissioner
of the bureau announced more particularly the
pblicy which he designed to pursue. The whole
supervision of the care of freedmen and of all
Jaftds which the law placed under the charge of
the bureau was to be intrusted to. assistantcom-
misskmers. It was stated, as has been found
to be correct, that the demand for labor would
be sufficient to afford occupation to nearly all
those classed as freedmen who were able to
work.
Th? assistant commissioners were enjoined to
effect as rapidly as they could complete organ-
ization for labor, and to provide that that labor
should be fairly compensated. It was not found
practicable to determine the rates of wages, but
the officers of the bureau were instructed care-
fully to inquire, and having ascertained what
amount of compensation had ordinarily, at the
places where inquiry was made, been previously
paid to masters who had hired out labor, they
would be able from that to form a pretty cor-
rect opinion as to the true value of it, and that
the wages fixed upon for freedmen should be
determined somewhat by the result of such
inquiry.
Before a month had expired, headquarters
had been established for assistant commission-
ers at Richmond, Raleigli, Beaufort, Mont-
gomery, Nashville, St. Louis, Vicksburg, New
Orleans, and Jacksonville, and very shortly
afterward assistant commissioners were desig-
nated for those posts of duty. They were re-
quired to possess themselves as soon as practi-
cable with the duties incident to their offices, to
quicken in every way they could and to direct
the industry of the freedmen. Notice was given
that the relief establishments which had been
created by law under the operations of the War
Department should be discontinued as soon as
they could be consistently with the comfort and
proper protection of the freedmen, and that
every effort should be made—and I call the at-
tention of gentlemen to the fact that that policy
'has been pursued throughout—that every effort
should be made to render the freedmen at an
early day self-supporting. The supplies that
had been furnished by the Government were
only to be continued so long as the actual wants
of the freedmen seemed to require it. At that
time there wore alt over the country refugees
who were seeking their homes, and they were
notified that, under the care of the bureau, they
would be protected from abuse and directed in
their efforts to secure transportation and proper
facilities for reaching home.
Wherever there had been interruption of civil
law, it was found impossible that the rights of
freedmen could be asserted in the courts, and
where there were no courts before which their
right's could be brought for adjudication, mili-
tary tribunals, provost-marshals' courts, were
eslablishcd for the purpose of determining upon
questions arising between freedmen or between
freedmen and other parties; and that also has
been continued to this day.
The commissioners were instructed to permit
the freedmen to select their own employers and
to choose their own kind of service. All agree
mentswere ordered to be free and mutual, and
not to be compulsory. The old system that had
prevailed of overseer labor was ordered to be
repudiated by the commissioners who had
charge of the laborers, and 1 believe there has
been no time since the organization of (he bu-
reau when there have not been reports made to
headquarters at Washington of all labor con-
tracts; and wherever any provisions had been
inserted, by inadvertence or otherwise, that i
seemed unjustly to operate against the freed- i
men, they have been stricken out by direction <
of the Commissioner here. Perhaps I may say ,
that the other day a resolution of inquiry was i
directed to the select committee whether certain !
contracts had been permitted that were offen- \
sive to our sense of right and oppressive to the 1
freedmen, and the committee, in the course of
their investigation, ascertained that in no in-
stance had any such contract, if made, received '<
the assent of the Commissioner here, but that, !
without exception, all eonf vaets which had been !
reported here at Washington had been so altered
as that they were free from any oppressive pro-
visions and left to the freedman all the rights
which as a citizen he ought to have in contract-
ing for his work.
In the course of the next month action was
taken by the Commissioner respecting a provis-
ion of the law as it was passed in March, au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to make issues
of clothing and provisions, and the assistant
commissioners were required carefully to as-
certain whatever might be needed under that
provision of the law, and to make periodical
reports as to the demands made upon the Gov-
ernment through the Bureau. Directions were
given by the Commissioner to his assistant com-
missioners to make repeated reports to him
upon all the various subjects which had come
under his charge—with regard to the number
offreedmen, where they were, whether in camps
or in colonies, or whether they were employed
upon Government works, and stating, if they
obtained supplies, how they were furnished,
whether by donations or whether procured by
purchase. Reports were also required as to all
lands which had been put under the care of the
bureau; and statements were called for show-
ing descriptions of the lands, whether, in the
language of the law, "abandoned''or ''con-
fiscated," so that the bureau here could have
full and complete information of all action of its
agents throughout these States, and upon ex-
amination it could be determined where any
specific lands which were under the charge
of the bureau came from, and how they were
derived.
In the course of the summer it became neces-
sary to issue additional instructions. The Com-
missioner found that his way was beset with
difficulties, he was walking upon unknown
ground, lie was testing here and there questions
involved in doubt, it was hardly possible at
once and by one order to designate all that it
would be needful for him to do, and therefore
different instructions were issued from time to
time from his office. The assistant commis-
sioners were called upon thoroughly to ex-
amine, either by themselves or their agents, the
respective districts allotted to them, to make
inquiry as to the character of the freedmen
under their charge, their ability to labor, their
disposition to labor, and the circumstances
under which they were placed, so that the aid,
the care, and the protection which the law con-
templated might be afforded to them as quickly
and as economically as possible.
The Commissioner continually repeated his
injunctions to his assistants to be sure that no
compulsory or unpaid labor was tolerated, and
that both the moral and intellectual condition
of the freedmen should be improved as sys-
tematically and as quick!}' as practicable.
It was manifestly impossible for this bureau
to undertake this work and to carry it on suc-
cessfully alone. and so the Commissioner called
upon the various bene\ olent associations organ-
ized throughout the North and the West to
render that aid in the future vhich they had
rendered in t he past, and to cooperate with him in
the work which he had in hand. And especially
in the matter of schools it was found important
for the bureau to avail itself of the experience
gained before its organization by the benevolent
associations of different parts of the N orth and
the West. Other instructions were also given
connected with the medical department of the
bureau : and if gentlemen will take the trouble
to look into the report which has been furnished
by the bureau, they will find that it required no
little care and thought to organize and carry oat
the medical department of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
All the affairs of the bureau have been con-
ducted by fourgeneral departments—of finance,
of lands, of records, and of medicine. To each
of these departments competent officers were
assigned. And from the report made by Gen-
eral Howard, and which has been laid upon
the tables of members, eveiy gentleman will
be able to ascertain what has been done and
how it has been done.
When the bureau was first organized, indeed
when it was first urged upon the attention of
this House, it was stated and it was believed
that the bureau would very shortly be self-sus-
taining. And yet in his report General How-
ard calls for large appropriations, and undoubt-
edly at the proper time we shall hear a response
to that call from the -Committee on Appropri-
ations. Now, it is right enough thatgentlemen
who are called upon to legislate here should
understand the facts in this case. One fact is
perfectly obvio.us: that the bureau, if it is to
be self-sustaining, must be supported by labor.
That was the idea from the beginning. And
when it was stated here in debate that the bu-
reau would probably be self-sustaining, it was
supposed that from thelalids abandoned, confis-
cated, sold, and the lands of the United States,
which by the provisions of the bill had been
placed under the care of the Commissioner,
these freedmen would be given an opportunity
to earn substantially enough for the conduct of
the bureau. And I have no doubt at all that
such would have been the case had the original
expectation been carried out.
There were large tracts of land in Virginia
and the other rebel States which were clearly
applicable to this purpose. There was the
source of supply—the lands and the labor.
There were laborers enough, and th^re was rich
land enough. Now, how does ithappen that so
large a call has been made upon Congress? It
must be observed that up to this time Congress
has notappropriatedone dollar from the Treas-
ury of the United States for the support of
this bureau. There have been large uses made
of Government stores, clothing, medicine, and
food, but no direct appropriation of money by
law has been made.
At a very early day the abnndoned lands were
turned over to the care of the commissioners,
and 1 supposed, and probably we all supposed,
that the lands, which in the language of the
law were known as "abandoned lands," and
those which were in the possession of the
United States, would be appropriated to the
uses of these freedmen. Within a week after
the Commissioner assumed the duties of his of-
fice he found it necessary to issue an order sub-
stantially like this: whereas large amounts of
lands in the State of Virginia and in other
States have been abandoned, and are now in the
possession of freedmen. and are now under
cultivation by them, and whereas the owners
of those lands are now calling for their resto-
ration, so as to deprive the freedmen of there-
suits of their industry, it is ordered that the
abandoned lands now under cultivation be re-
tained by the freedmen until the growing crops
can be secured, unless full and just compensa-
tion can be made them for their labor and its
products.
" The above order"—
This is the part about which it appeared that
some difference of judgmentexisted between the
Executive and the Commissioner of the bureau;
"The above order will not be construed so as to re-
lieve di.-doyal persons from the eonsequexieea of their
disloyalty ; and the application for the restoiation of
their lands by this class of persons will in no ease be
entertained by any military authority."
It was found, not a great while afterward, that
the views which the President entertained as to
liis duty were somewhat in conflict with the pro-
visions of this order; for it was held by the Presi-
dent that, persons who had brought themselves
within the range of his pardon and had secured
it, and who bad taken or did afterward take the
amnesty oath, would be entitled, as one of the
results of the pardon and of their position after
the oath had been taken, to a restoration of
their lands which had been assigned to freed-
men. In consequence of this, an order was
subsequently issued 
Mr. STEVENS. If it will not interrupt the
gentleman, I desire to ask him a question.
Mr. ELIOT. I will hear it with pleasure.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have never seen any of
those pardons; and I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether he has ever seen one, and whether
those pardons were extended to the recipients
