98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Sestate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Yates.
39th Gong.... 1st Sess.
The PRESIDING- OFFICES, (Mr. Hex-
bricks.) Order!
Mr. WILLIAMS. Sir. it is worse than idle
to intimate that dissolution can ever occur. To
admit the possibility of such a thing here is to
profane the sanctuary of a nation's hope and
trust, and I want to say to that Senator what I
should think he would know by this time, that
secession in any shape or form is dead, and
damned, and buried beyond the power or the
hope of resurrection. [Applause in the gal-
IcriGS. J
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order !
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I have
taxed the patience of the Senate too long. I
•will now conclude. I have to say that the way
before us is not as clear as I wish it was, but
the day is not so dark or the obstacles so insur-
mountable as they seemed to be when the fate
of the nation hung in the doubtful scale of war.
Patriotism, firmness, and union then, among
Union men, rescued the nation from the hands
of the spoilers and saved it, and if the same
spirit controls now in the councils of the nation
that governed our soldiers in the field, their
triumph will be crowned by our success. Sir,
this nation is to live and not die. God has
written it among the shining decrees of des-
tiny. Inspired by this hope and animated by
this faith, we will take this country through all
its present troubles and perils to the promised
land of perfect unity and peace, where freedom,
equality, and justice, the triune and tutelar deity
of the American Republic, will rule with right-
eousness a nation "whose walls shall be salva-
tion, and whose gates praise."
Apportionment of Representation.
SPEECH OF IIOjST. RICHARD YATES,
OF ILLINOIS,
IX THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES,
February 19, 186G.
The Senate having under consideration the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 51) proposing to amend the Con-
stitution of the United State*—
Mr. YATES said:
Mr. President: I send to the desk to be read
Senate bill No. 100, which I introduced on the
29rh January last, and in favor of which I pro-
pose to sponf: to-day.
The Secretary read the following bill:
a bill to piotect citizens of the United States in their
civil and political rights.
Whereas the Constitution of the United States abol-
ishes slavery in all the States and Territories of the
United States, whereby all constitutions, laws, or reg-
ulations of any State or Territory in aid of slavery
or crowing out of the same arc null and void: and
wheiea-, by virtue ol'haid abolition of slavery, all men
in all the status, and Tci ntoiies aie citizens, entitled
to all the rijrht* and privileges ot citizens, subject only
to the legal disabilities applicable to white persons;
and whereas, also, it is expressly provided that Con-
frrcbs ahull have power to enlorce by appropriate legis-
lation the aioresaid power abolishing slaveiy. which
cannot be done without protecting all citizens against
all restrictions, penalties, or deprivations of light
resulting frorn^ slavery, and securing to them all their
ci\ il and polidcal rights, including the elective fran-
chise : Theroiore,
_ Br it b;/ the denote and Ilouse of Representa-
tives o I /hi' tinted Writes of A./)irricn in Conprpfti rtxtem-
AW. That no State or Territory of the United States
shall, by any constitution^law, or other regulation
whute\ei, horetolore in force or hereafter to be
adopted, make or enforcc, or in any manner recog-
nize any d'.-tmotlon between citizens of the United
Suite* or of any Statcor Teiritory on account ofiace
or color <>r condition, and that hereafter all citizens,
without distinction of race, color, or condition, shall
be pioiecled in the fall and equal enjoyment and
ex^rci^c of ail their civil and political rights, includ-
ing the right of .suffrage.
Mr. YATES. I confess, sir, to some em-
barrassment in addressing the Senate at this
time, and the greater because I know that tile
positions which ! a°oame will be different from
those of honorable Senators for whose opinions
I have very ereat respect. and to whom it would
aeem becoming that one so humble as myself
should defer. But, sir. the opinions which I
have seem to me very important; and it appears
to me that I cannot discharge my duty as a
representative of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent on this floor without
expressing them. In doing so, it is with the
conviction that this question, as was remarked
by the distinguished Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hbxdricks] the other day, is the gravest which
has ever been discussed by the American Sen-
ate. The duty of this Congress, it seems to me,
is one oftremendousresponsibility. Ouraction
ought not only to be effectual, but it ought to be
timely and final. A mistake now will be fatal.
Delays breed danger. We ought to do to-day
what it will be too late to do to-morrow. It will
not do to receive the rebellious States into full
fellowship in the Union now, because they are
not fit to come in. It will not do to keep them
out-, for it is dangerous to keep them out too
long. We desire a restored Union. In union
there is strength; but in union there is weak-
ness if the parts, like oil and water, will not coa-
lesce. A rope of sand will not hold together.
We should aim to do what Mr. Lincoln almost
always did, the right thing at the right time, in
the right way, and at the right place. It should
be our aim as legislators to legislate, not for a
part of the country only, but for the whole coun-
try, upon principles*that, will stand the test of
time by standing the test of impartiality, of
equality, of justice, and righteousness..
And, sir, if this Congress having the power,
as I believe it clearly has, by a general law to
restore, through harmonious adjustment, the
rebellious States, instead of fearlessly and
promptly exercising that power, waits for some
constitutional amendment which cannot be
adopted, or which if adopted is not founded on
correct principles, we shall be recreant to our
duty, and we shall incur and deserve to incur
the reproach of the nation and of mankind.
In discussing the bill which I have had the
honor to introduce, I shall not attempt to con-
trovert any of the principles which have been
entertained heretofore by cither the Republican
Union party or the Democratic party so far as
the jurisdiction of the States over tlie question
of slavery was concerned under the Constitu-
tion of the United States ; nor shall J contro-
vert the proposition that the States liu\e the
power under the second section of the first
article of the Constitution to regulate the quali-
fications of the electors in the States. 1 shall
attempt to show, on the other hand, that by the
amendment to the Constitution abolishing sla-
very, Congress already has the power by a gen-
eral law to do all that is proposed to be done
by the various amendments which have been
submitted to both Houses of Congress. If we
shall fail, havingthat power, to exercise it, then
by reason of the long and dangerous delay which
will occur, and by reason of the almost criminal
omission on the part of Congress to exercise its
plain constitutional duty, this Government is
in danger of passing into the hands of a party
whose action and sympathies have been opposed
to the prosecution of the war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, who voted our glorious
war a miserable failure at the expiration of four
years of brilliant service, who opposed the proc-
lamation of emancipation, who opposed the
amendment abolishing slavery in all the States
and Territories in the United States, who to-
morrow, if they had the power, would repeal
your test oaths, who would pardon Jell. Davis,
who at this very session of Congress are upon
the record in oppof !tion to the protection of the
rights of the freedmen, and who stand ready-
now to receive in the Senate and House of liep-
resentatives Senators and Representatives-elect
fresh from secession State Legislatures and from
battle-fields where their hands were imbrued
in the blood of our loyal countrymen.
This is the aspect of affairs as itseems tome
to-day. There is only one way of salvation for
the country. Your amendments to the Consti-
tution of the Lnited btates cannot be adopted.
If we have not the power now under the Con-
stitution of the United States to secure full free-
dom, then, sir, we shall not have it, and there
is no salvation whatever for the country. Let
not freedom die in the house and by the hands
of her friends.
Mr. President, the work of reconstructing a
Government, of restoring rebellious States to
their former condition, is a more difficult work
than building up a new Government. The
statesmanship which attempts to restore rebel-
lious and shattered States to their former rela-
'tions to the Government must encounter pre-
judices growing out of local State governments,
State regulations, the conventionalities and
usages of society, judicial decisions, the con-
flicts of Federal and State authority, and all
the numerous and divergent opinions of men
with regard to the fundamental rights of the
citizen and the mode of securing those rights
and administering the Government..
The work of ourfathers, though one of sublime
magnitude, as herculean as it was grand, yet was
an exceedingly simple one. Though its funda-
mental object, to carry out their principles by
the machinery of well-adjusted and regulated
government, required the picked men of the
world, whom God in His kind providence fur-
nished the nation, yet the object they had in
view was exceedingly plain, simple, and easy
to be understood. What was that object? To
establish freedom, to secure equality to all men,
to secure Ihe right of the majority to rule ; or,
to use the language of the present President of
the United States, "to secure exact justice to
all men; special privileges to none." Who
will deny that these were the objects for which
the Revolution was fought, and l'or which the
Declaration of Independence was made?
These being the objects of ourfathers, I do not
deny that when they came to form a Government
they encountered an institution which was hos-
tile to the: principle which they attempted to
establish. I do not deny that in an evil hour
of compromise, for the sake of concord among
the States and to secure the adoption of the
Constitution, they most reluctantly recognized
tjae institution of slavery in the Constitution of
the United States, as is proven by the fact that
representation was denied to the colored man
in the slave States except through the white
electors, and the other clause of the Constitu-
tion which permitted the forcible arrest of the
fugitive slave and his return to his master. But
it was from no fault of the principles of our
fathers that our national troubles sprang Up; it
was from a departure from their principles in
the respect to which I have alluded. Slavery,
which they supposed to be so small an element,
which they supposed to be temporary in its char-
acter, which they in their hearts believed the
States themselves would very soon abolish, grew
from a few persons to millions in number, and
the institution became so profitable and so
cherished that the leaders of the South finally
planted themselves upon it as the very basis
and corner-stone of society and government.
Two systems of government and civil society
existed in the country, two systems of labor,
both supported by great and powerful interests
and_ energies, warring, jarring, antagonistic,
belligerent, each striving for supremacy. Sla-
very, in fact, through adroit politicians, became
the balance of power, and, wielded and for a
time shaped and controlled the policy and legis-
lation of the country. Slavery became almost
the Government of the country, and no impor-
tant question could be discussed in the country
except by its relative bearing upon the institu-
tion of slavery. It doomed to ignorance, pros-
titution, and crime nearly four million people,
appropriated the proceeds of their labor, en-
forced ignorance upon them by severe penal-
ties against education, and secured obedience
b> the lash, the revolver, and the bloodhound.
Ihe slaveholder, rioting in wealth from the
bended back and shrill agonies of the crouching
slave, became arrogant and aristocratic, and
learned not only to believe in African slavery,
but boldly to denounce free society as a failure,
