1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S15
as rebels or traitors, and also as belligerents,
or only as rebels. I ask the question because
all this property was seized, under the express
terms of the law, as property of enemies, not
of rebels, without any condemnation; and I
want to know how a pardon could affect prop-
erty seized in that way.
Mr. ELIOT. I have not had an opportunity
to see any of those pardons. I should be very
glad to give the gentleman the information he
seeks, if I could.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I do not like to interrupt
the gentleman's remarks; but I would like to
ask him a question in reference to the eighth
section of this bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I shall be glad to answer the
gentleman if I can.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Are we to understand this
section as meaning that one of the agents of this
bureau is to have jurisdiction and authority to
hear and determine a case where the penalty by
this section is imprisonment not exceeding oa 
year, and a fine not exceeding $1,000?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir.
_Mr. TRIMBLE. Well, will the gentleman
yield to me to offer an amendment to this sec-
tion?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I would like to have my
vTicndment read.
Mr. ELIOT. I will say to the gentleman
that a motion to amend could not be made
under the rules, while the present motion is
pending.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Well, sir, I will read my
amendment, and then I think the gentleman
will accept it. It is to add to the eighth section
this proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to prevent the trial, by jury, of any whito
person, jis contemplated by articlc three, section two,
of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. ELIOT. I believe the language of the
gentleman's amendment is ''any white per-
son."
Mr. TRIMBLE. Yes, sir. If it will suit the
gentleman any better, I will say "any per-
son."
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman will read the
bill carefully, he will see that when the oppor-
tunity for trial by jury shall come, the section
to which he refers will probably be inoperative.
That section is to continue in force only while
the courts are not in operation, and until these
States are restored to their former relations in
the Union.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to ask tire
gentleman a question.
Mr. ELIOT. I will yield for a question.
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether this bill does not extend to
States that have not been in rebellion, as well
as to those that have been.
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; it certainly does.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then is it not justly liable
to the objection of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Trimble?]
Mr. ELIOT. This bill extends to all the
States ; it is not sectional legislation.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Will the gentleman permit
me to offer this amendment, to apply only to the
State of Kentucky, that has never been out of
the Union, whose relations to the Union have
never been disturbed?
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I hardly think
the gentleman from Kentucky would seriously
desire to insert in abill to be passed here a pro-
vision that it shall not override the Constitution.
The Constitution will take eare of itself, and we
cannot interfere with it. There is nothing in
this bill that attempts to do so.
I was about to say, Mr. Speaker, that, because
of the action which the bureau had taken, and
the belief on the part of the President that the
parties securing pardons should have a right to
the restoration of their lands, another order,
which is pretty well known as circular No. 15,
was issued.
And under the operation of that circular, on its
appearing satisfactorily to any assistant commis-
sioner that any property under his control is
not "abandoned," as defined in the law, and
that the United States have acquired no perfect
right to it, it is to be restored and the fact re-
ported to the Commissioner. "Abandoned"
lands were to be restored to the owners pardoned
by the President, by the assistant commission-
ers, to whom applications for such restoration
were to be forwarded; and each application
was to be accompanied by the pardon of the
President and by a copy of the oath of amnesty
proscribed in the President's proclamation, and
also by a proof of title to the land. It must be
obvious that the effect of this must have been
to transfer from the care of the bureau to the
owners very large portions of the land which had
been relied upon for the support of the freed-
men. Within a few weeks from the date of that
order, no less than $800,000 worth of property
in New Orleans was transferred, and about one
third of the whole property in North Carolina
in possession of the bureau was given up; and
the officer having charge of the land depart-
ment reports that before the end of the year, in
all probability, there will be under the charge
of the Commissioner little, if any, of the lands
originally designed for the support of these
freedmen.
It is obvfous, if these lands are to be taken,
that other lands must be provided, or the freed-
men will become a dead weight upon the Treas-
ury, and the bill under consideration assigns
other lands, in the place of those thus taken,
from the unoccupied public lands of the United
States.
Two months before the Commission took the
control of the bureau, in January, 18G5, Major
General Sherman, then at Savannah, issued
the celebrated Field Order No. 15. You will
find that order in the printed report of Gen-
eral Howard. It is very well known that by
that order the islands from Charleston, south,
the abandoned rice-fields along the river for
thirty miles back from the sea, and the coun-
try bordering the St. John'sriver, Florida, were
reserved and set apart for the settlement of the
negroes made free by the acts of war and the
proclamation of the President of the United
States.
I had occasion to see that order in January
last in manuscript, and when the privileges it
conferred were known to the freedmen they
gladly availed themselves of the benefits it
secured to them. Settlements increased and
industry was fostered ; and during the war regi-
ments were formed to fight our battles from the
men who were living on these Edisto islands.
The order of General Sherman provides as
follows:
"II. At Beaufurt, Hilton Ilend, Savannah, Feinan-
dina, St. Augustine, and Jacksonville, til" blacks may
remaiii in their chosen or accustomed vocations, but
on the islands, and in the settlement? hcreatter to be
established, no white person whatevc4, unless military
ofiicers and soldi ers detailed loi duty, will be permitted
to reside; and the sole and exclusive management ol'
affair.-, wit] be left to the freed people (hemseh es, sub-
ject only to the United States military authority and
the acts of Congress, fly the laws of war and oi'deis
ot the President of the United States theneirro is tree,
and must be dealt with a* such. Ho cannot bo sub-
jected to conscription or forced military service,save
by the written orders of the Inchest military author-
ity of the department, undei such 1 emulations as the
President, or Con^re^s may prescribe. Domestic ser-
vants, blacksmith-, carpenters, and other mechanic-;,
will be free to select their own work and residence,
but the youn-3* and able-bodied negroes m>i-t be en-
couraged to enlist assoldiorMntheservieeoi theUni-
ted States, to contribute their share toward meant aui-
ing their own freedom, and seeurim,- their lights
citi?ens of the United Slate-*
"Negroes so enlL-ted will bcor^anized into compa-
nies, battalions, and regiments, under tin; ordeisof
the United States mihfary authouues, and will be
paid, fed, and clothed according to iaw. The bounties
paid on enlistment, may, with the consent of the re-
cruit, go to assist his family settlement in procuring
aprneulturnl implements, seed, tools boots, clothing,
and other articles necessary for their livelihood."
Now, sir, this House will lie called upon to
say what shall be done in behalf of the freed-
men who were thus invited by General Sherman
to light our battles, and thus assigned by him
lands on these islands. These assignments or
allotments, made by him as a military com-
mander, conferred merely possessory titles.
There have been efforts made to remove these
freedmen from those lands; and last October
it became necessary for the Commissioner of the
bureau to go to South Carolina for the purpose
of seeing what arrangements, if any, he coulti
make.
It had been said that the freedmen were to
be removed. Great feeling, great sorrow, and
great indignation had been expressed; and
great fears had been entertained lest the word
of promise to the ear should be broken to the
hope. General Howard, on his reaching there;
called a meeting of the freedmen and sot u as-
certained one fact; and that was, that they were
unwilling to work for their former masters. I
believe there was no exception. He found thej'
were fearful of removal: and he stated to them
what he believed were the wishes of the Presi-
dent, and what was his own duty to the com-
munity under his charge.
It resulted in this: an agreement was made,
a form ^f obligation entered into for the owner
to sign, and a form of transfer was made giving
up the land, and it was supposed by General
Howard that under this circular No. iG, the
lands would soon be taken from the freedmen.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DONNELLY. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not. I trust my col-
league will be permitted to go on.
Mr. DONNELLY. I have no objection to
his going on and concluding his remarks.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts intend to take a
vote to-night?
Mr. ELIOT. There are some members who,
I understand, wish to speak ; I shall not, there-
fore, expect, a vote to-day.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will be allowed to go on.
Mr. RADFORD. Is it understood that there
is to be no vote taken to-day?
Mr. El JOT. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Pike.)
The Chair hears no objection. The gentleman
from Massachusetts will therefore proceed.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 was just saying that it re-
sulted in preparing a form of obligation for the
land owner, and of restoration, to be signed
by the Commissioner himself, under the pro-
visions of circular No. !•">. Before General
Howard left the South, however, he received
a telegraphic communication from the Secre-
tary of War, saying that the orders under which
he acted did not require liirn to disturb the
freedmen in their possession at that time, but
to ascertain merely whether a just and mutual
agreement could be effected between the freed-
men and those who desired to employ them.
That was last October. From that time there
has been, as 1 believe, no action taken in re-
gard to these Edisto lands, and they are held
now waiting the action of Congress.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to make an inquiry
in regard to the proviso that the gentleman has
been speaking about. In the fifth section—
which 1 observe is not printed in the bill be-
fore us—there seems to be a little ambiguity
in the phraseology. I would like the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to inform the House
in regard to the construction he puts upon it
himself.
Mr. El JOT. The bill, as it comes fiom the
Senate, ill section five provides that the occu-
pants of land are confirmed for three years,
and the proviso is, that whenever the owners
of the lands occupied under that order shall be
entitled to restoration the Commissioner is au-
thorized, upon an agreement and with the con-
sent of the occupants, to procure other lands
for them by rent or purchase, or to provide
lands under the fourth section of the bill.
Mr. THAYER. The point to which I wish
to direct the gentleman's attention is, whether
the language used is intended to convey the
idea that where the owner is entitled to resto-
ration the consent of the occupant is a neces-
sary condition precedent to the restoration. I
do not understand why, otherwise, the words
" with the consent and agreement of the iccu-
pants'' are used when the power is given^ a the
Commissioner to appropriate other lands in lieu
