1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'WW
of that subsidy and the formation of that com-
pany has led me to feel cautious in granting
such privileges, Your experience, Mr. Speaker,
I have no doubt has had the same effect upon
you.
Mr. BLAINE, Does the gentleman pretend
to say that the Pacific telegraph has given any-
body in the Atlantic States control over the
California market ?
Mr. ALLEY. Not at all.
Mr. BLAINE. Why will this do it then in
the Cuba market?
Mr. WASIiB URNE. of Illinois. If gentle-
men who represent commercial interests are'
opposed to this bill, then I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce. If
gentlemen from Massachusetts, in whose inter-
est this thing is got up, oppose it, very well,
let it go.
Mr. ALLEY. I do not say I am opposed
to it. I am in favor of everything of the kind
and always have been. I was in favor of tlie
overland telegraph to the Pacific as much as
any other member of the House, and I did
everything in my power to procure the passage
of that aet. Your experience, Mr. Speaker,
as chairmaji of the committee that reported
that bill, must have convinced you, as it has
done me. that it is necessary to examine care-
fully into all these bills to sec that no gigantic
monopoly shall be granted without sufficient
care, without sufficient provision to prevent
any undue advantage.
Mr. STEVENS. Although I opposed the
subsidy to the overland telegraph, I do not
suppose it was an exclusive grant.
Mr. ALLEY. It was not an exclusive grant.
Mr. STEVENS. Whenever an exclusive
grant is proposed here I hope it will not be
sanctioned by the House.
Mr. ALLEY. I think the California grant
was not an exclusive grant. It was supposed
it amounted in effect to an exclusive grant at
the time, inasmuch as $40,000 per annum was
paid to that corporation, which it was pre-
tended would constitute its only real net profit.
Subsequently it was shown that the telegraph
line to California would pay handsomely with-
out remuneration from the Government. The
Senate, almo-'t by unanimous consent, agreed
to a subsidy of SOO.OOO and the privilege of
charging live or six dollars for a message, and
!he House cut down the subsidy to $10,000
and refused to let the company charge over
four dollars a message. The subsidy and the
charge were based upon the estimate made by
the company that the eost would be $750,000.
You will remember, Mr. Speaker, I had chargc
of that matter, and after a thorough investiga-
tion of the subject I satisfied myself from
accurate data that it would not cost much more
than #:j00,000, and convinced the committee
of that fact. The company made an esti-
mate, and tlmy assured the committee, they
pledged their honor fur its accuracy, that it
would eost at least $700,000. My estimate was
made for the committee of which I was a
member.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I decline
to yield any farther, I wish it to be understood
that I am not here as the champion of this bill.
I do not even know whether I shall vote for it
or not. I certainly shall not vote for it as it
comes from the Senate. I deem it, however, a
matter of great importance to the commercial
interests of the country that we should have
this telegraph line.
I will now yield for a moment to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Daiilixij,] who
represents the commercial interest of New
Y ork.
Mr. ALLEY. I believe I have never ob-
jected; but if the gentleman cuts me off right
in the midst of a sentence, I shall certainly
object to his yielding to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ The gen-
tleman says that if I do a ceitaiu thing, which
I have aright to do, he will do a certain thing.
Now, I do not propose to interfere with the
gentleman if lie v. ill be short.
Mr. ALLEY. I do not wish to be under-
stood 'by the House nor by the country as op-
posing this bill. I am not opposed to it. I am
in favor of every enterprise of this character,
provided it can be done with sufficient guards
around it.
I was about to remark when I was interrupted,
in regard to the California telegraph line, that
it has been shown that that line only costabout
three hundred thousand dollars, and they have
watered the stock, I am informed, to $4,000,-
000, and it has sold with this watering at an
enormous advance in the market.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After it
was watered?
Mr. ALLEY. Yes, after it was watered to
$4,000,000. Some of these men have made a
million dollars out of the operation; and their
charges for telegrams now to the Pacific are
enormously exorbitant. That is the state of
the ease in regard to that line of telegraph.
This Government is paying 510,000 a year sub-
sidy to that poor company to help them out
with the vast expenditure of $1100,000. This
is a very great improvement on that, and I am
in favor of it with sufficient limitations. But I
am not for giving a monopoly to any company
for fourteen years and enable them to control
the markets of the West Indies and all the
South American States. I think this Congress
is hardly prepared to do any such thing. There-
fore I hope this bill will be referred to the com-
mittee and that they will examine the subject,
as I have no doubt they will; and from my im-
pression of the carefulness and prudencc of
the gentleman from Illinois in such matters,
I am quite content to leave it in his hands, hav-
ing no doubt that it will come forth from the
committee in better shape than it is now.
Mr. BAN KS. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to mo a moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. BANKS. From reading this bill, I do
not think it grants the control of the telegraph
line to any private parties for public purposes.
It is a public grant to private individuals for
public uses, and the moment they cease to serve
the public with impartiality the law will step in
and deprive them of their grant. Therefore
there is no great trouble in regard to that.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Congress reserves the
right to repeal the charter.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir. This is a grant, I
say, for public purposes, and it cannot be used
lor any other than public purposes, in which
the whole people have an equal right.
But there is an objection, and I think a just
objection, to the second section, which pro-
vides, " that the said International and Ocean
Telegraph Company shall at all times during a
stale of war give to the United States the free
use of said cable or cables, and telegraph opera-
tors of its own selection." Now, sir, in a state
of war, the United States must take posses-
sion of this line. It will never answer to leave
it in the hands of the company itself with the
privilege of sending communications by opera-
tors in its own employ.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In the em-
ploy of the Government.
Mr. BANKS. So far as it is not in the juris-
diction of the Government this law will have
no effect at all.
It seems to me that the proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois is too severe for a line
which costs theGovernmentnothing, and which
is capable of important public service. To im-
pose upon it the granting of the free use of its
property for an indefinite time in ease of war
is a condition so onerous and unjust that it
should not be enforced. I think it ought to go
to the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
yield to the gonlleman from New York, [Mr.
Darling.]
Mr. DARLING. I have but a few words to
say on this question. I think what we want to
consider is, in the first place, whether this en-
terprise is to be of any value to the country.
Most assuredly the whole commercial inter-
course of the large cities is benefited by being
brought in connection with the West India
islands. And if it is to be a public enterprise
for the benefit of the country, most assuredly
it will not be carried out unless the corporators
are secured in the results and fruits of the en-
terprise. Therefore we ought to give these
gentlenjpn some advantage to encourage them
in investing their capital in a way which is go-
ing to benefit the commerce of the country. It
is well known that capitalists will not seek a
channel of investment that is not likely to yield
any return. And while I, for one, am willing
and desirous that proper guards should be
thrown around all grants of this kind, I never-
theless entertain liberal views upon such ques- *
tions. By extending protection to this enter-
prise we keep it out of the bands of foreign
nations. For there is already a grant given to
a company by Spain for a telegraph 'from the
West Indies to the United States. And "the
State of Florida has already given to certain
corporators a charter for twenty-five years.
Mr. STEVENS. AVhen was that?
Mr. DARLING. Some time ago.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Since the rebel-
lion?
Mr. DARLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire whether the
company to which it is proposed to give this
privilege on our coast is this same Cuban or
Spanish company?
Mr. DARLING. No, sir; it is not.
Mr. HALE. Then I would ask my colleague
what he proposes to accomplish by this except
a strife between two monopolies—one under
our Government and one under the Spanish
Government.
Mr. DARLING. As this is a time of com-
promises, perhaps we can compromise.
Mr. HALE. One having a monopoly at
one end of the line and the other at the other.
Mr. DARLING. I do not propose that they
should have any advantage in this country, at
all events. Whether we can secure the right
is a matter for the future. But I have no doubt,
whatever rights may be obtained from Spain,
that American or Yankee ingenuity and per-
sistency will secure what may fall into the
hands of other individuals.
I do not see any reason why wo should not
grant to these gentlemen this privilege. It
is certainly an enterprise which will develop
great results, and it is of vast importance to
this country.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I now move
to refer the bill with the pending amendments
to the Committee on Commerce, and that they
be printed.
The motiort was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred, and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was ngreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which all the bills from
the Senate were referred, and to lay that motion
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TIIOJIAS F. WILSON.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 14(5, for the relief of Thomas
F. Wilson, late United States consul at Bahia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PUXISIIMENT OF CHIMES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 165, more effectually to jwo-
vide for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
PUBLICATION OF 'HIE LAWS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. No. 50) in relation to
the publication of the laws of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. LATHAM subsequently said : I d«bire
