1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3499
to the force of the argument contained in that
extract. It shows us that the iron-works of the
United States are not well employed, and that
in reference to the increase of duties necessary
for the protection and safety of our own inter-
ests the British ;ron interest hopes to defeat it
by the votes of diose who have been in rebel-
lion against this Government in opposition to
the votes of the loyal States who have upheld
and preserved it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "nine'' and inserting " twoand I
do this, Mr. Chairman, in good faith. I do
it because I believe the great interests of the
American people demand it. And I confess
I cannot understand the argument of my col-
league who offered the first amendment. He
contends these foundery men have been suffer-
ing ; that they have been losing money for the
last ten years. Now, I think that class of
manufacturers throughout the country like to
be ruined in the manner the gentleman has
stated. They have been declaring large divi-
dends, and why it is, when this particular in-
terest has been losing money for-the last ten
years, these men should continue in the busi-
ness is, 1 confess, a mystery to me. But I do
not believe that they have been losing money.
The gentleman closed by saying ho does not
care for a high tariff on pig iron, because it
does not inure to the benefit of these men.
But he says that the injury falls upon the wood-
chopper and the worker in iron. Well, if that
is true, and I think it is altogether probable
in part, this tariff is not going to help them ;
for if you make it four times as large they will
still grind the faces of those who toil in the
coal-bed, and put the additional bounty in the
pockets of the manufacturer. I never knew
th®fnanufacturing interest become liberal to-
ward those they employ, but the more margin
you give them the more money it puts into
their pockets, while they keep the laboring
class just where they always were.
Now, I wish this House to take some decided
action upon this question. You are trying to
inaugurate a protective system. Years ago the
people of the United States settled this ques-
tion. and they settled it in favor of a tariff for
revenue alone. But now when gentlemen rise
for the purpose of advocating a proposition in
regard to tariff duty it is with a view of pro-
tecting something in which they are particu-
larly interested. Sir, the people have fought
this battle and settled it, as 1 said before, in
favor of a revenue tariff. The Congress of 1862,
under the then disturbed condition of the coun-
try, adopted a plan of raising revenue for pro-
tection alone, and not for the purpose of rais-
ing revenue, and this bill provides a further in-
crease ; and the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] even denounces
this bill as a free-trade bill. Great God! If he
calls this a free-trade bill I would like to know
what he would call a protective bill. Sir, this
question of iron is one that interests every sin-
gle man in the whole country. They are all
interested in having it cheap, and as cheap as
it can possibly bo produced. I am satisfied
that the duty that is laid irt this bill on every-
thing in the shape of iron, and I might say,
the same of almost every provision in this
bill, is only for the purpose of prohibiting the
importation of these articles, and inflicting that
much penalty upon the consuming class.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Chairman, upon this ques-
tion of a duty on iron, and upon all other
questions pertaining to the general subject of
a tariff, I am willing and anxious to go for the
very highest duties that are necessary to pro-
tect every branch of our industry. I do it not
alone with a view of building up our manufac-
turing interests, but. as has been well said by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bcndy,] of giv-
ing employment to the men who are engaged
by"these various manufacturingestablishments,
ill order that they may be well clothed and led.
We need protective duties not for revenue alone
but in order that we may build up on our own
soil manufacturing establishments by which
we maj manufacture everything that is neces-
sary for our use, so that our own people may
not be dependent upon foreign countries for
their supplies. This policy I consider of prime
necessity.
In regard to the article of iron, I wish to
make this statement, that in my own district,
which has a considerable interest in the ques-
tion, fifteen years ago the manufacture of iron
was quite an active business. Before the war
nine tenths of the capital invested in the manu-
facture of iron—and we manufactured pig-motal
iron alone—had been taken out of the business.
It was completely broken down. The war itself
only reestablished the business in part. During
the last year and a half pig metal has been
imported from Europe and sold upon the Ohio
river, within sight of the very smoke of our
furnaces, at four dollars per ton less than they
could manufacture it, thereby crushing them
out and preventing them from engaging in the
business at all. And it is so in reference to all
other branches of our industry, and will be so
unless the duty is made sufficient to enable the
manufacturers to renew their work. Unless
you put upon this single item of pig metal
alone a sufficient tariff to enable the manufac-
turers to go on with their work, all the capital
invested in the valley of the Ohio must be with-
drawn and go into something else, and thus
thousands of people heretofore engaged in the
business will be thrown out of employment.
Now, sir, I think the duty is too low. I
should like to see it increased three dollars per
ton over what it is ; but as the gentleman from
Ohio has moved to increase it only ono dollar,
if the House will agree to that I shall bo con-
tent. For myself, however, let me say that I
will go for the highest possible duty, and I hope
the House will increase it as proposed. \
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of closing debate upon
the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Soofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 71S,
to provide increased revenuefrom imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to 110 reso-
lution thereon.
CLOSE OF DKBATK.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the subject of pig iron shall be ter-
minated in three minutes after the committee
shall resume the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on t he state of the
Union (Mr. Scofieu) in the chair) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 718, to pro-
vide increased revenue from imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire merely to correct
a statement made by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lk Bloxu] in relation to the wages paid
by our manufacturers for labor. lie is cer-
tainly veiy much mistaken in supposing that
the manufacturers of this country do not pay
their employes liberally. Why. sir, women
employed in manufactories in this country get
more wages than men do abroad. And in
connection with this iron interest, there is no
branch of the business where the laborers of
this country do not receive at least d nhle what
is paid to laborers for similarwork in England.
With the exception of skilled labor, the labor-
ers in the iron founderies of this country re-
ceive three times as much as foreign laborers
do ; and in regard to those engaged in the man-
ufacture of silk goods our workmen receive
four or five times as much as similar laborers
do abroad.
Mr. BUNDY. As I stated before, my reason
for proposing a tax of ten dollars was that I be-
lieved that the committee might agree to that.
1 do not wish to make any further remarks
upon this subject, but I wish to have read a
brief extract, which I send to the Clerk's desk,
from llyland's British Iron Trade Circular,
received by the last steamer.
The Clerk road as follows:
"Thereis no prospect of the domand from tho Uni-
ted States subsiding, at any rate until tho orders for
the spring trade are in and have been placed. Tho
inercaso that has been going on assumes an extraor-
dinary eharacter, as evidenced by the returns of the
Board of Trade, tho figures of which were given in
full, according to the usual custom, in our last circu-
lar. Of pig and puddled iron, in Novemmber, 1863,
we supplied 3.402 tons; in 1804, 380 tons; and in the
same month of 1865,12,120. Of railroad iron at the
same dates, 8,731,097, and 7,141 tons; but the month
of December will show singularly larger returns in
this direction, as our Cardiff and Liverpool reports
have testified in each number. Our present Liver-
pool leport, for instance, shows an export of 1,857
ton of pig iron. 1,154 tons of burs. 100 tons of hoops,
02 bags. 37 casks of nails, 52 tons rod, 01 tons of sheets,
4 tons of wire, 341 packages of hardwaro, £4,700 valuo
of machinery, and 12,850 boxes of tin-plates to tho
United States in six days, from the 22d to tho 28th of
December.'' .
The question was taken on Mr. Lb Blond's
amendment, to strike out "nine" and insert
"two" in lieu thereof, and it was disagreed to.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Buxdy, there were—ayes 65, noes 42.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I call'lor tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ixgehsom.
and Buxpy wore appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 58, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. A number of articles
made of cast iron have been, by an oversight,
omitted from the bill. To supply the omission
I movefile following amendment;
Insert after line five of section five the following:
On vessels of east iron not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and on andirons, sad-irons, tailors' and
hatters' irons, stoves and stove-plates of cast iron,
two and a quarter cents per pound; on glazed, tinned,
or enameled cast-iron hollow-ware, four and a half
cents per pound; on tinned and enameled wiought-
iron hollow-ware, six and a half cents per pound;
on cast-iron steam, gas, water pipe, two cents per
pound; on cast-iron butti} and hinges, three cents
per pound; on all other castings of iron not herein
otherwise provided tor, thirty-iivo per cent, ad va-
lorem.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means how these rates compare with those
of the present tariff.
Mr. MO RR1LL. On stove-plates, sad-irons,
hollow-ware, made of cast iron, the present
rate of duty is one cent and a half per pound.
On wrought-iron hollow-ware, tin, glazed or
enameled, the present duty is three and a half
cents per pound.
Mr. KASSON. T am in favor of continuing
the rates established by the present tariff. I
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On bars rolled or hammered, comprising flat bars
not less than one and a half inch wide, nor moro
than four inches wide, nor less than half an inch
thick, nor more than two inches thick, one ecnt and
a quarter per pound.
Mr. HALE. I move to .intend by striking
out in tho last line of the paragraph just read
the word ''quarter" and inserting in lieu
thereof tho word "half," so that the duty
shall be '• one cent and a half per pound."
I understand, Mr. Chairman, that the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in sustaining the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. BrxiiyJ in
regard to pig iron, adopted what is understood
to have been the recommendation of the rev-
enue commission. A schedule of duties upon
iron was agreed upon by the iron manufac-
turers of this country as the very lowest, rates
under which tliey could possibly run their
mills. This schedule, as I understand, (though
I have not the right to speak positively on
the question,) received the approval of the.
