1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2539
You come out with another proposition, in
the third section, to disfranchise a million
voters, and I think I can say with safety that a
speech has not been made on the other side
wherein something was not said in favor of the
enfranchisement of the human race, and yet
you come here to-day, in the face of heaven
and this Congress, and undertake to enunciate
a doctrine that will, if carried out, disfranchise
seven or eight million people, and that will put
them in a worse condition than the serfs of
Russia or the downtrodden people of Poland
and Hungary until the year 1870. Itis an entire
change of front. You have been all the time
maintaining the principle of representation
based upon the voting population, and now,
when these people have been so unfortunate
as to be burdened with a free colored race, in
consequence of the sins of northern fanatics
and secessionists, you propose to disfranchise
seven or 'eight million who had no original
participation in the matter.
Why, sir, the Scriptures tell me that when
Christ came upon the earth the fallen world
had been doomed to punishment for the com-
mission of sin and liad been assigned to eter-
nal damnation. xVnd I am informed by the
same Scriptures that Christ gave His body, His
blood, and His soul as a propitiation for the
sins of mankind. Now, I ask you to emulate
the noble example of the Saviour of the world.
Let us treat our southern brethren like men,
like freemen, like fellow-citizens. And we will
have a laurel crown placed upon our brows,
if not here, then in heaven, and we shall re-
ceive the plaudit, " Well done, good and faith-
ful servants of the Republic."
There is no honor in standing here and
abusing the southern people. The revolution
through which we have just passed was such a
revolution as Abraham Lincoln, when a mem-
ber of Congress some years ago, said that the
people had a right to engage in as an effort to
throw off a Government they did not like and
to establish another that they preferred. The
people of the South attempted to revolutionize
the Government; they arrayed large armies
against the United States and failed. And if
we had failed in our revolution against Great
Britain I have no doubt there would have been
found in the Parliament of that country rad-
icals who would have urged against us what
the radicals here urge against the people of
the South.
Our people have shed their blood and spent
their treasure in profusion to preserve this
Union. The bones of our brave soldiers are
now bleaching upon the soil of Virginia. I
have not yet forgotten that the sacred tomb of
Washington, around which our soldiers gath-
ered and renewed their vows to preserve the
institutions of liberty bequeathed to us by our
fathers, is in the soil of Virginia, one of the
Statej which a majority of the members of|
this Congress are trying to keep out of this
Union.
Rebellion or revolution never has been con-
sidered by the civilized world, as having that
odiousness and moral turpitude that attaches
to men for the commission of henious crimes.
And when the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Keixey] undertakes to charge
the great masses of the South as being mur-
derers like Probst, he goes counter to the his-
tory of the world, and against the revolution
which in the end gave Magna Charta to Eng-
land, and which handed down to this country
those bulwarks of liberty upon which our Dec-
laration of Independence and our Constitu-
tion are founded. I say they are not murder-
ers, they are not thieves, they are not felons ;
they are simply political convicts before the
altar of patriotism. And the patriotic man
who now sits in the presidential chair has, in the
spirit of Christianity and humanity, extended
to these men pardons, which I say, which the
courts say, which tradition says, and which the
history of the world says, relieve their recipients
of all the effects consequent upon the crime.
Mr. KELLEY. As the gentleman has re-
ferred to me personally-—
I cannot yield.
And will not yield for an
Mr. ROGERS. I cannot be interrupted,
for I have but thirty minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I have to say 
Mr. ROGERS. I cannot be interrupted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] is entitled to proceed
without interruption.
Mr. KELLEY. As the gentleman misrep-
resents me  
Mr. ROGERS.
Mr. KELLEY.
explanation.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman fromPcnn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] is not in order and will
take his seat.
Mr. KELLEY (taking his seat.) I must pro-
nounce his statement false.
Mr. ROGERS. I say the gentleman must
not come here and vilify the people of the
South in this way by comparing them with
murderers, and by bringing in the argument
that they are as deserving of reprobation and
punishment as the monster Probst. I say the
masses of the people in the South are not to
blame for this war at all. It was the leaders
of the South, such men as Yancey and others
there, and the fanatical demagogues of the
North, some of whom the President has
named, (I of course except those upon this
floor,) who are guilty of this war.
Sir, you can never win the affcctions of any
people by treating them in the manner in which
you propose to treat those people by these
measures. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] is an honest man; I give him
credit for that, for I have taken particular
notice and studied his caliber, and I believe
he is honest in his opinions.
Yes, sir, the honorable gentleman [Mr. Ste-
vens] says that these persons can come in after
the 4tli of July, 1870. This resolution does
not guaranty any such thing. We must refer
to the bill with which the committee accom-
pany the resolution. That bill provides that
every State in this Union that is now unrepre-
sented must, before being allowed to have Rep-
resentatives here, even though they can take
the test oath, ratify this constitutional amend-
ment. Though this constitutional amendment
should be ratified by three fourths of the States,
not one of the eleven States now unrepresented
can have representation here unless each State
itself joins in ratifying it. Is that fair? Ithas
been said by the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania that nineteen States —three
fourths of those that have never passed acts
of secession—are sufficient for the ratification
of this constitutional amendment. Why, then,
do you seek to compel each of the southern
States to ratify the amendment and alter its
constitution and laws in conformity thereto,
before you will admit here, on taking the
usual oath, such honorable and loyal men as
are now presenting themselves as Represent-
atives from the State of Tennessee and the
State of Arkansas?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, in my
half hour I shall confine myself to the amend-
ments of the Constitution now under consider-
ation. When the bill reported by the commit-
tee of fifteen comes up for action by this House
I may desire to say something in regard to it.
I intend to vote for this amendment in the
form reported, with the exception of the third
section. It is not all I could wish; it is
not all I hope may yet be adopted and rat-
ified; for I am not without hope that Congress
and the people of the several States may yet
rise above a mean prejudice and do equal and
exact justice to all men, by putting in practice
that "self-evident truth'' of the Declaration
of Independence, that Governments "derive
their just powers from the consent of the gov-
erned," and giving to every citizen, white or
black, who lias not forfeited the right by his
crimes, the ballot. But I do not think it is
becoming in a legislator to oppose some good
because the measure is not all he wants.
The first section of the amendment proposed
is as follows:
Sec. 1. No State shall mako or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State de-
prive any person of life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law; nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of its laws.
So far as this section is concerned, there is
but one clause in it which is not already in the
Constitution, and it might as well in my opin-
ion read, "No State shall deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of
the laws." But a reaffirmation of a good prin-
ciple will do no har.m, and I shall not therefore
oppose it on account of what I may regard as
surplusage.
''Equal protection of the laws;" can there
be any well-founded objection to this? Is not
this the very foundation of a republican govern-
ment? Is it not the undeniable right of every
subject of the Government to receive "equal
protection of the laws" with every other sub- _
jeet? llow can he have and enjoy equal rights
of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"
without'' equal protection of the laws?'' This
is so self-evident and just that no man whose
soul is not too cramped and dwarfed to hold
the smallest germ of justice can fail to see and
appreciate it.
The second section of the amendments pro-
posed is as follows:
Sec. 2. Representatives sh all bo apportioned among
the several States which may be included within this
Union according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the wholo number of persons in each State, ex-
cluding Indiansnot taxed. But whenever in any State
the elective franchise shall be denied to any portion
of its male citizens not le&s than twenty-ono years of
age or in any way abridged, except, for participation
in rebellion or other crime, the basis of representa-
tion in such State shall be reduced in the proportion
which the number of such male citizens shall bear
to the whole number of male citizens not less than
twenty-ono years of age.
I like this better than the one this House
adopted some time since, and which was
defeated in the Senate. That amendment I
declared then, as I do now, that I did not like.
It received my vote in common with many
other members of this House, but with hesita-
tion, doubt, and protest. I will not reiterate
the reasons now; but, sir, I have no sympathy
with nor approval for the denunciations which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] has seen fit to hurl at those Senators
who differed with him and defeated the adop-
tion of that amendment. I rather admire their
patriotism, their courage, and their sense.
The amendment, however, now under con-
sideration is free from what I considered the
most objectionable features of the other.
The Constitution now provides for the appor-
tionment of Representatives according to the
"whole number of free persons" and "three
fifths of all other persons." Consequently,
before emancipation, three fifths of the slaves
were enumerated, which gave to the slave States
nineteen Representatives in Congress, and as
many electors of President, based upon a con-
stituency of slaves alone. Bnt now there are
no " other personsall are free; and when
the other two fifths are added in the enumera-
tion they will give the late slave States thir-
teen more Representatives and electoral votes
than before, making thirty-two Representatives
and electors for the four million emancipated
slaves. Now, this amendment says to those
States this: "If the freedmen are so degraded
and ignorant as to be unworthy of enfranchise-
ment; if they are not capable of governing
themselves, but must be hold in subjection to
and governed by their late masters, then they
are not fit to govern the country through the
votes of others." They shall not by any such
prestidigitation, be dead at the ballot-box, but
alive here, dumb, without a voice for their
own government, and with thirty-two voices on
this floor, and thirty-two votes for President
and Vice President. They shall not be used
to swell their rebel masters into giants and
dwarf the loyal and patriotic men of the free
States into Tom Thumbs! If you deny to any
portion of the loyal citizens of your State the
right to vote for Representatives you shall not
assume to represent them, and, as you have
done for so long a time, misrepresent and
