3500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 29,
teveuue commission. The rates named in this
schedule have been reviewed, and almost uni-
formly reduced, by the Committee of Ways
and Means. The votesalready taken indicate,
"I believe, the sense of the House that in mak-
ing this reduction the Committee of Ways and
Means has erred, and that we ought to adopt
the very moderately increased rates approved
by the revenue commission. If this amend-
ment shall be adopted, I shall propose a change
in a portion at least of the other provisions,
so as to make the rates of duty on the various
articles correspond with the rates recommended
by the revenue commission.
Mr. LB BLOND. Mr. Chairman, I rise for
the purpose of opposing this amendment. I
may remark that I do not expect to offer an-
other word during the consideration of this
tariff bill. I am satisfied from the votes which
have already been taken that no change for
the better can be effected in this bill. I am
convinced that no change can be made that
will result to the benefit of the consumers
throughout the country. There is an evident
determination in this House to frame  and
enact a tariff that is calculated to exclude
importations in order to benefit the manu-
facturing interests alone.
  Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of
gentlemen to an important consideration inti-
mately connected with this bill. In the first
place you inaugurate a protective system. The
Government must be carried on; and in order
to keep the wheels of the Government in mo-
tion you must have revenue. How do you
raise it? After you have adopted a high pro-
tective tariff, which to a great extent excludes
importations and thus largely diminishes the
revenue from imports, you turn round, and
in your internal revenue law, tax the very
last dollar of the people, drawing from them
every cent that you can from every possible
source. The consumers of the country are
already very heavily taxed in a direct form ; yet
you adopt a bill which operates to exclude
importations and increase the price of almost
every article which the laboring classes neces-
sarily and largely consume. This will doubt-
less operate very nicely for the manufacturing
interests of the Bast; but as a western man,
representing western interests, I feel it my
duty, as I conceive it to be the duty of every
western man, to oppose this bill in every pos-
sible way.
Sir, look at the free list which has been
adopted in our internal revenue bill. Does it
inure to the benefit of the West? Does it ben-
efit any western man, except with regard to
two or three articles? Why, sir, that long
list inures almost exclusively to the benefit of
the State of New York and the New England
States. I know that, with regard to the sub-
ject of iron, my Democratic friends from Penn-
sylvania do not stand with me upon this ques-
tion, but, in taking the attitude which they
do, they, in my opinion, stand in opposition
to the great interests of the American people.
The sentiment of the masses in this country is
averse to the principle of laying high duties
for the purpose of protecting the manufactur-
ing interests alone. Gentlemen here, in their
action on this bill, put out of view entirely the
question of raising revenue from imports. All
their arguments are based upon the idea of
protecting the manufacturing interests. How
many, I would ask, do_ thev benefit by this sys-
tem, in comparison with the number that they
embarrass and cripple ?
Mr. HALE. Does the gentleman wish an
answer?
Mr. LE BLOND. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. Answering for my own district,
I would say at least ninety-nine out of every
hundred, and I think nine hundred and ninety-
nine out of every thousand.
Mr. LE BLOND. Does the gentleman mean
to say that that is the proportion of those bene-
fited by a high protective tariff?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. Well, I presume that the
gentleman lives in an iron district, where almost
all the people are miners or workers of ore. If
that is the ease, I am not surprised at his state-
ment. There are, I doubt not, many other gen-
tlemen interested in the same way and who vote
in the same manner. But if gentlemen will go
among the masses of the American people and
ask them .whether they are in favor of a high
protective tariff, or of a tariff for revenue alone,
I think that gentlemen will not be able to mis-
understand the response which the people will
give to such an inquiry.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] is.usually face-
tious in his remarks in this House; but I think
he has been more successful in his last effort
than I have known him to be on any previous
occasion. He would seem to intimate that the
free list in the internal revenue bill was made
specially for the benefit of New England. Why,
.sir, no gentleman in theHousecanbe unaware
of the fact that that list was carried entirely by
gentlemen from the West. They had it all
their own way. In fact, if a New England man
would have any chance at all under that bill,
it would be necessary for him to remove into
Ohio or west'of the Mississippi.
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman from
Vermont would come to the West, we would
convert him in a very short time to liberal
principles.
Mr. MORRILL. Now, sir, in relation to
this very article, iron, New England would be
very glad to have no duties at all upon it. It is
for the protection of the Ohio, Kentucky, and
Missouri interests that the duties are to be
increased.
But, Mr. Chairman, in all soberness on
this subject, we ought to consider it fairly. In
the internal revenue bill we did take off the
jluty on pig iron; we also removed it upon
coal; we also removed it upon freights. The
rate proposed by the committee, therefore,
was thought to be reasonable, and I hope it
will be retained.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a single question. I under-
stand him to say, by his remarks, that he is in
favor of a revenue tariff, but not of a protec-
tive tariff.
Mr. LE BLOND. That is it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman says I un-
derstand him correctly. I take it, a revenue
tariff must be levied on the manufactured ar-
ticle or on the raw material. I would ask the
gentleman upon which he prefers it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I should have an ad va-
lorem, tariff on everything imported, and let
that operate as a protection, as it would inci-
dentally.
Mr. DAWES. He prefers an ad valorem
duty. I understand the experience of every-
body has proved an ad valorem duty is the very
best possible method in which the tariff can be
defrauded; but I do not understand the gen-
tleman is in favor of it for that reason.
Mr. LE BLOND. We will have honest men
in those days.
Mr. DAWES. The duty must be levied on
the raw material or on the manufactured ar-
ticle. If you levy it on the raw material you
discriminate against American labor, and if
you levy it on the manufactured article you dis-
criminate in favor of American labor. You
must have either a protective tariff or a tariff
which discriminates against American labor.
I understand the gentleman from Ohio to be
in favor of that which discriminates against
American labor, and there I leave him.
Mr. LE BLOND. Not at all.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order on the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I shall move that the com-
mittee rise unless it be agreed that debate shall
terminate on this subject of bar iron.
There was no objection; and it was so or-
dered.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent,
■withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Hale's amend-
ment.
The,committee divided;,and there were—
ayes 23, noes 54.
Mr. HALE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hale and
Orth. w.ere appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 34, noes 59.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Olerk read as follows:
On bars rolled or hammered, comprising flat bars
less than one and a half inches and more than four
inches wide, and*less than one half of an inch thick,
and not thinner than one fourth of an inch, one and
three quarters cents per pound; on bars rolled or
hammered, comprising all sizes thinner than one
fourth of an inch and not thinner than number eight
wire gauge, two cents per pound; on all sizes hoop,
band, or other descriptions of iron, thinner than
number eight wire gauge, two and one half cents
per pound.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On bars or rods, round or square, not less than
seven eighths of an inch diameter or square, nor
more than two inches diameter or square, one and
one quarter cent per pound.
Mr. HALE moved in line twenty-two to
strike out "one quarter" and insert "one
half."
The CHAIRMAN stated that debate was
not in order.
Mr. MOORHEAD hoped the amendment
would be adopted and demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Moor-
head and Cook were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On bars or rods, round or square, less than seven
eighths of an inch diameter orsquare, and more than
two inches diameter orsquare, and notless than nine-
sixteenths of an inch round orsquare, one and three-
fourth cents per pound; on-bars or rods, roifiwl or
squareness than nine sixteenths of an inch diameter
or square, and not less than five sixteenths of an
inch diameter or square, two cents per pound; on
rods less than five sixteenths of an inch diameter or
square, and less than number nine wire gauge, two
and ahalf cents per pound; on rods less than num-
ber nine wire gauge, three cents per pound; on" all
sizes of nail rods, slit or rolled, two and a half cents
per pound; on all sizes, oval, half oval, and half
round iron, two and a half cents per pound; on all
sizes of plate iron, not thinner than numberten wire
gauge, two cents per pound; on sheet or plate iron
thinner than number ten wire gauge, and notthinner
than number eighteen wiregauge, twoandone fourth
cents per pound; on sheet or plate iron thinner than
number eighteen wire gauge, and not thinner than
number twenty-two wire gauge, two and one half
cents per pound; on sheet or plate iron thinner than
number twenty-two wire gauge, two and three fourth
cents per pound; on polished sheet iron, of all de-
scriptions, four cents per pound; on iron hoops, out
to uniform length or lengths, fit for use, all sizes and
descriptions, two and three fourths cents per pound.
On iron of any description less finished than bars,
and more advanced than pig, blooms, slabs, or mucK
bar, one cent per pound: Provided, That, all iron in
slabs, blooms, loops, orothcrforms, less finished than
bars and more advanced than pig iron, except cast-
ings, shall pay one and a quarter cent per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hale] has suggested an ambiguity
about the last paragraph, and 1 therefore move
to strike out all after the word "on" in the
first line down to and including the word
"that/' and also to strike out the wordp "shall
pay;" so that it will read, " on all iron m slabs,
blooms, loops, or other forms, less finished than
bars and more advanced than pig iron, except
castings, one and a quarter cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend on page
seventeen, line fifty, the paragraph in regard
to polished sheet iron.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have
passed that, and it will require unanimous con-
sent to go back.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The Clerk read as follows:
On iron of any size or description, not included,
embraced, or enumerated in this act, one and three
fourths of a cent per pound; on chains or cables or
parts of cables or chain, made of iron rods more than
five eighths of an inch in diameter, three cents per
pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert before
the word "chains" where it first occurs the
words "anchors or;" so that it will read, "on
