THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
of those to which the former owner was en-
titled.
Mr. ELIOT. The allotments were made and
continue until some other military action, or
until the action of Congress. The Senate by
the bill, as it has come to the House, confirms
the titles for a term of years. The amendment
proposed by the committee provides that if the
owners of the lands, either under the circular
No. 15—which is believed to be inoperative or
illegal by many persons—or in any other way,
should be entitled to their lands, the freedmen
who have had those lands allotted to them
should not be expelled from them against their
consent and without a provision for another
home.
* Mr. THAYER. I understand by the proviso
that the consent of the occupant is necessary
before restoration takes place.
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; that they should not
be compelled to expatriate themselves or be
driven into Florida or Georgia, or anywhere
else, a^vay from their own homes; that they
should not be compelled to leave the lands which
the Government had assigned them, but that
their consent should be obtained to take an-
other home.
Mr. THAYEB. That the consent of the
occupant is necessary before the Commissioner
can order a restoration ?
Mr. ELIOT. Before a restoration should be
ordered; before the former owner should be put
in occupancy again of his estate.
Mr. THAYER. There seems to bo a little
solecismin the language of the proviso in speak-
ing in the same breath of a person being enti-
tled to restoration, and at the same time making
the restoration depend upon the right s of a third
parly.
Mr. ELIOT. I dare say the criticism may
be good ; but it is verbal, and I do not think it
strikes at the meaning.
Mr. THAYER. It is verbal, but it also has
some substance in it, because the proviso may
mean either one of two things. Grammatically
it would mean, I take it, that where the owner
was entitled to restoration he should have res-
toration, and that the occupants should leave
their lands if he wanted them. But i supposed
that as there seemed to be no particular reason
why the consent of the man who is offered the,
lands should lie made a condition for giving
them to him, probably the very meaning which
the gentleman now tells me was intended to be
attached to the proviso was the meaning in
tended to be conveyed. I understand that the
gentleman distinctly asserts that that was the
meaning intended to be imparted by the pro-
viso.
Mr. ELIOT. It was not intended that the
freedmen should be compelled to vacate the
lands upon which they had been placed by the
Government until another home satisfactory to
them was procured for them.
Mr. TlIAYEJt. I would suggest, then,
whether it would not, perhaps, be well to sub-
stitute for the words " where parties are enti-
tled to a restoration,"' the words where par-
ties make application forrest.orat.ion," or some
similar words.
Mr. ELIOT. Well, it is very possible that
may be so.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know something
about these lands which are referred to as lands
to which parties are ''entitled to restoration.''
I want to know whether there is any doubt
about these lands having been the lands of men
engaged in the belligerent enemy's army, and
subject to confiscation under our law of ISC:! ?
Did not the lands belong, before they were
taken by us, to belligerent foes, and were they
not seized by us as an enemy's property and
Thus appropriated? I ask the question, because,
if that be so, 1 want to know why the gentle-
man talks about their being •' entitled to l'estoi -
ation."
Mr. ELTOT. Well, oven suppose it were as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania suggests, the
time might come when they would be entitled to
restoration. The suggestion made by the other
gentleman ftom Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] is
one that I shall probably be very glad to avail
myself of herealter.
Mr. THAYER. I make the suggestion be-
cause I think the language of the bill would/in
all probability, give rise to difficulty.
Mr. ELIOT. The difficulty might very easily
be removed by saj ing that1'wheneverthe owners
of lands occupied under Gene ral Sherman's field
order shall make application to be restored to
said lands," &c. Before a final vote is taken
on the bill that difficulty can be obviated.
Mr. Speaker, there are so many reasons that
ought to be given to the House why this bureau
should be enlarged and continued that I am at
a loss to know which to specify first; but I want
to read right here an argument which comes
from the freedmen of Virginia in a letter to the
Speaker of this House, ltis a letter which the
Speaker was kind enough to place in my hands
early in the session, and is dated "Tappan-
nock, December 3,1865." I will read it exactly
as it is written :
"IIoxor'd Sip-• I desire to write you a few lines
concerning wc colored people, who by our emancipa-
tion arc now left homeless, moneyless, and friendless,
and In many cases wc are V.-or.- or now than when in a
state of slavery. Our employers refuse to pay us
wages for our work; they also refuso to rent us lands
or sell us lands. By this we are in a wretched state.
Please, Mr. Speaker, to lay this before, the members,
that they may add a few drops of water to tlio great
flame that is now sweeping over the great mansion
of wc eolored people. We needs homes and protec-
tion, pa y for our work and also work to do. We also
want Schools for the education of our children. Wo
need Churches to Worship the hue and living God
in. Wc need protection for otirperson and property.
Please, Mr, Speaker, add one word concerning our
wages the present year. Wo have no power of our
own. AV'e can donothing more than Petition; and if
We arc Deiected, then for weeping and waiting and
such troubles as yet never been known in Earth.
Please Mr. Speaker add a few words in behalf of wo
Ooloi ed People, who have over proved ourselves to be
loval to your Government. By so doing you will
oblige, Mr, Speaker, Your many kind Friends."
I think that is a pretty good argument for
the Freedmen's Bnreau.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly, sir.
Jilr. SMITH. I desire to ask the gentleman,
not because I am opposed to the bill, but for
an argument on this point, what lie understands
or means in this bill by the term ''refugees"
in contradistinction to the term "freedmen?"
Iiis answer will probably lead me to ask ail-
other question.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 suppose refugees to be those
who are not freedmen; that is to say those who
had not been in slavery. Colored refugees may
bo freedmen or they may not: but refugees may
be white; and when the terms ''refugees" and
"freedmen" aroused, I suppose the difference
would be thai, the refugees were while.
Mr. SMITH. Then the word "refugee"
applies only t,^ whites. I would inquire further
if, under this law and under the operations of
(he Freedmen's Bureau, all white men who
were not, rebels and who were as poor as the
negroes are entitled to the same privileges and
the same protection that negroes are?
Mr. ELIOT. The object of this bill is to
place the refugees—that is to say the loyal white
men who have fled from their homes because
of the rebellion—upon the same footing with the
freedmen as to the care and protection of the
Government.
Mr. SMITH. 1 would ask the gentleman an-
other question. I would inquire if he has re-
ceived any letters, or if it is within the knowl-
edge of the committee, that there are any people
in Virginia or any other of the southern States,
of the white race, who are in the same condition
in regard to property and the right to hold prop-
erty that negroes are, and if there is as much
disposition on the part of the committee to take
care of them as there is to take care of the ne-
groes ? Because in the South 1 here are a large
number of white people who never have owned
a loot of land, who never have been in posses-
j sion of any property, not even a cow or a horse,
yet who have been as true and devoted loyalists
as anybody else. I would like to know if the
provisions of this bill are intended to embrace
them and protect them, andiftheideasuggested
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] that all the property South must be con-
fiscated for the benefit of those who live in States
that have been considered loyal will inure to
their benefit as well as to the benefit of the peo-
ple of Pennsylvania atid of the black population.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me answer the gentle-
man. I do not suppose that all the property in
the South will be confiscated. Our confiscation
act contemplates the property only of those who
were engaged in armed hostility to the United
States. .
Mr. ELIOT. I will say to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] that there is no
distinction made in this billbetween the rights
of freedmen and of refugees under it. They are
treated alike from the first to the last. If the
gentleman now desires to make another inquiry
of me, I will yield to him.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to know whether the
vast white population of the South who were
true to the Government, and sought their homes
in the hills and mountains and the valleys and
caves of that country during the war, are to re-
ceive the same consideration upon the part of
this House that the other class, who probably
unfortunately are black, are now receiving on
the part of the gentleman and those concerned
with him.
Mr. ELIOT. Exactly the same.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to say that I do not feel
inclined to oppose this bill, or to withhold com-
plete protection from people who are colored.
I think it is our duty to protect them. I would
give them all the advantages that this country
can give to them, elevate them and improve them
as much as possible. But 1 must say, if gentle-
men will allow me to do so, that the whole
argument, all the letters, all the sympathy, and
all that is said from one end to the other is alone
for the eolored people, while our own race is
entirely ignored.
Mr. ELIOT. Nevertheless the refugees have
all the rights under this bill that the freedmen
have, and have been cared for from the begin-
ning by the Commissioner and the assistant com-
missioners under him, wherever that care has
been called for. And I rather incline to think
that it will turn out to be true that large num-
bers—I will not say more than of freedmen—but
very large numbers of refugees have derived
benefit under this law. Gentlemen around me
say that as many refugees as freedmen have
been cared for. i am not prepared to say that;
but large numbers of them have been cared for.
There may be a difference between the two
classes, however, in this respect: there is not
one State where these refugees might not per-
haps live in comparative safety if this bureau is
withdrawn. I do not know that I can say that
either. But this is true, that there is not one
rebel Slate where these freedmen could live in
safety if the arm of the Governmentis withheld.
Why, sir, there have been contracts made in
different Stales which are as repugnant to our
sense of honor and justice as ever any arrange-
ments under the old slave codes could have
been. In the town of Opelousas, Louisiana,
some time ago, the following " ordinance rela-
tive to the police of recently emancipated ne-
groes or freedmen within the corporate limits
of the town of Opelousas" was passed:
Whereas the relations formerly subsisting between
master and slave ha\ o become changed by the action
of the controlling authorities; and whereas it is ne-
cessary to provide for tho proper police and govern-
ment of the recently emancipated negroes or freed-
men in their new relations to the municipal authori-
ties:
Sec. 1. Be ittlicrrfore orduined by the board of po-
tior of the town of Ojielovsafi, That no negro or freed-
man shall bo allowed to come within the limits
of the town of Opelousas without special permission
from his employer, specifying the object of his visit,
and the time necessaiy fur the accomplishment of the
same. Whoever shall violate this provision shall
sufferimprisonment and two days' work on thepub'ie
streets, or shall pay a fine of $2 50.
Site. 2. //' it fia the,- ordninrd, That every negro or
freedmfin who shall be found on the streets of Ope-
lousas after ten o'clock at night without a written
pass or permit from his employer shall be imprisoned
and compelled to work five days on the public streets,
or pay a fine of five dollars.
Sec. 3. No negro or freedman shall be permitted
to rent or keep a house within the limits of tho town
under any circumstances; and any ono thus o trending
