1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 2%
to state that the Committee on Printing were
prepared to report with reference to the joint
resolution of the Senate just referred to them
in relation to the publication of the laws of the
United States. My understanding was that the
chairman of that committee [Mr. Laphjj] would
ask that that joint resolution should b^put upon
its passage when called. I notice he is not in
Ms place. S
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing [Mr. Latlht] sent word to
the Chair that if he was not in his seat when
the joint resolution came up, he desired to have
it referred to the Committee on Printing, which
-  was done.
LIEUTENANT JOSIAH D. TODD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was aa act (S. No. 57) for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Josiah D. Todd, late of the
United States Navy, deceased; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
TIU5AT1T OF WASHINGTON.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 68) to carry into effect the
fourth article of the treaty of Washington, con-
cluded between Great Britain and the United
States on the 9th of August, 1842; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee oil Foreign Affairs.
JANE IIAHRIS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 200) for the relief of Jane
Harris ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
COMMODORE WILLIAM RADIOED.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. No. 44) authorizing
Commodore William Radford to acceptra dec-
oration from the King of Italy ; which was read
a firstand second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
GOLDSMITH BROTHERS.
The last business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 192) for the relief of Gold-
smith Brothers, of the cities of San Francisco,
California, and Portland, Oregon, brokers;
which was read a iirst and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
LEAVE 01? ABSENCE.
Mr. IILBBAItD, of West Virginia, askedand
obtained for his colleague, Mr. VViialey, leave
of absencc for ton (\i\ys.
CONDITION OF MEXTCO.*
The SPKAK'EK l;ud before tlio IIouso the
following message from the President of the
United States, with the accompanying docu-
ments :
To the House of Representatives:
In compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 11th of De-
cember last, requesting information upon the
present condition of aflairs in the republic of
Mexico,^! transmit a report from the Secre-
tary ot State, and the papers by which it was
accompanied. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 20, 186(5.
Mr. BAN RS. I move that the message,
together with the accompanying documents,
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WAS tlBPRNE, of Illinois. Isitneces-
Sary to have that great pile of papers printed?
Mr. BANKS. They are papers which have
been called for by the House. It is always
customary, I believe, to print the messages of
the President.
The motion was agreed to.
QUALIFICATION OF JURORS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
con^p„nt' introduced a bill in relation to the
qualifications of j urors in certain eases; which
was read a- first and isecoad time.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask that the bill be read
in full.
Tiie bill was read at length. It provides that
in trials for treason against the United States,
or of other high crimes and misdemeanors
against the United States, committed by or-
ganized military forces and a multitude of peo-
ple, no person shall be disqualified from acting
as a juror by reason of having formed and ex-
pressed an opinion upon the guilt or innocence
of the accused, based upon public rumor, state-
ments in the public journals, or the common
history of the times, provided he shall be other-
wise competent and shall declare upon his oath,
and it shall appear to the satisfaction of the
court that, notwithstanding such opinion, he
can and will impartially try the accused upon
the crime charged in the indictment, anda true
verdict render upon the evidence to be given in
the trial.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
_ The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 86, making additional appropriations,
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 180G, and
for other purposes.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend that certain of the amendments be con-
curred in, and that certain other amendments
be non-concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
these amendments be considered in the House
as in Committee of the Whole, subject to the
five-minute rule.
No objection was made.
First amendment:
Strike out in the appropriations for the light-house
establishment the following:
For commissions, at two and ahalf percent., to such
superintendents as are entitled to the same, under
the proviso to act of March 3,1851, on the amount
that may be disbursed by them, $5,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
non-concur in this amendment; and in malting
this motion, I have the entire approval of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
1 have here a communication irom the chief
of the Light-House Board, and I ask the Clerk
to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Light-House Boaro,
ivasirinotox, J/arcA 'A, 1866.
Sir: It is observed that the deficiency bill was
amended in the Senate bystiikiug out the item of
?5,000 tbr commissions of superintendents of lights
'this item wasrccularly estimatedlbr bytliis office
(see page 2i7 Estimates,; and the light-house service
will materially sailor if tho amount ia not appropri-
ated.
I wouldbcinuch obligedif youwillhavetheamount
reinstated in the bill.
Very respectfully, W. B. SHUBRICK,
Tr m ~ Chairman.
lion. Tiuddf.us Stevens,
Chairman Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SPALDING. This item will be found
in the book of Estimates on page 2-17. The
trouble in the Senate was that the amount,
$5,000, was not carried out. For that reason
they struck out the appropriation. It should
be reinserted, as it is very important.
Jlr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have recommended
that the House concur in this amendment, and
f think it very proper that we should follow
their recommendation.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman perhaps
did not understand my explanation. In mov-
ing to non-concur, I had the entire approba-
tion of the chairman of the.Committee on
Appropriations. A letter from the chief of the
Light-House Board, stating the necessity for
this appropriation, has been read.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My atten-
tion was drawn away at the time, and I did not
hear the gentleman's explanation. I suppose
the matter may be all right.
Mr. STEVENS. The letter which has been
read was not before the committee when the
amendment ot the Senate was under consider-
ation. that letter was only sent to us a day
or two ago.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Second amendment:
On page 5, strike out linos ninety-nine to one hun-
dred and one, as follows:
For survey of, and for buoying out Seekonk river,
from Pawtueket to India Point, in Providence, Rhode
Island, $1,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Third amendment:
On page 7, in line one hundred and forty-one,
strike out "twenty" and insert "ten," so that the
paragraph will read:
For rebuilding outer-range light at Cedar Point,
Sandusky bay, Ohio, $10,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. SPALDING. I send to the Clerk's
desk a letter, which I ask shall be read.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Treasury Department,
Office of the Light-House Board,
Washington-, March'A, 1866.
Sir: I notice that the Senate has amended the bill
making appropriations to support the light-house
establishment for the year 1865-66, known as the de-
ficiency bill, so that the amount appropriated for
range lights at Cedar Point, Sandusky bay, Ohio, is
510,000 instead of $20,000, the estimates of this office.
(See page 117, Estimates of Appropriations, 1863-67.)
Tho lull amount of £20,000 is considered to be ne-
cessary, and it is to be hoped that the original sum
will be appropriated, as less will not be sufficient to
complete tho work.
Very respectfully, W. B. SHUBRICK,
Chawuan.
Hon. Thaodeus Stevf.xs, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
(Strike out" five thousand " and insert in lieu thereof
"six thousand five hundred;" so that tho paragraph
will read :
For fitting up rooms in the basement, under tho
court-room of the Supreme Court, for a consultation
room for the court, $6,500.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For removing the unsightly double railing or feneo
crcctcd across tho old Hall of Representatives, (and
all stands for tho sale ordisplay of any articleswhat-
ever m any of the entrances to the House on the main
floor,) in tho Capitol, ten dollars.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For sewor in Four-and-a-half stroct, in front of
reservation between Missouri avenue and tho canal,
under act of May 15,1820, SI,000.
And in lieu thereof insert tho following:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
pay for sewers and pavins? in front of Government
property constructed under the act of May 5,1861,
ij>32,070.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. WASIIBURNB, of Illinois. I hope we
will not concur. I think it had better go to the
committee of conference.
Mr. INGLRSOLL. I hope the House will
concur in the amendment of the Senate. This
item has been considered both by the com-
mittee of the House and the committee of tho
Senate, and has been reported on favorably.
By mere misapprehension of the law it was
not adopted by the House. It. is now well un-
derstood that this is due to the city of Wash-
ington by virtue of a contract with the Gov-
ernment. The money ought to be paid, and
there ought not to be any hesitation about it
when it is found to be due. I hope the House
will concur in the amendment and show at
least its willingness to comply with the law of
1864, which covered this thing precisely. The
Committee on Appropriations have recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment of
the Senate.
