2540
THE COJSTGKESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
oppress them. This is a step in the right
direction; and although I should prefer to see
incorporated into the Constitution a guarantee
of universal suffrage, as we cannot get the
required two thirds for that, I cordially support
this proposition as the next best.
This amendment, too, I fully believe, will in
a reasonably short period bring universal suf-
frage.
The fourth section of this amendment, repu-
diating the rebel debt and claims for slaves,
will be most heartily adopted and approved by
every loyal man in the nation. Every man or
woman who holds a Government bond, or who
pays a tax, every crippled soldier or widow of
a dead soldier, who holds apension certificate,
and everybody who hates treason and rebellion,
and prays for the prosperity of the Government,
will rejoice at its adoption.
The third section excludes all persons who
voluntarily adhered to the rebellion, giving it
aid and comfort, from the right to vote for
members of Congress, and for electors for
President and Vice President nntil the 4th of
July, 1870. I cannot regard this section as of
any practical value. I believe it to be diffi-
cult, if not impossible, of fulfillment; and I
have fears that it may greatly embarrass, if
not defeat, the adoption of the other sections
should we pass it through this House.
If the rebels are to be disfranchised at all,
they should be for a longer period. Again,
some rebels are deserving of a total and lasting
disfranchisement, while others who are em-
braced in this provision are not near so crim-
inal. But such a provision would be taken to
imply that all shall have the right to vote after
18/0. ^ Besides, there is a large class of
menj both in the North and South, equally,
yea, and more, guilty than thousands of tlxe
misguided men who will be disfranchised by
this provision, who will not be affected by it.
J allude to those politicians and others at the
South who, keeping themselves out of danger,
set on the ignorant and brave to fight for what
they were told by these rascals were "their
rights;" and to other politicians, editors, "cop-
perheads," in the North, some of whom were
and arc members of Congress, who encouraged
them and discouraged our soldiers.
How is it to be ascertained who "gave aid
and comfort'1 to the insurrection? Is it by
challenge and oath at the polls, or shall we
have a registration throughout the United States
with officers to settle and adjudge that question
as to every voter? It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that this provision is worse than useless, and
will very much mar the beneficent effect of the
other most excellent provisions of this amend-
ment. Why, sir, the almost universal testimony
from the rebel States is that the soldiers who
fo"ght us in the field accept their situation of
defeated and vanquished" with a much bet-
ter grace than the politicians and non-combat-
ants. They do not want to fight again. They
are inspired with a wholesome respect for north-
ern character and for the Government. They
have ceased their bragging, and are willing to
accept the position which the results of the war
has placed them in.
Then, with the exception of the third section,
i am heartily for the amendment, and if in-
stead of that section we could incorporate a
provision into the Constitution which should
forever disqualify all the leading rebels from
holding any office under the United States,
thus making "treason odious" and traitors
infamous, the country would hail it with joy.
xsut, Mr. Speaker, there are men in this
Mouse who are opposed to making any amend-
ments to the Constitution, as they say, "until
the revolted States are represented here."
^h°y say that those States are entitled "of
right _ to have their Senators -ud Representa-
tives m this Capitol. They say that it is wrong
to enact any egislation affecting those States
without first " consulting them." This is the
pretense. The real fact is they know very well
that if each of those States had its two Sena-
tors m the other end of the Capitol, and the
members which the present basis of representa-
May 10,
tion gives them in this end, amendments would
be impossible, for their votes, added to those
already here, who have been upon their side
throughout the war, will always prevent their
adoption.
What would be the result in such a case ?
Mr. Speaker, I tremble for my country when
I contemplate the possibility of such a con-
clusion to the bloody struggle we have gone
through. Let me enumerate some of the calam-
ities which will follow:
1. There would be the admission to Con-
gress, and other places of power, of unrepent-
ant and unwashed murderers and traitors.
2. The driving from their borders of every
loyal man and woman who has been faithful to
the Government.
3. Repeal of the civil rights bill, and grind-
ing to the very depths of misery, compared
with which slavery would be a boon, the four
million freedmen.
4. Assumption by the General Government
of the rebel debt, and payment to rebel mas-
ters for their slaves.
5. They would extend the pension laws to
embrace the traitors who fought against the
Government, and would pay the claims of
rebels for damages by the war.
C. They would elect for the next President
not Andrew Johnson^ as some suppose, but
Robert 15. Lee, who might possibly reward his
northern friends by giving places in his Cab-
inet to Fernando Wood, of New York, and
Vallandigham, of Ohio.
Such is the picture. Why, sir, rather than
such a consummation, a thousand times rather
that we had never pulled trigger or drawn sword
to maintain the integrity of the Government.
Better, a million times better, that we had saved
the blood its preservation has cost us. Why,
sir, the very bones of theuncoffined dead would
turn_ in their graves at such a result of their
sacrifice. I know, and with shame confess it,
that there are recreants and apostates among
us, not many, I thank God, however, but some
there are now in Congress, who have been
trusted by an honest and confiding constitu-
ency, but who prefer to bask in the sunshine
of executive favor, who rather "crook the preg-
nant hinges of the knee where thrift may fol-
low fawning," and betray their trust; but their
number is small.
The tribe of .Tudas has never been a very
flourishing one, for those who do not, like Judas,
in remorse hang themselves, very soon wither
under the scorching indignation of mankind.
There arenot enough of them, I trust, to de-
feat what is absolutely demanded by the coun-
try. And the country dctes demand that we
ingraft upon the organic law of the nation,
placing them in the custody of the whole peo-
ple, beyond the reach of party or faction, or
of sudden passion, to repeal them, these or
similar and stronger amendments. The preser-
vation of the Government requires it. The
rights and liberties of the loyal poor cannot be
preserved without it. The financial credit of
the Government will be ruined unless it is done.
These things to me seem inevitable.
But those gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, whose vocation seems to te to
oppose every measure which is in the interest
of the Government and of humanity, think it
would be an excellent idea to have the rebels
here, to themselves vote upon and fix the con-
ditions of reconstruction. A most happy idea!
Having failed to destroy the Government by a
resort to arms, now only once let them in here
under the old apportionment, which makes a
rebel of South Carolina as big as two or three
loyal men of Illinois, let them in with the blood
of slain patriots yet dripping from their fingers,
and the doubly damning crime of starving pris-
oners still blackening their souls, and then talk
about amending the Constitution.
_ Sir, the Constitution makes Congress the
judge of the election and qualification of its
own members. The Constitution also declares
that " the Government" (not the President)
shall guaranty to each State a republican form
of government." When a Territory makes
application for admission as a State, the Con-
gress has first to pass the law, and fix the
terms for its admission.
The States in rebellion revolted, destroyed
their State governments as States of this
Union; fought us lour years for a separate na-
tionality ; were vanquished. Now, who shall
determine the conditions upon which Congress
shall receive their Senators and Representa-
tives again ? Who shall say whether they have
readopted a republican form of government ?
The President seems to suppose it his pre-
rogative. But the President will yet learn
that he is not the " Government." He dic-
tated to those States conditions, what they
should and should not put into their constitu-
tions, and cannot Congress, the representa-
tives of the people, the real " Government,"
do the same?
The whole copperhead fraternity agplaud the
President. Rebels South and sympathizers
with rebellion North glorify Andrew Johnson;
the devilish company of traitors praise him;
the confederates ot Booth and Payne praise
him; the importers of poisoned clothing praise
him; the glorious company of Jeff. Davis,
his cabinet, his congress, his generals, with all
the enemies of freedom in our own land, glorify
him; and the enemies of liberty and repub-
lican institutions throughout the world, allwho
were on the side of the rebellion and against
us throughout the war, praise and magnify his
name. These, together with a few Judases
and Esaus, applaud Andrew Johnson. Yet he
dictated conditions to the rebel States, and
cannot the law-making power of the Govern-
ment do the same?
Sir, it is high time that traitors and the world
shall know that the same men who preserved
the Government from destruction, who made
the laws, furnished the means, and did the
fighting necessary for its preservation and de-
fense, ought to and will reconstruct and do what
is necessary to maintain it. The same who
. dictated terms to rebels in the field ought to
and will dictate the terms upon which, and
which only, they may be received into fellow-
ship and power again. Men to whom the peo-
ple have intrusted positions of high honor and -
power may apostatize and betray them for a
little season, but they are sure to be crushed
underthe wheels of the great car of the people's
wrath.
There are some who suppose that men who
have given limbs and health and the best years
of their lives for the salvation of their country,
can now be bought for .a petty post office; that
lathers who have laid their sons upon the altar
of their country^ are to be turned aside with
the hope of a little temporary, contemptible
patronage. Such persons do not know the
American people, the Union people of the
North. They have sacrificed too much to turn
back now; their patriotism is made of better
material, of sterner stuff than that. A people,
in whose every house there is either a returned
soldier or the vacant chair of one who never
will return, cannot be bought with any such
stuff. And it is strange that men in high places
do not know these things. Are they both blind
and deaf? Why, sir, a man need not read the
papers to find it out. If he will but put his ear
to the ground he may still hear the tramp, tramp,
tramp, of the men who marched with Sherman
to thesea, and with Grant to Richmond and
Vieksburg, still keeping time to the same music,
and still animated and inspired by the same
determination. The very air is vocal with the
loud demands of the people ; while the infisi-
Me spirits of half a million of the noblest men
who oyer lived, and who sleep the sleep which
shall know no wakening until the last great
roll-call is sounded, beseech us that wc do not
let their sacrifice bo in vain.
Mr. Speaker, I now yield the* remainder of
my time to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
[.Mr. Dawks.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not intend
to discuss the merits of this measure, for 1 give
it, with the exception of the third section, my
hearty support. I shall vote for the amend-
